5	Who doesn't love the cheesecake factory?  It's huge booklike menu consists of something for everyone.  Start off with one of their many signature cocktails.  My favorite appetizer is the chicken lettuce wraps.  They offer huge salads, sandwiches, burgers and entrees.  Oh yeah and they also serve cheesecake!
4	One of the better chain restaurants... not much into cake, but I hear from an impeccable source that theirs is to die for... the menu is huge, with varied selections.  Casual atmosphere...
2	Words of advice for large chain restaurants:1.  Refrain from telling a large party that ordering food and drinks at the same time 'will slow down the kitchen'2.  Try to hire servers who can tell position one from position six - being able to count is a bonus3.  Corollary to #1 - Telling us 'most of it will come out cold anyway' is not the way to increase your tipStars received are for the nice hostess who seated us and the very delicious (and large) salad I ate.  Our waiter receives no stars.
4	Any Cheescake on their menu, there is about thirty to choose from, is to die for! I actually can't remember the last time I came here to eat something that wasn't dessert. I find their menu to be to much. The portions on their entrees are huge though if you do eat dinner. I find their food good, but it's not really worth the trip or price. If you want a great cheesecake or any other dessert at a nice place don't hesitate to come here! Their patios are nice and cool at night as well!
4	The best aspect of TCF is the ambiance. The interior of the restaurant is an Egyptian theme (I don't see the connection) and it is perfectly lit and outfitted for a dining experience. The food is so-so, with reasonable prices. The cuisine is a mix of traditional and American. I enjoyed our waiter, who seemed to be a Marketing major at ASU by the way his conversation with us led. I enjoyed myself during the dinner, and obviously loved the cheesecake afterward. I'll be back, but I'm not sure when. It's a bit out of the way from my neighborhood, and the area has a lot of options. I think Mastro's is next....
4	I had a really great server there who checked back to my table often, and knew the menu very well.  The wait to get our food was longer than expected, and the food was fine.  Very large menu with lots of desserts.  They have some delicious cheesecake, obviously.  When me and my family got there, we didn't have to wait to long (maybe 5-10 min.) and the meal pleased everyone.  The theme is like an ancient Egyptian style with interesting paintings on the ceiling  and good lighting.  Of all the times I've gone there, I've had good servers, and food.
3	I pretty much come here with large parties (the tables allow for huge groups) or when I just can't make my mind up on what I feel like eating because this place has a little bit of everything. I've tried quite a few different things on the menu and it has all been pretty good. Nothing spectacular, but not disappointing either. The Chicken Madeira and the Farfalle w/ Chicken and Roasted Garlic (tell them to hold some of the garlic) are among my favorites.And the cheesecake is always good. Lots of different varieties. Snickers, turtle, tuxedo, strawberry, etc. They are all good. But I've never met a piece of cheesecake I didn't devour.
3	I don't really like cheesecake factory. they have an amazing caesar salad but other than that i don't like anything.their strawberry shortcake is made with biscuits. what is that all about? way to ruin strawberries.I do have to agree with Lorena that it is great for groups and the servers are usually pretty awesome
4	This place, you can't go wrong.HUGE menu, GREAT service.  You have to wait a little bit to get in (they do not take reservations) This place is worth your time and money.
3	This is a great place to eat "except" they are hit and miss with food quality and level of service. On occasion when my wife and I stop on for lunch, there always manages to be some issue with the food in one another's meal. Given there are 2 of us? That translates to them hitting the mark 50% of the time. The menu selection is awesome. The dark molasses indian bread with butter is worth the trip and if you can get a great service, try the appetiser salad of pecan, endive and blue cheese. The take out cheese cake cant be beat.
3	They totally missed it!  They missed the opportunity to make our customer service experience a relaxing and carefree experience.  It happened at lunch the other day to me and my friend who was in town on business.  We arrived late in the day to avoid any crowds.  Our experience was a series of missed customer service opportunities throughout the meal.   It began with two special orders that we placed with our server.  He wrote these requests down and made it clear that he understood what we wanted.  The order gets delivered by someone else.  When the server comes to check on the order, we let him know that both of our orders didn't reflect our requests.  He looks at the plates with a disappointing look and sweeps them away.  He delivers the special requests a few minutes later with his apologies and lets us know his manager is going to come out and "talk" to us.  It sounded more like a threat than an attempt to smooth over the mishap.  The manager comes out and gives a weak apology.  Missed Customer Service Opportunity #1:  He wasn't really interested in explaining what happened to our orders or whether it was an inconvenience.So I ask myself, who was ultimately responsible for the order, the one delivering it or the server.  The server showed his disappointment and made us think it was the one delivering the order who was at fault.  The restaurant is not busy and they have time to make sure orders get out correctly.  Where is the quality control that I see on "Hells Kitchen"?  Restaurants can't afford to get it wrong these days.  Shortly after the entrees were delivered, our order for French fries made it to the table.  Anyone looking at the plate of fries would have noticed that they were overly salted.  We were busy talking so we didn't notice at first.  After a few bites, we both began to feel the burn in our lips from the salt.  Frustrated that they don't really care, we just didn't eat them.   Missed Customer Service Opportunity #2 :  The server never came back to check on the quality of the French fries.  Worse yet, he should have seen that they were overly salted.We finish our meals and I request a doggie bag for my leftovers.  The server brings out a container and bag.  I asked my friend, why don't they bag the leftovers anymore?  I noticed that this is a service they no longer provide at many restaurants.  Are they concerned about contaminating my food?  They just served my meal so I don't think that's the case.  Are they too busy?  Missed Customer Service Opportunity #3:  Please, someone tell me why this little act of service is beneath them now.   I won't be returning anytime soon, sorry to say.
4	I hate chains...and yes, I admit, we went here yesterday.But you know what? Cheesecake is freakin solid. I've tried hating this place and decided to give up.The five of us ventured here yesterday to indulge. We ordered the following: Ahi Tartare, Calamari, Chicken Marcel, Chicken Teriyaki, Salmon, Cobb Salad, Four Season Pizza, Bloody Mary, AND coffee/espresso... yes we were pigs. My favorite is the Ahi Tartare. The Ahi is fresh and the dish is just perfect. I also tried the Calamari, and was very surprised. The seasoning was awesome, and the portion was great for us to share. A little on the greasy side, but still very good.  All of the entrees were awesome as well, with plenty of leftovers. And the salads are always yummy. The service was solid as well. Do I feel like a corporate chain loving whore? Yes. Is it ok to feel that way at times? Absolutely. My tummy agrees.
3	3 stars because there is no one that can not find something they like on this menu! -2 stars because it makes you remember why yelpers like local business.  This place is overrun by teenage yuppies paying their way through Prada with a part time waiting job.  Other than that, this place is really good; lighting is awesome and actually had a co-worker explain that the lighting 'calmed' him. If lighting in a crowded restaurant can do that, it has succeeded in that way.  Food wasn't overcooked, but portions were way to large-no way even the men in my party could finish theirs.  If we not glutton out on fried macaroni and eat smaller portion sizes, perhaps we can solve this little obesity issue.
3	Always one of my favorites, can't go wrong with the chicken Madeira ( my favorite dish there). The chili was great too. One of the only places that no matter how full I am it is a must to get dessert.
2	Had a sad experience there this past weekend.  Normally I would give it a 4 star review for the fresh strawberry martini, chicken chopped salad , pizettes, Jamaican Shrimp and of course the cheesecake.  However, this last experience was bordering on nightmarish there.  Overpacked as usual on a weekend, we took first available seating which was outside.  A litte chilly, but ok.  The table was slanted on an angle which made things interesting and not in a good way.  Then the heater went out.  We were then gassed by 3 different people trying to light it to no avail, even after we asked them to stop trying as the gas smell was so bad.  They refused to stop and literally left a huge stench of gas which turned our stomachs the rest of the time we were there and the non-working heater also left us in pretty much dark and cold.  We ordered and the appetizer never came until the meals did which took quite a long time.  10 minutes after ordering, the waiter came back to say the item our friend ordered was out and she had to pick something else.  She said "please give me a minute" and he stood there.  She said it again, "I'm going to need a minute "and he finally went oh, and backed off from looming over her then took quite a while to return.  When meals did arrive, one did not come until 10 minutes after the rest.  My salad had mystery ingredients in it in addition to the normal ingredients (5 black beans and some stuff I had no idea what it was in the dim light).  It tasted funny and the waiter never asked why there were oddities lined up on the side of the bowl or why I did not come close to finishing it.   It was not a stellar night for the staff  or food that evening!
2	I was so excited to go get my cheesecake factory fix for the year and then I remembered why I only go once every 14 months, if that.  :( server was super awkward and not very personable...but I really liked their small plates menu, great way to try a few things, keep on budget and not stuff your face before it's time for a piece of their cheesecake.
3	Sat at the bar for lunch.  Watched sports on the TV and talked with the bartender to keep entertained.The factory burger and fries are always a good call.  In fact, the fries are definitely above average.You'll never leave this place hungry!
3	I'm not a huge fan of their food, but their cheesecake is amazing. Maybe I order the wrong thing? LOVE the Oreo cheesecake.
3	They now have smaller lunch-sized portions (which are still enough for two and average 1300 calories). But it's still a smaller portion and a smaller price on top of that. Service is always excellent - staff bends over backward for you. How nice is that at a chain shop??
4	Cheesecake factory is the definition of corporate american food. But here at least they do a very good job. Very diverse menu with many interesting things to order and try. Usually when a restaurant has 20 different types of food none of them are good. Of course they have great cheesecakes and other desserts. A great place for a large gathering for a party. This staff is well trained very nice and very helpful. They also have a nice happy hour in the bar area. I guess these are some reasons I keep going back.
4	Bring your reading glasses for the menu!It a big chain so not too much to say.Surroundings- Its huge , menu is overwhelming and has advertising with I find annoying.Staff- Some of the best. Eats- cant complain, I can eat the pizzettes all day long for 4.95 all day long! The ricotta and sausage or the Pear and goat cheese is the best!Have a go , you wont be sorry!
2	Now I remember why I didn't go back: mediocrity. I'm not much for chains to begin with, but this place is so strange and I cannot fathom why anyone would wait in line to eat here (or, pick a location, because the menu's are the same).I tried to order the crabcake sandwich and asked the (not-so-nice-fake-smiling) waitress if the brioche had any seeds or nuts on it and she said "no". Sure enough, it came with sesame seeds slathered all over the bun (why or why are there sesame seeds on every friggin bun in this country?). I sent it back and the waitress came over and said "sorry, I didn't know...do you want me to bring it back?" I've never been asked such a stupid question....ever!My husband had the fish and chips and the fish was greasy, the fries were boring and the cole slaw was good. Seriously, there are some great places to eat here, so why bother with a chicken on everything, nut on everything, corn on everything mediocre meal?
4	The Cheesecake Factory has been a reliable restaurant to me no matter the location.  The menu is diverse, the food is consistently good, and the service is generally solid.  This all rang true for my experience here as well.
5	We have eaten here on several occasions and have always loved it.The food and service are awesome. All of the portions are quite large and always good.  The desserts areextremely good.The menu is quite varied and there is something for everyone; this is our first choice to take company out for dinner.
4	Food and service great as always. I've never had a bad experience at any of the Cheesecake Factory locations.
2	I can't recommend The Cheesecake Factory. When you flip through the menu, you'll see why -- it has too much variety. Variety sounds like a good thing at first, but you've heard the phrase "Jack of all trades, master of none," right? The Cheesecake Factory is worse than a typical chain restaurant, it's a chain restaurant that has no focus or mission. It's a restaurant that, because of the sheer numbers of dishes it serves, can't possibly concentrate on any of them long enough to make them well.On a menu like this, choice is more a crap shoot than an opportunity.
3	This place is pretty good for a chain, and it's very easy to find something for everyone here. The staff has always been friendly, and the menu is huge! The food is just okay though. Would return with friends or for convenience, but we would not go on our own.
5	This is the first time I've been to a Cheesecake Factory in AZ.  We brought a party of 9 on a Saturday around 6pm, so we were afraid we'd be waiting for hours.  We arrived and were greeted by friendly, organized staff at the front desk.  A manager quickly walked the restaurant and found a section that we could be seated at within 40 minutes.  We expected the wait and waited only about 30 before we were seated.  I had 2 small children and 4 teenage girls...I thought dinner would be mahem.  The waitress was attentive and the food quality was wonderful.  She even came back to make conversation with my daughter and her friends and explained menu items to them.  The value was great too, we fed all 9 people appetizers, dinner and desserts for less than $200.
4	I love the cheesecake factory! I've been to this location several times. The management is very active and concerned with the individual customer and the food is amazing of course. My mom and I were there on wednesday night, it was busy for a weeknight, but the service was good and the waiter took his time with us. We originally were seated at a small table sandwiched between a group of teenagers and a woman that was (literally) screaming in my mothers ear (I believe she had some old-age hearing loss). I went to the hostess booth and requested to be moved outside, and the hostess moved us without problem. We ordered the Orange chicken and Bellagio chicken and shared both of them. Both dishes were delicious and distinctive. The portions were big enough to have food left over for the following day. We finished off with Godiva cheesecake and Kaluah cheesecake. Everything was incredible. $72 dollars for two people is not what I would call cheap, but it was an amazing meal and well worth it. :)
3	Not a big fan of chain restaurants but my friend convinced me to go and since I developed a bit of a sweet tooth figured I would have a slice of cheesecake. I have to admit, it was not bad. First of all, I love the Kierland shopping area. Nothing beats it in AZ for outdoor shopping. Even though I was not really hungry, I ended up ordering some dinner and then cheesecake. (not much for not being hungry, eh?) I was enticed to order dinner because of their "special menu" which was a bit lower priced and only one page. I do not enjoy their novel sized menu so a one sheet menu made finding something sounding tasty easy to find. I typically only order food that I cannot make at home, but tonight I went with the mashed red potatoes, broccoli and chicken cutlet dinner. Not bad and tasted about how I would make it at home, haha. But, let me tell you about the cheesecake I had. The red velvet cheesecake cake. WOW. If you like red velvet cake, and I mean real red velvet cake, not just red dyed cake, you have to eat this. That was by far the most impressive thing I ate here. The food overall is decent and flavorful. Service decent. I would NOT want to wear those all white uniforms to work though! No complaints.
4	I like chains, what can I say I want something predictable. On vacation in Scottsdale we hit up the CF. The misses had the Crab Wontons for dinner. She loves the sauce. The little princess had the kids cheese pizza, that makes her happy. I had the Hibachi steak. The mushrooms, asparagus and wasabi mashed potatos are always filling.
4	We decided to have early dinner and since we were around Kierland Commons we decided to eat here.I ordered the Crispy Chicken Costoletta which was crispy to begin with. The sauce soften the crispy chicken, but the flavor was wonderful. I think the plate contained three chicken breasts beaten til they were flat. The mashed potatos was a bit thick and the asparagus was cooked to perfection. I saved half of my dinner for the next day. My daughter had the Spicy Chipotle Chicken Sandwich and switched from the french fries to the Sweet Potato Fries. She, too, brought half of her entree home. My wife enjoyed the  Chicken Enchilada and substituted the rice for black beans. All our food was yummy. Alana, our server, was great. She kept our lemonade glasses filled and was very knowledgeable.For dessert, I took home the Resses Peanut Butter Chocolate Cake Cheesecake 'cause it had all the ingredients that I love. It took me two days to finish it off. YUMMY!!!
4	Had a wonderful lunch with my sister and friend yesterday. We ordered the calamari, Oriental salad and the eggplant sandwich. All three were delish. Vanilla bean cheesecake was terrific. We all shared. Our waiter was awesome. Always a great time at the Factory.
1	I'm usually a fan of cheesecake factory. I've been going since I was a kid. It's usually consistent. This trip however was very different. Appetizer (spinach, artichoke, cheese dip) was good, my little ones grilled cheese was fine, but our chicken chipotle pasta was terrible. The flavor was fine, but the pasta wasn't even near cooked all the way. After we sent it away the manager said that their pasta machine was acting up! Why are they making pasta if the "cooker" is broken? Can they not make pasta in an old school pot with water? I didn't ask for anything else. We ordered a key lime cheesecake to go and went home. The cheesecake was the best part of our meal.
4	I have been too this cheesecake factory twice now. Once to have..of course cheesecake, and the other to actually have dinner and a few drinks. The first experience was great, waitress was there when we needed her and we received our cheesecake in a timely manor and of course was amazing. The 2nd time there was very limited seating, we had ordered a appetizer and had taken our time with it, the table we were sitting at was big enough for if that, 2 plates. Our entrees had come and we were cramped for room, but as soon as a table opened up, the waiter was happy to seat us in a booth and move our food. I had the Hibachi steak which was a perfect choice. Rare like i asked, and full of flavor. overall, i am extremely happy with this place and hope not to have a bad experience!
4	The cheescake was standard Cheescake factory fare, so it was above average buy below spectacular. The service, however was amazing. Probably better than any other chesscake factory I ahve been too.  courtisy was spilling over by everyone in the place, from the hostess to the server to the busboys. the manager even came over and asked if everything was OK.
4	Amazing menu... Chopped salad is amazing. Great service!
5	love the avocado egg rolls
4	One of my favorite restaurants. There is something for everyone on the menu, from special diets to low cal to comfort food. Drinks are great, food is fresh. I love the passionfruit iced tea, dynamite shrimp, chicken caesar salad (a classic done RIGHT!), chicken madeira, Godiva chocolate cheesecake, and many more. Haven't had anything on the menu I haven't liked, nor has it ever been cooked improperly or served sloppily. I don't have any complaints about the service, and I have always lucked out on finding parking too. Also, I have come here with handicapped guests, and it was simple to accomodate us.
4	We have been here over a dozen times and its usually pretty good.  We love their salads & pasta dishes!  Everything is humongous and I can eat!   We went there yesterday & we shared 2 items!  We had a large BBQ Chicken Salad (14.50) & a lunch portion Louisiana Chicken Pasta (10.95)My wife just started a diet so didn't want to eat much carbs(pasta) so I devoured most of that dish as well as half of the huge salad.  Maybe that's why I weigh like 5 pounds more today!  hahaAnother good salad is Santa Fe Salad..but we were hesitant to order it because the cook didn't make it awesome like we had it the 1st time!Other great dishes are Orange Chicken & Chicken Avocado club is good with their fries & must ask for their ranch!
1	I've eaten at many Cheesecake Factorys over the years, all over the west.  This one... never again.We went for lunch.  Terrible service and it's just way too expensive for what you get.  It took 3 tries to get me the lunch I ordered.  The first try was just wrong, the second try was closer but still wrong, finally the third try was right... she kept bringing someone else's burger.  And what a disappointment it was.  The burger could not have been more than a 1/3 lb with 2 pieces of thin bacon, cheese and 2 onion strings for $11.50.  It was a $7 or $8 burger at best.After the DOUBLE mistake, the waitress was flustered and pathetic.  And of course, offered nothing for the trouble.  At the very least a manager could have stopped by to apologize.  CF used to be know for their creativity, portion size, and great service.  Well things have definitely changed.  Now you get small to average sized portions and terrible service.  I guess that may be why you don't have to wait an hour for a table anymore.  Sad
3	I generally enjoy the Cheesecake Factory; I hope this experience turns out to be a "one off."  The waiter "Mike" was very good, attentive, "on top of things."  The appetizers were Corn Fritters (very good), Fried Zucchini (very good but not much on the plate), and Artichoke and Spinach dip, (tasty but very, very oily). The others ordered Burgers, Salads, Orange Chicken....all generally pleased.My dinner was the Shepard's Pie, very large plate with a large circular dollop of mashed potatoes on top. It looked great....one bite later and all I could taste was "cumin."  So overpowering I couldn't eat it.It seems that seasonings come into vogue and pass from the scene every year. In this case, the current spice of the month, quarter, perhaps year is "cumin," a spice which does wonders in minute quantities, and is ruinous in large doses. Unfortunately, the cook at the Scottsdale Cheesecake Factory uses a ruinous amount in the Shepard's Pie. I decided that while I waited for Mike to return to the table I'd eat the mashed potatoes from the the top of the Shepard's Pie....wrong; too salty to eat. If the person who made the mashed potatoes couldn't taste the salt long before it reached that level, there is something seriously wrong with their taste buds; combined with the overwhelming amount of cumin in the Shepard's Pie ( a dish not known for its "cumin like" qualities) it leaves you wondering how this person got into a cooking position.Back to Mike....he was ready to make it right...took an order for something else, stayed with it to ensure I got my replacement meal quickly an in general took excellent care of a table of 5 like a pro.
4	People don't give this place enough credit. Sure its big and the menu is even bigger, filled with a lot of whatever food..but if you go for the right reasons, then its an amazing spot to go. Here are the only reason's to go to The Cheesecake Factory.1) It's open relatively late, I think after midnight2) Brown Bread with Butter--out of this world3) Avacado Egg Rolls--mmmmm4) Louisiana Chicken Pasta-A lot of food, nice tangy tasteyou could easily share this with two people. ask them to split #4 with your guest.
3	Corn cakes are good. Wontons not so much goopy. Chicken sandwich was good could be spicier spread.
2	When people say, "The Cheesecake Factory", what I hear is "The Diarrhea Refinery".
5	FAVORITE restaurant EVER! Lovve the cheesecake flavors and everything I've ever had. I don't feel like this place needs to be reviewed but I had the most amazing meal this weekend and had to rave about it! Delish! Enough said.
4	We don't have these in NY, so I go when I travel.  I love their passion fruit iced tea.  I love their brown bread with butter.  I love the cajun chicken jambalaya.  yes, the portions are ridiculous.  I try to never ever finish my entree if I can help it.  The food is not haute cuisine, but it is really good.
5	I love this place! Especially this location! I recently went for happy hour to celebrate a late Valentine's Day, and omg! My mouth is still watering from the delish dishes we had! It was definitely a comfort food evening for us, and we were extremely comfortable. We were seated in a corner booth, for privacy, without even having to request so. I wish I remembered our server's name, but he kept both our iced teas full, and he never kept us waiting or looking for him. The buffalo chicken wrap things are my new favorite guilty pleasure food. I can't wait to go back! And the turtle cheesecake! MMMMM!!
4	It's Wednesday and that means one thing...poker night with the guys.But the last few weeks at this have been torturous, as you go home penniless, drunk, and now having to face your wife.And the worst part is how you'll probably lose again tonight.Well not tonight,Here's the plan.Stop off at the Cheesecake Factory before the game. Order the four-cheese pasta, it's simply delightful. Have a couple beers to wash it down. Now, sit back and let the magic happen.Of course you're going to lose at poker again tonight, but at least someone else is going to get tortured as your room-clearing farts decimate the place.Revenge is sweet, and Cheesecake can help you serve up a big steaming bowl.
4	We decided to have an early dinner (5:00 PM) and since we haven't been to this place for some time...here we are. Found parking in front of the restaurant and we ate out side 'cause there was hardly any wind and there were lots of places to sit.I had the Cuban Sandwich with Caesar Salad and my wife had the SkinnyLicious Chicken salad. I had my first  Cuban Sandwich at the Miami Int'l Airport and it doesn't compare to the one I had here; maybe because it was at an airport. This one had lots of pork and ham and was darn good too.  I didn't think I could finish it, but I dug down deep and it was gone.We ended up taking a home a slice of Adam's Peanut Butter Cup Fudge Ripple cheesecake to split between us.All their food is great. Service was exceptional. We'll be back.
3	Normally, service here is excellent. But tonight? FAIL. We're regulars at the Scottsdale location; it's walking distance from home!  Well tonight we waited quite a longer time than usual for our dinner. Even the manager came over to apologize as well as our waitress. No offer of a discount on our bill, free desert, nothing! We're not the type to be verbal, but when both the mgr and waitress are aware of an issue, and does nothing for the customer....thats an even bigger disappointment. :(
4	One of the more dependable chain restaurants.  It feels like a treat without spending huge amounts for a tasty meal.I've always enjoyed their great food and good portion sizes.  Many items are generous enough to be shared.  The giant menu allows everyone to find something that they like.  If you have any room left after your meal you can share a slice of cheesecake or take one to go!We visit both this location and the one at the Biltmore often and both are nice.  Even though the restaurant is quite large, there can still be a wait.  So reservations or call-ahead dining would be a nice addition.Here are some of my favorites from their menu - it's always hard to choose just one.Luau Salad http://www.thecheesecakefactory.com/menu/Salads/luau_saladGrilled Shrimp and Bacon Club Sandwich Shrimp with Angel Hair PastaLow Carb Cheesecake is delicious too!  They use crushed walnuts instead of graham crackers for the crust.I've rarely ordered something that I didn't love.
4	We were feeling courageous on a Friday night at 6pm to try and have dinner here, as it had been a while.  We were lucky to get in right away, as there is usually a wait of about 30 minutes.  We were seated and promptly served warm bread and drinks.  Our waitress was on top of it and she was pleasant, even though the restaurant was PACKED. The app of grilled artichokes were brought out and about 10 minutes later our food.  The food is always good and generous portion sizes and reasonably priced.The bf had the BBQ chicken pizza, which is always amazing but this time was especially good by his comments.I enjoyed the lettuce wrapped chicken tacos (asian).  Overall, this experience was as good as it usually is.  The only downside is the restaurant is always very VERY loud and table space is very small if you are not seated in a booth (we were not).For a chain restaurant, this restaurant, especially this location is worth it.
3	Threw a friend's baby shower here and it went pretty smoothly. We made reservations well in advance, and it was a small party. I'm not a huge fan of their food but it's always busy so clearly other people don't have my same opinion. The three stars is for the service, they were super attentive and everything was taken care of for our party. I just don't think the cheesecake is that great, I'm sorry! But the apps aren't too bad.
2	I usually am pleased by The Cheesecake Factory but this time I will say it was a horrible experience. First off it was my mistake going on a friday night and waiting 30min to get seated but then after being seated it took another 20min just for someone to come and ask if there was anything that we wanted to drink. Finally after ordering it took forever to get the food AND it was the complete wrong appetizer, not once but twice. Usually when you receive your food asa common curtesy your asked if everything looks alright or how it is. Well not once were we asked. Lets just say the service was beyond awful.The drinks, well i can say that the drinks are always good, this time i ordered the green tea which was great and it was delicious. The food on the other hand was not so enjoyable. I ordered the stuffed tortilla which was not a stuffed tortilla, it was more like a quesadilla thrown together with an odd tasting corn patty. Not a fan. My issue about cheecake's food is just that they can't decide what they want to serve. There is just too much variety which means there is a great selection but the food is just bland.Overall, my recent trip was a bad experience due to the service and the bland food. The Cheesecake factory is a good place to go with a group of people that cant decide what they want to eat but otherwise if you really want great food i wouldn't recommend The Cheesecake Factory.
4	This is your typical large-scale chain American food restaurant that wins on customer service and consistency. A bonus is the portion sizes are large enough for two meals and their amazing desserts. All the pasta dishes are great -- if you love bacon try the Pasta Carbonara. It's my go-to dish here for the moment. My pass favorites include Chicken Bellagio and the chicken alfredo with sun dried tomatoes. I've had a few sandwiches here -- the club and the cheesesteak. I don't really like the cheesesteak, it just doesn't have that delicious steak and cheese combination flavors like Corleones. However, the club is one of my favorite club sandwiches found anywhere and it's particularly good on a really hot Arizona day with an iced tea or a coke. The service is always great -- friendly and personable -- and they seem to have the timing down of when to check-up on the table.One of my favorite things about the Cheesecake Factory is their hours: they are open super late for the area, 11:00PM on weekdays and 12:00AM Thursday through Saturday. One downside is I really don't like their alcoholic drinks. They are really strong (as in not blended right) and taste like they use super cheaper liquor. Oh and breakfast: not good here. I had the breakfast sandwich made with french toast and bacon. It sounded amazingly delicious but it was so gross I didn't even want to it. Something about cheese and french toast just didn't go together well for me. This a great place for two people or large groups. Bear in mind the noise level can be a bit loud so come later in the day if you want a quiet meal.
2	First time experience. Tried turkey burger from the skinyalicous menu. Burger was ok but greasy. They served me a salad that has gone bad.  You donot serve a salad with rotting vegetables. Also Shepard pie we ordered had extra ingredients such as zuccini, so they should have warned us about not being a proper Shepard pie.  Gordon Ramsay would have been mad. Service was good. Only saving grace.
1	Have dined there many times. Best chicken piccata around. But got bad Salmon on Sat. night ended up with food poisoning,tasted OK but very sick later. Will avoid the salmon at all cost.
4	The cheesecake factory has typical prices for a chain but far better than typical quality food and service!Highlights:Best tex-mex egg rolls! All appetizers look so goodExtensive menu that caters to any customerGood burgersCheesecakes were wonderful...lemon raspberry is my favoriteTimely service and very clean!I'm excited to back and try a pasta dish and more appetizers!
5	Everything I have tried here is awesome! You can't go wrong with your choices! Service is ok. Could be better. Not very personable!
4	We really like Cheesecake Factory, but eat there only on special occasions since it's so pricey. We also don't have one in Prescott, so we can only eat there when we go down the hill to Scottsdale. This trip we went there for dessert after eating dinner elsewhere. Great cheesecake!
3	We only ever get the Louisiana Chicken pasta or cheesecake any more.  I think the menu is so big that it is hard for them to have any specialties (other than cheesecake).  The last 5 dishes I've had have been nothing special at all, and one I even sent back because it was so bad (and I NEVER do that).
5	My family and I had a great experience at this location. We were celebrating a family and had a great time!
4	Great food, nice and clean. food prices are a little much but it's definitely quality food.
4	I went here with my parents on a super crowded Friday evening. We had to wait about 40 min, but decided to order a couple of drinks while we waited. Once we finally got seated, I decided to order the Chicken Madeira, which is their most popular dish. It was sooo good! It was a huge portion, but I somehow managed to finish it. I can see why everyone loves it! My dad ordered the Ahi and had to get them cook it more b/c it was practically raw and cold. It was probably supposed to be like that, but he didn't know what he was getting himself into. They took extra care in getting this done - both our waiter and the manager came over to make sure they were on the same page as my dad before cooking it more thoroughly. They also brought my dad a complimentary house salad while he waited. We decided to end our meals by all splitting a piece of their Peanut Butter Cup cheesecake. OMG. So good. Most importantly, we found that the service at this location was really good! Our waiter was funny, and rolled with the punches...nothing seemed to phase him.
4	I haven't been to Cheesecake Factory in two years.  Wow  I forgot how great this restaurant is.  Went here last night and it was great.  Service was on top of everything.  I ordered off the skinnylicous menu.  I had the Shrimp Creole, it was great huge portion with great flavor.  My wife had the salmon, it was a little dry but she still enjoyed.  We didn't get any desert but I am still thinking about the Oreo Deluxe Cheesecake, it looked amazing.
4	Haven't been in awhile and on our last vacation took the family. love the surroundings and food although portions are large! Great to to place.
1	I came here with my family yesterday (group of 5). It was a 15 minute wait which wasn't horrible and then they called us up. We came up to the hostess stand and just stood there waiting for about 5 minutes. I finally asked the hostess why she would call us up if our table wasn't ready. The hostess supervisor overheard me and got involved....apparently what happened was the hostess seated another smaller party at the table set for our group. We watched the hostess go up to the newly seated group which had been seated for about 5 minutes, and KICK THEM OUT of the booth. I felt horrible for the other group. This started the slow and unimpressive meal  :/Our waiter was just kinda sloppy. He was REALLY SWEATY (like just ran a marathon sweaty and sweat rolling down his face and neck) and unorganized. He had no idea what was on the menu-for example, someone ordered Moroccan Chicken, he asked her if she wanted mashed potatoes with that or a salad but the dish didn't even come with those items, it came with couscous. He made the same mistake with my MIL's entree choice too.  He then tried to push the brunch options but brunch ended at 2pm so it wasn't even available. He didn't even know what time it was.The menu itself was FILLED with advertisements for an assortment of crap, very off putting to me as I just want to pick my meal, not be subjected to page after page of crappy ads.  as It took 20 minutes for him to bring bread, 1 HOUR (yes HOUR) for appetizers, another 45 minutes for entrees. I asked him to bring water for our table for everyone, he brought ONE. When we finally got our entrees, they only came out partially. A member of our group was without his entree for a while and was stuck staring at everyone's food. In the 3 HOURS that it took to get everything we ordered, he refilled our drinks once. I ordered a turkey burger and was not impressed.....it needed more flavor, seasoning and the fries were unappetizing and tasted slightly freezer burnt. My MIL insisted on dessert so we all got cheesecake (a variety). It took an additional 25 minutes for cheesecake, AS IF it takes 25 minutes to slice a darn cheesecake and plate it?? By the time we had ordered dessert, the place had cleared out for the most part and was NOT busy so there was NO excuse whatsoever for the length of time the service took.By the end of our meal, we could NOT WAIT to leave. My MIL is very shy and gets embarrassed  easily so I didn't raise a fuss with management but this was my first time dining here and it was so unpleasant. I was hugely disappointed with the entire experience. Save your cash for a place with better food, better service, perhaps less sweaty servers.
2	The Cheesecake Factory seems to have traded quality for quantity to appeal to a different type of diner. I was very disappointed in the meal which was huge and tasteless. It reminded me of Mimi's, another restaurant that i will be sure not to frequent. The desert (cheesecake) was good.
2	Other than the cheesecake, which is 5 stars, I have been severely disappointed in the food lately.  We did 1 take out order recently and the food was soggy and slimy when we got home. The cheesecake was the only saving grace.
5	I don't often go to dinner here, but mostly for happy hour, again this mama like to go out but lives on a budget. They have a little good happy hour that I think we should all take advantage of it once it a while. Do no the big fancy building intimidate you, they have cocktails and delicious appetizers for $5.00 each. I am South American so I always go for my MOJITOS!! epa! The bartender, Ryan, a.k.a. Carlos (My friend couldn't remember his name so we decided to call him Carlos and he is ok with it, but it's Ryan) We also order the Avocado eggrolls and the Chinese salad. My friends loves the margaritas, but I am not a tequila drinker (for obvious reasons since I am a light wright). Oh, and my favorite: The Peach Bellinis!!! They are not part of the happy hour menu but they are amazing!!! Please do not leave the restaurant without sharing a piece of cheesecake. The upside down pineapple is amazing!! One day after a movie date with this guy, we went there for late coffee and a cheesecake, it was nice, romantic, and sweet!! Just throwing some romantic ideas for you boys!! (wink, wink...)   If you ever go the Scottsdale location and sit a the bar, ask for Carlos, he will probably have a laugh and will know exactly who and how you know his name LOL
4	Always a great place to go for lunch. The avocado egg rolls are amazing!
1	With a huge menu, they still don't have a gluten free desert, and not much else is gluten free. Allergen data is not available. I tried the one cheese cake (Godiva) where only the top layer was supposed to have a tiny bit of gluten, but I got a couple of bites into it before I remembered to take off the top layer.Now I'm sick.That a popular restaurant like this has gluten throughout almost everything, and no information about it, is a slap in the face to those of us with serious gluten allergies.
4	Great service and food!
5	I enjoyed their Brunch Combo. The scrambled eggs were awesome topped with their pico de gallo.
1	Very disappointed. Our office has gone there numerous times in the past and recently went back after not being there for about a year. The quality has definitely gone down. 2 of the entrees were sent back, my fish tacos were very sparse with no flavor,and the slices of cheesecake that we ordered had gotten alot smaller than they used to be. I don't think our office will be going back there.The only really good thing was our server.
3	If you're here to eat cheesecake, that's totally fine. You're in the right place.When it comes to the restaurant, I'm not too fond of eating here. The menu here is diverse for sure, but the dishes themselves have always been good, not great. No matter what I order, I can recall a similar variant that tasted better and costs less. I think that's just the nature of this chain, but if you're dropping more cash I think you should get better food. The cost goes more towards the ambience than anything else.The free bread is not bad though. Yay free bread.
5	I would never rate any Cheesecake Factory under five stars and this one, being a bit smaller than any other that I've visited, stood up to the five stars. The wait was under 10 minutes around 6pm on a Saturday. I had the avocado egg rolls for the first time and just like everyone else says on yelp, they're awesome.
5	When you're with a bunch of people and are all hankering for different types of food, this is the place to go.  There are at least 20 pages worth of menu items ranging from Asian to American to Mexican to Italian.  The list goes on.  There's even a menu for the dieters called their Skinny Menu.  I am not a huge fan of corporate restaurants, but I'm not going to lie, this place never disappoints.  The items I usually order are:  Miso Salmon - delightful with salmon cooked to perfection laying over a bed of rice with this sweet and savory sauce drizzled on top.  I always ask for extra sauce on the side and they happily oblige.  I also order their chicken marsala with mushrooms - bow tie pasta with mushrooms, sliced chicken with a sweet and tasty marsala sauce.  I never can finish so I always have great leftovers the next day.  I always order their passion iced tea and their "brown" bread given at the beginning is always warm and soft.  Service there is almost always great - attentive servers and the food and drinks come out pretty quickly.  As for cheesecake, my favorite is their red velvet and their banana cream.  If I'm feeling really hungry still and have people willing to share, I love their strawberry shortcake.  It's too big to finish alone - you need at least 2 more friends to share it with.
4	This place is pretty solid no matter which city you are in. The menu is long, which is pretty amazing that they can offer as many different food options they do and they all taste good!
3	The food here is okay but I can't help think that this place is a master of none.  The draft beer is standard fare.  The service is okay.  The menu is large but the advertising just looks tacky to me.I ordered the gumbo which seemed to be more like jambalaya.  They don't even give you a spoon to eat it.   They have added a skinny menu which is nice to see and the women in my party liked the items.  Obviously they are moving away from the large portion thing.  The cheesecake, as always, is great with a large selection to choose from.  I just wished the server would stop bashing the smores choice.  We liked it.
5	Don't know about the food but the cheesecakes are amazing, if you're looking for a great cheesecake and variety this is the place. Original cheese cake with strawberries is awesome and the key lime delicious...pineapple upside down cheesecake was really yummy too...3 down many more to go
4	I was taken out to the Cheesecake Factory tonight, & hadn't been in quite some time. The last time was at a different location...Biltmore. That was an awful trip & between that and a sexual harassment lawsuit at the chain around that same time, I honestly wasn't sure I'd ever go back. Well, tonight I did and I'm glad I gave it another shot.Lets get the negative things out of the way first: The hostess was not very friendly & made me worry that it had been a mistake to go back. The bartender seemed like he was not happy to be there or to talk to us about drinks. It was a little cold in the dining area, but seemed to warm up as the evening progressed.Now for good things:Of course, I got the chicken madeira because I ALWAYS get it and it's ALWAYS delicious. I think the portions are getting a bit smaller these days, but I still had leftovers. Drinks were...meh. I would love if they had a better draught beer selection myself. None of the beers were too exciting so I got a martini and it was...drinkable...maybe. For those prices I'd expect better. Calamari was decent. Cheesecake is always great. Food was good, but what made tonight's trip overcome the few negatives and past experiences and warrant a 4 star rating was the service. Mandy was great...very friendly and not snooty like some servers in the Scottsdale area can be. She also did not flirt with the guy I was with hoping to get more tips. I hate when servers do that. There was one mistake by the kitchen where peas were added to a dish that was requested without them, but they realized before it even came out and Greg (who I can assume was the manager on duty) came over to apologize personally and offer a soup or salad while we waited. We appreciated it but declined the offer. Mandy was attentive and was taking good care of us so we really didn't feel like anything was much of a wait. She mentioned that she is fairly new, but had she not told us, we wouldn't have guessed. Overall a great trip. I will likely put the Cheesecake Factory back on my list of restaurants to choose from on a regular basis. I recommend it. Ask for Mandy...she's good. :)
5	Love this place! Food is great and so is the cheesecake! During the weekend the wait for a table can be pretty long and i'm not sure if they take reservations or not. Staff is nice and always ask you if they can get you something else. The portions are HUGE! I ordered a salad off of the "skinny" menu they have and it was still humungous! Food isn't the best for you but it is really good. The menu is huge here so if you are a picky eater than this place is the best place for you since there is so many items to pick from! Always have a good experience every time I come here!
4	We only went for a slice of cheesecake but it was delicious as per usual for Cheesecake Factory! Claire was our waitress and she was phenomenal - I highly recommend requesting her if you go since we will be requesting her when we make return visits.We sat outside and they had the heaters going so it wasn't too cool to sit on the porch. I know the cheesecakes are pre-made and easy to serve, but it came out lightning fast and Claire was on top of refilling our drinks if we wanted it.  Overall: AGreat dessert stop off with friendly service!
3	Walked into cheese cake factory tonight, was immediately taken to our seats. Our server for the evening was Jon. His account of the menu as well as his excellent report with us, was just the beginning of a lovely meal. Our meals were fresh and served without waiting. A good time was had by all!
4	Open Christmas eve!They serve Patron Anejo !And...They have low carb cheesecake!
5	We had a really nice server. The Cashew Chicken is a HUGE dish- it lasted me for 3 meals.  I shared Adam's Peanut Butter Cheesecake and it was AWESOME. I love Cheesecake Factory. They have a huge menu and their bread is awesome! Can't wait to go back.
3	I love their service I give them 5 stars their food is very good but their desserts are delicious. Favorite has to be the milkshakes, and the fish. We do enjoy coming here when we come to visit Arizona. Recommended by a big eater.
1	It was my birthday and I went here with my family. We were seated and waited about 10 minutes. A server told us she would be right with us. We waited about another 10 minutes. She brought bread to the table, didn't say a word, and left us again. She didn't bring us water, drinks, or take our order. After waiting about 25 minutes we got up and left. We go to this Cheesecake factory a few times a month and usually have good service, but because of this service it is highly unlikely we will ever return. There were many other servers that we could see were not busy, and not one of them came up when they could clearly see we had been waiting a long time. We then went across the street and received great service from True Food, as expected. Extremely disappointed in our experience at the Cheesecake Factory.
5	No matter where or when this restaurant is always great for a simple meal. Something for every mood on the menu and everything is always good. You can be as healthy or glutinous here. It's all there.
5	The food and service were excellent tonight at the cheesecake factory.  Stephanie was excellent over-the-top very attentive to our refills on our sodas.  She would come back every five minutes to check on us.  I love the chicken tacos on the skinny menu
4	This is a review for the cheesecake only. My wife loves cheesecake. She loves it. She days the red velvet is the best she had ever tasted. We come here mostly for just this. Call ahead fir takeout it us easier than fighting the crowds.
3	I have eaten there many times and find it to be a ok dinning experience, It is really just a higher class of Denny's with a much larger menu . we find the food to be generally bland and not all that well presented. However the portions are large and the staff very friendly and well trained .
2	Well, we went here on a Monday night to celebrate a birthday.  We made a reservation for 730pm and waited until 8pm to be seated, they kept telling us they did not have any seats for a party of 5 - their reasoning for the long wait.  They were also under staffed and did not have enough cooks on this day which added to the longer than average wait time for food.  Whitney, our waitress was very helpful and accommodating.  We waited over 30 minutes for our food and by the time we ordered the food, the place was half empty so no real reason why it would take so long except to say the manager should have called in more help, but didn't.The Kale and Quinoa app salad is bigger than small like the waitress said and can be a full meal in itself.  I had to send it back because they first brought it out without any Quinoa and grapes, when I got it back the 2nd time it was loaded with flavor, grapes and Quinoa plus the buttermilk dressing was excellent with it.   Also the incredible egg plant sandwich on brown bread was a hit and actually it was much better eaten alone instead of with the bread.  The Chinese chicken salad was just okay nothing to rave about as was the rest of the food - just ok - fettuccine, market burger, lettuce wraps, just ok nothing wow..  The cheesecakes again were just ok nothing to rave about - the banana cream needed more banana flavor and more cream, the mango key lime needed to be a bit more tart and the guey yellow stuff on top of the mango key lime is terrible and should be taken off.  the only cheesecake which was good was the original.  This place is hit and miss - sometimes everything is amazing and other times well just ok....
5	The Pros:Huge menu with just about anything you're hungry for.Huge portions.  No one needs this much food.4 pages of apetizers.Amazing deserts.The Cons:Big, loud, can be overwhelming for some people.Expensive, unless you can and will eat the leftovers.Can have a long wait. (CHECK THE HUGH TOP TABLES IN THE BAR AREA).Service can be hit and miss.Personally, I love CF and eat here every time I'm in Scottsdale.
4	Even though this is a chain restaurant, I love the vibe. The am also grateful for the new gluten free menu. The service is also great. I only wish they would bring back their beet burger (the way it was made about 8 years ago).  Hint, hint....
4	Very good service for a group lunch.  Food is good and lots of menu choices, regardless of your diet type.  and of course.... great cheesecake!
1	Food poisoning last night!!!!! Skinnylicious steak medallions= DEATH. Oh my goodness, started barfing at 5 this morning and still ill!!!! I will never set foot in another Cheesecake Factory again.
2	I never eat at this restaurant as I prefer small local places. I attended a birthday celebration recently. the menu is TOO much, too big, too many choices. Portions are huge, who can eat all that food, no wonder Americans are so fat. The food was Okay. I liked the barbecue chicken salad, however, if you can't make a good salad, then there are problems. The problem was the server. She to came to the table four times to take the same drink order and was totally unaware she had been there many times before. It was obvious she was impaired in some manner. The evening was saved by the  manager whose name I did not get. He took over, got our drinks and then assigned us a new server.
4	If I want cheesecake, this is the place to go. The decor is nice and the cheesecakes are super nice. They are open a little later than some restaurants too and the staff is friendly.The appetizers were decent and so is the food. For the service and the atmosphere, of course you are paying more. But did I mention cheesecake?Lots of variety of cheesecakes. There's also other desserts as well on the menu. I would have to say this is not the healthiest place to eat since a lot of food is fried and there's an abundance of sugar food available staring at you.
3	The food is always sooo good but the service is always bad! I have never had a start to finish good experience at the CF and I'm easy to please.
5	One of my family's favorites! This location is usually pretty busy on the weekends, so be sure to get there a little early. Great service, large portions, & it's always fun to walk around Kierland before or after your meal.
5	I always love going to this place! The service is great. Even though it was pretty crowded, we were seated right away and our server was attentive and helpful. Had the meatloaf and it was really good and I had plenty of leftovers! And of course, I topped off the meal with a piece of cheesecake. I am always shocked at how huge their cheesecake menu is. I have never been disappointed with any of the cheesecake there.
1	Okay food but horrible service by rude and cynical waitress. In less than an hour the waitress managed to deride both my husband and me multiple times but she topped it when she withdrew my husband's plate and asked if he wanted to have it packed. I was just starting to eat my lunch and she is already removing plates and thinking about packing leftovers for us?  At the end of our lunch I reminded her that it is not in good form to withdraw one person's plate and ask about taking it home before his companion is finished. She asserted that she was following her bosses' instructions. Again, I said that it is not in good form. She then asked, "where are you from." Really? Don't sit at Jessica M's table if you want proper service. Better yet, stay away if their managers support rude waitresses behaviors.
1	We ate here today for lunch.  Although the food and service is good, the cleanliness procedures are bad.  Flatware is placed directly on table top where people put there dirty elbows, purses, even sit there kids and dirty diapers.  Also, I wanted a refill of diet coke and the waitress asked a customer at a nearby table if he wanted tea refill.  She took both our glasses. When she returned,  my diet coke tasted like tea at the bottom!  She mixed my glass refill with a total stranger!
4	Had a really good meal at this Cheesecake Factory last night.  We went with a large group of ten and our server did a FANTASTIC job of being attentive and keeping everything straight; even keeping track of 4 different checks without a hitch.  I had the miso salmon which I tend to enjoy at most Cheesecake Factorys but last nights was especially good.  The salmon was perfectly cooked and flavorful.  Most of our party enjoyed their meals.  There was a small hiccup when one of our meals had what looked like brillo in it but it turned out to be charred corn silk.  The server and manager were very professional and took care of it by quickly expediting a new one as well as taking it off the bill.  Other than that, another good time and meal at the Cheesecake Factory.
4	Always a good place yo eat. Had their Seared Ahi tataki salad which was just the right amount. Only issue, they tossed the salad with way too much dressing. So if you order it, get the dressing on the side. Service and servers are always accommodating.
4	They are trying harder, that's evident at half price cheesecake days recently. We had the salmon and sugarless cheesecake. Ryan Lague explained each dish we ordered despite the huge crowd. He was so patient with us snd we were so impressed with his knowledge of the ccf. Paula Cardenas was really doing a great job handling the crowd. She listened to my story about ehat I forgot now and she didn't roll her eyes once!  I'm sure it was appropo to the situation.
3	Their cheesecake and food is amazing however the service is terrible. Waited 15 min to get my check and then another 15 min for the server to return with my credit card. If you are in a hurry skip this place!
3	My husband and I have come here many times for lunch, and it is always a good treat. Services is shaky, sometimes great, sometimes horrible, but most of the time on the better end of things. I get the Chinese Chicken Salad each time, since it is something I know I will like and it is a full meal (the lunch portion), and it always comes out great. More chicken sometimes than the others, but overall good. My husband changes his mind up often, but gets the Sheila's Chicken Salad the majority of the time. Again, always consistent. We never come here for dinner because of the price, but do for their tiny-bit-discounted lunch meals. Their strawberry lemonade is delicious, but $5 for a drink that isn't alcoholic?! That seems insane to me..especially because any of their to-go drinks are in the tiniest of cups...a kids size. Their other drinks are in between $3 and $5, so none of the drinks are cheap, which is why I just decide to swallow the cash and spend the $5 on delicious strawberry lemonade.Reason I gave only 3 stars is because the staff is never overly nice, place is clean most of the time, and food is always good. I just don't feel it deserves any more than 3 stars, but nothing really bad to say besides the overly prices food, but that's what you get for corporate food!
4	I've eaten at a few CF locations including the original one in Marina del Rey, CA which was the first time I tried them.  I'm always impressed but a bit intimidated by the exhaustive small book sized menu they have.  The good news is the broad selection of cuisine they offer from Cajun, Mexican/southwest/Asian and more.  The bad news is it's a lot to absorb and select from.I've never had a terrible dish at any CF location but some are better than others.  They make a pretty wicked Cajun chicken over pasta which is just the right amount of spicy hot and delicious.  Like most of their entrees, it's large enough to split or share which I recommend you do if you even remotely think you may want to sample one of their famous cheesecakes for dessert.We went here last Friday so the soup of the day was clam chowder which I usually like.  Theirs was tasty but too watery, not creamy as I like it.  We were a party of 6 and I didn't hear anyone else complain so I presume everything was to their liking.I took my own advice and saved room to share a slice of fresh blueberry cheesecake which was good but definitely not outstanding.  My wife is a dessert guru and extraordinary cheesecake is in her repertoire so I am not easily impressed even with what is supposed to be among the best.  It was good but not great.Finally, my biggest complaint about this place is the lighting.  Granted I am approaching 63 and my eyesight is waning but even the (younger) others had trouble reading the micro print on the menu.  I had to use my cell phone to see it which could be somewhat embarrassing for others.  It's just an inconvenience for me.  I've eaten in darker restaurants but they all have strategically placed overhead spotlights to help the vision compromised diner like me.The CF is pretty dependable and I don't see much difference among their locations.  After all, I suppose that is the whole point of a chain eatery - consistency and predictability regardless of which one you patronize.  Their restaurants are all nicely decorated with friendly servers and like I said, seemingly endless selections of food and drink.  A fun place to go for any event or just for a tasty and satisfying meal.
5	I loved the rosemary chicken it was delicious...Anaheim Cheesecake Factory was delicious
4	Not into chain restaurants,  been to the original in Marina Del Rey, CA but enjoy coming to this location all the time.This is a couple miles from our house in the Kierland Commons area which is always nice and well kept. Certainly our late night go to restaurant since it is open late and such a nice high quality clean safe place.One of the most complete menus, the selection is almost to much to choose from the large novel. When coming in late I enjoy the "Create your Omelet". Always prepared well and the potatoes and toast is a full plate of food.The service is always outstanding and there maybe a lot of people waiting but they get you in quickly. The decor is quirky if you like being in somewhere in Egypt but it is fun. The only issue is it is too dark where you could barely read the menu. Will come back again and again not only for late night but for lunch and dinner.
1	When I'm in the dumps my wife picks me up a piece of cheesecake. The slices have gotten so small and prices so high... Won't be back. They also did not respond to complaint on Twitter. Bye bye Cheesecake Factory
5	First time at the Cheesecake Factory despite passing by it so many times.  I thought of it more as a dessert place and in my head I associated it with kids--a kid's place.  Checked it out Saturday night for dinner.  Quite crowded but we were seated within twenty minutes.  With such an extensive menu, it took us a while to figure out what we wanted.  It was difficult to read the menu as we were on the patio and the lamp overhead had a burned out bulb.  We used the small tea light on the table to shed some light on the menut. After consulting with our waitress, Kourtney A., we ordered the chicken marsala and the fried shrimp platter. In the interim, we were served warm breads with butter.  Really fresh warm bread.  The fried shrimp platter was  amazingly large .  Lots of shrimp, fries with a delicious coleslaw.  Small sauces for dipping were also provided.  I couldn't believe how tasty the shrimp were--not greasy, not too much breading.  The chicken marsala ,which was served with bow tie pasta ,was perfectly cooked and delicious. It was a generous portion-- A real winner of a dish.  We really enjoyed the service Kortney provided as well the good meals we had.  We'll be back.
3	Bartender service is supposed to be fast and attentive.  At the bar and he decided to read the paper instead of pay attention to anyone. Blah.
5	I went here for my birthday and the service and food were great! I was upset because I walked away for a moment and when I came back my boxed up food had been thrown away. However I spoke with the manager and she was extremely nice and made me a whole new meal, and it seemed like she gave me more food than I had in the first place. Definitely going back to this restaurant again.
4	I love the food at cheesecake factory. I can't go there often though because they don't have organic non chemicalized products. If they had non GMO chicken and organic salads i would be back. But because like most restaurants they use the GMO foods now, i have to prepare my own foods at home. Look up GMO. Cheesecake factory should offer a non GMO menu for people who would pay a little less for food that is healthy.
4	Miso Salmon is so good I recommend getting in a fight with your girlfriend just so you have an excuse to take her there to try it.
5	I have actually had very negative experiences at this Cheesecake Factory location in the past. I went back very hesitantly last night and I am happy to report I had a wonderful experience and good food. We sat outside by two warm heaters and had a very nice waitress who was very tolerant of my son. I wish I would have got her name because she deserves kudos on giving us excellent service. The dinner plate I got was very filling and now I have lunch for today, all for a reasonable price. I still hate their parking situation but it would not stop me from going back.
3	Loses a star right off the bat due to no wifi. Bar guy took good care of me. Said it was because they like to promote family (he guessed).  If that's the case and we are shoving family values down our throats, why not clean up the menu a bit and only serve healthy well balanced meals? Oh, and while we're at it, let's make it a little more affordable for a family to eat here rather than 15 dollars a dish? Family values also shouldn't promote drinking so close the bar too; unless that's the kind of family you come from.  Anyway, can I have the wifi password now please so I can download your app, or possibly communicate with other without my data plan being charged.  The wifi keeps our annoying kids busy so we can eat in peace.  Way to go corporate suits.  Besides that, food is good. ;-)
4	We stopped in here for Dinner and were able to get a seat right away on the patio! There are heating lamps out there so was not chilly at all. We had the crab cake appetizer and Loved it was cooked crispy and delicious. I had my favorite salad Which is the Luau Salad and is a huge portion! Haley had the club sandwich and was excellent as well.
1	I have to say, this was by far my worst experience in a restaurant. My date and I both ordered the filet (I would think one of the most expensive meals on the menu). The steaks were delicious. The potatoes came "garnished" with onion rings. I was eating an onion ring and couldn't chew it. The "onion" was the skin of the onion. I had to pull it out of my mouth (in front of my date, on New Years eve)  I let our waiter know and showed him the skin. He just danced around it and barely acknowledged my complaint. He proceeded to take our leftovers and box them up, and brought back our check. I asked him if he could accommodate me at all. He said he would grab his manager KIM. A couple minutes later Kim came to our table and asked me how my steak was. I told her it was delicious and then proceeded to let her know what had happened. She said sorry and that she would let the cooks know, in a super condescending way. She said it was a "garnish" and was glad that everything else was ok and told me to have a Happy New Year. I was shocked that she didn't offer me even a desert or to accommodate me in any way. I had to make a little more fuss about it, embarrassing me again in front of my date. She then asked me if I wanted more onions rings. What??? Why would I want more of something that I just had a bad experience with and after I already had my leftovers boxed up. She finally says, I can give you the drinks (which totaled 8.50). Any time I have ever had an incident in a restaurant, I have always been fortunate to have someone actually care about a mistake. I completely understand mistakes happen, BUT, at least own up and take accountability when they do. KIM, the manager, did not want to own up at all. I definitely wouldn't recommend this particular location at the Kierland Commons, to anyone. Kim and her waiter Alan should be ashamed of themselves for how they handled this situation. I will be contacting corporate about this as well. I'm sure they won't be happy to hear about how I was treated.
4	Great menu and good food!
5	service was great. Ive been to multiple cheese cake factory restaurants but this one had the best service. We got fried calamari appetizer that was amazing.  Their pastas are pretty good too. This time I had the shrimp and chicken jambalaya which was  a little bit spicy but really good. Overall we had a great dinner. Oh and for desert the chocolate tuxedo cheesecake was to die for.
