5	I have been there many times. At first I wasn't a big fan as I used to regularly go to Cherry back in the day. I wasn't huge on the rock music at first. I like going to places that play rap/hip hop. Recently, the club has changed a lot where they are playing all hip hop, which is great.  Most places in Scottsdale or anywhere else don't play the music I like. Its a good environment to be in. While I certainly respect the opinions of others, I happen to like this place a lot as it is different from a lot of other places out there. Check it out and see for yourself.
1	hahahahahahaha. hahah. ha.we were offered 4 free drink tickets from some guy in the street while we were out and about that night....and like any self respecting women, we fully accepted this payment method. i *guess* we could make arrangements to squeeze in an appearance. after taking one look around at the San Jose-esque crowd and the filthy floors and gross dudes using their iphones to film the go-go dancers, the conversation was like:'let's get our drinks and leave''chug' so we were in and out in about 5 minutes, and as we left we scurried past the guy who paid us in drink tickets.
3	I grew up going to this place. The name may change but it all seems the same to me. Just different color decor from red to now blue. I recently went here on a Saturday night with the guys and got exactly what I expected. That is not a bad thing, I wanted to get my drink on, go dance it up on the dance floor and do it all on Mill Ave and this place meets all those requirements. Something about having the radio DJ's broadcasting live from a club always attracts me.  At least on Saturday night, they brought the crowd and the music was good. Drinks are priced like you would expect at a club. You can complain all you want about being over priced but they cost the same everywhere. A club on Mill must be expensive to operate so just be happy you don't have to go to Scottsdale and enjoy!
3	Once upon a time, I actually stopped for a moment to hear out a Mill Ave promoter..."Come in! It's only five dollars" shouts the peddler. I let out a hearty laugh. A cover on a Sunday night? Not I. After taking a glance at the hotties I had traveled with, the doormen obliged, and we were whisked to the second floor, feeling thirsty and excited.We reached the summit of the staircase, with jaws held agape. This place was a ghost town. Should we leave and try to salvage our Sunday elsewhere? No, that's too risky, other bars could already be closed. So we stand in the empty lobby for a good 20 minutes, before the ladies settle for some bottle service at a table. You DO know, that's the only way to get a seat here, right? Totally. fucking. worth it. $40 lands a bottle of Strawberry Andre and a fifth of Skyy. A steal by club standards. It came complete with carafes of cranberry and pineapple-orange. My oh my, was this pretty nice. The promoter, who was equally worried about having fun himself (I like workers this genuine!) threw us some offers we couldn't refuse. I may soon be back.Atmosphere is sparse, and it could use a little upkeep. Also, there's a pole at every table, so women are apt to play stripper. They can be so trashy, yet i can't look away...And many drinks were had, and many skanks were laughed at. The end.
1	Fellow Yelpers! If you find yourself on Mill Avenue and glance upon School of Rock, just walk on by. I've been here twice thus far and while the environment is great and the drinks are cheap none of us should have to pay cover to be treated like dirt. First time I was at School of Rock a fight broke out and security was not to be found. They were probably busy pestering people in the bathrooms or comparing their pecs. Who knows!Second time I went to School of Rock security WAS found. As soon as I closed my tab I was promptly escorted out with no reason given. Even though I paid $14 dollars to get in and just dropped a $50 tab as soon as the money stopped rolling in they had no reason to keep me around so they gave me the boot. By the way, this is an electronic show with a few dozen 18 year olds on dope but security has nothing better to do but boot the single white male who just closed his tab. In short, great ambiance, great music but I work 40-50 hours a week. If I'm going to devote time and money to a business I want to be treated like a customer, not a nuisance. And for that reason eff this place and the d-bags that run it.Scooch over Zuma, the worst bar on mill crown is being passed to School of Rock. Wear it with pride for the next few months you're in business.ETA: Their liquor selection blows, too.
1	Totally racist people working the door.  If you look too ethnic don't bother going they won't let u in the door.  Never support discrimination.
2	Ok so, coming from Virginia Tech, we don't have any nightclubs with go-go dancers, poles everywhere and a massive stage for DJs to scratch so this place was an eyeopener when I walked in.First, I didn't really like the $5 cover. Call me cheap, but not sure if it was really worth it. The music was good and the beers I got were semi-cheap, but the place was too packed to move, and trying to dance on the floor was mostly an elbow fest with creepy guys trying to just get right up on girls and grind. I felt bad for most of the women on the floor, clearly they did NOT want guys to just come up from behind and play it off. Unfortunately, none of the guys stalking the floor could tell. I myself just danced to the music, but after a few elbows in the ribs I dipped. Not sure if I would go back again, as I could put the $5 to more drinks and not a cover. The music was good that's for sure, but the congested floor and sausage fest was not my thing at all. Pass!
1	So many things wrong with this place, let's start with what you experience when you enter the club. One of the first things you'll notice will be a group of security guards standing around bs'ing with each other. That's pretty much all you'll see them do, however on occassion, they'll hit on some of the female customers, or even have the audacity to ask people for drugs (I'm not even kidding, I saw this happen SEVERAL times...and it was not to "bust" anyone, it was clearly for their personal consumption). The worst part is when they choose to get aggressive with a customer and drag them out to the street where they continue their assault until the Tempe PD show up and take over. Now don't get me wrong, I want security to handle unruly patrons when it's necessary, but these guys are so bored out of their minds that I'd venture an estimate that 75% of the time, their actions are completely unwarranted. Plain and simple, neither myself nor my friends felt even remotely safe. The line moves slowly, but once you get inside you can see that this place hasn't been properly cleaned in years. Check out the inch of filth on the drumset at the top of the stairs. Disgusting. The decor is equally gross, from the holes in the walls, to the horrible paintings, to the lack of any baseboards or trim at the bottom of the walls. Bathrooms are vile, of course I've only been in the men's room, but they usually have at least one urinal that's "out of service", they never have any paper towels, you're lucky if one of the dispensers has any soap in it, and there's usually a bathroom attendant burning some nasty incense to try and mask the stench. Back in the main room, the bartenders are average, clearly any females there are hired more for their bra size than their ability to do their job. The only highlight behind the bar is a guy named Kenny, dude was hilarious and the only employee with a smile on his face (how anyone could remain positive working in this environment is beyond me). The cocktail server we had in the VIP overcharged us for a bottle, and my friend thinks that she swiped a hundred dollar bill from his pocket while she was groping him in an attempt to get a bigger tip. The DJ was some clown from 101.5 with an overblown ego, and was probably largely responsible for the predominantly ghetto crowd on the weekends. Soundsystem was a joke, you could hear the blown speakers rattling in the cabinets, and the jackass in the utility belt on a power trip who was "running" it clearly has no clue what he's doing. I couldn't tell if this dork was their sound guy, a security guard, or a janitor since he seemed to be doing all three, the whole time making sure to be rude to customers and displaying a terrible attitude problem. Any positive reviews on this place were clearly written by people who work for the venue, do yourself, your friends, and your wallet a favor, AVOID THIS DUMP LIKE THE PLAGUE!
1	Aggressive, mixed club. Don't bother unless you are looking for trouble. I would not want anyone that I cared about at this club.
1	No.
1	You know you have to leave one star for an establishment when you get into an argument with a bouncer and the general manager. "Five dollar cover charge." *hands debit chard*"Cash only. There's an ATM upstairs.""Uh, nevermind then."They wouldn't give back my ID, and I honestly lost it. They said something about possession of property and threatened to call the police for theft... because the ID is THEIR property now, and giving it back to me would be considered theft on my part... and they'd have me arrested. I laughed and exploded all at the same time. So, don't go here. I don't know why I thought Mill Ave. would be a good idea to begin with. Never again.
1	Is this real life?I'm not sure who would actually pay a cover to get into this place.  I don't even know how to describe it.  The fifteen minutes I spent here felt like an eternity & I never want to repeat the experience again.I get that it's Mill Avenue & I'm sure these places get really beat up.  But it was beat up.  Everything was sticky.  Sticky like it hadn't been cleaned in days.  The only other people in the place looked like they were still in high school.  One was wearing an invader zim backpack.  There isn't a dress code here.The poor bartender looked depressed.  I would be too.  Never again.
1	Went on Saturday night at about 11.  Dead.  The place did pick up about 12:30am, but by then we had been an hour just drinking and wondering if anyone else was planning on coming out.The drinks were pretty good, Patron was on special on this particular night and they were poured relatively well, as long as it was simple.  Even this plus wasn't to last, though, as my friend ended up getting stuck with a joke of a Long Island though (vodka + sweet and sour mix) and my other friend's card that she opened a tab with was "lost" by the bartender.The stripper poles did provide for some amusing entertainment through the night, but the cover was not work coming in to watch thugs on the dacefloor, hoes on the poles and deal.with a staff that was unwilling to even entertain basic suggestions on how to improve their practices.I came, I saw, I would steer anyone away to head to one of the bars, much better atmosphere and service, club in Scottsdale.
4	I might be biased, but Ryan the bartender is a great asset to this bar. Great service.
1	As many people have mentioned, there's a cover charge. That's the first problem. This place doesn't warrant one.I went with a group of about 25 people, and when we got inside the place was empty but for one group of guys in a booth. Since there were so many of us, we just started dancing without worrying about how dead the place seemed. The poles provided a lot of funny moments.But then the trouble started. One of my contact lenses was really dried out and had been giving my right eye trouble all night. I asked one of the bouncers stationed outside the bathroom if anyone working at the club had eye drops or contact solution (knowing that the answer would be 'no,' but hoping anyway). They didn't have any, so I went to the bathroom and tried to take it out. If anyone reading this has contacts, you know what happens when they're super dry. They stick to your eye. So my contact was stuck, I had no case to put it in if I did get it out, so I splashed some water in my eye and gave up. When I left the bathroom, I had my right eye squinted shut because the lense was so uncomfortable. My right eye is my dominant one, so seeing was a bit difficult. And that's when the bouncer kicked me out."You need to go home.""What?" I was taken aback."You're stumbling too much.""My contacts are dried out. I already said-""No. You're drunk. Let's go.""I need to get my stuff-"But he and another bouncer just started shoving me. First of all, I am a 5'7", 120 lb female. It does not require two grown men shoving me along to remove me from an establishment. I wasn't even given the opportunity to go get my purse, which I'd left with my friends. The bouncers kept shoving and I was just able to shout to one of my group in passing that I was being thrown out and needed her to bring me my things before I walked home in tears.Thanks for the great night, School of Rock.
1	I've come here a few times, but this last time was probably the last time.  A small group of us went, paid cover, walked in, squeezed through the crowd to the bar, ordered drinks, as i'm waiting for my drink i keep getting smacked with some sweaty chicks hair like she's the only bitch in the place.  She's lucky i didn't have scissors in my purse.  We found a place to "stand" which was probably available because it was next to a trash.  It took about 10 minutes of watching the worst train wreck of my life for us all to decide to chug our drinks and GTFO.
2	Not the best place to go, but not the worse. The music was on point throughout the night, nothing but the latest in Hip-Hop and House music. The bartenders by the main dance floor sucked, but the the others in the side-room were awesome! If your looking for somewhere to get your grind on, def put this on your list. But make sure to uncheck service and cleanliness.
2	The inside is amazing!!!! @#$%& them for their cover, and not having an ATM or a situationlike Vintage where they escort you to the bartender. They serve em up strong here though. Definitely a place to get messed up at. Especially if you are on the Molly.  Their demographic Is ghetto, wanna feel, be, try, and get ghetto. We call this place the School of Cock. For a reason.
1	When I think of this place or anyone so much as mentions the name my face cringes.  If anyone really knows me they know my face will tell you a whole story and some.  I do NOT see why people would want to pay to come in here unless they are a ratchet not fancy broad or a ratchet creeper that likes to ogle the strippers(they basically are they get money stuffed in their panties they just don't take off their tops).We had gone last night to go meet up with some people and mind you I am 98% of the time if not 99.9% of the time DD(for any of you that don't know that abbreviation I feel very sorry for you, but it means Designated Driver)(Not out of pure choice to be its just what it is for 5 years and a tolerance that has plummeted to its grave);  So since I had to go in which when I know I have to drive there I normally try to find a way out of not going in there per se,  but my spidey senses were not working last night and didn't necessarily think anything crazy would happen but of course like I said, senses were totally off!4 Fat Ratchet Fancy dancin a** broads (that think they are the S**T as usual) bump into me rudely and fling their fat little sausage fingers in my face and push my chest so they can make their way into the crowd.  Also thinking that I am a push over.  Little do they know I bite(not literally) I just do not stand for that what so ever.  Those days of being a push over are long gone.  I pushed right back ready for whatever was going to happen next.  They all just looked at me like oh wait this B*** doesn't play and I don't.  Getting 4 drinks spilled on me because they want to make a statement to get through is disturbing and NOT fancy.  School of rock should not be allowed to play "FANCY" by iggy azalea anymore because this place is as Ratchet as a club comes.I hate this place and I do not say that often but I severely do.OH and big FYI: There is always a cover and that is another mind boggling statement because literally who in there right mind wants to PAY to get into this ratchet mess.
1	Went there last Friday, was there for fifteen minutes and security kicked us out for putting a drink on the stage. They didn't tell us anything we just got kicked out like that for something so stupid. The place is ghetto and the music sucks.
1	Had very bad experience here. They hustle you for money. It was supposed to be $5 each person. One of us gave them a 20 dollar bill for 4 of us. But the person at the entrance denied this and made us pay another extra 10.
4	Wow what's with the one stars? Anyways, I had a great time here, nothing like old town Scottsdale but for Mill Ave it's not a bad place at all! I came in here with a date and the music was spot on, great hip hop all night long. A good thing too was that the bartenders at the bar on the opposite side of the wall dividing the dance floor were nice and friendly and not rude like at most places on Mill. The dance floor is also HUGE here, so lots of room to dance which is also a major plus on Mill since places usually have small dance floors. The strippers do their thing, and guys will watch, but if you want to dance - there is a place for you here!I think maybe if I came with my friends it would have been a less than experience? But because I went with a date, we had each other to dance with? I don't know, but we both loved it! Gringos, El Hefe and Vintage were playing shit EDM so we came here and were happy all night. For context, we came here on a Friday night and the cover charge was $5 for men and women.
1	How does a place like this stay in business. My girlfriend went out for a ladies night and got her phone stolen. Then was physically assaulted twice in front of security. Fuck that, and fuck the owners.
1	There might be radio station DJ's and personalities here every weekend but don't be fooled by the hype! I can honestly say that I haven't had one good experience here at this club. This place was once Club Level back in my teenager days and they re-opened as School of Rock, I wanted to check it out for myself since I heard a lot about it on the local hip hop stations. My every experience has been abysmal to say the least.The club always feels like the A/C is turned off and the fact that it gets so cluttered on the dance floor means you'll feel like you ran for miles. You're guaranteed to be covered in sweat in just a few minutes. There's also literally no room in the club so you'll probably spill half your drink on your way down the stairs to the floor. The bartending service is also terrible! I stood several times on the left hand side of the club's bar begging for a drink from one of the female bartenders. She literally served everyone around me including those who literally walked up for 15 minutes and took no time to acknowledge me! I had to wave down the guy next to her on the side of the bar just to get a beer. Even then, the experience is ruined by the price of the drinks and the fact that you get served with plastic Dixie cups for certain things. That's no fault to the bartenders but you can't expect them to be successful with those types of tools! It just makes the place seem dingy.What has to be the worst part of all of this is that they decide to charge a cover for this experience. I could understand if you had celebrities come through to perform but to charge for this on any other night is just robbery. Unfortunately this is one of the only remaining places that plays hip hop music and anything else beyond EDM so it's a shame that I could not write anything positive about this place.
1	Good: the music. Bad: hot. crowded. pricey covers. beyond-ghetto clientele. dirty. I have given this club plenty of chances but I have yet to change my mind about it.
