5	I had the pleasure of partnering with Maggie on a special kids cooking class on a Saturday morning.  She is an exceptional cook as well as professional businesswoman.  Her culinary experience, creative flair and delightful personality makes her a pleasure to work with and will certainly lead to much success for Whisked Away... and what a fun name.  We should all be so lucky as to be Whisked Away with Maggie.  Kudos!
5	My sister and I gave a Whisked Away cooking class as a gift to our mom, step-mom and 4 stepsisters for Christmas. On December 26, Maggie opened her home (and business) to us and taught us to cook with pumpkin! There were chairs set up in classroom style on the living room side of the kitchen pass-through with vintage fabric aprons draped over the back. We brought a couple of bottles of wine to enjoy and poured ourselves a glass as we took our seats. Maggie introduced herself, and her mother who was visiting for the holidays, and got to work reviewing the recipes and offering up tips for cutting onions, getting the smell of garlic off your hands and answering questions along the way. When it was our turn, we donned our aprons and entered the kitchen. While it did strike me as unusual to have a cooking class in someone's home, I must say, the familiarity of a homey kitchen contributed to a more relaxed and paced learning and cooking experience (I've taken classes in kitchen shops, etc. before and it had a more scattered and sterile feel). That said, the fact that I was surrounded by family -- some of the most wonderful women I know -- probably also added to that affect. With our menu complete: Black Bean and Pumpkin Soup, Green Beans with Pepitas, Pan-Seared Scallops with Pumpkin Risotto and Pumpkin Bread Pudding with Caramel Sauce, we reclaimed and refilled our wine glasses (they weren't allowed in the kitchen) and took a seat at the family's dinning room table. We enjoyed the fruits of our labor and each other's company while Maggie and her mom did the dishes. Let me tell you: It was a GREAT gift idea! Everyone loved it and there's talk of making it an annual event.
3	Wonderful classes, lots of fun, but a scheduling nightmare.Maggie is very kind and patient and an excellent instructor with creative menus and a nice venue. We had a wonderful time and learned a lot of handy tricks that we can take home to our own kitchens.However, our first class was cancelled at the last minute due to not enough people being enrolled in the class. The second time we got our own group together to avoid this problem, and after scheduling a month in advance we got an email the week before cancelling because she booked another group for the night we had reserved. In the end, the other group was able to switch and it all worked out, but it's stressful and embarrassing to get a group of friends together, change work schedules and flights to be able to make it to the class, and then have to tell everyone that the event is off.
5	We recently did a private kids class with Chef Maggie and it was wonderful. We had 9 students, all under the age of 10 (with 6 of them under 4) and the structure of the class, along with the menu, was perfect for this age group. Chef Maggie's kitchen was set up for all the students, with small aprons for them to wear.  Each received a copy of the recipes (ricotta and herb stuffed shells, homemade meatballs, garlic knots, and chocolate orange biscotti).  She did an overview of the menu with the kids, along with giving important safety and hygiene tips, and then divided our class into teams for the actual cooking. She has a ton of stools for the little ones and was able to provide lots of non-breakable kitchen bowls and prep items so they could work without worrying. As a parent that loves food and cooking, I really appreciated that the recipes were not geared towards only "child friendly" items like some other cooking programs I have researched.  I loved that recipes were classic, delicious, and accessible.   My girls love to cook and I can't wait to try the recipes again at home. After all the kiddos prepared all the recipes, they played outside in Maggie's yard and waited for everything to cook. We then all sat town to enjoy our meal. It was a great time and I would definitely recommend for children - adults too. I can't wait to get a group of girlfriends together and drink wine and enjoy an evening with Chef Maggie.
5	We set up a private cooking class for just two of us on a Monday evening.  The entire process was completed in two short emails; Maggie was quick to respond and very accommodating.  Maggie was ready and completely set up right on time.  After a few short demonstrations we were off and cooking.  The menu I selected seemed simple, but all four food items had techniques Maggie helped us through. The menu she created took us out of our cooking comfort level and had us trying new methods. Under the watchful eye of the chef, we were soon prepping, braising, baking and cooking.The food we made was great.  Each dish was flavorful and well received.  There is no doubt we will utilize the new skills to re-create the menu at a later date to impress our friends.  The entire evening was fun.  From her cooking lessons, to stories about her experiences, Maggie was as engaging as she was professional.  The event was a complete success, one that I would highly recommend to anyone.
5	Just wonderful. I went Saturday night with my wife and another couple. Maggie taught us many cooking tips that we didn't know. She was very helpful and patient and then we had a wonderful meal.I can't recommend this highly enough. A great value and the perfect date night.
5	This was a great experience for me and my family!  Chef Maggie was very professional, yet warm and personable.  Cooking in someone's house could be a little intimidating but Maggie understood that and made us feel at ease right away.  "My kitchen is your kitchen tonight" she told us, except she did all of the dishes and had everything right at hand for us!  The food we made was excellent (as I am not a good cook, I was very pleased with how everything turned out thanks to Maggie) and I actually learned some things I didn't know!  I would highly recommend Whisked Away.
5	Absolutely fabulous!  My girlfriends signed us up for a class with Maggie and it was one of the most fun birthdays I've ever had.  Despite many of us being "decent" chefs at home, we all learned new recipes, cooking tips and techniques.  After creating our masterpieces, we sat down and enjoyed a fantastic meal.  It was so much fun and I can't wait to go back and do more with Maggie - she was absolutely wonderful!  Thank you for a great time and a wonderful learning experience in your kitchen!
5	I dreamed of fragrant fresh herbs, perfectly braised pork, expert chopping techniques and many laughs with my girlfriends after our cooking class with Chef Maggie. She was a pleasure to work with in planning our girls night out and I would recommend this experience for anyone with any level of cooking experience. Chef Maggie's home/classroom/kitchen was perfect for our occassion and left me drooling over her stove/oven! This is a must for anyone interesting in taking a cooking class!
5	What an amazing experience! I was fortunate enough to be included in a girlfriend's birthday dinner recently at Whisked Away.  Over the course of three and a half hours (without feeling rushed), Maggie welcomed all eight of us, expertly demonstrated highlights from the four dishes we would be making (we had chosen the "Italian Feast"), assisted our preparations in her kitchen and left us enjoy our delicious meal in her dining room.  Can't decide what was better  - the components of the meal itself or the fun we all had in making it.  If you are looking for a special way to celebrate an occasion or simply want to advance your culinary skills in an a user friendly but expert environment, you must try Maggie's Whisked Away!
5	My in-laws gave my husband and I gift certificates to Whisked Away for Christmas (A no-brainer if you ever need ideas on a unique/fun gift!!!), and I finally got around to scheduling it for March 29.  Maggie was very responsive to emails and even though she had to reschedule due to a personal emergency, she made sure when she reschedule our meal/menu it worked for us.  As others mentioned, the class takes place in Maggie's charming home, and was not intimidating at all.  Only 3 couples signed up for our night (Delicious Duck Dinner), and one didn't even show!  Their loss - in more ways than one!  That left 4 of us to tackle:  Haricots Verts & Artichoke Salad with Hazelnut Vinaigretter, Polenta with Wild Mushrooms & Robiolo Cheese, Pan-Seared Duck Breasts with Red Wine-Raspberry Sauce and Meyer Lemon Shortcakes with Meyer Curd & Mixed Citrus.Maggie started the "class" by introducing herself and telling us about her career and background.  Then we reviewed each recipe step by step, and she would demonstrate any tricky or unique ingredients/prep (artichokes, kumquats, etc).  Since it was the four of us, she volunteered to take on a dish, and we happily obliged!  Maggie got started on the mixed citrus marmalade/sauce for the dessert, and we split the rest up from there.  She has all the measuring cups/spoons, utensils, bowls, cutting boards, knives, etc. all ready, so it makes the process a lot smoother.  She even cleans up after you as you go - which helps to not destroy her kitchen in two seconds flat.  I would consider myself a pretty good home-taught cook, but was really intrigued to learn how to prepare duck.  I even picked up some other little tips and tricks along the way, surprising but very welcomed!  She also has enough aprons for everyone, which was a very charming touch, and has since made me pull mine out more often at home! At the end, we sat down to a massive feast and had enough food to feed a small army!!!  It was late by the time we finished since we were short on cooks, but she never rushed us even though we started to feel bad it was getting so late.  She even sat down to enjoy the fruits of our labor with us and chat. You can't take the leftovers home due to Maggie's business license/regulations, so I hope she was able to use the leftovers somehow! She also allows you to BYOB - but, no drinking in the kitchen.  Safety first people!  She also gives everyone print-outs of the recipes so you can brag to people about the fancy pants meal you just made!  Overall, a great experience and I hope to go back soon.  In fact, I plan on setting up a private event with Maggie for my team off-site event at work!
