4	This place is jam packed with interesting and quirky things, it's definitely not your standard antique shop.  Don't miss the second floor!  The stair case is in the back of the shop.I wish I could remember half of the things in here, but there was just so much!  There were a few vintage cameras around the store, some knives, old lighters, a few straight razors.  I remember these because that's what I was interested in.  There were a lot of what seemed like one-of-a-kind items that would have a good place on a coffee table or book shelf.  There were several things I was interested in, I asked if they could cut me a deal for the three items, and they did.  But it was still more than I could spend, and they wouldn't budge on the offer.  Despite this, the owner was a friendly guy, as was his employee.  Prices are moderate, to high.  I don't know if you'll find any real bargains in here, but there's always a chance!I didn't have much time in Pittsburgh, but if you're in the area, this is a great place to check out!
2	This store has too much packed in to a too tiny space. I was ready to leave about ten minutes after I got here- the owner was charging $500 for a small wooden chest (old toolbox, perhaps?) that was maybe six inches tall and a foot across. My jaw DROPPED. The gallery upstairs is interesting. It's always refreshing to find neat art finds in unexpected places. Look at the Picasso lithograph upstairs. Overall, I can say I'm not coming back. It was SO OVERPRICED! He is selling panels of damaged stained glass for almost $1,000, so you can imagine how much he is charging for the "junk antiques" on the first floor.
2	There's a great selection of stuff here, but it's VASTLY overpriced, both for the market in general and the Pittsburgh market in particular.I was in last week and admired a piece that I asked about -- it apparently hadn't been priced. Despite me waiting there for an answer, there was apparently no urgency to tell me the price, so we left. What a shame....
