2	Yay!   I love to eat a variety of burritos and this Taco Bell makes them just the way I would make it if I were making 6 burritos, but they make it all in one with some magical process I can't fathom!You see, you order a Burrito Supreme.  When you begin to eat it you will be surprised to discover that it is only a Sour Cream Burrito.  How cool is that!  A sour cream burrito!But then you have another bite and Wow!  The very same Sour Cream Burrito has somehow transformed into a Lettuce Burrito!  How refreshing is that!  A Lettuce Burrito to chase a Sour Cream Burrito!  Perfect cool summer fare!But then you have another bite of this magical Burrito Supreme and Zowie!  You are now eating an Onion and Diced Tomato Burrito!  Again, how brilliant and refreshing is that!But that is not it my friends, the odyssey is far from over!  With the very next bite the Onion & Diced Tomato Burrito has vanished and you are eating a Cheese Burrito!  Not only that but there are 2 bites of this incredible Cheese Burrito!  The 1st bite is cold shredded cheese and the very next is melted cheese!  Did you follow that!  Cold shredded cheese immediately followed by melted cheese!  Obviously this Taco Bell has developed and utilized some kind of device capable of altering the thermodynamic properties of matter itself!  For use on burritos!  Truly amazing!I know, nothing else could possibly top what has already transpired with my Burrito Supreme but with the very next bite my burrito had again transformed into yet another burrito!  This time I found myself enjoying a Beef Type Meat Product Burrito!  As if all of this had not already been enough, my final 2 bites of this magical burrito were a Bean Burrito!  I kid you not!I was so awestruck and speechless at the heretofore unheard of Magical Burrito Supreme that I was not able to carry myself back into the Taco Bell to congratulate these remarkable Magical Burrito makers!  Perhaps one day I will again venture to this Taco Bell.  I had no idea that the mythical border in Taco Bell's subtle advertising campaign was that of the supernatural itself!
4	I love this place the lava taco is amazing and the carmel empenadas are a good treat.
4	(+)- doritos locos- chalupaI love chalupas so we stopped by randomly to grab a quick bite to eat. It was a weekday afternoon and the place was totally dead, only one other customer there. Decided to try the Doritos locos as well and it was good but my sauce totally overpowered any Doritos flavor.Quick, cheap, tasty meal.
1	I ordered an item that was listed for $3.69 on the menu but was rung up for $3.99 on the screen. When I advised the person taking my order about the discrepancy he firmly and rudely said that he could not change the pricing on the system which was set up by corporate.  I gently advised him that this would not be honoring the posted price and asked to speak to his manager, the gentleman advised me that he was the manager.     I drove up and spoke to 'Quenten' who had the title of "Shift Leader" on his badge.    He gave me the store number and advised me that his boss Sandy would be in on Tuesday.   When I advised him that I wanted to address this manner sooner he told me that he was only doing what he was told before he gave me the name of his district manager and we wished each other a good night. This is the first time I have ever experienced an issue at any Taco Bell Resturant and I suppose that perhaps it would be a tad lofty to think that certain individuals may care about the big picture as a drive thru employee.   However, I do find it that it is a resturant's duty to charge the posted price and/or post the correct price to prevent any misunderstandings.   In summary be on the lookout for pricing discrepancies when at this Taco Bell restaurant.
3	Hey it's Taco Bell - what do you want?  I'm giving this three stars because it's A-Ok which is Yelp's rating system.If you haven't been to a Taco Bell before then I don't know what to tell you - it's cheap imitation Mexican food with questionable quality ingredients.  It's not like you're going to take the pope here for a visit though, you're just getting some food.The staff at this location are helpful and pleasant, and that's really all I ask for.  I don't come here often, but it's true to the Taco Bell brand.
3	Last night at 11:58 i had the biggest pregnancy craving for taco bell, so we went through the drive through not realizing how long they open till...The drive through was still open and a young man took our order. Everything was fine until we were given our food with a side of attitude. The young man handed the food to us and said "Thank you SO MUCH for visiting us SO LATE" and shuts the light off in the drive through...Honestly, if I knew that they were closing in like 2 mins, I would not have ordered. I don't want any chance of people spitting in my food... Im still giving this place a 3 star for letting me order and still giving us a decent togo.  But next time, please do not serve people with a side of attitude.
