5	Chic Ink has such a great atmosphere with an amazing staff! It is so clean and modern. It's by far the nicest tattoo place I have ever seen. They have up to date everything including touch screen computers to get ideas and exact font descriptions. It's the perfect place for someone getting a first tattoo because everyone is so welcoming and talented. :)
5	Chic Ink is the CLASSIEST place to get a tattoo in AZ without a doubt! I need to start by saying WOW... Just WOW! It's in a terrific part of north Scottsdale near where I live and this is litterally the best place I have ever been to get a tattoo! I've wanted to get another tattoo for about 2 years now but did not like that fact that I had to go to questionable places in scary neighboroods to get one (and I know so many people who want to get their first, second, or even sixth tattoo that feel the exact same way as I do). THAT IS NOT THE CASE WITH Chic Ink! When I went inside for the first time I thought I was in a Spa! Once inside I was greeted by a lovely young lady at the reception desk who offered me water, coffee (EVEN WINE!). Then immediately noticed the touch screens they have to the left which I learned were there for me to help design my own custom tattoo (in case I wasn't already sure what I wanted). Once in the back my jaw just dropped because I was used to dirty tattoo parlors, ripped chairs, etc. but this place PUTS EVERY OTHER BODY ART PLACE TO SHAME! The level of clenliness, details, beauty, cobblestone floors, and relaxing environment (as much as possilbe when getting a tattoo at least) far exceeded my expectations. I seriously can't believe this is the first high end tattoo business to treat their clients to a first class experience. This is the ONLY PLACE I will ever get my tattoos from EVER! I am RECOMMENDING TO EVERYONE WHO WANTS A SPA LIKE, CLASSY EXPERIENCE WHEN GETTING A TATTOO!!!
5	Great atmosphere. Heather and staff ensure you feel comfortable with every step during the process. Had Aaron do my actual tattoo and it turned out much better than expected. 10/10 would recommend anyone to come in and get work done.
5	I had Aaron tattoo a hummingbird on my ankle.  It looks fantastic!!!  Aaron, Sarah, and Heather were all very pleasant and professional.  I would highly recommendChic Ink Boutique to anyone who wants a great quality tattoo.
