5	Great old school barber shop.
5	Hi-Rollers is an old school barber shop with wild rockabilly flavor. This shop has a beautiful interior (all the artwork on the walls rule) and the barbers are awesome. Martin, the owner, is a great man and has been cutting my hair for a about a year now, and I love to go see him. He just opened his own business and he deserves to do well. He is passionate about being a barber and is friendly as hell. I haven't actually been cut by any of the other barbers but they are very friendly. Martin always gives me a clean haircut and today I splurged on a traditional, hot towel/hot lather straight razor shave. Incredible. All in all-go to this shop. Good cuts, good atmosphere, good conversation, good people. And if you are of age, you may get offered a complimentary beer!
5	Had a great experience here. The guys were great, complimentary drink and they stayed open for people with appointments.The shop has a great feeling to it with TV, magazines and ambiance to keep your entertained while waiting.
5	The best barbershop & shave in town.Cool place to hang for a guy that likes PBR and shooting the s... Martin the owner takes appointments and cuts a mean pomp or old school haircut. I don't plan on going anywhere else in Vegas.
5	I have a number of friends who have been going here for awhile. I don't know why I wasted my time going elsewhere. I finally visited today for the first time and Martin was awesome. Welcomed immediately when I entered and even offered a beer. I would have taken them up on it but I was on my lunch break. I didn't have an appt. so I had a little wait but not a problem, cool atmosphere inside the shop with a couple movies on the TVs and plenty of magazines to check out while passing the time.Martin was great and I think it's probably the best haircut I've had. I look forward to coming back again and again. I'm done messing with any other place. They have a cool spot and treat their customers right.
5	So I followed the Brad the Barber to this spot and I cannot give it enough praise. I am about to move out of Las Vegas and one of the things I will miss is....THIS barber shop.Brad's my go-to guy but all of the barbers are definitely on point. Vibe is great and it has the sort of hang out feel where everyone just shoots the s*** while getting their hair cut.With Brad, I have always told him to do his thing and he never fails. I used to go to the salons and pay ridiculous prices to get my hair cut by a woman who has never had men's hair. What a waste and I'm glad I made the wise decision to start coming here.If my word isn't enough let me tell you this; I've told about 5 other guys about this spot and they ALL have now become regulars with Brad. He is super personable and his haircuts are the best I've ever had. GO HERE and if you regret it, come to this post and tell me I was wrong, but I won't be.***Oh and Bryce Harper gets his haircut so that's just a cool fun fact for ya ; )
5	If you have seen my review on Sports clips... Then you know why I went here. First off you walk in and you instantly like the place. Greeted while I was walking in. Waiting area is close to the barbers... So you can see how well they work and what a good job they do. I have been there 3 times now.If you are coming in to closing time you should call ahead to see if there is a wait. If it is packed they will close the doors so they don't have to rush the cuts.
5	You simply cannot find a better cut and experience for the money in Las Vegas. Its simply impossible. Get a real men's haircut, have a drink and relax! What more can you ask for? Also the ratio of price to quality makes it an incredibly good value. This is my regular place, and will remain so for many years to come!
5	Was in Vegas last week and was in dire need of a haircut. Walked around a few shops on the strip and everything was either way overpriced (salons) or took themselves way too seriously (the over-saturated Art of Shaving type places, that by the way, are also overpriced). So I did a quick internet search, took a $20 cab ride off the strip and found this gem of a spot. Right when I walked through the door, I saw that this was exactly what I wanted in a barber shop (and am still searching for in my hometown, Toronto). The guys look the part - beards, 'staches, tattoos (that don't suck) and awesome cuts. They spent the better half of my time there poking fun at each other which was amazing and everyone in the place was clearly having a good time. And the best part - I got possibly the best cut I've ever had, for a whopping $15. So in conclusion. Jump in a cab, get off the strip for an hour and get yourself a real haircut. The money you spend on cabs, plus the cut will still be less than what you'll pay to get your hair botched by some Aveda-trained "barber", plus you'll have a great time and a story to tell.
5	We just moved back to Vegas after a 5 year hiatus away.. We were looking for a reasonable priced barber shop. I live with the cheapest person on earth when it comes to himself... and I found this barber shop on yelp with 5 stars.. So I thought why not..Off we went. Now you have to understand the man who needs this haircut is 67 years old, has no tats, is extremely conservative yet open to checking things out.. so when we walked in and there were 5 guys waiting and each of them had a variety of tats and different types of haircuts.. He said.. what the heck.. this place has a great vibe, lets see what they can do.. He checked out the barbers and really liked what Brad seemed to be.. we sat a while (45 minutes actually, which isn't easy for him to do so he must of really liked the vibe).This place is like the old fashion barber shops but with a twist!When it was his turn, Brad was available so he sat in Brad's chair. Within minutes they were talking and chatting up a storm.. As much as Brad's appointment before was all pimped out, he took the time with K and gave him a really nice "conservative" hair cut, trimmed his beard and even gave him a senior discount.. K was happy, and so was I. (Which isn't an easy thing to do!!!)This is for all the conservative men out there that are sometimes put off by unconventional places... Don't be put off by the alternative feel of the place, this place really "rocks" even for seniors without tats... lol...
5	Gotta big up local DJ Maybelline for puttin' me up on this dope Rockabilly steeze barbershop that I drive clear across town for. I've been through my fair share of barbers locally not to mention in my lifetime and these cats are among the coolest, most on point dudes to get your hair done did. So while I may work in a kitchen, I have a great deal of respect for these dudes who like me are on their feet for 7+ hours all day, working with real sharp devices all while trash talking/carrying a conversation. Have you ever been to a barber (or salon) and you were just in and out thinking to yourself: "damn that was fast" or, "done already?" Well that's not the case with these dudes. They don't rush in other words, THEY TAKE THEIR TIME. Who the fu*k really does that nowadays? They do. No crazy designs. No half azz cuts. No BS. Just straight up nice tapers fades or probably whatever you want for that matter. I simply wish they had a location closer to me in the Southeast. PBRs are back so you can sip and get a little morning head change while waiting on one of the barbers if last nite drunken revelry wasn't enough to do you in. Straight razor finish always makes you feel like a million bucks and always makes my fu*kin' day. As of about a month ago (7.20.13) they added another barber so things can run more smoothly and you aren't waiting 2-4 hours to get chopped.. Well I'm lyin'.. depending on who you want to do you up the wait still might be 2-4 hrs. I almost dread giving this spot 5 stars on the count of creating more traffic and waiting over 4 hours *gasp*! I kid. Bottomline, these cats deserve all the men's cuts that there is to offer in Vegas.
5	Love it! Was looking for an old school barbershop to take my toddler to. They were great with him and gave him the tightest fade and a great rockabilly haircut. The decor is between old school barbershop and a tattoo shop which is cool and they also do hot towel treaents which is awesome. And the haircuts are only $15!! I've gone to hair salons trying to getting son an old school rockabilly cut and paid $50 and didn't get the results that I got here. I'd highly recommend this barbershop.
5	I love this place! It's got an old school feel and you could be sure you're going to be walking out with a quality cut.
4	Called to make an appointment for my fiance and they informed me they no longer make appointments due to the high volume of customers. No biggie, we took our chances and headed down there fairly early and there was already a few people waiting. I think we were there for about 1 1/2 hours total which was o.k. with me since the line grew increasingly long after only 30 minutes. The cut my fiance received was really good. He has had better cuts but we will definitely be returning. The end product is definitely worth the wait.
5	Want a barber like it's 1959? Put your money on Hi-Rollers. I haven't done any other shops in the valley but if I were a bettin' man I'd call Martin's shop one of the best--to be fair probably one of the only--traditional shops in a 250-Mike radius. True to form Hi-Rollers won't take appointments so don't ask. Bein' the only game in town it's popular so get there early--I got there 10 minutes early but three other guys got there before me. And don't go if you're in any sort of rush. These guys are proud and invest themselves in their work to maintain their reputations. It works if you consider people will let others go before them if only to get in a specific chair. And the religious go weekly for a tune-up. But good things come to those who wait. If you want to look like you went to the Kennedy administration to get your top chopped then go to Hi-Rollers. Sure you'll wait but not as long as it would take to go back half a century for your coif.
5	Got the best haircut at today at Hi-Rollers! Highly recommend! The barbers there are the best and friendly.
5	Stopped in on my lunch hour and was able to get it within 45 mins, the decor is awesome and the guys working make the wait seem short. I really enjoyed it and will become a regular customer. My barber took his time and made sure my cut was perfect and what I wanted. Price was excellent for the amout of effort and time spent
2	Wasn't really satisfied from that haircut, take long time, and the results are not more then ok. For 19$ I've got better haircuts..
5	This is the best barber shop I've ever been to. -Try not to let them know they are undercharging, don't want the prices to become like everyone else's.
4	After coming here for the past 2 years, while I love their vibe, I gotta knoc'kem down a bit after receiving a handfull of average cuts including mid-fade that became a high-fade + undercut all wrapped into one. What can you do? Can't really complain about any mistakes that are on the floor at that point. Also prices have gone up to $19. Admittedly while I go to higher end Elliot & Co. from time to time on my side of town (Southeast) its because its near and convenient for me. Hi-Rollers, not so much. I feel with the combination of the wait, drive and price point its pushed me to look deeper for a great barber such as high rollers on my side of town. Love that they've been getting some shine with their appearances on Pawn Stars (the Old Man gets chopped there) and Counting Cars. These dudes are still among the best if you're in the area and still one of my top 2 choices to get chopped, but will be now looking for a 3rd closer to my neighborhood.
5	Went with my boyfriend on a Thursday. We drove straight in from California. We waited about 20 minutes for him to get a haircut. Not too bad. The guys were very nice and friendly. Offered us a monster while we waited. My boyfriend enjoyed every minute of the haircut. His cut is very simple because he likes to get a 1 all the way around but it was one of the best fades he gotten. Job well done. I'm sure next time we are back in town he will get another cut and maybe even a shave.
3	I tried for three weeks to get my hair cut here.  I'd heard nothing but great things, firstly word-of-mouth and then here on Yelp.The first week, my two days off work co-incided with their closed days (Sun & Mon).  The following week my days off were Mon & Tue, so on Tuesday I show up to find that they're also closed the first Tuesday of the month (wtf?).  So great, the next week I finally get to go on a day they're actually open.  I show up and there's 18 guys already in line in front of me.  Rather than wait at least a couple hours, I gave up and went elsewhere.Okay, you guys clearly have a successful business.  Congratulations, really.  But unless you look at either expanding your staff or extending your hours or days open, you're just going to plateau your customer base and deter new customers like me.The place I ended up going to instead also had four barbers on staff (I think), but staggered shifts so that they could open seven days a week and with 'Vegas hours', i.e. til like 10/11pm.  So it can be done!
1	The barber ruined my hair. Cuts hair unevenly. They get distracted watching tv and talking with each other leaving the customer unattended.
3	I'll start by saying I didn't end up getting my haircut here. When I arrived there were 4 barbers with customers, and 6 more ahead of me to get cuts. Totally reasonable wait for a good cut. But after awhile I noticed something. All 4 barbers had variations of the same haircut themselves and they were giving all their clients pretty much exactly the same cut. Part on the side, hair slicked back, big pompadour. Part on the side, hair slicked back, big pompadour. Not good look for me. If it had been I might have stayed, because they were good at it, but after seeing that many cuts I doubted their ability to do anything else. By this time I was next up. I decided to exit. It just wasn't worth it. I ended up at Gerardo's and am happy with the cut I got there.
5	After reading reviews on yelp I decided to drive over when I was in town a couple weeks ago. After reading reviews I expected a wait and possibly a line out the door especially being it was a Friday around noon. Place was packed but I was able to grab a seat, wait was around 2 hours but everyone in the shop was talking with each other so the time passed fast. Pulp fiction was the movie. Teddy gave me a 1 clip razor fade and lined me up with the straight razor. Best haircut I have had in a long time. Definitely will return.
5	A $50 haircut for $19!  These guys really take their time to give you a professional cut.  Ask for Chris,  he is an absolute artist with the scissors although all the barbers at the shop are talented.  When you walk through the door at High Rollers expect a trip back in time to when going to the barber shop was a relaxing experience.  The hot towel at the end will say it all. ENJOY!
5	I fucking love hi rollers ! Martin save my head ! as soon of I get there everybody be super nice and I get a really nice haircut ! Shop is a town shop 4 guys working hard and I love that be on that way ! I can't believe the guys don't have more good reviews plus that is just $19 I will super recommend that place !
5	It's worth the wait. Get here early. Don't be a dBag and this place will soon become your home away from home.Always offering their customers frosty beverages and great attitudes. The kind of Personalities you won't find from any "stylists"
5	Yes you'll wait anywhere between 30 minutes to 2 hours for a chair depending on day and time, but it is well worth it. This is a barbershop, a place for gentleman to go and relax for a few hours. If there is a wait just spark up a conversation with someone or mess around on your cell phone, but don't come on Yelp and compain about it. If you want a quick cut then get a hack job at a chain hair place.I've been a few times now and both times i received a great cut from two different barbers. Each barber here has their own style but all do a great job. I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a legit barber shop. They also stock Layrite and Suavecito for dirt cheap.
5	This ain't Super Cuts, thank god for that. Yes, you will wait anywhere from 30 minutes to a couple hours, but it's well worth it, and like me if you get their early some days you won't have to wait that long at all.Chis cut my hair, and he's not just a Barber he's a Master Craftsman at what he does, and I'm thankful for the incredible job he does too. But to be honest all the guys here do an OUTSTANDING JOB and seem to love what it is that they're doing, so you can't go wrong with whomever cuts your hair.These guy definitely earned their title of "Best of Vegas 2014," so this is just another reason to check the joint out, plus for $19 bucks how can you go wrong? Did I mention this place has been here since the 50's too?See you again in four weeks.
4	These guys are great. They know what they're doing, all of them. They are hilarious, as well, so it makes for a entertainment filled session. Martin loves Johnny Depp. The price is right and you can swing by the Huntridge Tavern for a few brews with April.
5	growing up I had a one barber who knew me for many years and being new to Las Vegas I was looking for a similar situation where I can say "I have a barber that I go to"  after reading the reviews I decided to check them out.  was greeted at the door! there was a considerable wait time as they were busy.  I enjoyed the wait however, watching them work and seeing what they can do, the conversations were hilarious.  I had a feeling of male bonding akin to my childhood experiences.   I was not sure what kind of haircut i wanted and simply told them what I was thinking and they hooked me up with a fresh cut, and cleaned me up with hot lather and straight razor shave.  Cash only!  I will be returning for my future haircuts.
5	Cannot recommend this place enough!!!The cuts are amazing, the barbers are legends and the barbershop has the coolest shit everywhere. We got there at midday and there was already about 8 boys waiting for cuts (this is how you know it's good). All the barbers greet you and tell you it might be a bit of a wait but feel free to stick around....and so glad we did. We had 6 of us the day of my wedding for some fresh cuts. The whole time you feel included in their banter and jokes, there's good music playing and it doesn't even feel like you're waiting. The cuts turned out amazing, they take time as they are all perfectionists, I couldn't believe the skill and precision they all had. My barber did mine on the house as a wedding gift....I was absolutely speechless....but their service didn't stop there. As we had so many of us we'd been there for longer than we'd planned and I had to be back at my hotel in an hour for wedding photos. I called a cab and it was going to be at least an hour.....I am stressing...I'm going to be late to my wedding...Then one of the barbers offers to drop us back to our hotel to make sure we're not late. I couldn't believe it....he literally saved my life....and my wedding day...and my wife loved the fresh cut.You boys are amazing, thanks so much and I will always recommend you to anyone I know going to Las Vegas.
5	3 hours to get in my seat!!! Who does that?I did and for a few reasons. First, right when I walked in I was greeted by a few of the barbers. Customer service is what I care about most and that's what tons of businesses lack.Second, it was 7 minutes after they opened and of was the 10th person waiting. You never see that at super cuts. Sure I could have walked in there and been done in 10 minutes but two weeks later I would have been here to have them fix it.Third, did they talk a lot? Yeah. Was their commentary on Lords of Dogtown, Dogtown and Z Boys and Bones Brigade while they cut hair? Of course. Inside jokes and messing with each other as they cut? Yep. So, why didn't this bother me? Easy, because this meant there was community and they did this not just to take my money in a business transaction but to provide me with a service they love.Last, Martin asked what I wanted, gave me tips and explained to me along the way what he was doing. He was helpful and wanted the best cut for me. Not to mention at $19 you're saving way more money than you'll pay at any other name brand cookie cutter, hair cut of the month salon. Get here early. Wait your turn. Enjoy the atmosphere. Get a killer cut. Recommend a friend.
5	A real barbershop. Fun, friendly staff with mad skill. I walked in not knowing what to expect, and left with one off the best cuts I've ever had. And my stomach hurts from laughing so much while I was there.
5	Great place for a classic cut, no matter your style, these gents will not let you down, worth the long wait
5	Best barber shop in vegas by far. Get my haircut there and always get hit up where I got my cut. Can't say enough good stuff about the staff, they are all great barbers, very cool cats. I would recommend this shop to anyone who enjoys getting an amazing haircut.
5	Came in Friday 10/24/14. Got there before it opened because of what I've read on previous yelp reviews. Once we got in I waited for about an hour ,but it was totally worth the wait. I got my cut by Martin. Told him what I wanted even showed him some pics and he nailed it! I've gotten several compliments since. They don't rush it . Will definitely come back soon!
5	Chris cuts my 7-year-old's hair and he does beyond a great job. He takes a long time to cut it, but the work is amazing. The wait is always sooo long and I never have time so I don't take him as much as I wish I could, but for special occasions I won't have anyone else cut my son's hair. All of the barbers there do amazing work... I highly highly recommend this place.
