5	Their service was great even though I was asking many questions and trying out about every golf club they sell knowing very well I was going to buy it online cheaper. I liked talking sports with the employees and everyone seems friendly and pays good attention to the customers needs. I have been to very bad S.A. before when its impossible to find help once you pass the front counter, but this is an exemption. If you have to visit one I suggest stopping by at this one.
3	I didn't have any issues with the service their, everyone was very helpful and courteous. My issue is their pricing, now since they had an easy return policy this is why they I gave them 3-stars instead of 2-stars. I bought a baseball bat for my 7-yr old nephew for $80.00, just right down the street at Sports Chalet the same exact same bat was $50.00. I feel if you're in the retail business, you should at least be in the ball park with pricing.
1	Worst customer service ever!! We always take our boys (we have three) to a Sports Authority to get cleats because the customer service in the shoe department is great. Well not at this location. We probably could have found what our oldest son needed but the lack of help from ANY of your employees kept that from happening. At least five of them hung out at the front of the store laughing and not helping anyone. Needless to say we left the store and headed to another to make our purchase! We will never visit this location again.
5	Since I'm about to go into a line of work requiring me to stand for long periods of time, and my flat-as-a-pancake size 14 feet start to cramp up easily, I went to sports authority to find myself some shoes that would offer some support.It was probably about an hour before closing that I got there, and the place was pretty much deserted, but I immediately noticed how clean and well organized the store was.I asked the lady at the check out for the most knowledgable sales person regarding footwear and she called over Jordan from footwear. From then on I got some amazingly good service... Jordan really knew what she was talking about, especially when it comes to people with complicated footwear needs.She helped me pick out the perfect shoes (and they weren't even nearly the most expensive shoes there) and even which insoles would be most appropriate for me.. I really love my new shoes and they have been working out great. Can't think of a single negative thing to say honestly
