4	Had an issue with the service and food here.  However, manager resolved it and I gave the place another try, and it was fresh and good.  So, if you like Papa John's then give this location a try!
3	Put in online order at 10 am for a 12 pm delivery which was confirmed as ok. It's 12:40 pizza still not here. Called and got attitude from the employee and no help no offer of discount. Will not be using them again.EDITED: The Manager did an EXCELLENT job.  Removed the charge, apologized on behalf of his employee and the situation.
3	The pizza at Papa Johns is great, however the service and reliability of this location is not. Their online ordering system confirms that you will get your pizza before their real location even opens and knows how many orders that they have for the lunch rush. If you call because your pizza is over 45 minutes late, you get attitude--maybe because others have been calling with the same problem. Use another location.EDIT: The manager, Matthew, did a great job at rectifying the situation.
1	Online Order would not work...Called in Order...New Employee, gave order 3XArrived Wrong!!!! Pizza under done, No side of marianara as ordered.Why bother Order from a cpizza hain if they cant do anything right?Ruined the whole reason for ordering a pieFor 30 bucks I can grill steaksThat is what I will do in the futurePapa Johns SUCKS!!!!!!!!
4	My first time at this location was a success.  The store was clean and bright.  The staff was friendly and efficient.  The pizza was hot and the ingredients fresh and tasty.  What puts Papa John's above other takeout pizzas is the slightly sweet sauce they use.  Just like Mama use to make!
1	Ordered 8 pizzas for my son's party at LaserQuest.  They work with Papa John's so it was very easy.  However, one of our pizzas had a long strand of hair embedded in the cheese.  When I talked to the Papa John's they apologized and said they would apply credit to the Papa John's by my house.  I just called and before I ordered I verified whether they had my credit.  The lady said no and transferred me to the manager.  The manager could've nicely said that the other restaurant wasn't authorized to give me a credit but he was a total a$$hole.  Sorry Papa John!!!  Plenty of pizza joints within a one-mile radius of me.
5	Why am I giving another pizza chain a 5 star review? Because they have a rewards program then keep earning me free pizzas that actually do taste good. I order online and every time you order papa point accumulate. It only works if you order online for the papa points. Not only do I earn points when I order but they just randomly give me enough points for a free pizza for ordering. Once over super bowl last year I did a coin toss online and guess correct so they gave me a free large 3 topping pizza then too. They also often have a promotion where when you buy a pizza online you get a free pizza on your next order.I usually always pick up my order because I feel like a lazy ass having them deliver me free food. I still give a tip as a thanks. They always open my pizza and show it to me to make sure it is right. The pizza here is good and the ingredients are fresh. the crust is tasty and goes well with the free garlic butter in each pizza box.Stay away from the chicken poppers. They are gross and taste like something you got from the cafeteria in grade school. Maybe worse.
1	Worst Papa John's in Las Vegas I ordered for delivery.  The price was ridiculous $30 for a K are one topping and 16 wings but whatever we were hungry. Ordered half bbq wings and half buffalo easy right. Okay after an hour the driver gets to the house all the wings are buffalo. Okay no big deal maybe they will give me a discount oh no that was to much to ask for mind you my 6 old son can't have buffalo but who cares. The manager called me a liar and said I never in formed her and only the distract manager could discount.  Really geez I guess we were born yesterday.  I've worked for a pizza place don't give me that then she told me to give the food back to the driver. Or pay full price since I didn't want a credit. Can I say customer service.  Needless to say will never order from this location.
1	Ordered the double pepperoni with bacon & add spicy sausage please. Where's the bacon, where's the sausage. Very Dry. Little to no cheese or sauce !!   Not Good !!My first and last pizza from Papa John's & this location.
