5	This restaurant's tough-to-spot location in a strip mall has to be the reason this great little find hasn't been reviewed yet.  In short, this place is amazing!!!  They have about 10 different $5 combos - pitas, gyro, chicken souvlaki, falafel, etc. and that also comes with fries and a soda or bottled water.  These prices are all day, not just for lunch.  If you're not that hungry, a regular gyro pita is $3 by itself or you can do double meat for $2 more.  Quality is not compromised for price here, this is as good or better than any other gyro you will find in the Valley.  I also highly recommend asking for a side of the hot sauce, it's not too spicy and has a really nice flavor.  The owner Tom is a really nice guy and he'll probably ask how you heard about his place and seems like the kind of owner who will try to remember you the next time you're in.  I highly recommend checking this place out!
4	This is a great spot to stop and get a bite to eat. The $3 Gyros are pretty much amazing. We've been going there since the restaurant opened and have always had great service. The owner is the coolest guy ever. He remembers us, and greets us with a smile every time we walk in the door.  The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the girl who runs the cash register has added $1 to our bill the last 3 times we have been there. That is also the only reason my family and I have stopped eating there. Other than that... bring an extra dollar and enjoy great service and good food!
5	We read the 1 Review and thought about taking a chance. I called to make sure that they have a "Gyro Pit/the machine".... Yes they did.... So we went to pick up some Gyros. A bakery used to be here which closed down and was replaced by this place. I was pleasantly surprised when we walked in. Clean as a whistle and decorated so Chic.... Tom, the owner was also the cook and knows is Greek/Middle Eastern cuisine. Very creative with his special. We also got the Gyros which were only $3.50. We thought for that price they would either scrimp on the quality or the quantity of the meat. Neither were sacrificed. Tom just opened this place up in Feb 2010. He delivers too. I picked up 4-6 menus to give to my neighbors. One of the best in town...
3	Very nice little spot. Friendly people in there every time I have walked in. I have only gotten the gyro. Its ok. But for 3 bucks you cant beat it.
5	I ate here after craving a beef gyro...so that is exactly what I ordered. I did the combo for $5.99, and after tax it came to $6.55. (This included fries and a drink.) I thought that was pretty awesome for dinner! My gyro was melt in your mouth good. From the first to the last bite. I wanted more. The fries were good; typical, but good with ketchup. They were nicely salted and not crispy, which is how I like them.  Back to the gyro... it was very flavorful, the meat was tender, the bread was very soft and fresh, and the tasty cucumber sauce was in perfect proportion. I enjoyed it very much. It's a cute updated little hole-in-the wall joint. A little tough to find since it's in a small strip mall on Indian School, next to Mama Mia's, but once you know its there, it's easy to get to.  I'm definitely going back for my Middle Eastern cuisine cravings...
4	Ok.. I stopped by after seeing the 5 star reviews..and peeps at work were really wanting a Gyro..it was good, but not great. It wasn't bad...but King Gyro and Chicago Gyro have a larger, meatier Gyros and (IMHO) better sauce... The Gyro special was $5.99- real good price for what you get; gyro, fries and can of soda. As mentioned in the other reviews- they have about 10 other $6 - $7 meal deals... NUTSHELL- Nice fast service, Good value for the price..I will eat here again.
4	Been meaning to check this place out for quite sometime and glad I finally did. I went for the Gyro lunch special for $5.95. It was a great beef gyro and I chose the salad instead of the fries. I also threw in a slice of Baklava for 2 bucks. The Gyro was perfect. I thought it was the perfect size for the price, great meat, perfect pita and crisp veggies. The salad was with the house dressing, which was some sort of vinaigrette. it was very good, solid little salad. I wasn't a fan of the Baklava much, but I've been spoiled by the sweet treats at Baiz Market so it's kinda not fair. The place was very clean, service perfect and quick and overall a great lunch adventure. I'll for sure be back. They have tons of goodies on the menu that looked great, and I don't recall seeing a single item on the menu over $8.
4	Hard to spot in the corner of a easy missed strip mall.  Worth searching out!  Great service and the food is really good!  The value can't be beat... Thought the owner will remind you of this value EVERY time you go in... I say if your looking for good fresh Greek try it!
5	This place is awesome!! Very clean and the food is authentic and delicious!! So fresh!!! Yummy!! The price is awesome as well! You gotta try this place!!
5	I admitedly know very little about Greek food. I like feta cheese and lamb, I hate baklava and tzatziki so take my review for what it's worth.I freakin' love this place. I love the house salad dressing, it's amazing. Seriously. I love the pita philly cheesteak hybrid thing which is amazing as well.The owner is freakin awesome and they've got bottled Mexican Coke. Can it get any better?Only downfall to this place is that they can be a tad slow here and there but you can't rush perfection.
5	I love this place. Great food and great prices. The best stuffed grape leaves I have ever had. Friendly owner and employees.
3	I'd heard many great things about this place and am especially thrilled to hear about them when it comes to a mom-n-pop place, but I was somewhat disappointed. Sadly, my disappointment could've been entirely avoided. More on this later. For now, know that the three stars is for the food, only. I'd rank service and atmosphere at -5 stars, if I could. I ordered the chicken souvlaki pita with a side salad (I think french fries are the default side.) While it wasn't bad, especially for the price, I wished the pita sandwich had a *little* more romaine and that it weren't drowning in tzatziki sauce. The salad was OK and I must admit I didn't clarify with the person at the counter, but I wouldn't call it a Greek salad, which I thought would be pretty standard in a Greek restaurant. It contained romaine, tomato, cucumber and creamy vinaigrette, but there was no sign of Greek salad staples like feta cheese or kalamata olives. The combo comes with a choice of soda in a can. So why was I disappointed? It was the shouting match that was taking place in the kitchen. From what I could tell, another customer had complained their delivery order was taking too long to arrive and the staff (probably the owner and the delivery person) had a heated (to put it mildly) discussion about it. It got so loud that other patrons and I in the dining area couldn't even hear the TV. There was plenty of profanity which doesn't bother me too much, but it could bother others, especially those with kids in tow. I was mostly offended by the fact one of the men in the kitchen boldly proclaimed an order of $15 would be a priority over a $6 order, regardless of which party had placed their order first. (I guess that explains why I had to wait 23 minutes for one combo.) Further, the woman at the counter seemingly is stuck having to take the heat when customers complain by phone and once she was brought into the shouting match, she was literally brought to tears. Ultimately, customers go to restaurants for food, relaxation, sometimes atmosphere etc. They don't go to see/hear a real-life soap opera. Getting orders out in a timely fashion, handling customer dissatisfaction, etc are operational tasks that every restaurant faces and this should have been worked out in a customer-focused way and behind closed doors...period. Customers on the dining area have no interest in hearing about the "f*****g pressure" you're under, don't want to see the staff brought to tears and certainly don't want to hear the $6 order they've placed was lower on your priority list than a $15 order. It's unprofessional, plain and simple. People have problems of their own and don't need to pay YOU to listen to YOURS. Athens Gyros: If you're reading, the good news is that improvement is entirely in your control. I hope you take advantage of it.
4	I grew up in a very ethnically diverse area and have eaten at many little places like this, where you have to walk through the kitchen to use the bathroom.  The upside is that you know they keep the kitchen clean, because it's subject to random views. They do have something like 4 tables, but this is really a place for take out or a quick lunch- it's a stretch to refer to it as a dining room. I live in Buckeye so I've eaten in, but it was always early for lunch, like half past eleven in the morning. I always make sure I leave a tip for the staff, they're friendly and accommodating.What's important is that the food is prepared correctly, is tasty, the prices are reasonable and the owner is personable.  As for an incident recounted, everybody has their moments, I know I'm not without blame for being inappropriate a few times in my life.  Maybe the thing to do here is that if you're not local and have to eat on site, bring your iPod.
5	Delicious gyros at only 3.50.cheap and good eats
5	A great place for take-out! Inexpensive and authentic! The owner is always there, friendly and inviting. This is my go to place for greek. Try it, you won't regret it.
4	Some of the best Greek food I've had in Phoenix, like everyone else said the place is pretty small and the food does take a little while to get, but it's definitely worth it. The food is great and the owner is pretty funny too. I'm definitely coming back.
5	I found this place on Yelp today. It's near my office so I decided to check it out for lunch with a friend. I got the gyro and for $3.50 I couldn't believe how big it was! I only ate half (the rest is for later) but it was delicious! I also got traditional hummus which was great. The pitas were warm and soft. I can't wait to go back and try some of the other food on the menu. We had to wait a little bit to get our food, but it is all made fresh when you order, so it is definitely worth it! The staff is friendly and the price can't be beat. I can't believe it has been here this long and I just now found out!!
5	The service was wonderful! Not to mention their food is delicious!!! Definitely coming back soon.
4	I've visited Athens a handful of times in my search for the best Gyro around the Phoenix area. While Athen's doesn't take top billing in my book, they come in at a close second or third. They make a mean gyro and you can't hardly beat the $3.50 price tag. For just two extra bucks order it with extra meat and you'll walk out for about $6 with an over filled belly! In case you're wondering - they DON'T serve those crummy gyro pre-packaged pieces. This gets shaved right from the cone.The pita is good and they could stand to change up the tatziki sauce a bit - it's a little on the runny side. Definitely a sound choice if you're close by and feeling a good quality Gyro.Quoted in the weekly Yelp newsletter 8-3-2011: http://www.yelp.com/weekly?editorial_id=XY441K1tpmDw830RFs5LBA
4	I loved this little gem of a place! I was searching for good Greek food but nothing to fancy sitdown,and I was having a serious Gyro and Baklava craving.. so I was cruising around trying to find a place to eat near my hotel. Needless to say, it was great. It was quaint, quiet, small and the owner was very nice and asked if I had any questions over the menu.When I entered the place was empty, and were greeted right away and asked if we had been there before. I got one Gyro wrap combos, an extra Gyro and Baklava which was really good.  The wraps were great, falafel with lettuce, tomato, onion, at tzaziki sauce.Combo came with  fries and drink.  My order was To-Go and was fast, food was hot and good balance of flavors.
4	This restaurant is within walking distance to the VA.  I had the greek salad with gyro meat.  It was very good.  I heard from the other customers that their Philly Cheese steak is also very good.  Their Chigaco style hot dogs are also very popular.
5	Sometimes appearances may deceive you.  It is in a strip of stores and very hard to notice.  My coworkers placed an order and they deliver.  I was blown away as to how good a Greek salad with gyro meat could taste.  Their prices are awesome and they do take a few minutes to prepare but it is fresh and prepared just for you.  My only regret is that I do not live closer or I would be here on a weekly basis.  I am a charitable person at times and will never hand money over to the unfortunate (homeless).  I saw a man that legitimately fell on hard times and was hungry.  I added to my order and the owner split the order with me for the homeless man's food.  I found it very generous of him after he told me  about how many homeless were in downtown and I couldn't feed them all.  I did my good deed that evening and tracked that man down the street and handed him some of the best food I'm sure he's had in a while.  I would recommend this place to anyone.
5	I had the falafel pita for lunch. The food came out quickly. The owner was friendly and it was delicious.
5	I have been coming to this place for about two years now. When I moved to Phoenix   I was looking for a good gyro place and I have found it . the owner is really nice, easy going kind of guy and likes to joke around with his customers and makes them feel at home. this place is kind of hard to find if you are not looking for it.the food is amazing you cant go wrong with whatever you get from the menu and the prices are great. the Greek salad dressing is homemade and is the best on a side salad or a side of fries. if you are into Mediterranean food you should definitely try this place, you would be doing you self a favor.
4	Really hard to find if you're heading east! Just turn on 9th Street and it'll be in the dingy shopping center on the west side of the street (near an "Indian" fry bread place I also want to try). Having had gyros at a different place earlier in the week, I had something to compare this to (before that, it'd been over 10 years!). These gyros are a little smaller but a lot fresher and tastier. The meat was seasoned perfectly and you could taste it through the fresh tomatoes, onions and tzatziki sauce. I don't mind a little bit of grease because that tells you the meat is fresh and roasted rather than pre-cooked and stored. It also came with really delicious french fries. The hummus was obviously in-house and came with a pita that was steamed so it was very soft and warm. I took it to go and it smelled so good, I almost snuck some on the way home! The gyro and fries came with a canned soda and was $5.99. The hummus was just under $5. A very tasty, filling meal with drink for under $13 with tax is definitely a win! Definitely surprised and sad this place wasn't packed on a Friday night around 4. I hope people are just getting take-out because this place deserves to stick around.I will be back!
2	I'm weirded out by how many great reviews this place got versus the experience I had. About the only thing I can agree with is that the owner seems like a friendly, accommodating chap. Went here for lunch today with a friend.  First thing we saw upon turning into the parking lot was a slow-moving drunkard swaying and staggering about holding a super slurper which I'm sure was full of cheap wine cut with drano. Definitely an extremely dingy mall, and in fact this little hole in the wall place wasn't much better. Chairs with ripped vinyl, for example. Grabbed a couple of menus and sat down. We were asked what we wanted to drink. The drinks turned out to be cans in a fridge on the other side of a couple of tiny saloon doors, almost actually in the kitchen area. Basically implying no free refills. We were asked to help ourselves. Fair enough. My friend asked for ice. The guy said that they didn't have any but they'd go grab some - and that's what happened! One of the staff came back with a bag of ice purchased from somewhere outside, like a gas station? Anyway, chilled glasses and ice followed - I didn't use mine because I don't really feel bagged ice is exactly something I want to drink, versus ice made from filtered water (shrug). Anyway. A little odd so far. We ordered some appetisers, $5 each for 4 falafel pieces. The guy said that the falafel plate was a better deal, $6 for 6 pieces total. Fair enough, appreciate the tip.Falafel comes out first. Didn't really like it. They looked more like small Pepperidge Farm cookies than the traditional "Monet haystack" shape, and tasted mealy and undercooked. Hummus was more like babaghanoush consistency and not particularly flavourful. Plates came out. Mine was $9.95 for the chicken shawarma. The rice appeared to be long-grain basmati, tasted ok but several of the grains were dry and crunchy, to the point that my friend commented later that he thought he had broken and crunched on a tooth filling. There wasn't enough chicken on the plate. The pita bread served on our plates and on the falafel one was the sort that upon losing its warmth turns basically into shoe leather and would challenge a rabid dog in terms of tearing and chewing. The salad was ok and the dressing was pretty good, but I wasn't there for a salad. The presentation of the meal on the plate was good. Pic here: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/athens-gyros-phoenix?select=P8-8ovsHCLqfCf_zqQ8uUg#R8njJz2kWGJWNO74b5WL5Q - but for perspective, the palm of my hand could have covered the amount of chicken provided.I've had far better Greek meals. Wow. For something that's truly fresh and delicious in this style of cuisine I always fall back on old faithful, Greek Wraps on Bell near 75th Ave. This didn't even come close in terms of taste. Not even in the same suburb, let alone ball park. $17 with tip for my meal, and I was still hungry afterward. Was sorely tempted to hit up Sacred Hogan's Fried Bread a few storefronts down for dessert. HOGAAAAANNNNNN!
5	A little hole in the wall place with a super friendly owner. I'm picky when it comes to my gyro and they made it just right for me. Love the frozen glasses that they provide for your drinks. Good food at a fair price.
3	Looks pretty nice. Some afordable combos. Note bottled tea is $2.00.
2	My partner usually writes reviews when we feel the need to share our opinion about places we frequently visit. This go around at Athens Gyros provoked me out of my shell enough to write my first review. We've been to this restaurant before and loved how cheap the gyros were so we decided to go back again today for a quick lunch. As soon as we walk in we noticed the owner had done a bit of remodeling- adding in a booth section and seemed to have decorated the place a little, cool! Kudos for them! At that point we were still excited to eat there. We ordered the falafel appetizer and two gyro combos. Right after we put our order in a soccer dad comes in with his daughter and orders 6 gyros and some other items. It was easy enough to see by the way he was talking to the owner that he was a regular, I guess this means he gets preferential treatment. Our order gets pushed to the side until his was filled completely and was walking out the door about 40 minutes later. At this point I look at my partner and say, "lets just leave". Unfortunately we stayed and got our appetizer about 5 minutes after soccer dad left. I have never had falafel before but I was less than impressed with the plating and the taste of the bean patty itself (I'm not sure if it's even made of beans- but that's what it tasted like). Finally, our two gyro combos come out, lukewarm. I think the best part of the meal was the icy cold bottled water that came out with chilled glasses that counted as the drink to our combos. The whole idea of ripping people off a drink annoyed me but the water tasted great!I tipped a dollar on a 21 dollar bill and felt that was over paying for the service and quality of food we received. My girlfriend pulled her wallet out to leave more of a tip and I told her to put her money away. As we walked out she commented, "yeah, I'm actually glad I didn't leave extra money for a tip- that service was pretty terrible". And thus our experience. Two stars for effort of ambiance.
5	I ordered the Gyro sandwich to go. It was super good. The owner is very cool.He let me play his bass guitar.  Next time, I'll stick around and eat inside.He told me he is expanding. Awesome!  Will for sure be back-this is my new go to place for Gyros!
5	Excellent! Owner is very cool.
4	Great food nice service.  The girl that worked up front introduced herself to the other patrons that were there and asked them how the food was but not to me.  The guy did ask me though.
2	Placed an order for delivery on my way home during the evening rush hour since I hadn't eaten all day and didn't have my wallet on me. Order consisted of a $3.50 gyro, a falafel combo plate (with drink and fries), and dolmas (stuffed grape leaves). I didn't expect it to arrive too quickly, which was okay. And... it didn't. Took about 75 minutes. The guy who took my order and delivered was very nice, offering to refund one of the items.Yeah, he must have forgotten (or lied), 'cause I checked my account a couple days later, and nothing has changed price wise.Now, the good:- $3.50 gyros (pronounced GUY-ROS by this place...) are tasty, filling, and, best of all, cheap- Lemon dressing on the side salad that came with the dolmas plate- ONE of the pitas was extremely soft, chewy, and super deliciousThe okay:- Dolmas had good flavor but the rice inside was a little mushier than I preferred. Don't think this is a delivery issue because the dolmas sold by Whole Foods are all lumped together in a container and don't lose their consistencyThe ugly:- Falafel were super dry and kinda hard.- The other two pitas were burnt in places.- French fries were soggy and tasteless. NOTE: this was a delivery issue, so if you eat in or pick it up this might not be a problem.- Failed to deliver on his promise.Would have given this place a 3 for the excellent and cheap gyros, but because the guy made a promise that he didn't bother keeping, had to rate it one star down.
5	BEST GYRO COMBO in Arizona! $6.95 served with choice of fries or salad and a beverage. The owner is super friendly, will make you feel welcomed. The gyro itself is delicious, I ate a bunch of them while pregnant!! We're still coming back for more, even though its out of the way.
4	3.9/5 Good price. Good food. Average portions. Got the gyro plate. Tasty but I was still hungry.
4	Reallllllllly good. Definitely enjoyed my meal here.Gyro is yummy with a reasonable price and some nice options if you don't want to get fries and a drink (like double meat at an extra charge). Chicken shawarma is served on a bed of fluffy rice. Definitely enjoyed it. Baklava - awesome. So delicious.Location can be hard to find, but it's a good, solid gyro shop in Central Phoenix. I will be back.
5	Impressive. I'm really into food. And I love fresh healthy delicious food that provides an experience. Right away, walking in this place feels like visiting family. The menu is simple and the owner himself welcomes you with this big, real, friendly personality that is super refreshing. You can see the whole kitchen and the meat is sliced fresh. You can watch if you like. Nothing is hidden. I bet this guy would tour you through the whole back of house if you wanted. It's obvious he takes great pride in his place and he should. The gryos are amazing. Everything from the homemade tziki and freshly sliced meat. The Greek salad is $1 up charge and well worth it. baklava is homemade and so delicious. It sells out though so don't wait until next time to get it! I absolutely LOVE this place and this food and contributing to this local gems long term success. GO there. Don't order delivery. Enjoy the whole experience.
5	I like it! The food and service is really good! I love to support small businesses like this that are family owned and operated. They feature many of the authentic Mediterranean Items including beef kabob, chicken Kabob, Shawarma, etc. They also feature live entertainment during the weekend I believe. Definitely stop by when you're in the area! I would recommend it!!!
3	A little disappointed they didn't have a chicken gyro, but the chicken pita was pretty good. I enjoyed the creamy flavor of the taziki sauce and the oregano infused salad dressing. Side salad was nice and fresh. It wasn't the best Greek food but it was good.
5	wow had not eaten here in a while was glad to returned had gyro combo with 1/2 1./2fries and salad fresh delicious and great service too
1	Have Called them 3 times within their normal business hours for delivery. They delivered 3/5 food first time. Every time after that they make excuses not to deliver. Today's excuse - we don't have a car.
5	I spent half my life eating food in New York and needless to say I am extremely picky ... I have never had a better Greek meal in my life ... Oh did I also mention that my mom's maiden name is Staros ... OPA ... They also have live music at noon for lunch can you imagine! Tomas may you have a great success in your restaurant fabulous! :-)
5	We stumbled upon this place on Indian School. There was no wait, service was fast and great. The gyro sandwich was delicious and fresh. It is a little hole in the wall place, with middle eastern decor but also tropical beaded curtains and pictures of black and white pin-up girls. Definitely recommend.
5	Great gyros, the cook/owner is very friendly and will accomodate to you within reason. I prefer my gyros without lettuce and extra onion, he always says "you got it, buddy!" The food is always tasty and the meat is perfectly spiced. I highly recommended this place.I have only gotten things to go, the dining room itself is spacious, clean and a luxurious feel to it.  They have Karaoke according to signage.
5	Awesome food like always. I highly recommend this place. If you want an original gyro, this is the place.
3	Let's be realistic here. It was ok. The owners was nice. They may have been understaffed because we really waited ages for everything. Food was alright.
5	Great food and the gyros are awesome. The owner is really friendly and will make anything  to your needs
1	Horrible service time on a to go order. I have thirty minute lunch break, they took 45 minutes to make my gyro combo.
2	The gyros are good.  Do not order their fattoush salad- very disappointing.
