5	Watch out Villa. You have some serious competition now! Social Status is a new urban clothing store in downtown Pittsburgh. They are located across from the Wood Street T Station on Liberty Ave. They carry a lot of exclusive hard to find brands like 10 Deep, BBC, Clae, Crooks and Castles, Diamond Supply Co, Gourmet, G-Shock, Ice Cream, Jordan Brand, Nike, Play Cloths, Ralph Lauren, Supra, The Hundreds, Timberland, True Religion, Undefeated and much more. For the store to be sort of small they offer a lot of selection and sizes. There are two long racks of clothes. One on each wall in the front of the store. Underneath the racks is were they keep all of the t shirts. In the middle of the store is were all of the sneakers are in cubes on the wall. In the back of the store is were all of the denim is. Next to the denim is a cooler were all of the BBC and Ice Cream clothing is kept. Overall I really dig the design and layout of the store.Everyone who works there is very nice and helpful and the customer service is great as well. I will be back often!
1	The customers for this store line up on Liberty Avenue, blocking thesidewalk with their chairs and standing in the middle of the sidewalk.Once the store is open all that remains is the mounds of debris left over the sidewalk. The store owners do nothing to clean up this mess or to controltheir customers, it is an embarrassment to other downtown establishments,our customers are subject to the debris and ridiculous behavior of their customers. I can only imagine the lack of respect this store would have for anyone, due to the lack of cleaning up the mess left in front of their store and more importantly othe businesses.An upset pedestrian
1	"SOCIAL STATUS" IS BS!I was concerned with my online order because they had a fire in their Charlotte store and the lady told me over the phone AND email that my order won't be affected because online orders are from the warehouse not their stores. Then yesterday, they only ship out 1 pair of shoes (Asics GT2 "Navy/Red") that's not very expensive and high in demand. I emailed them about my 2nd pair of shoes, NB M998RO which retailed at $160 - 50% off = $80, and now they tell me "it's out of stock."I CALL BS ON THEIR FIRE! I believe they started the fire themselves and claiming insurance fraud on most of our orders. They have 4 HUGE stores in North Carolina and Pennsylvania! There's no sneaker community there; there's no way they could've made enough profit to sustain their business. This is my assumption because most people I know had their orders cancelled! They probably used those sales to be included in the damages/lost in the fire. I'm so disappointed. I gave them the benefit of the doubt and even defended them too.
2	Being from Pittsburgh most residents don't have a very big selection when it comes to retail shopping for urban brands.  While Social status does have a good selection on apparel I would rather spend my money on an overpriced tee shirt elsewhere. Social always have an annoying amount of employees working who follow you around watching your every move. Another thing that annoys me is when you decide to not purchase anything you're almost guaranteed to receive a smart remark on your way out from one of the workers who think they're high and mighty for what reason I don't know. Do yourself a favor, don't waste your time at Social Status head over to Timebomb in East Liberty where you can find the same brands and a much more pleasant experience, Timebomb is a Pittsburgh staple and I would much rather give my money to a small business owner like Brick (the man who owns Timebomb) than the people at Social Status
