5	Puptown is AWESOME! I was living in Huntersville and found another good daycare, but now that I'm in University I use Puptown. My yorkie Piper seems to love Puptown so much more and she's always exhausted when she comes home, so I know she's having a great time. The owner Kristen really loves all of the dogs that come to visit and is very kind and personable.The facility is always very clean, the employees are all friendly and very well trained (I believe they are all Pet CPR trained too!), and they go above and beyond to make you and your pet feel at home. During certain special holidays, they'll even snap a sweet photo of your four legged friend at no charge and e-mail it to you. AWESOME!They also have live webcams so you can watch your dogs during the day.Wouldn't dream of bringing Piper anywhere else.
5	When we moved to Charlotte some eight months ago with two (yes that is 2) 120 pound sheep dogs in tow we were hoping that we would be able to find a place that we would be able to leaeve them when we went on either day trips or out of town but to really find some place that we could go and NOT have to worry about the care they would be receiving while we gone.What a concept!  We could enjoy ourselves whle they were as well.Puptown makes it easy to do.  Kristen and the people who work there not only care for the dogs, the care ABOUT the dogs.  Carly and Odiin are always wiped out when we get them home.  Tired from all the play and love and excitement they have had, even on the short stays.If you are looking for a place to bring your pet that will make them thank you afterwards, this is the place.  Most times the dogs run right past us the moment they arrive wihtout even stopping to look back much less say goodbye (which makes my wife very unhappy that they could forget about her that quickly  LOL)Anyway this is the best place in the surrounding 50 miles to bring your pet and it is definitely worth the time.The facility is very clean, the people are very nice and again we are very lucky to have found Kristen and Puptown Charlotte.
3	Took my 2 dogs here for 5 nights over labor day weekend. Kristen is really nice. She really wants you to be happy with your experience and I applaud her management style. However,  I felt like my dogs didn't have a good time. They were given a bag of dry food and can food for each night, and when we got them back we were returned 3 unused cans. My dogs lost weight during their time here. The puppycam is cool, but everytime you log on, the dogs all look so bored and no one really seems to be petting them. I would prefer if there were a grassy outdoor area. This place seemed somewhat like a concrete doggy prison. I don't think I will be back.
5	This is one of the nicest facilities I have ever seen. It is always clean and Kristen does an amazing job of trying to keep customers, dogs, and employees happy. There isn't a "grassy outside area" (although there is an area outside the dogs can play in) and that's a good thing. Grass can't be sanitized or cleaned, it turns to mud when it rains, and there are all kinds of plants dogs can ingest that need to be worried about. The cabins are great for people who prefer cageless boarding and they are also exceptionally nice and well taken care of. It is apparent from the moment you walk in how much time and love has been put into making this a great experience for you and your pup.
5	I cannot say enough good things about Puptown Charlotte.  Our 2 year old Labrador, Tripp, visits Puptown once a week for daycare.  As you can imagine, he has a TON of energy so Puptown is an easy way for us to ensure he is well exercised and maintains decent social behavior with other dogs.  Upon arriving at Puptown, Tripp goes NUTS and I usually don't leash him when walking in because he is extremely excited and pulls me through the building.  The staff treat Tripp like he is family and it's obvious how much they truly care about their customers.  We aren't just another paying customer at Puptown!Great Job Puptown, keep up the good work!
1	I have been taking my dog to Puptown since November 2011. I haven't had a problem in the past, because I could always see my dog on the cameras. I brought her there Jan 3rd and 4th 2013. I didn't see her on camera either day, and couldn't get a straight answer from a staff member I'd never seen before as to why. Both days I only saw two employees on camera, and when I went to pick her up I had to wait about 5 minutes for someone to come to the lobby. Then both people I saw on camera came out. One to check me out and one to bring my dog, which meant every dog in the facility was left unattended for at least 5 minutes. I called the owner, Kristen. I was told my dog was left outside alone all day both days without any supervision by an employee. It says on their website and I have been told by Kristen in person dogs are never left unattended there. My dog could have been hurt, or gotten out of the fence, but she didn't seem to care. It was also freezing cold both days. My dog is a Whippet Mix. She has very little body fat, and short fur and gets cold quickly. I specifically told them not to take her outside when it was cold. I also told them if they needed to move her , or if there were ever any problems that I should be called. I work under a mile from there, and I could have come to pick her up.  My dog is well behaved and gets along with all other animals. The new staff member put her outside because she was playing too much. The reason I bring her there is so that she can play, and she's not stuck in a crate 12 hours a day. This daycare has become a serious accident waiting to happen. The owner takes no personal responsibility or pride her in business anymore, and seriously misleads the customers as to her level of care and compassion for your dogs. There are not enough employees working for the amount of dogs they have on a daily basis. The front door is also being left unlocked with no one tending to the front desk, so any one can walk in off the street and back to the dog rooms at any time. What they did to my dog Thurs and Fri is negligent and abusive. If I wanted my dog isolated I would have left her home where she would have been warm and safe. I paid these people almost $30 a day to have my dog have playtime with other dogs and to be watched by a person. Neither of those things happened. I will never bring my dog back there again, and would highly recommend that if you're looking for a doggy daycare you look somewhere else if you care about the well being of your dog. I'm incredibly disappointed, because I thought the owner had higher standards. Clearly the dogs are not her first priority, nor are a priority to the almost non-existent staff.
5	Our dog is a mutt, but looks a little bit like a pit. Many places in the area would not accept him because of this. He often plays at the park and is exposed to lots of animals and we never have had an issue. We start boarding him at Puptown after a bad experience with another local boarding place.The first time I took him there he was excited to explore. Often times, my husband and I leave him here for a week at a time due to our work. Every time we come back, he greets us, then whines to go back in to play and be with his friends. I cannot tell you how wonderful this makes me feel! He missed us, yes, but wants to stay! As a puppy parent, I dont think you could make a better choice. Kristen and her staff are caring and take such good care of the furbabies. (I have ran into some of the staff at the local dog park, and they always greet my dog by his first name and are so affectionate!) Wonderful place!
5	My dog, Thor, LOVES Puptown.  He's a 60lb, 8 month old,  Old English Sheepdog who loves to play, kiss other dogs on the face and is a little socially awkward.  I spoil him, and am one of those pup parents that worries about him when he's not in my care or my family's care.  I stopped worrying about him the minute I saw how tired and happy he was after his first day at Puptown.  Kristen and her staff are so sweet, and whenever I say my name on the phone they immediately ask me about Thor.  Remembering my name, and my dog's name when you have 30+ other "regular" dogs at your facility means something.  These people are truly dog people and love what they do.  They have pup cams that you can see on their website to check in on your dog and see him/her playing.  Although, the cams are not compatible with Mac.  Puptown is out of the way for me most of the time.  However, I have never had to worry about Thor, and he is always happy to go to Puptown.  The second we pull in the parking lot he gets all wiggly and excited.  Thor will be back to play, and kiss every dog on the face, time and time again!
5	My puppy had his first day at Puptown and he seemed to love it. Kristen kept in contact with me by sending pictures and a video of my puppy with his new friends. This made me feel at ease because I am a very nervous mom and my baby has never been to a daycare. So far I am very pleased with my experience at Puptown Charlotte! Thanks to all of the caregivers there!!
5	I couldn't ask for a better place to send my dog. I absolutely adore Kristen and her staff, they are so sweet and friendly and great with my dog. They have always been so accommodating to my last minute " can you watch Miller" antics. I have a 6 year old beagle, that has pretty bad anxiety. We moved to Charlotte about a year ago, and needless to say, he didn't handle the move well. I looked for places and found Puptown. Miller LOVES IT! He comes home from day care exhausted and happy. The girls love Miller as much as he loves them. I'll ask Miller before we go " Puppy want to go to to camp" and he freaks out. Thanks Kristen and the gang at Puptown for taking great care of my puppy. We couldn't be happier with your services.
5	Puptown is EXCELLENT. Our black lab, Gunther, absolutely loves going there and while he's there, we know he's in good hands. We use Puptown as a doggy day care and as a boarding facility when we're out of town. Kristen and the team at Puptown are not only so kind and loving to our dog and the rest of the animals, but they are all very professional. When Gunther comes home, he is a very happy, tired dog from all of the playing, which is exactly what we want when we take him there. We have taken Gunther to Puptown ever since we got him a year and a half ago, and we'll continue to do so. I highly recommend Puptown to any dog owner.
3	Thor no longer goes here. Thor got sick after one of his overnights here and I was unpleasantly surprised by Puptown's reaction.  After being up all night with my pup with diarrhea, I called Puptown to see if he had gotten into something or been given treats that were not in his diet. The girl that picked up the phone was not Kristen, but she said "Oh, it's probably Giardia. We had a dog here that was sick with it. You should take him to the vet for antibiotics." Ugh. So I took Thor to the vet, got antibiotics and emailed Kristen. She replied that another dog had been sick there, what cleaning they did to try and prevent it, and that getting sick was the risk I take when I bring my dog to a public place. It just seemed very blunt and corporate - a reaction that I had never felt at Puptown. So I was disheartened, and after no follow up, no phone call or anything, we started looking elsewhere. I am very pleased with our new doggie daycare. This may be an isolated incident, but it just rubbed me the wrong way.
