3	Ping. That's the sound the button on my shorts made when they busted open because I ate about 14 plates of food during my glutton-fest. Flush, flush, flush.  I have a feeling that's the sound I'll be making in about 30 minutes from now.It's a Chinese buffet that caters almost exclusively to a Hispanic crowd, hot sauce on every table and 50% Latin music playing in the background.I guess this place was fine.  Some of the items were hot and fresh, a few were old and dried out. They did have about 30+ items to choose from. Even some sushi, but I didn't wanna risk it all and try the tuna. I'm not a gambling man like that.
2	I've been to a Chinese buffet or two in my day -- and this one just doesn't stack up.  5 plates of food, and somehow I'm still left wanting ...The pizza should be the first giveaway that they don't mean business.  Where are potstickers? Where's the calamari salad? That was definitely NOT sushi.While I can certainly appreciate the food I did over-consume was good-tasting, as fresh as can be for an establishment like this, and visually appealing, frankly, there just wasn't much of selection.Or I should say, the selection just wasn't what I'm used to.  Maybe I've been spoiled by the Bay Area; maybe I've been spoiled by southeast Tempe; maybe this place just isn't very good.Bottom line:  if a gutful of Asian food is the plan, China Olive certainly gets the job done -- just don't expect a lot of differentiation in what you shove down your gulet.
1	Warning Danger DO NOT ENTER! Gross! This place is nasty! If I could give it less than a star yea I would have. While out running errands over the weekend I decided to be adventurous, & try a new place I had never tried. So I find myself driving down Indian School rd and see the Chinese buffet sign. I thought great because I was not sure what I wanted and with a buffet there are so many choices right? WRONG! The choices were not many and the food was not good. The rice tasted like dirt. I had some mushrooms that were good. Everything was labeled wrong. They had fried chicken wings the size of my pinky. If these came off a chicken it must have been a chick. The egg foo young looked like scrambled eggs with mushrooms. This place is gross. We took one bite of everything on our plates and when nothing tasted good we left! We told them your buffet is garbage and we left. BTW we did not pay for it either.
3	I used to frequent China Olive, not because it was so great, but just because it was the best in the area when I was in the area.A few years ago, I enjoyed them better than I have the last couple times I went.  They used to offer a larger variety of foods I like, but now offer more foods I don't eat, such as sushi instead.They always have the typical items and usually they're cooked well.They do suffer from getting fried items on the ~wrong~ side of the Crispy-Greasy Spectrum quite a bit.  Drinks are not included. Worth the lunch price, but not the dinner price.
3	I really feel like this should be 2 star review. But I'm not giving it 2 stars. I've voluntarily gone here so many times that giving it a 2 star review would make me the fat kid who keeps touching the stove, despite continually getting burned. And I am NOT that fat kid. So back off.I am, however, the fat girl who happens to live nearby the China Olive. And sometimes I get really, really hungry. So hungry, in fact, that in my deluded, nutrient-deprived mind, the only thing that will be able to adequately satiate me would be eating plate after plate of mediocre Chinese food until I either pass out in a food coma, or they close the place for the night.  There is NO WAY just one plate of food will do. That is what my hunger tells me. And I listen to my hunger. However, once I get seated, and have my first egg roll (which are okay) and hot and sour soup (pretty good), I realize that my hunger is fading, and I still have 4 buffet rows of mediocre chinese (and italian, and cajun, and mexican) food to eat. That's when I start to get pissed at my hunger. Because I could have spent the same amount of money elsewhere (about $10 for dinner) and it would have been just as filling and much more enjoyable than the 4 rows of "meh" I'm working with here.In all fairness, the food isn't that bad. It's just not that good. Their water, however, is fan-freaking-tastic.
