4	One of the only places to have a maple bar close to where I live. That's nuts! Prices are always good and the selection is great. I was driving all day for that shyyt. Just cause my girl wanted a maple bar. So I searched and I conquered with winchels help. SCORE
5	I visited here last year while in town.  I'm going "5" for nostalgia and delivery.These used to be prevalent in the Provo/Orem area.  When I was a kid 25 years ago I used to order the Vanilla/Vanilla cake donuts with rainbow sprinkles - purely based upon appearance.  I don't even like vanilla frosting.  My wife, a non-donut eater, even said they were good.When I discovered Winchell's still exists last year I had to stop in.  It was as good as it's always been?  Am I too old for rainbow sprinkles??
4	Winchell's is my old stand-by donut shop when I need something quick and they are on my way.  My favorites here are the ones I think they get right (not too sweet, not greasy, good texture) apple fritters, unglazed buttermilk bars, and unglazed old fashioned - all of which they run out of early but aren't quick to re-stock.  I also enjoy the occasional muffin, all flavors are good but the cheese are the best.  If I have the time I really prefer Friendly's, but Winchell's is fine in a pinch.
4	I was having one of those, I have the munchies, where do I go and what do I want to satisfy my night. I headed straight down Trop and Winchell's caught my eye. I went in an just started pointing to everything that looked good. I ended p getting a mixed dozen for our group to share. I personally liked the chocolate with chocolate icing and the cake doughnut with glaze. This place has fresh doughnuts at all times and they don't need a lit sign to attract a crowd.
4	Okay, so this isn't  a small business, las vegas local chain. But unlike the other donut shops in town that I do enjoy, this Winchell's offers hours that I can get donuts at a time. I don't know what it is about their donuts but I do enjoy them. Especially, when they are fresh. And this location has extremely fresh donuts when we went the other night. They had a chocolate cinnamon crumb donut which I have never had in my life which was to die for. It was the perfect texture of a cake donut without being too dry or too sweet. They also offer mini size donuts (6 for $1.49) which is a great deal if you ask me! Perfect size for my kiddo without too much sugar for him.If I am ever craving donuts again and want a good fresh donut and it is late in the day - you can bet your pretty penny, you will catch me here.
2	I have no respect for any bakery that sells stale donuts. Friendly donuts in Henderson trashes there donuts that sit to long. Donut are always soft and fresh at friendly. It's a bit out of my way but I will go for the freshness and the donuts are cheaper at friendly.
2	2.5 STARS   Not impressed! A couple of years ago, a CoWorker boasted about Winchell's. I had been passing this location when I cruise on Tropicana Avenue toward US 95. Today, I decided to try it. After the experience I am left with the impression that this was a fantastic place a couple of years ago or I caught it at the wrong time which was around 10 on a Monday morning.  When I walked in I saw the display case of doughnuts. But I didn't see any signs indicating what type of doughnut. I'm thinking, "is this a jelly filled pineapple donut or strawberry doughnut? " To add to the confusion one flavor would be in back of another flavor. This was confusing for the woman that worked here. Furthermore, I did not see any interesting doughnuts that Pink Box or even Dunkin Donuts serves.    Mediocre service went hand in hand with the  presentation. The woman who served me the "two donut and coffee special", that came to $3.25 by the way, was far from nasty and short of friendly. The friendliness trailed far behind Pink Box Doughnuts employees.   Before I bit into the doughnut, the coffee experience wasn't exactly leaving me with a sweet first impression. This is probably my first Yelp review where I had to walk from the register to a separate counter holding coffee without a lid. Now the separate counter had the coffee lids but they had zero sugar substitutes. There were two baskets holding packets of sugar but no Sweet N Low or Equal. There are people out there that like sugar substitutes in their coffee!  By the way the coffee was drinkable but lagging behind Dunkin Donuts.  It is difficult to discuss a doughnut when you don't know what the name is because of no signs. The doghnut with the red frosting fell short of my standards: fresh and delicious. This was the donut in the row in front of the other row of doughnuts. Regardless that it wasn't stale,  it sure was far short of fresh out of the oven. It tasted more on the lines of a Hostess doughnut than a competitor's. The second doughnut with the strawberry filling was okay.   In conclusion, I am unimpressed. Just glad that I finally tried it.
5	Best Donuts I've had since I've moved to the Henderson area! I'm from a small town in Cali where you won't find a Dunkin Donuts and every donut shop is family owned. The donuts here are just as good as the ones back home! My new fave spot. The dozen of donuts here is actually 14 for only$9!! Oh not to mention I have to drive 7 miles to get here which I don't mind cause the donuts are that good!
5	Really the only place to go for donuts. It's fairly priced, the donuts taste great, and the employees seem friendly. The best part is that I can get my donut fix at anytime since they're open 24/7.
