4	New restaurant on East Boulevard. So far, so good! The mahi mahi salad is really fresh and tasty and loooooove the avocado ranch dressing. I've been here a couple of times now and the staff are always amazing.
5	I am from Florida and always eat at one when I visit, but now I don't have to wait to visit! I got the chicken and bean quesadilla and it was so fresh and delicious! The hot sauce bar with smack my ass and call me sally sauces are awesome! I'll definitely be a regular!
5	I'm so happy I could cry. Tijuana flats is my favorite quick eats restaurant and there's now one down the street from me! Delicious! You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The sweet chili sauce is mixed w the peach sauce is the best. I really hope this place takes off since I've seen businesses come and go at this end of east blvd.
4	The people  that work here are very personable and helpful.   I took my two older kids here and they both gave a thumbs up.  Their sauce bar is interesting in that you can find the right sauce to compliment the chips or dish.   Glad to see something good come to this location!
4	I remember there was a Tijuana Flats up in the university a few years back, don't know if it is related, but I did miss them during lunch times at the office.  East Blvd is a good new home for this tex mex restaurant.  They do things a bit differently where you order at the counter and they bring it out to you once the food is ready.The atmosphere inside has tons of stuff to look at, especially the crazy celebrity photos on the wall near the register line.Definitely should try their hot sauce bar with stuff ranging from okay to "death".... I just like looked at their hotness markings cause the death icon is a black smiley face with two x's across the face's eyes.I had the "no"rrito chicken bowl with everything on it.  Pretty darn good and decent kick - I could have added more heat, but decided to play it safe that evening.  Also had Tripple C Brewing's Baby Maker on tap so I was a pretty happy camper after dinner.Servers and cashiers are super nice and really check on you if you need any refills or plates cleared.  Definitely will be back!
5	I'm glad Tijuana Flats is back in this area! I hated that the other locations closed a few years ago. I went in today and got the veggie burrito. It was just like I remembered from other locations. The food was fresh and tasty. I love the hot sauce bar. The hottest sauce, which contains jolokia pepper, was hot but didn't make me hiccup like some hot sauces do. Tijuana Flats is a bit more upscale than other TexMex restaurants like Moes or Qdoba. For one, you get your burrito served on a plate, not in a wrapper. You order at the register, but someone brings out your food and they come around to refill your drink. It's kind of mixture of a fast food place and dine-in restaurant.Overall, it's a nice place for lunch. Cheery atmosphere and good food at a good price.
4	Checked out this new place last weekend for a late lunch. I was excited to try it as I love Tex-Mex of any type. The wife however... not excited. I was thinking this would be a typical full service place, but it's an order at the counter and they'll bring it to you place. Okay. I can roll with it. Ordered the blackened chicken quesadilla while the significant other got the mahi salad. A side of guacamole for both was worth a try as well. After ordering and paying, I noticed an awesome and HUGE hot sauce bar. 10 minutes later I found 2-3 sauces to try and they were hollering my name for the guacamole. Nice, large serving with warm chips. Chips were a bit flimsy but okay overall. Guacamole was pretty good. Huge serving. 5-6 minutes later unheard my name again and out came our entree. Quesadilla was pretty good. Nothing spectacular but solid.  Wife really loved her salad that was served in a whole wheat shell. Hot sauces were a nice touch and I went back to that bar a couple times. Overall a nice addition to East and should do well now that Longboards is gone. Certainly a better option than Noe's.... I mean Moe's. I'll be back- probably for takeout.
4	Couldnt wait for TF's to open, was soooo disappointed with Longboards, what a waste of good location. Am a Dilworth native and used to think Wads was large as a kid, surprised that TF seems much smaller. Have been to TF's 3 times now and really like this place!As others have commented, the hot sauce bar is great, from left to right, mild to hot, some really interesting flavors to discover. The staff is great and is what will keep me coming back again and again, well that and their Tuesday special Taco Tuesdaze, 2 tacos, chips & drink for $5.  Cant brag enough about the staff, you can tell they appreciate everyone that comes through the door, and their attention to detail, should keep everyone coming back.
4	A good quality burrito joint.  The ordering process is a little confusing to the uninitiated.  Pick up a menu, and walk along the right wall to place a order at the counter.  You then sit down and they bring your order out to you by calling your name. They have a tons of different options for your burrito, so take your time and you can finding something you like on the menu1 THING that you have to experience is : CHURROS.  They have amazing churros. OMG so good. I probably could eat 3 orders every time I go there.
3	Not a bad experience. Extremely friendly staff. But if you want to break it down Tiajuana Flats is a "Mexican" style restaurant from Orlando Florida that claims to be Tex Mex. If your from the west coast and know what Mexican food is you can stop reading now, this place isn't for you. If your from Texas and know what Tex Mex is you can stop reading now, this place isn't for you. Now if your from the east coast you might love this place. The portions are large. They have a good 20 items on the hot sauce bar (yet oddly no salsa, has Florida written all over it). Burritos, Tacos, Chimichangas, nachos, etc. The rice seemed to be pre-packaged not fresh.  The re-fried beans seemed to be out of a can but they were not spiced up.All the flavors are good, tasty, just neither Mexican nor Tex Mex, but Florida Mex.
4	I've been here twice now and great experiences both times.  I'm going to mention the ordering process like every other Yelper before me.  Its odd. Its not what you expect.  I've seen people walk in the door, look around and walk out.  I've seen people walk confidently in, just to be turned around and given a menu back at the door. This is how you do it, so you can avoid all the looks. 1. Walk in the door2. Grab a menu from the nifty menu holder thats located to the right of the door3.  Follow the weird beer & wine lined path that leads around the perimeter of the store counter-clockwise until you reach lighting where you can read the menu4.  Decide what delicious food you're going to get.  5.  Add Churros to your list.6. Continue your journey to the registers where you'll speak to the nice employees about what you would like to eat.7. Tell them your name8. Find a seat9. Peruse the hot sauce bar10. Find your seat11. Listen for your name to be called and the delicious food to be brought to you.Phew, 11 steps.  I've ordered the chicken flauta's both times that I've been here because I like chicken, I like guac, I like queso... therefore this is my food.  I'm hoping that I'll branch out more next time, but odds are I'll get suckered back into ordering my flautas again.The churros are amazing.  If you followed my list, you will know this.  I like that the staff is very attentive, you will not want for a refill while you're here.  But if you haven't been here before, and you didn't follow my list (shame on you), it may be a bit confusing at first.  But don't worry, they don't laugh at the newbs.
3	The truth is that I love Mexican food. I could eat it daily - more than once a day, even.Tijuana Flats serves Mexican food. It was definitely Mexican food. But just how good?My Norrito ("No + burrito") bowl with chicken had all one expects to find in such a bowl: chicken, rice, beans, pico de gallo, and guacemole. It wasn't quite as warm as desired. I would prefer the rice, beans and meat be hot enough that mixing with cold guac & pico won't cool it completely.And I don't like red onions. The pico de gallo is laden with red onions. Kudos to the manager who suggested getting no pico, but asking for tomatoes and extra cilantro.The salsa was hearty and rich, although nothing too exciting. The tortilla chips were fine, not as good as numerous other restaurants.What differs this place from other slightly-fast Mexican places:-You order at a counter like others, BUT then a waitstaff takes over every step of your dining experience.-The hot sauce bar is extensive.Me, I prefer a salsa bar to a hot sauce bar.Conclusion After One Visit: It's only minorly different than Moe's/Qdoba/Salsarita's/Chipotle, mainly in that they bring the food to you and continue to wait on you once you've ordered.
5	Service was great. Everyone super friendly. The food was great best tex-mex spot in charlotte !! I will be back soon !!
5	My friend and I stumbled onto this place over the weekend and we felt like we hit the jack pot.  We were greeted immediately by a friendly young girl who asked us if it was our first time.  She was so informative as was every other employee that we encountered.  You order through a line and then they deliver the food to your table when it is ready. The food is UH-mazing.  I had the black bean quesaDILLA and it came with chips and and lots of fun toppings.  They have a wide variety of sauces to try at a station ranging from sweet to slap yo mama hot.  Decor is bright and artistic.  You will not be disappointed.
4	Good food and well priced. If you get an appetizer of chips and dips you can get a fresh order to take home with you! On both of my visits I got the veggie burrito and it was good each time. I love the fun sauces on the hot sauce bar. I know I will be going here rather then Moe's whenever I am craving quick and fresh Mexican food. PS. The service here is fantastic!
1	For my 1st experience here, it was not good.  I will start with the positives, the staff is friendly.  Now the rest:  Reading the reviews, there seems to be a common experience of not knowing what to do when you walk in the door.  This is the 1st mistake of many made by Tijuana Flats.The next mistake is the ordering process, the burrito comes with nothing and you need to pick your toppings, the issue is they do not list all of the toppings.  You have to ask if you can get guacamole or rice or vegetables.  The worse of the issues is the taste of the food, everything tastes canned and not fresh.  For example, there is a lack of salt and lime in the salsa.  All this being said, TF is overpriced for canned food.  If you are on E Blvd and are craving Mexican, go to Cantina 1511.  Most places that have moved into this location have not survived, as of now, looks like TF will be another one that does not stack up to the competition on the same road.
4	After reading previous reviews, and being a lover of all Mexican food, I figured I needed to check this place out. I was prepared to be confused walking in, as some other yelpers mentioned, but there was a woman who greeted me at the door and told me exactly how it worked. I ordered the "pick dos" and it was a great way to go! Had a taco and enchilada. The chicken and beef were equally seasoned and fresh, as well as the toppings (you get your pick of tomatos, onions, lettuce, olives, sour cream and jalepenos). You also get your choice of side. I went with the chips - again fresh and had a nice seasoning blend on them. They have a hot sauce bar that you can experiment with also, which is cool. I kind of wished that you got salsa with your chips or that there was a salsa on the hot sauce bar to go with the chips. I feel like it just goes hand in hand. All in all, great meal, friendly staff, and they offer a 10% discount for all public servants (police, fire, emt, and teachers)!
3	The inside is generically wacky, as if designed by Martha Stewart after taking peyote. It's complete with made up meal size names, mexican style popart, multi-colored lights, Sugar Ray playing on the radio (yes it was). Customer service is on par with Chik-fil-a, as I had my water filled up and trash taken away, granted I was the only one there at 4pm on a Friday.The chicken and bean burrito wasn't bad. I did not NOT like it. It's the first burrito I've ever had with olives.It's great if you want to bring your kids somewhere before grabbing a drink with your bros at Icehouse.
2	To call this place Tex-Mex is tantamount to  treason. Ordering process was clunky. Not easy to tell pricing -- ended up getting uncharged $4 on my burrito for things like rice and beans that are standard fare at fast casual chains like Chipotle or Moe's. Food quality was average -- certainly didn't merit the premium pricing of a $12-14 dollar burrito. Staff was friendly and helpful.
3	First time here...came on a recommendation from a friend who was visiting from Florida.  I am a big fan of Mexican, but would say I had an average experience. The service was great but the food did not leave a remarkable impression. I did like that they used mahi in their fish tacos. My fiance had a beef burrito which she thought was okay.  The sauce bar was unique and gives you a good selection to please your palate.  Also, I felt the food was a little overpriced.  I'll give the place a second try...
5	I've visited TF a couple of times now.  Both times the service has been outstanding, the food was delicious and the hot sauce bar was amazing.  Go and thank me later.
3	After blowing out a tire on our car nearby, it only seemed logical to grab some burrito's while we waited a few hours for AAA to arrive (..apparently from Tennessee..)At this TJ Flats, you order your food at the counter and then from there it is full waiter service at your table. After placing your order at the counter, the fun begins....This place has a hot sauce bar with all different types of sauces, varying in spiciness, and little plastic cups/shot glasses. Naturally, the goal is to take a shot of each sauce prior to your food coming out.  This isn't really pleasant., as you may have guessed...but it is fun and satisfying.Now that my face and head were sweating, it was time to eat the burritos.  Nothing remarkable here.  Probably my biggest gripe is that the burrito wrap to filling ratio was way off.  The burrito looks massive, but it's primarily for show.  I ended up with a few sq. ft. of wrap left over.Everyone was really nice and the hot sauce bar was awesome, but the food did not really pan out.  It's worth going if you want to play the hot sauce game, but aside from that, you would most likely leave Chipotle more satisfied.
5	Not sure why another reviewer claimed their portions were small and prices high. For the heaping amount off nachos I got the price was very reasonable. The staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful and the hot sauce bar is so fun! We even bought a bottle to take home. We will definitely be back!
5	It's been a while since had been here and it was even better then before. Customer service is as good as it gets!  Food comes out quickly, correctly and delicious.  We tried the queso and it Uh-mazing!!  Look forward to going back!
5	I was so happy to see Tijuanas come to Charlotte as I was a big fan in Florida and Virginia Beach. For this specific location I was especially impressed. The server was super friendly and attentive. I could tell they put a lot of attention to the food being prepared carefully too.  We always get the black bean flautas so I can't speak to their burritos, but GET THESE. Crispy tortillas that you can smother in queso, guacamole, lettuce, onion, tomato and sour cream. We split these with a side of rice and beans and add a side of chips and salsa which is a generous portion. All that and a drink was $12. This is by far my favorite fast food Mexican place as the food is consistently good and I'm over the cold burrito line other places offer. Finally I think when evaluating restaurants, it is important to assess it based on what type of place it is trying to be. Therefore comparing Tijuana Flats to Cantina 1511 isn't even fair as they are offering two different dining experiences.  TFs is fast food that is tasty but adds some extra perks to the regular grab a bite places, such as a more playful and entertaining ambiance (and nice patio outdoor seating), options for alcohol, and servers who bring your food, refills your drinks, and clears your table.
4	Wow! Tastes as good as I remember back in my UCF days. First off, its hard to come by establishments on East Blvd with ample parking so Im thankful they have a big lot. I love the casual atmosphere and GAWKED at the salsa bar as I walked up to the counter to place my order. I got a wet veggie burrito smothered on red chipotle sauce -- it was DELISH! Quite large, but I managed to eat most :-). The salsa bar was like a play place for me, as I love spicy food. I wasnt a fan of the vinegary sauces but I did enjoy several (cant remember the names at the moment). Service was swift and the wait staff were friendly.
4	I would always pass by this place saying to myself I'll go one day.  Well that one day was this weekend with a friend of mine.  She had been to Tijuana Flats in Florida and I was a complete newbie.  The experience was great.  I ordered a veggie-bean burrito on whole wheat and it was pretty good.  The beans are not cooked in lard and for us vegetarians that's music to our ears.  I did end up ordering a side of queso for my burrito because I needed it to be a bit more saucy, personal preference.  I really did like the sauce bar they had ranging from sweet to super spicy sauces to add to your dish.  I would definitely go back there again and try something new because its a very chill place.  I found it to be a cross between Taco Bell & a traditional Mexican restaurant.  Anyone looking to try a new Mexican place with a bit of flare, I'd suggest you check this out.
2	Food was ok, but the main issue I had is the restaurant is NOT kid-friendly as it purports to be. There is gratuitous use of curse words on the menu and displays through the restaurant.
2	Tijuana flat falls flat for me.  They have some cool things/ideas going on but as a whole, they are not very good.  I hate to say that because I wanted to like them. I will say the service was super friendly but that is pretty much where the good things about this place stop.The salsa is gross.  The cheese dip is melted cheddar and nothing great, the guacamole is bland.  I ordered the chicken bowl and the rice was so dry as well as the chicken.  They were both pretty flavorless.  I added black beans and there were about 3 in there.  Overall, just a waste of calories and time.  I was 2 feet from Moe's which would have been a better option.  Seriously.
2	All I will say is the I liked the refried beans.  Really, you ask? Yes.  After two visits and trying a few different things Tijuana Flats is not worth the money and time.  My first visit I ordered a Taco Salad, which was decent.  The bottom of the taco shell was filled with stale rice and and topped with a pile of lettuce and tomatoes and maybe 10 pieces of chicken. The chicken was cooked well, but nothing great. As for the salsa bar, or hot sauce bar, UGH! All disgusting in my mind.  Tonight, craving Mexican after a long day at work I thought I would give them another try. I ordered the duo, a chicken burrito and a beef taco. A burrito is warm with sauce and cheese on top, right? No, this was a cold flour tortilla rolled up, basically a rolled taco. The beef taco was decent, but had so much lettuce and tomato it was hard to enjoy anything else.  And, the most disappointing point of both the burrito and the taco was that both had no meat filling.  I had a spoonful of beef and maybe less than 10 pieces of chicken.  With Bakersfield so close and Moe's down the street TF will not be my go to Mexican in the area. Sorry, I so wished more for them.
4	Mediocre food, fun setting. I personally did not care for it. Service was outstanding though! Great people work there.
5	This about to be a date night spot starting ASAP! You can't go wrong with anything on the menu!  #TacoTuesday for sure! This was my first yelp event and I have been soooo impressed.  The prices are good too so that is a huge PLUS! I love the atmosphere out here as well, it is very laid back and relaxing.
4	I tried out Tijuana Flats for the first time thanks to a yelp event. As a fan of Mexican food, I'm always willing to try as many places as possible. This place has a different vibe than your typical Mexican place. You won't find the typical cheesy Mexican restaurant decor at this place. They have brightly colored graffiti art covering the walls and tongue-in-cheek wall art. As part of the yelp event, I got to try the tijuana trio, jalapeno poppers, chicken soft tacos with rice and black beans, chicken flautas, beef burrito, and cookie dough flautas and cinnamon sugar churros.The tijuana trio (salsa, guac, queso) is a great appetizer. The chips are lightly seasoned and the guacamole is surprisingly delicious. I say 'surprisingly' because sometimes chain Mexican restaurants can make bland guac. Not the case here, though. I didn't try the salsa or the queso because the guac was holding my taste buds hostage.Jalapeno poppers were delish but HOT. Don't think because there's fried dough, sour cream and cheese that the heat is diminished because it is not.The chicken soft tacos and black beans were good but the rice was a let down as it was over cooked, as in crunchy rice pieces. This may have been due to the size of the event and having to prepare a large amount so quickly so I won't knock it too much. Chicken flautas and beef burrito were OK but not anything I'd order on my next visit.My favorite part was dessert. The cookie dough flautas (with chocolate syrup) were decadent and I'm still thinking about them. SO GOOD and I implore you ORDER THEM if you go. The churros were good but I've had better at other establishments.Overall, I will be coming back and trying out the other locations (there are more TF locations coming to an area near you in NC!).
4	Was here for a Yelp event. What a selection on the menu. Don't forget they have their Tuesday-Tijuana Tuesdaze special- Two Tacos, Chips and a drink for only $5.49. Did not want to forget their Throwback Thursdaze  for only $5.99.Fiesta time here at Tijuana Flats. Glorious food and delicious too.Chips with three dips all freshly made. All time favorite is the Guacamole.Was not prepared for the Atomic Bomb that totally blew me away. Felt like a cartoon character with stem coming out of my ears after biting into the jalapenos poppers. I do not have an iron stomach or gut. Bring it the water hose. It was not so bad after the first bite. By the second and third bite I did not feel a thing. My immunity built up to the hot and spicy stuff.The entrees were delicious. Chicken Tacos and Beef Burritos. Top of the evening with Churros and Cookie Dough Flautas.  Got my sugar fix for the evening.Excellent service by the entire wait staff. Coming over to check if we needed more drinks and how the food was.
5	This was my first time at TiJuana Flats and the customer service was excellent! I work in the customer service industry as well so I greatly appreciate good service. Rosie and her team we're lovely!!!
4	Okay food with 5 star service - it's not what you would expect from a fast casual restaurant but they have possibly the best service I have ever receive in any restaurant in Charlotte. Waitress greeted  us at the door and while it's self seating and order at the register, she took the time to walk us through the menus and tell us their special - $5.49 for two tacos, a side if chips and a drink! (Every Tues) I also noticed they have a burrito special on Thurs $5.99 for a burrito, chips and a drink. Both great deals. The employees continued to check on us refilling our drink and getting us anything we needed. When trying to find a place to throw out my trash when we finished, an employee assured me they would take care of everything . That statements sums up my experience at Tijuana Flats.As for the food, it was generally okay. However, the guacamole was so good that at $3.99 for a large container with chips, I don't think I will ever buy it from the grocery store again!  The salsa while not traditional Mexican style, which I typically prefer, I thought was great too. At $2.99 for a large container with chips, again I think it would be crazy not to pick this up over the grocery store kinds that can cost more than that for salsa alone. The tacos were as good as any other fast casual restaurant but nothing that would draw me back there on their own. Not bad just nothing special.
