4	What a great selection of shoes. I found a pair of Ecko's here for my 7 yr old and the 2nd pair was 1/2 off. The Skecher brand of shoe has always been durable and comfortable in my experience as well.
5	I have always been a fan of Skechers! They are comfortable, affordable, and last a long time (well, at least for me). I must have about 4 different pairs of Skechers at home. I really love the Women's D'Lites line. They are slip-on sneakers that are lightweight, provide great support, and are very easy to get in and out of!This store can get pretty crowded, especially on the weekends. But, customer service is pretty good. The employees have always been friendly and are more than happy to help you find your size. Also, the cashiers double-check the boxes to make sure that the right shoes are in there before you pay.They usually have a buy one pair, get a second one for 50% off deal going on, so if you like Skechers, you can get your shoes for a good price!
4	I love saving money!!  I was just browsing, and I did not expect to buy anything.  I found a deal that I could not pass up though.  I think that they normally have a buy 1 pair get the 2nd pair for half price.  I was able to get a pair of shape up shoes for $39.95 and a second pair of shoes for $14.97 (Orig. $44.95)!!  I used my shoes to go hiking at Red Rock Canyon later that week.  I haven't used the shape ups yet.  I probably won't need another pair of shoes for awhile....but if I do, then I will definitely go by here again.
4	I used to shop at this Skechers all the time until I discovered the mega store on East Flamingo.  Go there instead if you can!
4	I love Skechers! I own about 8 pairs and they are great for travel, sport, and walking (especially long distances).  When I travel to the US, I often will pick up a new pair or two and the outlets are great for their buy two and get the lower price one for 50% off which also applies on socks.  I had my eye on a certain style that was $85 in Canada, $65 in the US store, but I found a similar style at this store and with the deal, I got them for half price at $22.50! The shoes are lightweight and comfortable and I wore them walking around the strip for hours the next few days.When busy, this store can get cramped and hard to walk through the aisles looking, and trying on.  I also found it difficult to find sizes for the styles I wanted.  I'm glad there were sales associates around to help me get the right sizes off the high shelf.  I didn't see anywhere to sit and try them on so I did that right in the aisle.  But all minor inconveniences for the great prices to be had.  Great shoes, and prices!
