5	Let me pre-empt this review by stating that my standards for home repair are extremely high. I dont usually call electricians, landscapers, drywallers, painters, framers, roofers, plumbers, or mechanics because I can usually do it myself, or figure it out for more than half the cost of a pro. So needless to say that if I do call in a pro, it had better be up to my standards the way I would expect ME to do it. I will nitpick the heck out of anything that is done in my house. Now on to the review:I knew my AC was going out...for the 3rd time. It was only a matter of when. Cheap contractor grade AC in cookie cutter home, I expected it, and knew it was coming. Wahl Air Conditioning from the beginning was superb in customer service. My AC went out in my house this last Sunday night, so I called them first thing Monday morning. They said they could be out first thing later that morning to give me a quote. Being the responsible person that I am also called 2 other AC guys. One big name brand, the other another small guy. The big guys couldnt be bothered to see me until Wed. and the other small guy said he could be here that morning as well. The small company got here first and quoted me over 9700 for a new cadillac unit from American Standard. Ouch! They left and Wahl came in. They came in at 8700 for the same unit, but told me about the $1k rebate American standard offered, and that brought the price down to $7700 and Wahl was going to go the extra mile and fix a problem room I had, install a new intake grate, non of which the other company was going to do. And then to add icing on the cake, they rolled in a portable AC unit and told me how to block off a section of the house with sheets or plastic sheeting and the portable could keep that part of the house cool while they went to work. Nobody else offered that! I had visions of moving the family to a hotel or my brothers house until the work was done! They said they could begin work on Wed. Sold. They came Wed right at 8am and told me it would be a one day job. Awesome. They put sheets down on the floor where they had to traffic back and forth to access the air handler in the attic through my daughter's room, and were extremely polite, even asking permission before using a bathroom, or plugging tools into my outlets for power. They had to take the trim off the access door to the ceiling space and I was curious what kind of job they would do putting it back since these are AC guys, and not finishing carpenters. So the day ends, and lo and behold as they are charging the system they find a hole in the coil that the manufacturer had inadvertently created. It was evening by now, and they couldnt get a new unit until the morning, but for my troubles the offered to extend my 1 year warranty for labor up to 10 years to match the parts warranty. Small gamble on their part since I purchased a very well made unit, but it was more than I would have asked for because at this point you just have to suck it up and it gets done when it gets done. As it was the portable unit they lent me was doing just fine. They came the next morning and installed the new unit, charged it up,  and I had new AC by 10am Thur morning. I went and inspected everything and its beautiful. Even the trim work they tor down I cant even tell they removed it, new caulking on the seams and everything. Im in awe of the quality these guys presented for the price they charged. I found my new AC guys.The only con I can give them is that they dont accept Amex. Only Visa/MC, or a check. So be prepared because I wasnt. But that is my fault for not asking :P
5	Wahl Air conditioning did a fantastic job. We were impressed with their professionalism  and complete service. We have had problems with our ac unit for years. Wahl came in and inspected our whole house and figured out the problem. Previously we had been sold too big of a unit and the duct work was not properly installed after adding an additional room.  Wahl Ac put in a smaller unit reran the duct work and the difference is unbelievable. I only wish we would have used them the first time around and we would not have had to do it all over!  I have to say I always thought bigger was better and that's not always the case in AC. Our electric bill went down and the house is so comfortable. Before this the house was humid and one side was just not getting the air flow. I think I could do a commercial for this place! Thanks to them I have a new peace about having contractors work in our home. Its hard to find people that don't "find" something else wrong or don't "run into problems" and then you incur more cost. John at  Wahl had his guys do exactly what he told us would need to be done. He even came by and worked with them in the attic in the middle of the  summer to make sure it was going to be done on time. Thanks Dennis Wahl for creating a company that has integrity!!!!
1	My A/C broke down on a 112*F day.I called Wahl and they sent a technician; he was very nice, went on the roof, checkedthe unit, and came back to say that it might be fixed, but I should consider replacing itwith a new one. He said, you know, I can fix it now, it will probably be 600 bucks, then in a month you'll need to fix it again, pay about the same price, and it will just be like that until it's completely dead. I said, okay, I'll meet with your sales guy.The technician was kind enough to go back on the roof, to see if he could make it work for at least few days, till I get the new unit. Sadly, he couldn't.He charged me $70, company policy, he said, and left feeling sorry for me.And so I waited in my own private hell for the salesman to come.When he did, he too went on the roof, spent some time there, came back down, and said, sorry, it's dead. Then he showed me 3 units I could choose from, ranging from about 5,000 to  about 6,000 bucks. I said, I can't afford this, but thank you and I will let you know if and when I can.And then I called another company, Ocean Breeze Air. A technician came, climbed up the roof, came back within about an hour and turned the A/C on; it's working!I'm back to life again! The bill was for about $200. He said, who did you have up there? They really messed things up. Well, I only had Wahl up there.Just in case my unit dies on me for real, I asked for a quote for a new unit; apparently I can get  the same one Wahl's salesman showed me for $2,000 less. So, I must wonder: Doesn't Wahl have enough work that they try to sell me a unit inan inflated price? Or are they just not that good? Hmmm.Hey Wahl, you owe me 70 bucks; yeah, you!
5	Old fashion value company super good . great price is very professional came out at 8 in the morning was finished by  1  gave me a year supply of filters answered all my stupid questions new thermostat new filter cover went the extra mile on every point would use them without question very reasonably priced
5	It was the 29th of April and my a/c wasn't working properly. I had a very small window of time in the valley and needed it fixed quickly. I called Wahl Air Conditioning and scheduled a service tech to come have a look on the 4th of May. Later the same day I got a call from Wahl letting me know someone could be out the same afternoon. As it turned out  they took the motor (broken part) with them and returned with a new one letting me know I had a warrantee on the unit that would expire on the 30th. The next day. I appreciate a company who goes above and beyond to keep customers cool and happy. I saved a good deal of money due to the excellent service i received from this company
5	I just got my one year checkup they brought out filters , service check , transformer was going bad so they replaced it all free of charge Chris wahll came out and did an excellent job thank you so much again for all that you guys have done best service ever would recommend them to everyone  .
