2	Ok restaurant, good choice of pastas and pizzas. Wine list very limited, a little expensive for what it is. Service was nice and polite.My pizza Latino was too greasy for my taste, my daughter's quarto fromagi was clearly 'too flexible'. $110 for 3 is too high for what you get here.
5	Great specials every day.  Walked in for their breakfast special: 2 eggs, toast, potatoes and fruit.  All for just $4.95!They also have daily lunch specials at just $9.95.  My friend picked up the Margherita Pizza and liked it.
5	This is the only restaurant I have felt compelled to write a review about.  I visited Montreal in the last week of September and was ushered into the restaurant for dinner by Maurizio's cousin.  The restaurant was relatively empty and my first experience was that the beer taps weren't working so I had to stick with bottles.  Despite these warning signs we stayed, and am ever so glad that I did.  We ended up ordering a margharita pizza and penne in meat sauce - pretty standard items for an italian restaurant - and were more than a little surprised by the INCREDIBLE meat sauce, pizza dough, and general taste.  We have been to more than a few italian restaurants and, while I can't speak to authenticity or originality, these common dishes were certainly the best we had ever had.  I will be sure to make a stop here any time I am in Montreal.
3	I stopped here for a couple drinks and appy, but after a couple drinks I ended up ordering a rib eye.  That's how it goes sometimes!  It was very good.  What I enjoyed even more, however, was the atmosphere of the restaurant.  We were out on the patio, Fringe Fest was on so there was a lot of action!  I'd like to go back and try it when things are a little more quiet.  Service was very good, very attentive.  I'd definitely go back, maybe actually order an appetizer...
1	I honestly dont know why they are still open. I bought their livingsocial deal and it was about to expire so I hurried to use it with my boyfriend. As we we found the resto and entered, I found the decoration pleasing but as we sat down and saw the menu for our livingsocial coupon...NOT IMPRESSED! I found the prices for the appetizers to be ridiculous and not worth it. We were only allowed to pick a limit of 7$ for the appetizers which is ridiculous because there was only 2 items: the soup du jour and a really not so good bruschetta. I took the bruschetta and my boyfriend took the soup. I would NEVER pay 6.95$ for neither. After the main course had a limit of 17$. I took the 4 cheeses pizza which was really good because of its thin crust and my bf took a plain spaghetti cuz he is lactose intolerant. But cmon....16.95$ for a plain spaghetti screams overpriced! Last but not least, i wanted a classic italian dessert that was homemade....nothing was homemade on the dessert menu. very disappointing! I also really got annoyed because when i usually use a livingsocial coupon, I have never been asked to print it and I basically just show it and they write down the voucher number. The lady who is probably the owner, didnt stop annoying me about printing it and then she comes to me with a paper with their email and pressed me to email them the coupon and didnt stop harassing me about the damn coupon. really disappointed!!! Never again will I ever go to the resto! U have my word
1	Let me keep this brief.  Mediocre food at best and the lack of service is shocking. Waited for an hour for sandwiches and over dressed Caesar salad. Thanks but no thanks.
1	didnt want to honorate my TUANGO coupons for the date and time i've tryed to get a reservation... I've called 3 times, for 3 different days and times
3	Have been in this restaurant only for brunch. The food and service are OK. There are no egg whites on the menu, but the personnel was nice to substitute my eggs order. The latte and cappuccino may come in nice bowls depending on the size of your order.  The best of this place is the wonderful back yard terrace, nice spot for summer days.
1	Great location right on Blvd St. Laurent with tables right beside the public walk. The service is good and the staff is friendly, but.......... And this is a BIG but.........the food - not so good. The spaghetti with smoked salmon was 'swimming' in sauce and the smoked salmon was lost in the blend. The presentation was un-inspired and the flavour 'muddy'. The burger with blue cheese, burnt bun, un-evenly applied condiments, greasy fries, caesar salad dripping with dressing.The actual patty was obviously some cheap frozen burger, that had alot of water seeping out of it, as well as a strange texture.  In closing, way too expensive for what you receive. Never again!
1	This is not "authentic Italian food". We should have known it was going to be bad when no one else was in the front dining room. Are French Fries authentic Italian food? Just asking... Our meal started with bread service and olive oil for dipping. This was the highlight of the meal. The salad was drenched in mustard vinegar. Next up was our 24 dollar steak. Now when I order a 24 dollar main course I kinda expect the waiter to explain that it only comes with fries. No vegetables, no nice starch side, no authentic Italian anything. The steak itself was garbage quality, full of fat and bones. Lastly the waiter was in denial that this food sucked. I asked him what was a signature Italian dish? He just said pasta, it was obvious that we had a bad dining experience when we left over half the meat and the Authentic Italian French Fries on are plate. I'm not sure how desserts are here because we just left. In short DO NOT go here.
