1	Ever heard of customer service?! The man and woman that work there are unbelievably RUDE! I always dread going into the store because it puts me in a bad mood. It's the closest Asian market to my house and if they didnt sell empanadas on Saturdays, I would definitely make the drive to another market. I go in every Saturday and you'd think becoming a regular would get you better service... Nope! Ruder and ruder every time. THEY SHOULD BE THANKFUL FOR THE CUSTOMERS THAT KEEP THEIR BUSINESS OPEN.
1	the guy owner is rude and unfriendly!!!
2	I've been to this location dozens of times over the years...all due to the fact that I can't get pan de sal, siaopao and other similar items anywhere in my hood. BUT once one opens up, I'll be happy to part ways.I swear the owner lady is rude on purpose. She pretty much has no regard for anyone, especially customers. She saw me standing there with a basket full of stuff, and she continued to sweep, then sweep behind the counter.... for over 5 minutes before ringing me up. oh and there were 2 other people behind me in line. No sorry, no hello, no thank you. Previous times she'll talk on the phone and not acknowledge you... if you try to get her attention, she'll scowl and say "wait". Worse times she'll yell at her husband(?) and create a more uncomfortable experience. I had to walk out once.If I wasn't so lazy I would just drive a few more miles out to Spring mountain, but at this point, I just expect a miserable experience.If you're as lazy as me and in my neighborhood, don't say you haven't been warned.One star sounds fitting but the store itself crams a lot of Asian goodies at a pretty decent price in a small location. 2 reluctant stars.
1	I've been going to this place for a while. It's not because I really like it but because I have no choice. The staff is extremely rude, it's a miracle they're still in business! You'd think the owner's of this place would give better customer service than their employees  but unfortunately they happen to be the WORST of them all. The male owner had threatened a relative of mine a couple years back all because he asked for a cup of ice. TERRIBLE TERRIBLE. I wish I could give this place no star at all.
2	The previous reviews say it all. Everytime I go here it's like living an episode of Seinfeld. Rather than having to deal with the "Soup Nazi" I encounter the "Retail Nazis" LOL! Yes, being the closests/convenient Asian mart in the area, we all have to deal with their 3rd world antics. I guess there are a few things in life we may not understand, but we just have to accept them. Oh, can someone tell the owners (American husband & Vietnamese wife) they need to chill & smile... THE WAR IS OVER! LMFAO
3	Items are priced slightly above average, but they fill an immediate need without having to drive all the way to Chinatown.  Monkey needed Philippine broom, but settled for the Thai broom.  Kudos for the "fresh last night" sweet breads and pan de sal.  Get your persimmons on while they last!  Just noticed one of the local pics- they've got Magnolia Ice Cream!!!  Monkey hopes to find UBE MACAPUNO ice cream on the way home...
1	I agree with what the other person said about the lady behind the cash. She is a total raunch. I will NOT go back. I found another place to go get my wonton wraps, even though it is much further. Can't stand this place. I even gave them a chance thinking she just had a bad day/ month and came back 3 more times.. No.. Always like that. Except with certain other customers. Yup.. Sickening. She talked to the person behind me in a different language. She gives looks for even coming in.  :(( terrible.. How ae they still in business my hubby and I wonder. I wish there was a negative or nothing star.. Because I don't know how they condo even dan a star with this attitude in business. You feel crumby walking out.
1	1.5 stars is OVER rated for this store. The owner, Caucasian, will never say thank you when u buy something from his store. Moreover, i can feel that he doesnt want me to come back because i interrupted his sport games on TV, LoL.Another owner, Vietnamese lady, like husband like wife, will stare at u once u walk in. I dont know why, may be, they moved from downtown Detroit with bad neighbors.Their items are over priced. A bottle (16.9 fl oz) of soy sauce costs about $4.5, WTF!Please give them a visit and confirm my GREAT experience.
1	Don't bother. Your time will be wasted, literally. It's not even worth it. Rude owners. I stood behind the counter for more than ten minutes. I just left the groceries on the counter and left. The owner was right there the whole time and didn't acknowledge his customers that we're waiting in line. He just kept cleaning and fixing things around the store. One customer even said something. He still didn't bother to look up or hear us. Really?
1	The owners are just flat out rude in this store. I think there was only one time they actually said thank you when the person finished ringing me up. The owner (caucasian) married to an asian woman not sure what specific type of asian she is but she is just so rude as well. She won't ever say thank you to you, she won't even greet you as you come into the store. And if she does say thank you it's so fake and it sounds like she's just mad. She never looks at you in the eye.. which is a pet peeve of mine. Like what is up with these owners? This one time my aunt and I went here and my aunt was digging up change in her coin purse so that we would give her an exact amount, and she just waited there staring at my aunt with this smirk. It totally bothered me and my aunt. Once we finally got out of the store we were like what the.... Like how rude, my aunt that was visiting for a few days and she even thought the customer service sucked. The vibe in the store is just not great at all. Every time I go in here I just want to get out as fast as possible. Things are overpriced as you would expect. They do have an assortment of vegetables and canned goods but the customer service sucks! I love their filipino ice cream and mochi but I only go here if I absoletely am forced to. There seems to be new employees who are WAYYYYY nicer than the owners THANK GOD. So I am very happy when I see them cause they actually say hi and thank you, have a good day. I also get my baking pans here which are cheap. Oh and they don't let you pay with a debit card if it's under $10 which is totally stupid, so make sure you have cash if you know what youre getting is under $10. Or else you'll be like me trying to buy all these unhealthy chips just so I could make it to 10$
3	This asian market is the most convenient from my home and it's where I buy my food staples such as banana ketchup, instant ramen, sweet cured sausages (longanisa), pints of mango sorbet and an assortment of familiar snacks. Fried chicken skins, anyone? Not sure if I can call it a Vietnamese market with it's wide range of asian products from Japanese to Filipino. The store is small and may not have everything you'll need in one stop but it's packed to the gills with asian frozen foods, snacks, beverages, pastries, kitchen supplies and even asian video rentals. I haven't experienced the blatant rudeness mentioned in other reviews but one doesn't usually get service with a smile at this place, which is unfortunate for a small neighborhood store.
1	if i could give this store zero stars i would. stars don't even exist when i am talking about this market. i sent my daughter to go all the way down there to get me some asian spices to make pho and they wouldn't let her in because she was under 18. i have met the owner before and she is the rudest hag ever. i don't know why i even go there. there is a new asian market that opened up on blue diamond. go there instead!!
1	Can I give a review without granting a single star?My dad came home pissed off because he was at this Asian market since 9:30 am.  The sign on the door said they will open at 10 am on 4th of july.  More people began to show up outside the store, waiting for it to open.  At 10 or so, the owner was there and visibly changed the written 10 am to 11am.  People were complaining to him saying they've been waiting, and he just turned around and walked away from everyone without a word spoken.p.s. his restaurant down the street (DT's) sucks too. This is actually the last time me or my family will be coming here.  The store always feels unwelcoming and the owner needs to get off his high horse and smike, and greet his guests with kindness.   For lack for a better word, he's a dick.
1	The owner guy is a miserable grump and he carries a gun on his hip to protect his overpriced products. He needs to lose the gun and find a personality.
1	I bought an upo squash to cook for dinner. After a few peels the squash was rotten tried  to return it the next day. I didn't have the receipt anymore but clearly they can see the written price on the plastic wrap and the little girl will not accept it. She claimed it's their policy not to accept anything without a receipt but yet she said she remembered me  buying the item...really? I spend average 50 to 70 dollars on that store! And I swear they just lost a costumer and it's not so much for the price it's the principle!
1	This place is not deserving of a single star.  What the hell is their problem?  Absolutely rude!,,,don't be in business if you can't greet or say thank you to your customers.  As close as this place is to my house, I would rather drive across town to get courteous service.  The entire family starting w the white guy to his wife! Horrible rude owners
5	They have an okay selection of items.  It's my first stop before going to spring mtn.  No one has ever been rude to me.  Good small asian shop.
5	It's a small joint, the prices are good, decent selection, the workers were nice. It is what it is. All the complaints I read are funny and justifiable I'm sure. I guess I was lucky today.
