2	In short, one of the most boring meals I have ever eaten.Las Cazuelas is about a block from our apartment, so my boyfriend and I decided to try it on Thursday night when we were both tired and the streets were still nigh-impassable from Wednesday's snowstorm.  We were seated quickly by pleasant waitstaff at a table near the fire, which both of us appreciated.After that, however, service was relatively slow and lackluster, despite the near emptiness of the restaurant.  My boyfriend got one refill on his iced tea throughout the meal.  After clearing the plates, our waitress returned with the check without even asking if we were interested in dessert (despite a display of various cheesecakes and whatnot just inside the front door), or if I wanted another glass of wine.The food itself was incredibly bland.  I had the chicken enchiladas, which tasted like unflavored grits with (overly dry) protein strips and a thin topping of, possibly, diced tomato.  It was as if the cook had never heard of spices, including salt and pepper.  The beans and rice were not objectionable, but were also completely lacking in any spice or flavor.This seems like the perfect place to take an extremely picky 5-year-old.  If you actually like Mexican food, go somewhere else.
4	I think this place is fabulous. I have been there twice and been completely satisfied. I agree with the previous statement that the place itself is a little boring due to the lake of customers but I found the waitstaff completely attentive and friendly. Plus, a bonus I had a groupon so it was a great deal as well!
1	We Never had potatoes in enchiladas before, not good. Asked for more salsa and chips, they never came, marguerites were lousy. Service was very poor. With all the Mexican choices this doesn't cut it.
3	I'm surprised by how many extremely negative reviews there are of this place. I've been there twice. The first time, I got tamales that were a little dry and fairly unimpressive. I went back recently and got tacos (I ordered the al pastor tacos, and asked for one of them to be switched out so I could try a huitlacoche taco as well). The tacos were quite good; I was surprised by how much I liked the huitlacoche one (it had zucchini and lots of garlic besides the corn-fungus). My complaint would be that the tacos did not have tons of food in them, but I have to say that I was full when I finished, so maybe that's not so bad. My boyfriend was very happy with his veggie fajitas. The best thing about this place is that they make their own refried beans, which might not sound like a big deal, but in a town of Sysco-fied Mexican fare, that's pretty special, and you can really taste the difference.
4	Really Enjoyed it!  Great from the start through the end of the meal. The Guacamole was excellent.   Had one of the Wood Fired Oven Entrees the Chamorro and it was fantastic...falling off the bone tender fantastic.
2	Went here for a workday lunch, waited over an hour for food and finally told them we'd just take it to-go.  They were very apologetic, comped everything.  Got back to the office and realized that they had messed up my order.  Two chile rellenos instead of the chile relleno and tamale.  The relleno was filled with runny cheese, no meat, and was awful.  Hate to write negative reviews, but this one seems deserved.
