4	Only been there once, so my rating may change (probably go to 5 stars).  It's always a little hard to judge hair places off one or two visits.  A friend recommended Timothy's, so I decided to check it out, and I wasn't disappointed.  I had Tim (owner and namesake) doing my hair, so I can't comment on the other stylists, but I was very pleased.  My friend said that Tim has a really good eye for what works for you, and I'll back that up.  He and the receptionist are also very nice and personable.  The only critiques I'd have are atmosphere-related.  The entrance is a little shabby, and the inside doesn't feel very cozy and spa-like.  The hours are good, though; I was able to get an appointment at 6, so I didn't have to shuffle work around much to get in there, and there's a huge public parking lot nearby.  (Enter west off Shady, about 100 feet north of Forbes.  There's a pedestrian alley at the far west end of the lot that dumps you onto Forbes right near Timothy's.)  Long story short is that it's an excellent cut at a great price.  (I think mine was about $25 for a guy's cut, but I can't remember the exact price.  I was paying a bit more in one of the cheaper salons in Atlanta.)
4	Okay.  I'm revising again, but down this time.  I was being over-generous because of Tim.  He's still really awesome, but the business itself could use a little work.  The other services I've had are only average, and the place could use a lot of work on atmosphere and decor.  It's a big, cavernous space - 10-12 chairs all in rows with no separation between them, hair washing basins out in the middle of the floor, tiny changing room with no shelves for sweaters, and the whole place is cold linoleum tile (very cold in the winter.)  The entry stairwell is shared (with some kind of medical office, I think), but it's not very inviting, either - shabby carpet and scuffed-up walls.Tim scores a 5.The salon itself is probably closer to a 2.I'll be back every six weeks for as long as I live in Pittsburgh, but I'll grumble about the non-Tim elements after every visit.Now that I've been there twice, I'm upgrading my rating.  (Note that I've only had Tim - THE Timothy - do my hair, so I guess this is really a review of him.)  I think stylists tend to have a rough time with my hair; it's really thick and very dry.  It either has to be extremely long or extremely short (a la my old army high & tights) to look normal.  I don't know what in the hell Tim did, but it behaves better than it ever did before.
5	I've only ever gone here for eyebrow waxes, but this place is delightful. The staff is super sweet, made up of real people and not salon-robots. The space is clean, bright, and well-lit. The services are priced fairly, and the results are top-notch. I never spoke to anyone who had a bad experience here, and I asked around a lot because I'm so crazy protective of my eyebrows. It is up two flights of stairs and a landing, and I don't know if they have any wheelchair accessibility. It's tough for heavy smokers to make it up all those stairs.
1	Do not whatever you do. Do not go here to get your eyebrows waxed whatsoever. There is only one girl that does eyebrows and she has absolutely no clue what symmetry means. I walked out of there with my eyebrows completely UNEVEN and mishapen. Timothy, I reccommend you employ someone new.*NOTE* My rating is based on Eyebrow Waxing. Unfortunately I do not get my nails done. EVER. So please keep in mind when reading my review for this location that it is solely based on my experience with waxing and waxing ONLY.
5	Miss Rose does a great job with kids.  She has nintendo, movies, cartoons, and a big play room for waiting kids and siblings.  She is pleasantly chatty with parents.  She wasn't even mad we were late (although I don't recommend being late).  Great place for kids, and she'll even do a "princess" style at the end; the little one I accompanied got the "Belle" from "Beauty and the Beast," it was very cute.
4	Disclaimer another review of Timothy's having only experienced getting haircuts with Tim.Tim is awesome! No doubt 5 starts. I am a guy and like to keep my hair a little bit on the longer side and always had lots for trouble finding someone who would cut it reasonably. Tim has always done a great job and cutting my hair for the 2.5 years that I have been going here. He puts a lot of effort into every haircut and makes sure you are happy.Tim is also a really cool guy and great to chat with, which make the whole experience much more pleasant.Everything else that people say about the decor being bare and the place being cavernous and empty is true, but that never really bothered me much.I highly recommend Tim and will miss going to him when I leave Pittsburgh.
