5	Definitely the best coffee house I've ever frequented, and I used to frequent this place a lot back in the days when I'd have to hunker down with my 6 novels a week for school.  Tons of tables, lots of menu options, yummy bakery case stuff, ready copies of The Onion, cool, friendly staff, and walls covered in ever-changing artwork for sale by local artists.These peeps know how to make a skim chai latte like no other.
3	The coffee is okay (not amazing, but you can feel good about yourself for drinking it because it's fair trade), but the staff is intermittently rude or nice. There's this one dude who at least worked there a while ago who yelled at me for ordering a "mint mocha" instead of a "grasshopper," as it's called on their menu. I didn't go back there again for a long time.The vegan peanut butter chocolate bars are amazing, though - and really easy to make at home should you be so inclined.
3	For what you can do with coffee in this fair city, Fair Trade is not even fourth runner-up.  The interior lacks character and the staff ranges from somewhat knowledgable about coffee to completely clueless.  During the summer, they keep it nice and cool inside -- a perfect oasis for the air conditioning-less. (2.5 stars if I could)
3	Uh, ok, type of place. This is a sister-place of Michelangelo coffee house that's on upper State Street. So they have the same coffee, tea, pastry, and cake ... selections. I kind of liked their hot sandwich service. That is, if you prefer, you can ask them to toast their pre-made sandwich on their panini machine. I thought it was nice touch. It sort of makes up for the fact that in this town, you can't get made-to-order sandwich in a coffee shop (I miss SF Bay Area). Bring cash, or you'll have to withdraw money from their ATM machine with $2 fee - and realize that with that $2, you could buy a cup of Joe.
2	Super expensive and not necessarily Fair Trade!  A dirty chai will set you back about $5 for a 12 oz. mug and their baked goods resemble Costco or some other cheap amalgamation of mass produced croissants.  I used to study here in the winter but I'll take the extra bike ride down to Indie or Barriques.
4	Coffee shop/cafe on state street.   You're going here to do some studying/work, so What You Need To Know1.  Very easy to get a seat in the early afternoon/late evenings.  During winter afternoons it's very empty.  Who wants to walk all the way out there in the cold, right?2.  Lots of places to plug in.  Sit by the wall and you'll find one.3.  Two dollars for a coffee.  Dollar refills.  Coffee is standard imitation starbucks.  4.  Clean.  Bathroom is always impeccable.  I've been here a million times and I've NEVER found the bathroom dirty.5.  WIFI is pretty reliable, but it can be slow at times.  Just ask the staff to reset it if you can't get on.  Best to ask around and be able to say a bunch of people can't get on.Um, anything else?  This place is a great study spot.
4	Delicious drinks and very good food. Free, reliable WiFi, lots of seating, and a fun atmosphere. Generally one of the quieter coffeeshops, so more conducive to studying, and if you want to people-watch, they have lovely windows up front.Only complaint is that their drinks are small for the price you pay, but always delicious. Very clean and friendly and a great option if you need to plug in.
3	I have a certain affection for coffee shops that aren't mega chains.  Now don't get me wrong I spend a great deal of time in mega chains but I really enjoy the "regular" coffee shops.  Well after dinner I decided to step into Fair Trade.  First thing I noticed where all of the people that were on their laptops with their ipods plugged in their ear.  It so made me recall the college days (pre laptops and ipods) I also noticed that I was able to order a tall coffee for $2.00.  WOW!! As someone that drinks wayyy to much coffee this was great. I noticed that they have a garden patio so when it warms up people can come and literally spend all day.  Very nice.One thing to remember..don't even THINK about using a debit/credit card.  Cash only!  (ATM right outside)
4	Fair Trade is one of my favorite cafes to go to, mainly because they offer a nice selection of coffees, pastries and foods. In a pinch you could even have a semblance of lunch here, unlike Espresso or chain-y coffee places around.  I recommend the spinach mushroom quiche.. :-)I like the big window for people watching and the seating out front to sit at during the summer.. The people who work here are all nice and helpful, too.Overall, while its not necessarily your most interesting coffee shop around, its a nice setting to get work done, camp out on your laptop (as I'm doing there right now), or just people-watch at one of the busier corners of State St.
5	Near the end of our downtown journey we wanted some sweet. We hopped into Fair Trade Coffee House and I got a muffin and a diet coke, my brother got an iced chai and a scone and total it came out to $9.75. So average coffee house prices. They had a nice selection of sweets and a really nice atmosphere. It's littered with college kids and their laptops.Service was friendly and our sweets were yummy. Will stop again when I'm in that part of town.
3	Nice location, nice decor... mediocre coffee. Maybe it's the barista, maybe it's the machine, maybe it's just bad coffee. I have it on good authority that the tea is excellent, however.
4	Four words:  MEXICAN HOT CHOCOLATE...YUMAnother four words: HOLY CRAP IT"S LOUD
4	A really nice coffee shop! The Chai Charger was delicious, and the rest of the coffee menu looked good!Great atmosphere with tons of seating, nice background music, and the employees are very nice and engaging. Great place to sit and read, study, or work. I will definitely be returning!
4	Cute decor, quiet/academic ambiance, good music, fair trade products, yummy desserts... this place is quickly becoming my favorite Madison coffee shop. (Not that I'm in Madison *all* that often...)It's situated on State St., so it's kind of centrally located to where I usually am when I'm in Madison. And who doesn't like little independent spots like this? I'd rather hit up a local place than a Starbucks any day of the week. (Places like Fair Trade Coffee have far more character and a far better vibe than a place like Starbucks could ever, ever have, IMHO.)Worth noting is that Fair Trade is a cash-only coffee shop, but they do have an ATM available... unlike some other cash only spots. (This infuriates me... when cash only spots don't have ATMs.)Three cheers for Fair Trade in Madison! :)
2	I hate Starbucks!  I hate being  served quickly by courteous employees!  It's all so corporate!  I'd much rather go to Fair Trade Coffee where I can pay a $2 ATM surcharge to eventually get my drink and/or rock-hard scone while I listen to employees complain about one another... I mean, please-- beyond the "fair trade" gimmick what distinguishes this place at all from any coffee shop on state street (or any other street in the USA)?$2 surcharge=unacceptable.
3	Being in Madison to protest Scott Walker this past weekend was like being back in my leftist college days again.  Not because I went to Bucky U, but because of the "we might actually win this one" vibe.  Though there was a difference between then (East Lansing in the mid-1990s) and now.  Back then I used to boycott Starbucks because they didn't use Fair Trade products.  Had this place existed in my college days, I would have been a regular on name and ethics alone (except their cash only policy might have been a problem to my credit happy self).  Nowadays, I'll still bypass the mermaid for an indie shop if possible but the big chain changed company policy, so I changed my buying habits.But one thing still bothers me about the world's coffee giant - its uniformity.  In the name of corporate branding, all Starbucks stores look generally the same with no "local flavor" (to borrow the Yelp term) about them.  And, unfortunately, this jumbo local coffee house (the amount of seating is immense) is similar.  In fact the whole place seemed sterile, uniform and big businesslike.  There were no flyers for local bands.  No local art.  No local 'zines to be perused.  There seemed to be nothing Madisonian about it.However, the staff, all clad in UW red for solidarity with the marchers (though I do wish the store would have done something more the just this symbolic act and putting a sign denoting suppot behind the register), did an outstanding, efficient, assembly line job of getting a long line out the door quickly.  This was especially impressive since it's not every day that 300,000 people descending on Madison to scream at the Governor to resign.And my peppermint tea was very good.  The way they stick the bag to a stirrer to let it seep is ingenious (is Wisconsin famous for its Engineering program?).  But my spinach and cheddar sandwich was as flavorless as the decor.  In Wisconsin.  Where cheese is king!  A cheddar sandwich should be impossible to mess up.  And it was tiny.  Not nearly as good as the food at Starbucks.  Now maybe since I'm older I now enjoy the taste of exploitation or something, but I would have loved the best of both worlds - a good coffee shop light food offering in a pleasant setting.  This wasn't it.
5	This is one of my favorite coffee houses in Madison.  I highly recommend getting a "chai charger".  Chai tea with two shots of espresso for good measure :)
5	Had a very good chicken sandwich with some sort of roasted pepper pesto sauce that was excellent.  Very good coffee as well, served in a cool setting with lots of unique art on the walls. Met the owners; great people who also own another independent coffee house down the street - Michelangelo's.
4	Love it here!!! The coffee is lovely, the ambiance is calm, the back patio is wonderous.Great place to study and drink coffee.
4	When you walk into Fair Trade, you'll note the shelves of flavored syrups all along the back wall. Everything from marshmellow to cinnamon to lime and coconut, their selection of sugary squirts in your coffee allows you an endless assortment of flavors. Jazz music fills the room and local art is displayed for your viewing pleasure. There is not much privacy, with the tables being so close. That's ok  though, you can make a new friend!I can't forget to mention the baked goodies. Peanut butter squares anyone?
1	The espresso was just disappointing. I probably had my hopes set a little too high, but Fair Trade Coffee did not beat out Starbucks in my mind which in my opinion is where the bar is set if you want to be a coffee shop. Granted they do serve their espresso in a variety of flavored drinks, but I got both a shot of espresso and a mocha. I ended up pouring the espresso shot into the mocha and then throwing the new more sinister concoction away. I even asked the clerk behind the counter about the coffee before I drank it and he spewed something about it being light and aromatic but he clearly didn't have any clue what he was talking about. Espresso is supposed to taste like you don't want to stop drinking it and not like you want to stop drinking it as soon as possible.
4	I am a big fan of their chicken chipotle sandwich! It just serves my tastebud right. I love their black-forest mocha, but don't really like the almond mocha. Oooh, they have a delectable biscotti too! Worth buying. This is also my place to study if I am bored with my apartment and libraries.
1	My boyfriend and I wanted to work at a nice coffee place after a huge lunch. The decor is nice, and we managed to find this nice quiet spot in the back that's very conducive for work.However, when I get my iced mocha and my bf his iced coffee, we were sorely disappointed. It's worse than Starbucks, and that's pretty much the standard. The iced mocha tasted like iced chocolate soy milk (I got soy milk instead of regular milk). It was too sweet, too creamy. I doubt there was much coffee in it at all. I'm now struggling to finish it and that's just not how mocha is supposed to be. At most places, I'm finishing up the iced mocha so quickly like it's water. That's just how I decide what's good mocha and what's not. This place clearly has pretty bad coffee but people still come here probably because of the name Fair Trade and the nice environment for work/chilling out.
5	Love the way it's run relaxed perfect for study ,reading or just enjoying the window in state st,I love to find unconventional treats and teas,art is another thing I like to check too
5	I would be outrageously betraying my undergrad self if I didn't give Fair Trade a freaking fantastic review. I may as well have left my toothbrush and started forwarding my mail there given how many hours I spent hermiting it UP in the back of that place. Thanks for the good grades, FTC!The tea is the way to go. A strong selection of loose-leaf Fair Trade stuffs (duh). I opted for blackberry enough times that they would try to sell it to me in bulk. Can't you see I'm buying a mug just for the right to park myself here for hours and hours and hours? The food is okay. Soup can be hit or miss, baked goods are the same. I will stress that this is a place to get a caffeinated beverage of choice and sit with work. Just the right amount of ambient noise and lighting... now get away from my outlet.
1	I love Fair Trade. The atmosphere is great, especially in the back near the fireplace, and the coffee is excellent. But the customer service is lacking. While studying on a busy Saturday I was approached by the owner and asked if I could please purchase something or leave because of customers looking for a place to sit. I, waiting for a friend to return and not wanting to leave our computers/phones unattended, waited to purchase a drink. I was approached a second time and scolded for still not having bought anything. I explained to the owner my plan to wait for my friend, but she would not listen. To make this worse, there is a sign in Fair Trade that says "Thieves are afoot. Do not leave valuables unattended." Interesting how that's what I was trying to do but I was chided for it. I am not impressed!
4	Fair Trade boasts:A large, open seating area with plenty of outlets along the walls,A kickin' vegan pumpkin chocolate chip muffin,A mean chai charger,And free wifi (which doesn't even require a password).I don't really know what else you need in a study spot. (:
4	One of my favorite places to go hang out with friends or work when I'm downtown, especially in nice weather when I can enjoy the hanging garden-like back patio.The drinks are always decent; the baked goods are tasty (with GF and vegan options available regularly); the wifi is reliable and free; the bathrooms are consistently clean, regardless of how busy the cafe is; and the staff are friendly.
1	My mom and sisters came for a visit.  My mom wanted coffee, so we stopped into Fair Trade Coffee on State St. Madison, WI.  The coffee was so-so, the smoothies were NOT good, but worst of all was the service.  A girl with blue hair and a girl with brown hair twice were rude to my mom when she asked for a to-go cup two separate times.  The service is terrible and we will NEVER go there again.Also, everything is expensive and they expect you to give a tip.  It's ridiculous.  Bad service with gross food/drinks at a high cost to me does not equal fair nor does it equal anything worthy of a tip.  Never again.
4	Needed a little mid afternoon java jolt while perusing along State St one day and this coffee shop was recommended by another local shop.  I was immediately welcomed by a lovely lady, who I came to find out was the owner. She was so gracious and helped me pick out my afternoon treat which was a Gluten Free Pumpkin Chocolate muffin and a dark roast coffee. WOW! Both were delish and left my taste buds singing. The muffin was moist and the coffee was strong with no bitter after taste. There is plenty of seating in this place with a little hide away in the back. As stated in other reviews, it is a good place to do school work or writing with free wifi.  The place was clean and for $5 I was fueled up and ready to get back to State street shopping. I will for sure go here again!! Love you Fair Trade Coffee!!
4	The coffee is awesome no bitter aftertaste *cough Starbucks cough* Taking a vaction day from work. Decided after working out I deserve a great cup of coffee and a huge fattening delicious muffin. Love the shop, bright inviting. The poor girl very patient as I couldn't decide what yummy pastry I wanted.I so recommend big ups to the staff all so nice. Also love the free wifi which is awesome so I can check  reviews on nail salons for a pedi.
4	My favorite of the State Street coffee shops.  It's about mid-way between the Capitol and Campus so it's half business half pleasureWhy it's superior to Espresso Royale, Steep and Brew and Starbucks:-sandwiches are bomb-tons of VEGAN and gluten free options  (the vegan bar is a mass of peanutty chocolately richness)-fair-trade coffee!-the best people watching--grad student types mostly--gives it a fun, interactive -but laid-back vibe.  No one will give you dirty looks for talking with friends but it's quiet enough to study-super friendly staffWhat it's missing: -It's more expensive ("the real price of coffee!" shout the hippies)-It has not stamp card so no reward for customer loyalty
4	I was surprisingly pleased with Fair Trade.  On a sweltering day in June, the AC was awesome.  There are many tables--which I imagine fill up when students are around--and a handful of comfy chairs.  There are some outlets, but not as many as I'd expect at what I'd presume is a hot study spot.  I ate a decent baklava, which was huge for the price I paid ($2.50).  If I lived in the area I'd go back to Fair Trade as well as Michelangelo's.
5	Never been to a better coffee shop! The staff here are even better than the coffee!! I also enjoyed one of their many vegan options & had the Zucchini muffin. ..yummm. Come enjoy this place!
3	Stopped in the other day for a midday coffee. It was very busy. One of our drinks was prepared with cow's milk instead of the almond milk requested. They remade the drink, but one of the barristas was overheard saying, 'I know she didn't say almond milk'. (Actually, yes, she did.) Rude. The coffee is Equal Exchange brand, which isn't a favorite, but it's ok. The ordering line and path to add your add-ins is very narrow and crowded, and my coffee was almost knocked out of my hand by someone else making their way through. I wouldn't go out of my way to stop here again unless in dire need of caffeine.
