4	I use couriers on a regular basis. There are many services in the valley and I've had luck with several. Hot Shot is one of the best. They have been my primary courier service for the last two years and I'm very pleased.One thing I like about Hot Shots is that they have small pickup trucks and large box trucks for larger items. Think about that next time you have something to pickup or drop off 40 min on the other side of the valley. Even moreso for those of you that need to borrow or rent a truck & drive across town. Call Hot Shots next time and forgettaboutit.ProTip - If you get your act together before noon or 1pm, you can opt for the 4 hour service and save some coin. They offer 2hr, 4hr, and maybe 1hr too.
2	I ordered an item through wayfair and received a call for delivery from a Brian. He sounded nice on the voice message but when I ended up speaking with him and trying coordinate shipping options, he was very rude. It seemed like he didn't want to help me and came off as condescending when I was just seeking clarity on their process. He kept saying things like "but that's not guaranteed" or "I don't know I'm not the one delivering it" or "you would know better than me." I ended up telling him to put me down for a 6-10am window since it was the only realistic option and he couldn't guarantee they would be delivering on the next weeekend. He said he needed to just call me back but at that point i decided i would call next week in hopes i would get someone with better customer service. He called back but didn't leave a message. Driver showed up at 730 when I wasn't home.The only reason I'm giving this 2 stars is because the contracted driver Michael was accommodating and waited for me. It was an easy delivery, I just wish my experience with hot shot had been less frustrating.
1	If you have any other choice, do NOT use this company and that lady, they will lie on the paper and I end up lost my case, they stated on the court paper that they did serve the paper to my ex and even said they talked to her, but my ex had 7x24 camera and it did show they even showed up on that day/time on theri paper, in order to collect the money, they will LIE!!!!
