5	Had a shoulder surgery over a week ago and I cant shave. :0(  Headed to Jessica to get the works.  I'll let you know how it goes.
5	Jessica was fabulous and quick!!!  All of it only took an hour and probably because we were talking...ZEasy to find location and great suite.  Thanks Jessica.
5	I bought a living social deal to JT aesthetics for an eyebrow wax and Brazilian; I'd never heard of this place before, but it was a great deal!  Anyway, I had a great experience.  Jessica (the owner and aesthetician) was so friendly, professional, and did a great job.  I've been waxed at several different places, but this was as painless as possible and like I said, she is very good at it.  Definitely recommend her and this business and will be returning:)
5	Years ago, while living in another city, I had eyelash perms and tint applied every 4 to 6 weeks and was always happy with the results.  Since moving to Phoenix 3 years ago, I have tried at least 4 different places at least 6 times (sometimes mistakingly allowing the same place a second shot at getting it right.)  No one has been able to make this service work until I tried JT.  She is wonderful!  I am so happy to once again wake up with beautiful dark curly lashes that I don't have to spend 10 minutes trying to achieve every day.  I highly recommend her.  She is professional, affordable, and achieves desired results.
4	Came to JT Aesthetics for my first-ever lash tinting. It was only $20 and took less than 20 minutes. Jessica is super friendly and also offers other tinting treatments. Not to mention she waxes and has spray tanning available too.She's located in a building where there are other nail/hair care services.
5	I bought a Living Social deal because I needed a quick eyebrow wax and a brazilian that was close to my house. I went on my lunch break and Jessica was amazing. I've had a lot of waxes and her services were by far the best. Quick, professional and very detailed. I will definitely come back! :)
5	I was in one of my best friends weddings this weekend and, yes, I waited til the last minute to do anything about my see-through completion. I found Jessica on Yelp and gave her a call. She was able to fit me in on an hours notice and was super friendly and made me totally comfortable! I've never had a spray tan, but I would totally do it again with her! I was complemented on my sun-kissed skin and no one could believe that I had a spray tan. Thanks again for saving the wedding pictures ;)
5	Got my spray tan and I'm loving it! Looks natural. Jessica totally saved me from being a pasty, pregnant bridesmaid. Her office is really private and she's very sweet. Thanks Jessica!
5	I got a livingsocial coupon for JT Aesthetics- two airbrush tans, eyebrow wax and brazillian wax. She is amazing at what she does. Both times after my tans people kept telling me how great my skin tone and complexion looked....I got a custom tan before an important Ball in Florida and it made my night! I just got another one before my graduation and now for my graduation pictures for years to come I will have an awesome tan in them! I highly recommend Jessica to anyone and everyone.
5	Jessica is fantastic!  She has a tiny private salon space, which is just the right size for stripping down without feeling awkward or like you are being put on display.  :) She is super friendly while still maintaining the professionalism you want from someone who is seeing your  ....  .... parts.  LOL!  I had an airbrush tan - she customizes the color lever for you and was great with advice about how dark I should go.  The color is great - I never thought that my white self could look so naturally tan!  Even better, when I was paying she let me know that as a first time Yelper client I got a discount!  I will deff be back soon.  Thx Jessica!
4	I found Jessica through a Groupon purchase and I still go to her! She is meticulous when it comes to her waxing and excellent with spray tanning. I didn't look orange and got lots of compliments. I have recommended her to others. I never feel pressured to purchase more services. She's great at what she does.
5	Jessica is an excellent aesthetician! I went in today for a Brazilian wax, she was very friendly and made great conversation throughout which totally distracted me from pain and made it go by so quickly!She did an excellent job and had great attention to detail and is educational. She is also affordable as she charges $55 for the wax. I will definitely be back and I'm so happy I finally found a great place to go for routine waxing. Thanks Jessica!
4	Jessica is detailed when it comes to her waxing and excellent with spray tanning.  She is very friendly and makes me very comfortable. She is great!
5	Jessica is awesome!! I've always wanted to get a Brazilian wax, and have just never gotten around to it. I searched Yelp for a place with good reviews, because, you know -- you need someone who's really good with that for your first one (and every one after that, quite frankly). I decided on her salon based on all the 5-star reviews. She's a one-woman shop with a tiny salon that's perfect for her and one other person, and this is where she does waxing and tanning. I haven't tried the tanning, but I probably will. I wasn't sure what to expect with this wax, other than OUCH, but she was great at conversation which helped take my mind off of it...as much as possible, anyway. She gave good pre-wax advice, which I followed. Her prices are reasonable. I'm very happy with the results and will definitely be back! Jessica's salon is in the "C" building, if I remember correctly, and definitely on the bottom floor. Walk in through the glass doors and follow the signs to her suite.
5	I do not let anyone near my eyelashes unless I am convinced they know what they are doing. I do lashes for a living. When I decided I needed a lash perm I searched high and low for the person. I found a good review on lash perm specifically with Jessica. She was prompt and courteous in returning my call and booking an appointment. She was there waiting for me and her well appointed clean private studio.  It was nice being on the other side being a client and having someone else provide a service which is usually what I do. Jessica discussed with me the results I could expect told me the process and what stood out is she continually checked in with me and asked about my comfort level when she was applying the lash perm. Heard touch was gentle and she had a nice energy to her. She was warm sincere and professional. I never once heard her smack her gum talk on her phone text or do anything that would make me feel like I was not the only thing in JT aesthetics universe deserving 100% attention.  When she unveiled my permed lashes they were also tinted and I was very happy, I still am very happy. I have since booked another appointment and look forward to a long lashing relationship with Jessica.
5	So I heard of JT Aesthetics thru a really awesome deal on groupon. I made an appt with the owner of the salon Jessica who was so nice ad sweet! I let her know right off back that I get very nervous when getting spray tanned because your having to get pretty much booty naked and expose all the flaws infront of a complete stranger. she made me feel extremely comfortable right off the back. The entire experience was EXTREMELY professional and comfortable which made the experience so much better!  I will definitely be going back even if there isn't killer specials for her company. She was super nice!  My spray tan looks amazing and I will definitely be referring her to my girlfriends for there spray tanning needs! THANKS JESSICA FOR BEING SO SWEET!
5	Jessica is great. She is really personable and whenever I go to get a brazilian there, she always has some story to help distract  and entertain. She also remembers small details- which is always a good thing, considering the nature of the Brazilian. One thing that does kinda suck about goin to her is that the building she is in is difficult to find the first time you go.
5	Jessica is wonderful and does excellent work. I go to her for Brazilian, eyebrow and lip waxes and she always does a great job. Plus she makes you feel comfortable and it's not awkward. I've also had a spray tan done by her once or twice and I can honestly say she does a better job than the other custom airbrush place I've gone to in Old Town.
5	I had purchased a Groupon and used it a few months back only to return once again for another stellar Brazilian wax!  Jessica is very good at what she does.  She is meticulous and quick.  She is very professional yet easy to talk with and makes me feel welcome.  I have gone to pleases that charge less but honestly, you get what you pay for.  JT Aesthetics is reasonably priced, not too expensive yet the quality is excellent.I will definitely be going back, in fact I believe that she will be my go-to gal from now on:)
5	I used my groupon earlier this week to see Jessica. I am now hair free and tanned! I've had a Brazilian wax roughly once a month for the past four years... I know a good one when I see one. Jessica was hands down the best Brazilian I've ever had. Nearly pain free (no clue why, maybe the wax, maybe her technique?) and she got every last hair. Nobody takes the effort to get it all, but Jessica made sure she did. I was really impressed with how thorough and perfect it was. My eyebrows also look great, nice shape and cleaned up. Finally the spray tan left me bronzed and beautiful, it really looks natural and gave me such a glow. I really liked that it dried instantly. Make sure you prep accordingly, I totally forgot the whole loose clothing, exfoliate beforehand, no make-up, no deodorant thing... Fortunately she had exfoliating wipes. Anyways, I'll be back in a few weeks for another wax and my second spray tan. I had no problem locating the salon but based on other reviews, I think I just got lucky, its immediately behind the Walgreens. Thanks Jessica!!
5	I came here for my first Brazilian EVER and Jessica was so great!! I felt like I had been a customer of hers forever; she made me feel so comfortable! So great! Highly recommend her and I will DEFINITELY be going back.
5	Awesome place! Jessica was so nice and accommodating. Normally it can be uncomfortable getting naked in front of someone but she makes you feel at ease. Awesome place!!
1	One star for the waxing skills  - Jessica knows what she is doing when she is waxing.. Had 2 Brazilians done by her and they were fine... Nothing extraordinaire.. but not bad either. Had a Spray tan and it was a bit awkward to be sprayed by her _ have always done Versa before. It lasted well, but I had a huge spot on my upper arm, that bugged me. A lot! However - will not be returning to her "salon" (a tiny little room rental) due to the fact that Jessica simply does not know what good customer service is. Period. I do not care how good you are at what you do, if you are working with customers and do not know how to take care of them - a BIG NO for me.. I had not realized that my Groupon had expired "Looong Ago" (as Jessica stated on the phone) back in February and call today to make an appointment in attempt to use the last visit off the deal. Not avail.. Jessica said she could still "Do It" - but I will have pay full price.. .Noo duh - she could still do it - that is her business.. And I could pay the full price anywhere..I am sure I am not the only one out there to let their "Special" deal expire.. I have on a couple of other occasions and all of my experiences with a little "shop" business has always been - "Yes, it is expired, but we will still honor it" or "Let us work something out". Not here...I could understand where corporate rules are involved - this is not the case here.. You had this deal trying to get new customers.. but apparently not to keep them...  Sorry Jessica - there are plenty of other professionals out there, and I am sure some are just as good as you at waxing, but I am also sure there are some that are better at accommodating their customers. I think I will go on and give someone else a chance. You might want to think of how you treat your customers (I am sure you have some that you have treated better based on the other reviews - I am just not one of them).
1	Jessica,Thanks you for the phone call on A Sunday afternoon. Listen to it and had to go back and check my Groupons, as I wanted to make sure that I am not going senile. Yep - I am still good. I purchased Three (3) Brazilian waxes for $79 to be exact (not two as you were trying to convince me!). You are absolutely correct - the deal did expire and I completely understand your "Policy". You just may want to think on how do you want to act - like a "Big Corporation" with their stickler policies acts or like a Small Business owner who strives to get and Maintain these customers, who would want to keep coming back. Sorry - just my opinion, and if you do not agree with it - it's fine, I just had to let everyone else know what they might run into. Again, thanks for taking the time to make a phone call in Re: to my Yelp review.
5	Ok, so Jessica has seen me naked more than any other woman who has never slept with me (except probably my mom and that one babysitter) and she's yet to laugh. I don't know if she bites the inside of her cheeks or secretly wears flaggelatory under armor that is so painful no laugh is possible... But she just waxes and spray tans away. Did I mention I'm hermaphroditic, which is embarrassing but a real thing I'm dealing with. And Jessica just applies pressure and love and she tells me story of youth's lost innocence and I tell her stories of philandering hermaphs and we laugh and laugh and the cows come right home. She told me that it's only because of my duel genitalia that she's willing to wax me because of the curiosity deep within her (nothing about that last part is true). I am rocking one of her spray tans RIGHT NOW (I'm at the uptown vig on Oct. 3 2013) and people keep just not understanding what is so different about me. It's a glow from heaven. Or rather JT Aesthetics. SCHEDULE NOW... don't forget to exfoliate.
5	I found Jessica on YELP, I was in town for a wedding, she is friendly, makes you feel very comfortable and I came out with a gorgeous spray tan that lasted a very long time.  I will visit her again when I'm back in town!
5	I have been to many places to get Brazilian waxes and I was very impressed with Jessica.  She was quick and thorough, two things you want when getting your pubic hair ripped out!  Her prices are good as well.  I have not utilized her services for anything else, but I highly recommend her for a Brazilian.
5	I go to JT Aesthetics for spray tanning and Jessica is the BEST I have been to.  I have tried many other salons for this and Jessica is much better.  Her tans look natural, and they last a very long time.  She is very personable and efficient.  JT Aesthetics is a keeper for me !!!
