5	Move over Starbucks meet your competition! While the prices are about the same and lower, Dutch has a better roast and not a bunch of hoopla! This location is a small stand with double drive thru! You are in and out fast! I like the lids way better too. You don't spill and you don't need a stopper either. If you're sick of bucks and the burnt beans go see Dutch! Yumm!
4	i couldn't be happier that central phoenix finally has an uber delicious and super rad drive through coffee spot. and i'm glad it's by the name of dutch bros, a staple in the ASU area for years.one of my very first yelp reviews was for the one in tempe, where i proclaimed that if they put one in central phoenix, i'd be broke. well, two months after it opened, i've probably dropped an entire days pay in coffee. and you know what, i don't care. dutch bros deserves it. i actually want to tip them and look forward to the friendly dudes that work inside that know my name and what i like (iced quad annihilator). they're fast, friendly, and easy on the wallet. if you join the dutch bros text message club, you get notified of super sweet deals like $2 double stamp tuesdays. 10 cups gets you a free one with their stamp card. and a 16oz drink is $3.50 incl tax, about a dollar less than most other places. their sometimes overly-sweet combinations are a little high on the calorie and sugar count, and they offer to substitute their high fat chocolate milk in their drinks with chocolate syrup, but it's just not the same. i'll splurge for dutch bros though. all of their drinks are great, i've never had one i didn't like. they also sell just muffin tops, which is frickin awesome because i hate the bottom of the muffin...so, if you're in the area, drop by for one of the most unique and tastey treats your inner coffee junkie will go crazy over. you'll be back for more. and more...and more. til your stamp card is full and you're dutched out.
4	I have to admit . . . I'm sort of pissed off that I seem to have become addicted to this place.  The last thing I need is another $3.00 per day habit.  However, as far as drive-through coffee goes, this place is about as good as it gets.  The coffee is so piping hot that they offer an ice cube should you need one; it smells heavenly and sips smoothly.  The cup-lid is strange at first - like a child's sippy cup - but it's part of their shtick and doesn't interfere with one's enjoyment.  I've only had their Dutch Coffee, but do so a few times a week now, and I must say it knocks the socks off of any drive-through Americano.
2	The only good thing about this place is the guy working there was really nice:) oh and you can drive through. The bad.THEY DONT EVEN HAVE COFFEE!!!!!! WTF!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Its 2 shots esspresso and milk, wtf. It tasted very very burnt and had no flavor other than burnt. Sadly starbucks might even be better:(
5	finally! my good looks get me somewhere! free coffee the other day courtesy of the foxy chick working the stand solo that morning. oh the hectic life of a working college student, and i need a quad dutch bros to get me through those dry mornings.not to mention tons of coupons in the mail and a text subscription scores you great deals like $2 tuesday and every time a new dutch bros opens, the drinks are 2 bucks too. i guess capitalism has its perks.
5	Thumbs up Dutch Bros! It has come to my realization that I've been frequenting this place about twice per week since the sweltering heat began. I must say... they're stuff and they're staff is not bad. I'm a big fan of the blended Kahlua Kicker. I'm an even bigger fan when I get this drink for free, which happens as often as my visits here. You should try it. Despite the long line that forms during the nighttime, the gregarious guy with blonde hair never forgets to entertain with a liqueur bottle trick and good conversation. See ya!
5	Darn this place.  I wasn't a big fan at first.  Their drinks are good but they serve iced drinks in paper cups, which I find annoying.  But the kid likes their smoothies and the fact that they give her a lollipop and a whipped cream dollop on her straw.  So we go.  THEN ONE DAY.... wait for it.......... we order the Green Apple Smoothie.  Wow.  Wow.  Green Apple, Caramel and, if you really want to go over the top, whipped cream.  Now, all of their smoothies are super sweet treats.  But the Green Apple thing is different and wonderful.
5	YUM!I can't even taste the coffee...their mochas taste like chocolate milk. And I can guarantee there is some caffeine in it because I don't go though withdrawls during the day. And I don't even need to get out of my car to get it? SIGN ME UP!
3	This coffee is the antithesis of Starbucks - mild, inconspicuous, somewhat watery. I'm not complaining. It's not bad, and if it is wasn't for the awkward location and impossibly perky and chatty hot blond chick*, I might even go back more often. * You're really cute, but asking me if I'm on my way back from church on a Sunday morning is just TMI.
5	simply the best..staff is awesome and coconut mocha ROCKS!!!  Generous deals..great concept and franchise...they kick Starbuck's A**!!
3	So I get all excited a Dutch Bros. is opening near me and I rarely ever get here to buy coffee, maybe because my heart now belongs to Lola which is virtually up the road. BUT when I'm feeling versatile I head to Dutch for the Kahlua Kicker. As always, the staff is insanely nice. It's almost annoying. Maybe I'm just a curmudgeon. The drinks are a little on the sweet side, when I ask for half the syrup/powder/sweetness I always get asked if I want to make it a quad "to even out the flavor", which is a clever upselling strategy. I always say yes of course.Good, dependable coffee. My default coffee choice.
2	Where's the caffeine?!   Decided to stop and try their coffee after reading the rave reviews on Yelp.  I'm a die-hard Peet's drinker and need my coffee strong, bold but not burnt .   I don't order fuffy-drinks like mochas, lattes, blah, blah, blah - I just want a good cup of strong Joe.  Results - disappointing.  Coffee was very very very mild and watered down.  I guess I'll have to continue to stick to brewing my own.Two stars for friendly service.
5	I loved this place!  I wish we had them on the east coast!!!  Normally I would grab a Dunkin' coffee, but the line was too long one morning, so decided I would try here instead!  What a great choice.  Just a small place, but has some great coffee!!!  (Love the Coconut Mocha coffee!)
3	This should just be for all the  D-Bros in existence. The name says it all. This place is really into Bros. BroLyfe 4 Lyfe is their motto I'm sure.I could just imagine the training sessions these things have to go through. I'm sure it involves competitions. yeah, lots of them. You probably have to be able to recite all of Sum-41's lyrics from their first album backwards while intermittently slamming espresso shots and complimenting eachother on  forearm tattoos whilst winking at the girls and stamping frequent coffeeFREAK cards. If you still cry while listening to Dashboard Confessional even though you gained 20lbs. of muscle you will still fit in here too.However, they are ALWAYS friendly..to the point of too much, I don't think I'm comfortable with the fact that I just told that one bro where I live, what size swimming pool I have, how far I drive to go to work, I have never been to Seattle, and thanks for offering to throw away all the trash in my car I think I'll just keep it and get to it later thanks.They have pretty decent coffee, and lots of stickers though.Oh one more thing..this is one of those places where the drink you really want has a ridiculous title, so you leave unsatisfied, refusing to order something called "the annihilator".....Boof.
4	Many people claim coffee inspires them, but, as everybody knows, coffee only makes boring people even more boring. - Honore de Balzac "Treatise on Modern Stimulants"Good thing I'm not goddamned boring isn't it? Are you? I didn't think so. So let's get some coffee. Dutch Brothers only has a drive through; and as it happens, I do not drive, but my special lady friend does, so this makes a great little "we are late, but if I don't get coffee now someone's face will be murdered soon" sort of joint.The coffee aint bad. Is it Cartel? Is it Lola? Is it Lux? Where else are the kids getting their coffee these days? No it is none of those. It only has a drive through remember? What the hell do you expect? Ya know what though? It truly aint bad. I like it and I drink it black. I do not find it to taste watered down like a lot of people have said and I hold to the last step of a recipe for coffee that I heard somewhere: "if the horseshoe sinks drink it". The people who work here are on drugs. I mean like in a metaphorical way of course; not in a slander sort of way. They are perky and friendly as shit. Admittedly, there is an irony in the fact that some mornings you just can't handle that level of friendliness before your coffee. My dog goddamn loves it here though. The pretty, little, young girls go ape-shit over him and give him dog biscuits and pats on the head and kisses right on his wet dog nose. At no other drive through will he go as tongue-hanging, tail-wagging crazy, trying to get into the drive through window to love up on those PYTs.  Anyone that is cool to my dog is cool with me.On rare occasion when I feel no need whatsoever to prove how manly I am by ordering my coffee like I like my women: strong and black; I will order their sweet drinks. Oh man....This is their specialty for sure. Willy Wonka wakes up with this stuff.They do it right. They do it quick. Perfect on the go cup o joe. (Goddamn I should write t shirt slogans.)
5	What a refreshing business. I have my entire office getting their Joe there weekly. Smooth yet bold coffee straight up. In the afternoon, a Kaluha(sp?) Kicker iced fits the bill.Easy drive thru and a small patio area to relax if you have the time.Great people, great location, great coffee= Great!
4	There's not a lot that I can really say about Dutch Brother's coffee. That's not by any means negative; their drinks are really quite good. Their menu is just rather limited. I was hoping they would have at least a small selection of pastries or even a yogurt and fruit parfait...okay, okay I know.  It's a drive through only coffee shop and a fruit parfait would not really be practical, but that doesn't keep me from wanting it any less!The most recent drink that I tried was the Annihilator which is a creamy coffee drink of mocha and macadamia nut. Being that it's June and I live in Phoenix, I got my drink iced. Like any other drink I tried it was the perfect strength and lacked any signs of bitterness. It was smooth and tasty and the drink to coffee ratio was perfect. It lasted a 20 mile drive to work and all the through till my first break with tasting watered down at all.
4	Gosh, this place makes me happy! I must admit, I've driven past numerous times and never thought of satisfying my caffeine fix here. But, the other day I thought, what the heck? It's a drive thru, if nothing else I didn't have to leave my air conditioned car to get a cup-o-joe.So, I pulled up and was greeted by two extremely cheerful people, just enough so that it wasn't intoxicating. They graciously helped decode my mumble jumble of requirements for caffeinated perfection.  I ended up with an iced skinny white mocha and was very pleased!  This establishment is worth trying! The employees are helpful, the prices reasonable, the service quick and the coffee/espresso delish!
5	Not only is the coffee great tasting and the chai delicious, but the friendliness and customer service is awesome.  My friend frequents this location (every morning before work) and when he's needed a ride due to his car being dropped off for work done I have driven him here on the way.  To attest to the quality of the place, he drives daily to this location despite the fact that it's about 15 minutes (without traffic) past his workplace - where they greet him by name and have his usual orders memorized.I have enjoyed the freezes, coffee, and chai (which is my favorite).  Drinks are full flavored and although their menu is limited, they have something for pretty much everyone.  I haven't tried any of their food items, but he does get a muffin in the mornings which looked pretty good.It is a small location on the corner with a drive-through and a side window for those able to park and pick up their coffee in their limited lot, but it's friendly and has a very pleasant atmosphere.  When I'm craving a nice spiced chai, I head over to this location even though it's past some other coffee shops for the flavor, consistency, friendliness, and service.
5	Love this little place. As a Dutch I love all the imagery. You ain't much, unless you are Dutch. Told the girl that was working that last year, when we had a car fukll of Dutchies visiting us, but then that didnt seem to amuse her. :P
4	This place reminds me of all the independent coffee stands you see in Washington. I love their dutch brother freeze with caramel it's alot like a granita- a slushie kind of coffee drink. MMMMM.The service is always friendly and fast. I especially like that they have a punch card.
3	The guy working the stand was super nice and fast and the convenience of the drive-thru was great but I have to be honest and say I've had better coffee. The coffee was also made way too hot and I wasn't able to drink it for a long time after I had driven off. I'm also not a fan of the lids they use - the mouth piece was awkward, like I was performing on it whenever I took a drink. However, all that aside, if I worked in this area, it would be a great place to grab a quick cup of coffee and it's always great to support smaller businesses like this. I also liked that they had a wide variety of drinks different from the usual Starbucks menu.
4	I am not a coffee drinker, but after reading Jennifer T.'s awesome review for a different location I had to try a blended coffee drink, which is the only way I'll drink the stuff. I have passed this place a million times when driving somewhere for lunch during the work week, so today I decided to give it a try. When I pulled up to the drive thru window a very friendly girl greeted me. After getting a chance to look over the menu while waiting in line, I decided on the caramelizer, which happened to be the special of the month. I also got a lemon poppy seed muffin top. The drink was very yummy! However, I would have liked a bit more caramel flavor. I haven't tried the muffin top yet, saving it for my dessert tonight. The girl who was working also gave me some coupons & a punch card that will give you a free drink after 10 purchases. Total for both items was $6.25. I'll definitely come back whenever I'm in the mood for "coffee"!
5	Let me just clarify, I am not a fan of Starbucks there coffee is bitter, and way too much work to order early in the am. If you are, this may or may not help you. I LOVE Dutch Bros! Coffee is yummy and still gives me a kick. Prices are good, sign up for the occasional text msg to get additional deals, but if you forget what they are the baristas will tell you and give you the deal, they have punch cards which are way more simple the the card/balence/reload thing at SB. Baristas are FAST there may be a line of cars but I've never waited more the 5 min. Baristas are pleasant, they have good memories, and are all friggin' pretty (males and females) what better way to wake up in the morning! AND they are the exactly the same other times of day, I have odd days off and the experience is always the same. There is a reason the tip jar is always full. :)
4	***WARNING, READERS DECRETION IS ADVISED*** (you must read this first part fast and in your "deep" voice)This review may contain words that might be considered unprofessional and worthless. This review is not recommended for reading by those that take life too seriously, wound too tight and don't see the humor in the small things. This review is intended for readers that enjoy using Yelp only..... Hot Lips!!  Ouch! Wow, I've not had a chance to try Dutch Bros before after driving by them many times due to the long lines.  Last week I wasn't in a rush so I pulled in behind four other cars thinking my wait for caffeine would be a while. To my surprise the wait was only 5 mins! The barista dude talked me into trying their monthly special, Irish Latte ~ silky blend of Irish Cream, milk and coffee.  I ordered it sugarless with 2%, no problemo.  The service was excellent! Fast, friendly and he gave me a frequent flyer card for my future trips. He explained how they roast their own coffee and they offer lots of other options ~ smoothies, soda's and juice.My coffee smelled awesome and I could not wait to take a sip.  But wait a minute... Apparently Dutch Bros uses a coffee cup lid I'm not familiar with.  I looked at it and immediately thought about my son's "sippy cup" when he was a toddler.  This thing has a "nipplessense" feature about it that has a large hole!  So I stared at it for a while and starting laughing my face off, LMFO, and thinking about two iconic actors of the early 90's that imparted so much wisdom on our youth at that time ~ Beavis and Butthead!  Beavis: "that coffee lid looks like my old sippy cup"Butthead: "what do you mean?"Beavis: "it has a nipple..."Butthead: "uh huh huh huh.. you said nipple, uh huh huh huh..."After I regained my composure, I smiled really big and took a sip of my Irish Latte from Dutch Bros. Ouch! Hot Lips! It took me a little while to figure out how to drink my coffee without burning my lips in this coffee lid.  The coffee was smooth with the perfect balance of sugarless Irish Cream and 2%. It was wonderful!  After it cooled down a bit I was able to enjoy my latte without burning my lips on the "sippy cup" lid. The large hole in the top of the lip was made for peak coffee guzzledge, after it cools down : -)
4	I like my coffee to be coffee-flavored. Don't throw vanilla, macadamia nut or oregano into it... I won't like it. And DEFINITELY don't top it with whipped cream. Give me 100% Colombian roast , black, and I'm happy. Therefore I don't usually buy coffee at fancy places; I brew my own. That being said, I went to Dutch Bros. today because I did a search for smoothies, and to my surprise they sell them at this little coffee shop by my work.For under 5 bucks I got an acai superfruit smoothie which is thick and flavorful. It took virtually no time to prepare... I was through the drive-through in under 3 minutes. From the other posts, I was half-scared that the guy was going to talk my ear off and not make my order, but he was courteous, quick and non-patronizing. Smoothie flavors included mango, peach, strawberry and some berry blend. The cost was $4.75; tax included (which is always nice in a drive-thru).There were a few sips where the ice was a little chunky, as in couldn't pass through the straw, but otherwise, it's an excellent texture and flavor. It is just tart enough to make you keep slurping until you get brain freeze. But it's worth the pain.
5	Always good service and coffee.. never disappointed
5	I am a way more frequent visitor of the bell rd location, but sometimes I have to travel downtown for work. When I do, I make my route pass by this place because I have to have dutch bros.  The guys at the bell location are pretty familiar with me by now but these guys still treat you as if you are there best customer. And it's the best coffee I've ever had.
5	YAY for Dutch Brothers!  I love the blended vanilla chai!  It is awesome and their breakfast bars taste like cookies!  YUMMY!  I do not drink coffee so it is great that their chai is great!  My son loves the strawberry smoothies and the chocolate chip muffin tops!  The people working their are always so happy!
4	The staff has always been super awesome to me, which i really appreciate, especially on those early mornings when i know it's just going to be a long day. When it comes to getting a straight up cup-o-joe it's delicious and hits the spot. Sometimes i get a crazy hair up my butt and order one of those silly sugary drinks, and when ever i do i wish i had just gotten a regular coffee. I don't know what it is about the "specialty" drinks here that i don't like. Which is weird because other coffee places (local and chain) i usually don't have that reaction.
4	their iced double torture is like crack to me! they were featuring infused red bull- i got pomegranate, which was good but not worth the $3.75 price. since it's not close and i adore the gold bar baristas, i'll stick with them..
5	Better than Starbucks anyday! The staff encourage their customers to get creative and provide new drink suggests to add to their list such as "The Annihilator"..My personal Favorite: "The Cookie with a little raspberry"
3	Went for the first time today. Iced latte doesn't compel me to return. Menu seems cutesy, more like a Dairy Queen than an urban cafe.
5	This place is amazing.  The service is always top notch, it's the kind where they get to know you fast and have your coffee (or ice coffee) ready by the time you pull up to the window.  Great for all sorts of coffee with extra shots.
5	Good coffee, GREAT service.  Every time I come around in my old beat up car that hasn't been washed in a year making all the noise so that I can't hear a word on the speaker, they STILL treat me like I'm an old friend and it's a pleasure to see every time.  How can you say no to that?!?
5	This place is awesome great quality and customer service this place came from my home town in grantspass Oregon same as I remember it
5	I'll admit it. I'm a coffee snob. After beginning a Starbucks Boycott last year (they used powdered coffee in just about everything other than their brewed coffee) I was starting to get lonely. On our way to Matt's Big Breakfast, my mother and I pulled in to Dutch Bros so I could try it out. It's right on my mum's way to work, and she recommended the four-shot Double Torture. It's like crack in a cup - in a good way.I've since waned from my usal 4DT, but you know what I like about Dutch Bros, even more than the coffee? The service. I do not mind paying a little extra when I get treated the way I do at Dutch Bros. They ask you how you're doing, what you're up to, and they remember what you tell them so next time they ask, "How'd you do on your Forensic exam?" It makes you feel better! Oh, and they have a (drum roll please)... A PUNCH CARD THINGIE! For every ten coffees you buy (no matter the size) you get a little neat-o stamp on your card and after the ten, you get one (whatever size) FOR FREE!!!!!! FREE!!! FREE!!!! There are so many size restrictions on punch cards that I nearly squealed when I realized that I didn't have to pay extra for my large iced ER 911. I'm a college student. "Free" is my favorite word.So go, my brothers and sisters! Go and have coffee that will make your morning caffeinated! Go and be treated wonderfully rather than crappily at your local Starbucks that you pay for powdered coffee! Go and get your real, roasted-bean goodness in a cute cup that has flowers on it! GO!(...I've been watching too many Civil war movies in History...)But seriously. Go. Get a punch card. Join the Dutch Mafia so you get specials emailed or texted to you, along with... COUPONS!
5	Love this place - my boyfriend and I used to go everyday before relocating out of town. Super friendly, upbeat staff - that was not faking it!I am very picky and they would remake my drink whenever necessary. They knew our names - knew our drinks and would have them ready for us by the time we got up to the window. I already miss this place!
4	I really do like this place!  My sister made me a fan and I try and go there every morning if I can!  The price is very reasonable and the coffee is good!  I love that they chit chat with you while they are making your drink and send you off on your way!  Good job Dutch Bros!
4	I don't totally get the hype about this place, but it's definitely a pretty cool spot when you're riding your bike and want to stop for some coffee and car watching. My husband and I stopped here the other day, I got a delicious flavored tea and he got a yummy flavored coffee. They have a stamp program, and that's nice. The people are always super friendly. I once got a number passed to me by the barista from a guy at the opposing window. I don't think he saw my kids standing next to me because they're shorter than the window.. but I was flattered nonetheless. :)
4	A drive through coffee stop is as good as you can get! Stopped (er drove through) on my way to work several times. Dutch Bros. never fails to please!! Love their rich, bold coffee and regulars, you get a stamp card, purchase 10 and # 11 is free!Love lattes and expressos? This place is for you! They have their famous ER 911 which is a 6 shot expresso! I actually tried that one when I was on my 4th 12 hr shift (yes I`m a nurse(, and needed something kick ass to get me through my last remaining 12 hours, well the ER 911 was my hero! Love Dutch Bros!!
5	I was recently invited to join the Dutch Mafia by two really really nice baristas at Dutch Bros. Coffee. I was concerned that there would be some sort of "coffee in, coffee out" ritual that would require my participation, but I was assured that I had nothing to worry about. And that is how I became a card carrying member of this organization. Also, this card gives you one free beverage after you purchase 8, so I would recommend joining the ranks of the Dutch Mafia. I am not much of a coffee connoisseur, as in I enjoy the instant shit that is provided by my place of business, so you can disregard my opinion. However, I love the coffee at Dutch Bros. Just a plain old cup of coffee is really tasty. They are also happy (like really happy, not faking it) to accommodate any other requests that you have. Once I asked for a half coffee half steamed chocolate milk (delish, bee-tee-dubs), and I got just what I wanted. They are even willing to experiment for you too, like the one time I got a kiwi-pineapple Italian Soda. I highly recommend stopping by for a drink if you ever happen to pass a Dutch Bros. If anything the uber nice beverage specialists will restore your faith in a kind-hearted humanity.
5	The Girls were Awesome!!! They know how to Share The Love!And the Coffee is Great!
5	Cannot love this place more....like save up all your pennies and open a franchise and work a million hours love it. I have to say the best drink is the freeze in any flavor - so much so that in the winter I just put on the seat warmers and order one. Great music and awesomely energetic staff that can put even the Grinch in a good mood in the morning. Hooray for the Dutch Mafia!
4	Conveniently located across the street from the light rail stop, Dutch Bros. Coffee is a stop whenever I take my bike and trek up the train line to do a little shopping along Camelback Corridor.  The servers are amazingly upbeat and cheerful.  I can ride my bike right up to the window.  I just order an iced coffee, black, no sweetener, so I can't say much about their drinks.  But I stick it in my cup holder and pedal on.
5	MMMMM the carmelizer, iced, in June, MMMMM.Nicest customer service!!
5	I was in PHX last week for vacation and stumbled upon Dutch Bros.  The service was fantastic, the coffee drinks, delicious.  It was so good, we ended up going back later that night and the next morning.  If I lived in PHX, I'd go there everyday.
5	My most favorite place to get coffee---I love their Americano-style drinks (black, iced only for me; save the sweets for someone else), and their awesome employees! I seriously want all of them to come motivate my staff with their infectious, outgoing demeanors! They always brighten my mornings, and now that they are no longer on my path to work, I sometimes wake up early just to drive five miles out of my way to stop there first. The company motto is one I hope to adopt for my team, as it has clearly impacted their staff and business; I recommend and share their motto to my fellow service-industry providers constantly. These guys are top notch!!
5	Always a great cup of coffee and the nicest people ever work there
5	I really misjudged dutch brothers at first. The first time I went I got a drink that was way too sweet and I thought they were just another generic coffee shop. Now I've been getting their dutch coffee with an extra shot and it is just the best tasting stuff I've ever had! Don't know what the secret is with the coffee beans, but so yummy. I crave this stuff and have been getting a drink every day :) LOVE YOU GUYS- very nice staff too!
5	Best coffee and customer service in the valley! I love how friendly the staff is and they get the coffee out super fast. When there is even a slight line of cars someone will actually come running out to take orders. Not only that but they have the frequent customer punch card! Fun people. Great coffee.
5	great coffee and even better service.  Love these guys!
5	WOW!!! This coffee is GOOD!! Thanks Yelp for finding this place for my wife and I!
4	First time I have tried it, and I am a fan.  I love walk up coffee stops, reminds me of big cities i visit.. especially in the cold weather. Anyway, the latte i had was amazing, and the service was even better..  Try it out now.
5	Always a line wrapped around the building, but the line moves fast and the coffee is always hot, delicious and perfectly done.  Never too sweet, never burnt.The staff is ALWAYS happy and they greet you promptly and you cannot help but smile.  I personally think Dutch Bros. coffee is the best coffee around.
5	All I can say is AMAZING! If there were a 10 star option I would select it!!!! This place really cares about their customers (and the community)! Super-fast service. Delicious coffee! I'm proud to currently be their Foursquare mayor!
5	I have traditionally not been a coffee fan, but this place could change that. The have the best Chai Latte I've had in this city, and equally tasty coffee options.  The staff is always fun and friendly, and the punch card does not hurt any!
5	This coffee is the best! Even better than Starbucks and cheaper. Customer service it's just awesome!! The staff is super friendly and sometimes they even remember your name (I go there everyday, I guess that's why). Also the girls are super cute and always smiling. Please open more locations throughout the valley!!! Downtown needs a Dutch bros ASAP.
5	Mmmm black tea. The best tea ever!!
4	The coffee is respectable and the granola bars are thunder.  You gotta try that combo.
4	The coffee and prices are great and consistent.  My only complaint is the line in the morning.  It seems even with a runner going back and forth taking orders that it still takes a long time to get through the line.  The servers are all very nice and personable, but is all the chit chat making the line take longer?  People want their coffee first thing in the morning.
5	Never even heard of Dutch Brothers since I'm from back East. Went there for my first try and I must say...BIG FAN! I will be frequenting Starbucks much less now.
5	Dutch Bros is THE place to be! I stop by every morning on my way to work. The people who work there are super rad! They're so happy and peppy in the morning. They're always smiling and kind. This is definitely my favorite location of the ones I have been to in the valley. The drive thru line does get long but they breeze through it really quickly! They're off the hook! I love these guys. I'm a regular and they know me by name. It definitely feels like a little community or family. It's great. The stamp card is an awesome incentive to keep coming back to get a free drink!
5	This place was great. I am extremely impressed by the customer service. Every occasion I have visited, the staff is very friendly and engaging. I have never seen a group of staff members so enthusiastic about their work. Also, the Chai latte is amazing and prices are great as well. Today when I went there was sort of a long line, but one of the employees came out to each car and took our order.
4	Always a wait, but worth it.Some days the line looks crazy long, but the staff is working as hard as they can to keep people out of the street.  THANKS!   Always friendly, even if a bit over friendly (I think they are required to ask you how your day is etc etc.)The coffee is TOPS and I am from Seattle.  LOL
4	Coffee is amazing, but they hired a new group of air-head girls from Xavier, so be prepared to wait in the drive thru for forever and asked what you ordered five or six times haha. I suggest going to the Tempe, or the new one Glendale Ave. a little bit up North Phoenix. They still have hip people that anyone can relate to, kind, and fast service.
5	We were just in Phx and the barista still remembered us! Great customer service! I am really hopeful that they do start expanding in the Seattle metro area so we can start supporting them again.
5	I really like how friendly they are and helpful when it comes to help you choose a coffee! Great ice coffee!
5	This place is how you want to start your mornings! I love Dutch Bros. Great coffee and extremely fast service. But the best thing about Dutch Bros has got to be the customer service. The employees are so friendly and happy. They will literally turn your day around with their genuinely friendly manors.Pros:- awesome customer service!- good coffee with great selections- very good price- fast serviceCons- small outside seating area
5	Always great coffee! I live in the neighborhood and am so thankful to have Dutch Bros on the corner.After I had a baby, I was able to send my 10 year old on his bike to get me that coveted cup of coffee that all parents of newborns so desperately need. They know our drinks, our names, and have everything ready to go when we get there, and treat my oldest son with the same customer service they treat my husband and I with.
5	Dutch Bros has, by far, the best coffee, beans roasted to perfection, and the best customer service of any coffee stand that I have been to. The baristas have always been so nice and the coffee is top notch. The Dutch Freeze is my personal favorite and they don't charge for extra added flavoring! Every time I drive by, there is always a huge line of cars, which goes to show just how popular that stand is within the community. And even when there are a lot of cars in line, it never takes too long to get my coffee. The baristas run outside and take orders so they can have your coffee ready at the window. I love Dutch Bros!
5	I know that every time I walk here with Dexter, I will be met with a very robust greeting. I think the employees drink coffee. A lot of coffee. They are bouncy, but not obnoxious. They're just...happy.Every drink I've had there is great! I mostly get an Americano on my morning walks. I've had a caramel drink there, too.They always give Dexter a biscuit, which is a nice touch.I love their Social Media presence, too. They respond to pictures. I like that.
5	The energy from each barista is fantastic!
5	Exceptional coffee and even better service!!  Bye-Bye all you other high end coffee shops, I'm you're newest fan!  The selection is vast and the flavors amazing!!  Plus, there's some serious eye candy serving it all up!!
5	As is my experience with all Dutch Bros locations, the staff is super friendly which helps when you are up early. Despite their usually long lines, I always get in and out very quickly. If they are really busy they will have a runner come out to take your order. If I had this job I would forget after the second car - how do they do that?!Location-wise I find it is best to come in on the Camelback side.
5	I come here almost every morning before work. They always remember me and are super friendly. I work all the way in Tempe and there is actually a Dutch bros right next to my work. I almost always go to this one because they don't scream at me. Being friendly is one thing but being fake and screaming "omg how are you!?!?!?!" At 7 am is just torture. That being said thank you to downtown Dutch bros for being so real and awesome!
2	Well being a loyal customer sometimes has its disappointments. Today I went to Dutch Bros on Camelback and Central as this is one of my favorite places to get my usually iced beverage but I've noticed that lately they have been filling the cup all the way with ice. Last time I was there I asked for light ice and they still filled it past the half way mark. Today I requested less than half ice in my beverage because I was tired of getting half the product and paying close to five dollars for it They tried to hit me with a speech about charging me an additional fifty cents to top it off. What happened to these guys?  They use to be so good to their customers. Now it seems it's all about the profits. I remember when they first opened and I still gm there. I have spent hundreds of dollars at this establishment. Hope they make a change or I'm gonna Starbuck it again!
5	No surprise, the staff is great just like every other location. The lines in the morning can look hectic but I've never waited longer than 10 minutes to get in and out with my order. I very much enjoy the coffee and don't know any who don't.
5	Obsessed with Dutch Bros. I cannot pass by one without stopping. This time I stopped at this location and got the iced annihilator and I LOVED it. It is so creamy and smooth. It is delicious! I liked it better than the carmelizer. The employees at this one are super cute and friendly too! Such well mannered children!
5	This place makes me laugh. I'm from CA and my friend took me here to grab some coffee before I hit the road back home. She highly, HIGHLY recommended - I mean she couldn't stop telling me how excited she was about this coffee - the Kicker (irish cream blend, over ice). So of course I obliged. Good choice. Creamy and delicious, indeed. The thing that makes this place so hilarious is the staff. They take your order before you get to the menu board if the line is backed up in the drive-thru, which it always appears to be. Then they run back to the little hut with the order. Then they run out to someone's car with coffee orders. Then they run back to the hut. Etc, etc. Really keep the line moving. Quite entertaining to watch. Gotta love the energy and enthusiasm. They must have IVs of caffeine pumping through their bloodsteams at all times.I did have a stomach ache my entire drive home. Could it have been from my breakfast at The Good Egg? Possibly. Could have been a caffeine / sugar overdose? Also possible. Was it worth it? Hellz yes. In fact, I went online to see if there was one in Southern Cali. Unfortunately there isn't but now I'm determined to find a coffee shop with a delicious iced coffee with irish cream. Maybe if I order one from NorCal they will run all the way down here with my Kicker...
5	Okay, you could not ask for a better staff at this location. They are friendly, helpful, smiling and just all-around happy people!  They were so excited when they heard it was my first time to. Dutch-Bro that they stamped my stamp card a few extra times and eagerly asked me to come back soon!  The coffee was great but I'll return for the staff!
5	Love love love this place!! The staff is always kind and friendly. I always get the Carmelizer and it is delicious every time! Also it's awesome they so fund raisers for the community here and there and on special days they set, like parents day, you get a free coffee!!
5	Great place for coffee. I just might like this place more than starbucks b/c of the awsome customer service. Please open one in Tucson and bring all the happy staff :)
5	as far as i'm concerned there are no other coffee shops out there. top notch coffee doesn't taste burnt like starbucks.
4	Sold! Sold! Sold! Me on the chai latteeeeee!!! Sigh. It was perfect within that first sip!! Omg. The drive thru was fun, the employee was so friendly. The music was loud, everybody was so energetic and they were dancing. Hah cute.
5	I love this Dutch Bros! For me, it's very convenient, a short walk from my home. The staff is excellent, I love starting my day talking to them. Very personable, quick service, delicious drinks. They really seem to love what they do and seem to take an interest in their client base too. I even got some friends from out of town to love them too.Keep up the good work!
5	I am really torn between five and four stars. The only reason I would even consider the four stars is the price; Dutch bros is so awesome that I often get free drinks for being a regular and I can't deny the fifth star because of that.
5	WOW. that is all I can say about this place. I was not ab eliever in coffee as it always made me sleepier(weird I know), but one day i decided to give them a try since it was 2:30 on a tuesday (the most painful day of the week). I asked the guy for a recommendation since I have no idea what young hip palces consist of anymore. I told him I wanted something sweet and delicious. He instantly said the caramalizer. I took one sip and literally wanted to kiss him for making me happiness in a cup (not to mention that he guys are all super hot). The girls always make me feel like i'm their friend by the way they greet me and talk to me. this place is jsut hte best establishment I've ever been too. I am beyond happy with them and whenever I meet someone new , I force them to try it bc anyone who hasn't put their cup to their lips has not experienced life.
4	Awesome alternative to Starbucks.  Great coffee, fun approach to customer service with enthusiastic and friendly staff, drive thru line can be a little tricky to maneuver though.
1	I love this place but I am so unhappy right now. I have told them a million times and have stressed it a million times that I have to have decaf. They are the best coffee I've ever had and the service is superb but today after I say DECAF numerous times at every order because I am on meds that I can't have caffeine i was  given a four shot caffeine Carmelizer. I'm now a mess and my whole day is ruined and couldn't go out with my family..Here is my update. I went to Dutch brothers to talk to manager about how sick I ended up being from getting served a caffeine drink and how sick I was from it. I was very nice explaining the situation to a young kid that works there as I was trying to get a manager's phone number.  The kid with a tall skinny guy with a after five shadow beard wearing a bandana pink tights and shorts named spencer  gave me a wrong number. I called as I was pulling out of the parking lot I then turned around and went back and told him he gave me the wrong number and he said to me "listen lady you really getting under my skin" who says that to a customer who is asking for a managers phone number due to being extremely sick all day? I asked him for his name of which he said he didn't have to tell me. I walked away and said your manager will be hearing from me of which he yelled across the parking lot while laughing "good luck"!!!! I am truly disgusted at this behavior and I will never return again.I did talk to the manager josh who was really wonderful and offered me a 15 dollar gift card and said he had a talk with the employees about making sure if a customer says decaf it IS decaf. It's a dangerous thing. However he considered spencer family so I can only assume he got a slap on the wrist for treating a customer so very poorly. It's inexcusable how he treated me on too of how sick I probably looked after puking and shaking all day.  I won't go back cause I would be really afraid of spencer retaliating and giving me caffeine again. Which sucks cause their coffee is the best.
5	Seriously I am not sure if these people sprinkle prozac on their cappuccinos or what happens inside of that little hut but the employees at this location are consistently incredibly happy and so genuinely nice. It brightens my day to go to a business where the employees seem like they truly enjoy working there! The coffee is fantastic, service is quick, you leave with a smile. 5 stars for sure.
5	Wow, wow, wow! We stopped on a whim on our way back to California, the service was very good very, very friendly staff, coffee was amazing!!! We live near Coffee Klatch which has won the world's best espresso several times... This was an extremely close second, it was so delicious I ended up with brain freeze because I just couldn't put it down!!!
4	Very cool people work at this Dutch brothers location. The staff members friendliness and kindness is better than the actual coffee. The coffee and drinks themselves are not bad by any means, but any emotional attachment to this location is derived from the staff members only.They are great at making you feel like a special and welcome customer each time you come for your morning or afternoon cup of coffee. I would highly recommend stopping here if this is on your way to work.
5	Omg!! I can't believe how amazing the people are here, quick to get me my caffeine fix, and so, so nice. I was killed by kindness and I liked it. Still smiling as I'm driving down the road, iced double torture in hand. Thanks for making my morning extra awesome.
5	Amazing service and coffee! The kids working here look like they are having such a great time. They really feed you their positive energy. Just what we all need! A cup of joe and a smile. If the coffee wasn't good here, I would still go back just for the service. Love this place.
5	Love this place always friendly staff and the coffee and drinks are way better and less expensive the Starbucks. I just recently moved to Phoenix from Tucson which Tucson doesn't have Dutch bros. I would recommend if you haven't tried them give them a try you will not regret it.
5	Great costumer service.. Love all the types of coffee here! Wish they would have a Ditch Bros. back East. My personal favorite is the Cocamo Dutch Freeze it's very delicious.
5	I love going there, everyone is always super energetic and friendly. If you don't know what to get, just ask what they suggest they are very helpful and will give you great suggestions on what to try. It's not to pricey either, I would recommend this over Starbucks any day.
4	If they had bagels, I'd never go to Starbucks again. Also, not everyone wants to be interrogated about their plans for the day....especially before they've "had their coffee."
5	Always happy to come here!  Super friendly staff and they make my drink right unlike other major coffee shops. Love that they use square.
2	I've been a Dutch Bros customer for about 4 years now and for the most part I've been satisfied with them but recently I've gotten quite a headache while stopping for my iced kicker. I love their coffee but the way the employees interact with me is just AWFUL. The "HEY BRO" and "Hey girlie whatcha drinkin' tonight?!?" is annoying and ridiculous. The fake douchy attitude is too much; I mean seriously, I have a migraine and I need some caffeine, can you just shut up and take my order? Calm it down, please.
5	Even when I'm feeling grumpy in the morning the staff picks me up and an iced carmelizer sets me right.
5	I've been a Dutch brothers fan for 5 years now and not once have they disappointed. Exceptional service, amazing coffee (mindblowingly smooth and none of the acidity associated with Starbucks coffee) and an all around awesome experience!
5	I'm a coffee fanatic.  For a lot of years, I was a loyal Starbucks customer.  After a friend of mine turned me onto Dutch Bro's, I haven't stopped going since.  They offer a large selection of sugar free flavors (which is what I need).  And the service is awesome!  My boyfriend and I frequent this particular Dutch Bro's and I LOVE the service I receive here.  We can really appreciate the fact that the employee's remember our drinks.  Sometimes- It's even ready before we get to the window.  It feels good to be remembered and genuinely feel cared for.  There is one employee who always seems to give us amazing service, his name is Spencer.  He remembers our names and drinks, and makes sure to ask us how we have been.  As a matter of fact,  there is a specialty drink that my boyfriend orders that he will only get if Spencer is working and can make it for him.  Spencer just has great customer service,  he really goes out of his way to make the customers feel important and cared for.  Which is extremely important to anyone I believe.  Although, I really do love the entire team there and regret not knowing all of your names to give you a shout out.  You all have a way of getting me ready and excited for my day, even though sometimes in the morning you are a little loud before I've had my coffee.  Nonetheless, I appreciate all of you. Thank you Dutch Bro's on Central and Camelback!
5	This is my usual Dutch Bros. The only one I go to and will go to. I do enjoy coffee, and from many places I could say coffee is coffee. I'm not one of those nose in the air uppity coffee snobs who wants fair-trade this and organic that, as well as some bitter burnt tasting coffee like you get from a lot of places downtown. That's why I love DB, and I affectionately call Dutch Bros, DB. The majority of the staff know me, and know what I want as I'm pulling up. I usually get a 10-shot iced espresso or a 10-shot freeze. Yes, 10 shots, that's how I like it. It's awesome. The workers here are always friendly and it doesn't seem forced like at other coffee establishments. As well as they aren't all snooty if you call the coffee drink by the wrong name ( coffee place to remain nameless that did this to me ). They seem like the kinda people you could hang out with outside of the coffee shop. I get to know them, they're great people. Great people, great coffee, what more can you want? Well today they were donating $1 from every frost to the Ryan House, so of course, I will get a frost....instead of my usual coffee drink. I got a white chocolate mint chip, it was great. I love this DB and will continue to be a regular.
4	The Carmelizer is delicious. It used to be called the milkyway.The baristas here rock.The location sucks. Not enough parking, the drive thru is always packed and the wait time is massive.None of which will discourage me from returning again and again..Dutch Bros. leaves Starbucks in the dust..
5	yes, yes and yes!!! Dutch Bros is way better than5-bucks, went there last nite, what a great drive thru staff, not only do they make a great cup of coffee, they take the time to actually have a conversation with, witty banter and great coffee...bye bye 5-bucks...  :0)
5	First time trying.... Awesome coffee but even better service. Jordan hooked it up big time. I'm coming back for more!!!! What an awesome guy. 5 stars for sure....
5	The service here is amazing!I am normally a Starbucks fan and was actually looking for one when I encountered Dutch Bros. I am glad that I decided to stop by. I was greeted by a friendly employee as I pulled into the drive through. She welcomed me warmly and asked if it was my first time at the shop. She even explained the menu and a few of the drinks. It is by far the best service I have had from any coffee shop and one of the best for any shop I have been to. It was also great to order from a person in the drive through rather than trying to bark an order into a box. The order was quick too, it was done while the gentleman at the window greeted me and introduced himself. In fact everyone inside smiled and waved and offered a warm welcome. I will definitely return to Dutch Bros every time I am in the area. It brightened my day to be greeted and treated as a guest and not just a source of income, the coffee was an added perk.
1	Ugh, I give up on this place, I keep going back to give it another try but what a waste.  If you are looking for sugar-laced drinks with long waits and excessively friendly California surfer staff, this is your place.  If you just want coffee in a hurry, don't bother.  They actually don't sell regular coffee, just americanos they pass as coffee.  I like good customer service like anyone else but I don't have time at 530 am to chat about how my clothes match my car, what I'm doing that day, where I work, how good my car smells, how great the weather is, and where I'm going for the weekend when there are 10 cars behind me and I've waited for in the drive thru already for 15 minutes.  I sat this morning in line and watched as it backed up to Camelback as they petted the ladies dog sticking out of the window in front of me sharing treats jabbering.  This happens all of the time.  They need to learn how to weigh good service with speediness for the morning commute.  The chai tea latte frozen has no chai flavor, just frozen milk.  I threw it out and I never throw things out.  They haven't mastered a non fat drink like Starbucks.  The Pumpkin Pie Breve they sold me on one morning should be outlawed, tasted like warm half and half with a dash of cinnamon and they asked me if I wanted cinnamon yet was so excited when I asked for it because it "really makes it super yummy."  It went in the trash as well.
5	Their always so friendly and happy to see everyone,  love it here,  drinks are always delicious. I recommend the iced cocomo!
5	Really tasty coffee without the burnt bitter taste of Starbucks.  Staff super friendly without a barista attitude of Starbucks. Only downside is lack of locations.
4	Not only are the drinks delicious, but the service is out of the world! They are extremely friendly and love to chat. As for the drinks, they don't have as large of a menu as Starbucks, but they a lot more fun flavors for people who don't just want coffee. Also, a lot of them taste better than those at Starbucks.
4	I luv dutch bros coffee.. Unlike it's closest competitor, the coffee here does not have that burned after taste.They have locations all over the valley and are almost always busy.Avoid during rush hour if your driving. The drive thru is usually wrapped around the building and into the street. Walk up customers have an easier go of it.The staff are EXTREMELY friendly! If morning perkyness annoys you either skip this place or just smile and nod till you've got your coffee and can mumble grumpy things as you pull away..!!! THEY NOW HAVE K CUPS!!!
5	Very tasty coffee & amazing service shout out for Caleb and Aubrey ,please be respectful for the staff and customers have your mind made up while ordering it just makes the pace faster and tip them to insure proper service :))
5	Coffee snobs - and we love Dutch Bros.We order our coffees strong with half the sweetner and Dutch Brothers pulls through every time. I wish we could get a discount for only wanting half the sweetner. It ads up!Peppermint Mocha has a totally different taste then everyone else and it is SO good.Thanks Scottsdale Dutch Bros. We hope to see you soon.
5	You can sit for hours with your laptop, with a good book, or talking and meeting new friends as you enjoy your coffee or tea and listen to great music.
5	Our first time at Dutch Bros coffee....Kelsie at the pick up window was ADORABLE and made us feel so welcome(with her million dollar smile)..the coffee is OUTSTANDING! We had cocomos(coffee with chocolate and coconut)...yummy...can't wai to go back...Starwho???
