4	Taquitos Jalisco is as authentic of Mexican food as you can get, and the prices are reminiscent of the penny horse at the grocery store. The most initial impression of Taquitos Jalisco may be misleading, nestled between a 7/11 and bordering a Little Caesar's pizza and a phone store (as well as a Mexican bakery which is also delicious). As you enter the tiny restaurant, there is seating for approximately 20, an outdated interior and an even more outdated jukebox. The counter setting resembles a Chinese takeout. As you begin to browse the menu, you come to realize that this is not your average quote authentic Mexican restaurant. This is the real deal. The tongue, the menudo, both extremely common in Mexico and both extremely uncommon in America. I have ordered many items from the menu and can safely say that I have not had a bad experience yet. If you are truly interested in authentic Mexican food and less interested in American influenced Mexican food, I would recommend that you give Taquitos Jalisco the ol' college try. I can promise that you will find what you have been looking for this whole time in this huge city; delicious, cheap, fresh and authentic Mexican food.Thanks for reading.
5	This is by far, my favorite mexican food place. The chips are sooo good. and everything else is good. The workers are really nice too. and they have sangria ! :)
4	Great authentic Mexican food! Jalisco style. I had the tacos with rice and beans. 2 pastor tacos and 1 carne asada. I liked the carne asada better but both were VERY good. They serve both salsa verde and salas rojo. Very reasonable prices... Wish this place was close to home!!
5	I love this place, being as close as I am to my delightful culture cuisine.. I must say this place is very clean, affordable and it is way much better than most "fast food" venues.  Although they don't have a drive thru and the location I don't care much for , the food is great!  Love the green chicken enchiladas, tacos de lengua, pozole or birria... it is great! *** The owner is always around and he is so friendly. I don't care for their traditional mexican beverages there but boy, next door they are good..
5	The food here is yummy for the money :) I tried the Birria de Chivo (lamb in a tomato type of gravy), came with Rice and Beans as well as a stack of small, thick flour tortillas...all for $6.75. The lamb was perfectly cooked and melted in my mouth....totally delicious and definitely ethnic Mexican cuisine at it's best!
4	As previous reviews have stated it is the most authentic mexican food you can get in az, I've lived in nyc and that still does not compare to the award winning delicious taco trucks that city is famous for!! Highly recomend the lengua super tasty and flavorful, my girlfriend had the carne asado she loved it, she was hopeing to get a margarita but they do not serve alcohol.. that is quite alright, because the food made up for it and we ended up going down the street for drinks. This is a great place to have some authentic mexican food!
2	Went to Tacos Jaliscos today and ordered Pozole. Was told they were out of it. So I ordered the tacos at $1 each. I ordered 2 de pastor and 2 of lengua. I must say that they were not fresh at all and they did have a TON of cilantro and onion mix on there. I really didn't like the tacos. Now, the drink place next door is really good. Probably won't return unless I try the Pozole.
4	My wife and I went here after searching for cheap Mexican food on Yelp. The place looks like a dive on the outside, in a strip mall next to a 7-11. We ordered ceviche, grilled steak taco, shrimp taco (off menu), grilled steak burrito, and chips and guacamole, all for less than $14. The ceviche was excellent! The girl behind the counter said to ask for it on the side instead of on top of the tostada and you get more. The portion was generous for the price ($3.50), and very tasty. The tacos are very small but also tasty. The burrito we took home for our daughter and her friend to share. They both said it was very good as well and the size generous. The only disappointment was the chips and guacamole. The chips were thicker and harder than we like, and the guacamole, although fresh, was blended to a very smooth consistency, not a single chunk in sight, and was somewhat bland. Adding the juice of a lime segment (several of which are included with each meal) and salt fixed the flavor. This place was a pleasant surprise and I'll definitely be back for the ceviche, if nothing else. Thanks for the recommendation, Yelpers!
4	Great bean burritos.  Enough said.
1	I don't know how this restaurant earned 4.5 stars. When we first walked in, it felt like we were in a sauna. The food was not fresh as they advertised on their front glass window. The food appeared and tasted like it was cooked earlier today and was kept warmed until served. We ordered the carne asada torta, grilled shrimp plate and the chicken quesadilla combo. The lady at the counter had stated the torta had guacamole and it didn't. The grilled shrimp were not deveined and were overcooked to the point you can barely peel the skin off. Also, we asked for the chicken to be on the side, not inside of the quesadilla and the chicken appeared grey and reheated. The only reason I giving them one star is because the horchata was good. I will not be dining in this restaurant again unless they serve fresh food as they say they do.
3	This is a rough looking little strip mall place. The kind of place you see all over the Valley. If you want atmosphere look elsewhere. We tried a few different things--tacos, torta and assorted other things. The food was all pretty good--not the best in the world, but good. Tacos are a $1 each. Prices were awesome and the service was pretty good also. There's not too much else to say about it.
5	I ate here for the first time today, I had some carne asada and carnitas tacos.  They were probably the best tacos I've ever had.  The rice and beans on the side were also really good.  Cheap prices and great friendly service.  I have a feeling I will become a regular at this place!  Can't wait to try the rest of the menu.
5	Great chiles rellenos!
5	Coming from the east coast and having the experience of living in NYC, the land of food trucks and ethnic food, this place hit the spot! i had the carne asada, it seemed pretty fresh to me, but damn it was spicy too..im not sure if it was the salsa verde or the meat that was spicy..i loved the old school, mexican cross southern california feel inside.Strong accents but that didnt stop me from ordering. i'll be back to try the tamale and their rice and beans among others :)
5	Good bean & cheese burritos. Good tacos.Eat here all the time.
3	This is what I consider the old style taqueria, a hole in the wall place that shows its age.  The food was ok, the service was good, but it just leaves you longing for more.  A remodel, or even an investment on some paint and new furniture would go a long way.
3	I wanted to give Jalisco four stars, but my conscience just won't let me.  It's good, especially the carnitas and lengua tacos, but the refried beans were average and the carne asada wasn't as tender as it should have been.  Full of flavor, but a little chewy.  Fast, friendly service, and the value is off the charts.
5	Delicious tacos! $6something for 3 tacos beans and rice and a mini salad. So good! Me and my husband both had the carne Assad tacos and they were good! My husband said his was kinda dry, but the flavor was there. Don't come here looking for a posh environment because it's not. It's a good ol taqueria and I wouldn't change a thing.Parking lot is a little small, and it's kind of hard to spot the place at first glance but once you make it in there you'll be glad you tried them out! The red salsa is better than the green one, and they have Pepsi in a bottle! :)
5	Carne Asada tacos are to die for. Had four at $1.10/each and was pleasantly full to the gills. Will return next time in the area.
5	This place is a classic. It's been unchanged for years. Every once in a while they will reprint it but it looks almost the same as it did 10 years ago. Awesome burritos. Amazing carne asada tacos. Chips are usually good. Really nice employees.
5	Carne Asada tacos were very good. New to the area and the Yelp reviews were on the money. This will be a regular stop... Always on the hunt for a good carne asada taco and this place delivered.
3	I decided to give the sister location a try after having a foul experience at the other one. But unfortunately it is no better. Where the hell are all these good reviews coming from???
4	While located in a bit of a dodgy neighborhood (I'm sure it's actually quite alright if you live there), Taquitos Jalisco offers excellent Mexican food on the cheap. Huuuuuge fan of the tacos al pastor.. They even give you double the tortillas. The storefront might look a bit dingy to someone who lives 3 blocks north/on the other side of town (or something), but the service is excellent, the burritos are quite filling and delicious, and while it is a bit difficult to pull out of the parking lot in my slammed-ass car, Taquitos Jalisco has a fan in me.
5	Been coming here for over 10 years!  Great authentic Mexican food for a very reasonable price!  Go try it!
1	Some of the worst mexican food I've had out in arizona burrito was super greasy! There was hair in my food and the employees were rude. Overall don't recommend this place...
5	Move over trendy and overpriced taco shops (Backyard Taco, Joyride, etc.)! Taquitos Jalisco is here!Taquitos Jalisco is the best Mexican food that I've had in the valley. I've lived here my entire life and this place beats all others hands down. It's authentic Jalisco-style Mexican food and it's melt-in-your-mouth incredible.My favorites are the "al pastor", especially the tacos and tostadas. Yum! The price is very reasonable. Two people can eat heartily with drinks for between $10-15. It's really cheap for the taste.It may look like a hole-in-the-wall taco joint, but it's worth it! Give this place a try.
4	The tacos al pastor are amazing. I have also tried the carne asada. Everything is pretty amazing! Que Sabroso!
5	Pretty little dive for some amazing mexican food. The street tacos are amazing and everything along with it was superb. Probably one of the top 5 spots for Mexican food in the east valley.
5	What a great little find. Found this place by mistake and had a great meal. Love the tacos and enchiladas. Great food, great customer service and a great value. Would recommend this place to everybody.
4	When you walk in a Saturday night and the place is packed, it's a good sign. When most of the patrons are Mexican, it's a great sign.  Don't let the strip mall location and unassuming exterior signage fool you, this place is the real deal if you want authentic Mexican.Carbon, Al Pastor, Lengua, and Asada, oh my!  They rocked the beef selection so hard. I could barely contain my excitement as I perused the vast menu of combo plates and a la carte items.  I settled on the 3 taco combo plate to kick things off, and went with a variety pack of carne asada, lengua (yeah, tongue baby!), an al pastor.They do it right by using those little corn shells, doubled-up for saucy staying power, and piling on the meat.  Tiny tacos, lots of meat, sauce at the table, can't be beat!  Lengua - mmm.  tasty. kind of like machaca taste but sooo tender and almost fatty feeling.  Really goodCarne Asada - solid choice, as usual.  Probably the least adventurous as it's pretty much just grilled steak, but it was good.Al Pastor - really interesting flavor on their pastor items.  Loved it, actually, but it may not be for everyone. Table sauce selections:A few in bottles (chipotle, standard milder red, standard crayon-green bottle of habanero death) and then 2 homemades (green chile/tomatillo? and some red one?)The green homemade sauce had really nice flavor and I made sure to apply liberally to all items.  I suggest you do the same.  After round one, I quickly and regrettably followed up with an order of 2 sopes (pastor and lengua).  They were also excellent, but my stomach had tapped out awhile ago so I only got about half of each down.If you like authentic Mexican...........get your Jalisco on.
