5	If you feel like reading my review of Benihana or any of my reviews for that matter, you'll find out that 1. Hibachi has not been my friend lately 2.  I'm not afraid to be honest - for better or worse 3. I have yet to give any business 5 stars.  Well, Hibachi Express - it's your lucky day.  It was a Hibachi-kinda night.  Rainy, dark, cold - nothing a little "sizzle" couldn't help.  My bestie picked up dinner and brought it over for an exciting even of "Modern Family."  The total for my plate of wonderfulness was $8.50.  Eat that, Benihana.  I was expecting...well, not much.  But I was PLEASANTLY surprised.  The side of "sweet" carrots, as described on the menu, could not have been any sweeter and were nestled in their cute individual section of the totally reusable (who needs Rubbermaid?) container.  The veggie portion that I opted for in lieu of rice was plentiful, fresh and very, very delicious.  And the shrimp?  Not exactly "jumbo," but high quality and grilled to perfection.  Seriously.  I could eat here every day.  China Lin, I shall miss you, but will always think of you fondly.  Wei Wei, it was a short, but nice run - though I probably won't see you again.  Unless Hibachi Express closes its doors, I will be barreling through them at least once a week in an excited haze of Hibachi happiness.  Join me?
4	Nice addition to the Bloomfield area. Roomy, clean interior. Service was prompt. Food was pretty good and tasted fresh, and the prices were reasonable. The sweet carrots side is surprisingly tasty. I really wish they had sushi though! Also the restroom strangely does not have a lock on the door...
4	Don't let the fast-food style facade fool you. The food definitely comes out quickly, but it's made-to-order and they have some damn tasty udon noodles! I don't usually do hibachi at the big restaurants (Nakama, Benihana, etc) because they always seem big on flair and small on taste (and value for that matter). I'm actually looking forward to trying the hibachi offerings here though.Definitely agree with Morgan, this place is a great addition to Bloomfield. Give them your money if you're in the mood for something fast, fresh, delicious and different!!!
5	My bf and I LOVE this place! It has now become my go-to place for healthy, quick and affordable meals in my neighborhood!  No more Subway! :) I have eaten in and gotten take out, and on all occasions the staff is so nice and accommodating! Especially if you eat in, the one lady behind the counter kept coming to our table to check on our food. I love this place and can't wait to order from there again very soon!!!
