5	I visited a friend in Az and he treated me to V's Barbershop. First off the place is very nice. Old school and professional. And the barbers looked sharp. I got a shave and haircut by Dave. He made me look like a new man and he is super friendly. I will be coming back...  to visit my new friend Dave ;)
5	Best haircut I have had since before I moved to Phoenix hands down! I have been all over Phoenix since 2006 trying to find a good barber and I Mills is it. I went in and told him what I wanted and he executed it perfectly! And to top it off, they have $2 beers and it's good beer....
5	Finally decided to cut the goatee off after a year and a couple months. Looked around and found V's Shop after reading reviews.Great experience starting from when you walk in. Very hospitable and warm. Willie got the nod to cut off goatee and a straight edge shave.  He was very professional and great at his job. Next time I come to Phoenix I will sure hit this spot again for a relaxing shave, and $2 beers.
4	This is the second time I visit V's since they opened their downtown location. The owner Rob is very pleasant and once you walk in his store he literally rolls the red carpet.Today Richie gave me a haircut and shave and as expected from V's the service was outstanding. You can't beat the deal they have going on a cut and shave for $35 plus $2 beers and ESPN!!!This is the best man cave to kick at in downtown area!Stop by get a beer and ask Rob for Richie!
5	Absolutely outstanding not only do you get a big screen TV a drink if you want one and a great big comfy chair but the service is exceptional. And most importantly Vic and Willie are exceptionally skilled in their craft. A true gentleman's place
3	UPDATE:V's Cityscape has gone through so many barbers in the past few months it is hard to give a high quality rating. Mills was by far the best barber they had and they let him go. I followed him to Art of Shaving at Scottsdale Fashion Square.Orig:I've gone here 4 times now since they opened and have had 3 different barbers give me a hair cut. All the cuts have been fantastic, especially the latest one. Ask for Mills if you want a cut that requires high attention to detail. It's a very friendly place in a great location with $2 beer and fair priced shoe shines. Definitely my go to for a great cut in Phoenix.
5	Best haircut I've ever had. The barber knew exactly what I wanted with minimal details from me. Tipped 50% because the value was so great. Wish we had something like this in Houston.
1	I'm not in the habit of giving bad reviews but I'll start with a couple positive things that give it a 1 star. After the haircut I got a miniature bottle of water, 30 second massage on the shoulders and espn on the tv. Fine but that stuff doesn't matter when the haircut is substandard. My barber's name was Marcos. I came in with a full head of hair and told Marcos I want a trim on top with a number two blade on the sides and told him to taper it. Marcos leaves less than 1 inch of hair on top and gives me a high and tight military style haircut. If a barber does not know the difference between a taper versus a fade then he should just stop cutting hair and go back to barber school. That's just the basics! Marcos couldn't even blend it correctly. I look like a pineapple, hair on top and buzzed on the sides. I was charged $21 and I gave him a 24% tip because I won't ever step back into V's Barbershop in downtown or any other location.
5	Local business openings always excite me. It's been great to watch V's, and the ownership, from opening day to now, hone their craft and create a loyal following by providing great customer service, attention to detail, and satisfying the need for another barber shop in downtown Phoenix. I see this customer loyalty increasing further when the shop cuts down on turnover.One of my favorite sayings when it comes to service is, "Make everyone feel like they're the only one." Serve the masses, and make personal connections while doing so, and you'll not only rake in the money short-term, but plant the seed to create a loyal following who will promote your business for the long-term. The staff and ownership at V's share in this philosophy. I think it would be beneficial to create some form of customer loyalty/appreciation card--that's both the marketer and consumer in me talking. Who doesn't love being rewarded for being a frequent customer? And who doesn't love having their shop frequented? It's a win-win!All in all, V's has all the old fashioned treatment you'd expect from a neighborly barber shop with all the modern luxuries of giant HDTVs and $2 local craft beers. I always went to the one in Arcadia, close to my home, but since the CityScape location opened, I've been hooked. Bravo to the attention to detail!
5	I gave this establishment a second shot and they hit it out the park! My barber was Stanley and he did a great job! He understood the shape and contours of my head and was able to execute exactly what I was looking for. I found my permanent barber and V's Barbershop found a permanent client. Also, a big thank you to Rob the owner.
5	I want to come back to Phoenix just to get a haircut here again. Best haircut I've ever had and for only $21.
5	Awesome place to get a haircut! Stanley and Eduardo are great at their craft. Every time I step in the door I always feel welcome. I can't forget the 2$ craft beers! Stop by and you won't be disappointed.
