5	This place is like a hybrid Sams Club and Frys. You can find some very good deals here! Just remember, debit or cash only.
1	Somehow Winco makes grocery shopping worst than it has to be. I had been anticipating the opening after watching it being built, so my husband and I tried it soon after it opened. It's a cold warehouse with no music and an awkward layout. As we walked around we felt like their prices were really good, but they didn't offer everything we normally get, so we still had to stop at Fry's on our way home. And deli meat? Not fresh cut- cut hours ahead of time... When we got up to the counter we expected to be pleased with the good deals we got because every price seemed cheaper than what we normally pay. Instead it was more expensive than what we typical pay for the same items at other grocers. I almost asked the cashier if she had rang something in wrong. We were baffled.Plus you have to bag it yourself, AND you can't pay with a credit card?! Worst grocery shopping experience ever. Grocery shopping already sucks and they found a way to make it worse. Never going back.
1	I was very excited for this store to open. I heard great things about it so my daughter and I went today. We walked in, asked a couple of questions and walked right back out!We looked all over the produce area for organic and finally asked a stocker if there was an organic section. He said there was no section and we would have to just look around for it. Really?!!I guess their customer service is not that great and we do not eat gmo foods.This may be a nice replacement to walmart for people that don't care what they eat but it is not for me.
5	I'm in love with the fact there is a WinCo nearby now!! They have such a HUGE selection of all sorts of things, I don't know why anyone would shop anywhere else. Yes, some things are still cheaper at Walmart, but generally everything is about the same if not cheaper. They sent out a flier in the mail the other day proving it as a matter of fact!  Warning: You have to bag your own groceries, but they do have paper bags!Unique suggestions: Shasta Soda (under 80 cents a 2ltr - great for parties), Tilamook icecream (which I can't seem to find anywhere else - as an Oregon native, it's a must) and their homemade pizza dough (in the cheese section - $1.25 for a quick delicious dinner, can't be beat!)
3	Eh, it's OK.  The prices on produce and bulk items are great; prices on other things are comparable to what you'll find elsewhere, and maybe even a little more if you're conscientious about shopping the sales when you shop elsewhere.  As others have mentioned, they don't take credit cards, so make sure you have cash or a debit card when you go.  Also, you have to bag your own groceries, so it's probably not the best place to go if you've got your hands full, say with a kid or two or more.I never thought about the ambience of a grocery store, but the warehouse feel, weird layout, and lack of music made me appreciate how comfortable normal grocery stores are to shop in.
3	I like this store, but yet I don't.First and foremost, they do NOT take credit cards.  That's a big deal for me because I carry around very little cash.  Except for Winco I have almost no use for cash.  Everywhere takes credit cards these days.  Not Winco.  Of course they save the 3% or so that VISA charges to handle a transaction, so in principle they can charge you less.  Here is just cash and debit (and maybe checks...I don't remember now).On a positive note, the store is owned by the employees.  I like that.As for the products, it's mostly what you'd expect in any grocery.  Same stuff, for the most part.  One notable exception is their bulk foods.  They have bins of oats and cereals and rice plus some candies and chocolate chips and nuts and stuff like that,  You can buy as little or as much as you like.  They also have bulk spices, and they charge by the ounce.  Get whatever quantity you need.  A lot like Sprouts.  So that's pretty nice.They do have a generic salsa that is really good (though even the "hot" isn't every hot), and Juanita's corn chips are great.  Never seen those anywhere but here.Overall I prefer Sprouts for the bulk spices, as well as the produce and meats.  The brand-name products you can get anywhere (Fry's, Basha's, etc), so just follow the sales.  You may save some here if no one has a sale.  But I wouldn't make a special trip here because you'll burn up your savings using more gasoline.  If it's convenient and there are no sales anywhere on what you need then this is a reasonable choice.
5	I've shopped at WinCo in California before, and always liked their bulk foods section. I was again very impressed with this new store that opened in Gilbert near SanTan Village for the ever-expanding buying-in-bulk options. I mean, you can buy Pork Rinds in bulk here! That's ridiculous... ridiculously awesome!  (Although it might be an indicator of future cardiac health issues if you really need to sustain a Pork Rind habit that involves buying them by the pound!)The other bulk foods available at WinCo includes a dedicated station for walnuts and pecans, honey and nut butters, an impressive array of whole bean coffees, and bulk spices (even taco seasoning... amazing!). I was also pleased to note that their prices are very competitive when it comes to lunch meat and other items that I hate to get nickel-and-dimed to death on. Wasn't entirely smitten with their choices of beefsteak however. I can find better prices on New York Strip steaks (Costco, for instance), but their ribeyes were decent and only around $6/lb.I would advocate checking out WinCo if you're a savvy, price comparison shopper. You're likely to find that they underprice the competition on a lot of grocery items, however, their selection may be lacking in some departments.  Nonetheless, it's a great big huge store that is fun to explore, even if it's on a fact-finding mission to see how many peach gummy rings you would need to buy to fill an entire bathtub.
5	We love Winco! It's easy on the pocket especially on produce which has been good quality so far. Also Milk is always under $2 a gallon! I love all the different types of breads they carry and their HyTop brand products aren't bad. We hate shopping at Walmart and supporting an awful company. Winco treats their employees well and have always had exceptional service. You can't compare it to Fry's or Safeway it's a hybrid! What really helps is that it's great for just 2 people, I don't always want bulk quantities from Costco but love the grocery store prices that are very competitive.
5	I am in love with Winco! The bulk items are great and they have a lot of great prices on food. I also really like the selections. There are certain items (Tillamook yogurt for example) that you can't find at other grocery stores near me and it's still incredibly affordable. I try to shop here as much as possible.
5	My boyfriend raved and raved about Winco and talked about his experiences going here often growing up in California. When they finally built out here, we ventured out to shop. Store front is large, in a good location with ample parking. Shopping carts are deeper than normal, which is smart. Store layout is somewhat of a maze in the beginning but is large inside with a lot of product. Prices are noticably lower on many items but not on everything.  It might take me a couple more trips to know what to get here to save money and what I can continue to buy at my neighborhood store. Staff is also very helpful and we used our spend $50 get $10 off coupon. Shoppers bag their own groceries so dont expect that when you shop here. Overall, I liked Winco and will return!
5	Walmart prices without the lumbering families walking hand in hand, taking up an entire isle. Sure, you can't get guns and ammo but we have plenty of stores in the Valley for your firearm needs. Love the bulk section. Things that really stand out. Bulk Coffee: I'm a coffee snob. I buy only the best but after a shove from my daughter, I gave it a go. $5.99 a lb for the espresso roast. It's on par with peets, starbucks, etc. and remember, that's a full lb not t he 12oz size offered on the shelves.Dairy: One of the few places you can find Dairygold in the valley. Maybe the only place. If you're from Seattle, you probably have a place in your heart for Diarygold. The butter is the absolute best. Chicken: I realize that the fresh roasted chicken is available at every grocery store but at $4.49, Winco has the competition beat.  If you live in the area, you'll usually get a 10% off coupon for $100 or more. Look for it, it's a great deal.
5	When I moved back to Arizona after living in Texas for a few years, I was ecstatic, overjoyed, couldn't contain my happiness! That is until I had to go grocery shopping, then I missed Texas just a bit. You see in Texas I lived less than a mile away from a beauty of a store called Aldi. I had the grocery shopping down, most staples at Aldi, a monthly Costco visit and then a Kroger and Tom Thumb every 2 weeks. Coming back to AZ I had to start all over, with the  visits to Walmart, Fry's and Safeway but not really happy with the prices or quality of their store brands. I still missed Aldi's bargain prices, the amazing quality of their store brand products and how super fast their cashiers were. Where was I? WinCo. Yes, this review is for WInCo. I drove by WinCo on a trip to Chuck e Cheese, so I made a mental note to visit. The first time I was there I was extremely happy! Now I have become a "regular" and since they have two stores close to me I try to alternate between the Mesa and the Gilbert store. The Gilbert store is much bigger, but they are both equally clean.They have some weeks were prices are not as discounted on my favorite items, but they are still low enough that they beat competitors prices. They will not bag your groceries, they will not help you take them to your car, but they compensate in their prices. I can bag my own groceries.
5	This is a great place to go for a lot of grocery shopping. The store is very clean,  and the seemingly unlimited bulk food bins are a great way to get a lot of food for cheap.   But watch out,  they have tons of candy and snacks in them,  so don't shop hungry!  The bulk foods include coffee and they have a Huge selection of whole bean for under $6 a pound.   The cashiers are very friendly,  and if bagging your own grocery's are what it takes to shop as cheap or cheaper than Wal Mart,  then count me in!
4	Happened upon the WinCo as I was out for my weekly grocery run so I decided to go in and see what this place was all about.  Upon first entering, I. Wasn't quite sure which way to go...the stores seems rather large and the layout is completely different than other grocery stores.   Some aisles go slanted some go front to back, so it took me a bit to get my bearings.   I did find a little map that you can have in hand for some help.The prices were definitely better on most of the items that I typically buy, however, if those items are on sale at my local frys or the like then the sale prices are better.  For instance a can Hunts of spaghetti sauce at WinCo everyday is 1.29. I know on sale I. Can get it for .99 at walmart etc.  Overall though, if you are not typically a coupon shopper, then this place would be your best bet as the everyday price is cheaper.  My lack of 5 stars is simply for the meat selection, both deli and bigger cuts ie: roasts etc.  I did buy the store brand lunch meat (ham, turkey, and roast beef) to give it a try and it wasn't as good as I hoped it would be. The store was very clean and the employees were very friendly.   You do have to bag your own groceries, not a big deal but I stood there for a second before I realized this.  I would definitely shop here again for basic things on my grocery list.
4	I was really excited when I heard we were getting a WinCo.  It is a huge store with all kinds of items.  One of the things I especially like about WinCo is the bulk foods area.  Think Sprouts; these are loose, bulk foods that you decide how much you want and put in a bag yourself.  It is a large area offering everything from grains and pastas to candy.  The store is extremely clean and did I mention large??  There is a huge deli department, large produce and everything in between.  The one negative is that they don't carry all the varieties and brands that I normally get at my local supermarket and when you are used to something, you want to get that and not a substitution.  The staff is very helpful and friendly.  The prices are mostly good with some hit or miss.  I have found that while most of the prices are better, there are a few items that are higher and that may just be due to those items being outside of our regional offerings.  You will bag your own groceries so be prepared to do that and cash or debit is king.
4	WinCo is fairly close to me and my dad was really excited they were coming to the East Valley, and especially near where we live.  However, the prices aren't all that inexpensive.  However, they have a reasonably good bulk section, which is why we come here and their prices for some of their deli stuff is better than Safeway, which is usually where we go for things like chicken strips, fried chicken, wedges.  WinCo's stuff tastes good and it's much better pricing for that.We buy protein powder and it's about $3-4/lb less than Sprouts for their whey protein.  We love that they carry spices in bulk, and you can get what you want, which saves us money, too.Everyone that we've dealt with at WinCo has been super friendly and helpful.  The store is spacious and clean.  The only downside is that some of their prices are competitive, but since they have no weekly ads, it's hard for them to compete with Frys and the stores that sometimes have killer weekly specials.  If they did do this, then they might attract even more customers.Even though they have a thing that says you can buy in bulk without the membership fees, Costco still does have better pricing on a number of things that far surpasses the extra pricing you would pay for a basic membership at Costco.
4	First time ever at WinCo and very happy with the outcome.  They have a large selection and the prices were pretty good.  Before walking in, I thought they were a "bulk goods" grocery store but I was wrong.  Only downside is they don't accept credit cards but that isn't necessarily a bad thing.
5	Love this place. Have to shop here to get what i mean.  Good quality. very cheap. a bunch of bulk things which i love.
5	Huge and lots of things I have been looking for in my regular grocery store that I haven't been able to find. Super duper happy! Two thumbs up!
2	No credit cards accepted here, that's a huge factor in me not returning. Plus, the environment wasn't too spectacular--it had a quiet eerie feel to it. No music playing and had a warehouse feeling about it. I gave it two stars because they have a great bulk selection and even though I don't buy bulk, it was pretty impressive. We had to bag our own stuff. The prices weren't that amazing that I will return.
4	This is a pretty nice grocery store ( but I do miss my favorite grocery store back home- Mariano's) prices here are  good, there's a good variety of produce, a very good bulk section and good customer service ( few weeks ago I purchased a pack of steaks and the next day the meat went bad and they were able to give me my money back.  I will probably be staying away from the meats for a while)
1	Gave it a try and no thanks.  Wanted to check the produce out to see what type of place I was dealing with, the apples looked very poor which is unacceptable.  So I looked for the organic apples, avocados, anything organic...only stumbled upon organic bananas.  Don't carry the largest selection of brands either, wouldn't buy brand name coffee here that's for sure.  They do have some good good prices, their bulk items are very reasonable, not sure about the quality though.  This place is not for me, would hope they can update anything gluten free to make shopping easier as well.
4	We have shopped here about three times and will definitely be back. The store is VERY clean and organized. It is not hectic at all which is a nice change of pace from Walmart or Fry's. Plus we have never had to wait to checkout because there is always a cashier open. I do wish they had a bigger selection of g.m. items (toothpaste,  soaps etc...). They only take cash or debit, and you will have to bag your groceries,  which is fine with me. Overall found prices to be better than Walmart and Fry's.
