5	Dr. Hunt and Hunt Family Chiropractic provides excellent service to the patients. Dr. Hunt has a caring demenor and genuinely cares about the health and wellbeing of all his patients. After knowing Dr Hunt for numerous years I was excited to see his practice open up. I have been going for a few months now and seeing him three times a week. There is a definite improvement to be seen. My back hurts less and I feel better.
5	I have been going to Dr. Hunt for several months now and the experience has been great!  He is kind and caring and is an excellent doctor.  I have had neck and shoulder issues for a long time and they are getting much better.
5	As a massage therapist I normally would rather have a massage than get adjusted, that was before Dr. Hunt came to town.  I trust him implicitly, and the techniques he uses are amazing. I take my four year old to see him too, who always greets Dr. Hunt and Larissa with great big hugs. Highly recommend this office, truly feels like family
5	I think Dr Hunt is the best Chiropactor out there!  He is always concerned with my family's health and takes his time with every patient.  He is gentle, listens to what we have to say, and gives proper guidance.  My husband has had back problems for a long time and now that he sees Dr Hunt, his pain is minimal or almost gone.  Thank you Dr Hunt!
5	My 13 year old son broke with leg two months ago and since has been non-weight bearing.  As a result, even with physical therapy 3 x week, he is having a difficult time bending his leg back to a normal position.  Last week he was seen by Dr. Hunt as a first time chiropractic patient.  Dr. Hunt quickly put my son and his anxiety at ease.  He fully explained each step of the process prior to the adjustment.  After the adjustment Dr. Hunt took a few minutes longer to have a very heart-felt yet concerning talk about my son consciously working toward straightening his leg (it was good for him to hear it from somebody other than "nagging" mom).  In addition, while waiting in the lobby I was extremely impressed with the family feel environment and the way the staff acknowledged coming and going patients.  Our first experience exceeded expectations and we look forward to future treatments with Hunt Family Chiropractic!
5	Hunt family chiropractic has always been amazing! I started here in 2013 and as I am from Washington it was hard to find a chiropractor that I enjoyed. They worked really well around my finances and made sure that I was still able to go to the chiropractor as much as needed. They are one I would recommend to anyone!
