5	After months of research, and shopping around I bought a beautiful Champion safe from the Arizona Safe Outlet on Black Canyon Highway, and I couldn't be more pleased. The entire experience was great! Gary was the employee working the day I stepped in to see their inventory, and he spent as much time as I required to answer my questions, and tell me about Champion safes, and their competitors.The safe was just delivered today, and Dave, the owner of the business, brought it himself. He was extremely careful about moving the safe over door thresholds, hollow tiles, and one small section of hard wood flooring, and got the 700 pound beast set nicely in place without any damage to my floors.I visited other safe stores in the Phoenix area, and know for a fact that I got a better safe, at a better price than any of the competitors. I was originally planning on buying a Browning from a different store, but the Champion I actually bought is bigger, has a better fire rating, and a better bolt/locking system. The best part of it all is that the Champion was also $400 cheaper than the Browning!This entire buying experience has been fantastic, and the service was well beyond my expectations. It's apparent this company cares for their customers, and plan to be in business for a long, long time. Do yourself a favor, and don't buy a safe until you've visited the Arizona Safe Outlet, and compared their products.
5	I was looking for safes and I sure did find them! I was blown away at the selection they had. They have little, medium and huge ones! They have plain ones and super fancy ones. I finally  decided on a nice Superior Safe. They delivered the safe on time and took extra care for the house. They installed the safe and had fancy equipment to get the safe to it's location. I would definitely go the Arizona Safe Outlet if your in the market for any type of safe!
5	I went to every big box store and major safe dealer in the valley after visiting the Arizona Safe Outlet.  Dave at, AZSO, showed me the differences in his Champion and Superior Lines as-well-as how they differed in construction and options from other prominent brands.  About a week later I was back to purchase the Superior safe that fit our space and budget requirements.  As Dave had said before I left, it was a far better safe (e.g. construction, lock, double seal door, fit finish, fire rating, etc.) than any other safe in its class.  So, let me save you trouble, time, and fuel, by recommending Dave and the Arizona Safe Outlet.  I also recommend having Dave deliver and install your safe.  He was on time, professional, and able to get the safe through tight quarters and bolted down in no time.  If our safe ever has to be moved Dave will be the one to do it.  If you're looking for a quality safe and reputable dealer then go see Dave at Arizona  Safe Outlet.
1	I needed a safe bolted down.ASO came in as one of the lowest bidders but also answered my request really fast. I had some questions and the answers to these did not come as fast - however, we did agree on a date, time, service and a price. Then it got quiet. I even sent an email confirming the deal. Got no reply. To this very day. I will not deal with these kind of cretinous flimflammers, as there is a plethora of companies that renders the same kind of service - presumably in a better manner.
