5	I recently used Mother Hen Pet Sitting at the suggestion of a friend, and I will DEFINITELY use their services again.  My dog loved the daily walks he received while I was gone, and probably felt spoiled at the one-on-one attention he got.  Diane and her team are incredibly professional, and I was confident my beloved monster-dog was in good hands. Will hates being kenneled, and leaving him at home when I was a way for the weekend was so much better for him. He didn't get anxious, and I knew he'd be more comfortable staying at home.  I'm pretty sure he hated seeing me come home, because he had to go back to his less-spoiled lifestyle and had to share my couch (with me) again.Mother Hen Pet Sitting is a great option, and much better than a kennel for my dog who's use to a more solitary lifestyle.
5	We love Mother Hen Pet Sitting.  We have 3 dogs which all require medication and are confident that our pets are getting their medication when needed.  The staff is great at updating us while we are away and giving all 3 of our dogs the love and attention they need.  We love being able to leave them in the comfort of our home versus a loud kennel.  One of our dogs is 14 and gets very stressed in those situations.  We are lucky to have Diane and her staff to care for our pets and meet our individual needs.
5	Mother Hen Pet Sitting is amazing.  My dog was so very happy and it put me at ease because I was sent a daily update and photo of my dog having more fun than we could provide for him.  They even brought in my mail!!!  Its so great to have your pet in their normal home environment while your away and know they can't catch flies or escape.  Its so worry free and makes my vacation even more relaxing!  Thank you!!
5	Excellent service!! So much better to know our boy is home, safe and getting walked every day! They sent us pictures of him trotting around with his teddy, made my wife and I feel very at ease.  Thanks, Mother Hen Pet Sitting!
5	We always use Mother Hen to walk our golden when we work long hours. They always send a text and a picture to update us, which is always positive and professional! The rates are reasonable and they will make themselves available, even at the last minute. Great service!
