4	As far as coin-op washes go, it's a winner. The staff do a great job of keeping the wash bays clean, everything is always in working order, and the prices are fair. The timers don't run out too quickly and it's only a buck to start the machine--a heck of a bargain compared to some more profit-minded coin washes.For a typical coupe or sedan, you could probably easily wash for $2.A midsize SUV can expect $3 to $4 depending on how dirty you decided to get last weekend.They do have a blower (a buck for thirty seconds) if you want speedy drying, but there are also shaded parking spots nearby where you can towel dry, and with the spot-free rinse, you can honestly just book it down Warner or the 101 and use nature's blower.
1	Just terrible - been there a few times because they're only 3 or 4 dollars, but it was money wasted. They have a very antiquated car wash, where you have to perfectly line up your wheels with grooves so narrow they barely fit. I spent 5 minutes backing up, pulling forward, again and again trying to get my wheels aligned just right. A couple times I succeeded, a couple times I didn't. If there's staff there, they'll help guide you in, but it's still hard, and there's often not staff there. For five bucks you can get a much easier car wash at any other (modern) automated car wash.
3	Decent car wash.  I had the $5 car wash (the most basic one that comes with wax spray), which comes with a 30 second dry.  There was an attendant that power rinsed my car off before it went into the automated wash.  This car wash is touchless, and uses only water pressure to clean, which inherently does not clean as well as the type that uses brushes.  The drying station is separate from the washing station, and there is a good amount of time for you to go through and dry off your car.
3	The wash did an okay job of getting all of the dirt off. Although I have been to better self auto washes that get the smeared bugs off of the windshield and car hood. It was a pretty cheap price and the little towels that you can buy to dry your car were only $1. When you pull into the drying stations they have a big vending machine filled with extras you might need like air fresheners, wax, Armor All, leather wipes ect. Overall, a good place to stop by if your car is not extensively dirty.
5	Great spot to go to when you want to wash your own car! its really affordable and the staff is really friendly. I usually go on the weekends and a man named dannon always helps me with what ever i need. There's a lot of air fresheners , towels, cleaners etc..to choose from in the vending machine. its a great family owned business! Id definitely recommend it if your not too lazy. I always feel great knowing i washed my own car when i leave.
1	PLEASE notice the other reviews are outdated.  I went this morning to wash my own car. Bay 1 won't accept my credit card AMEX.  After two attempts it just freezes up. Move to Bay 2 it accepts card. As I attempt to spray soap on the car its blasting out of the handle all over me.  I make it thru the process and pull to the dryer where once again it won't accept my AMEX.  After one attempt I figure lets use VISA. Won't accept it and now freezes up again. Here I am with a black car covered with water, two small microfiber towels and no way or time to spend trying to perform a miracle and dry my car.The last time I went there while trying to rinse the soap off of my car the sprayer would only deliver its liquid wax protectant which left water spots all over the car.  Spot Free decide whether your in or out of the car wash game!  DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME LIKE I HAVE DONE.
3	They changed their system so u can wash with just $1. It gives u 2:40 secs HOWEVER it took about 30 sec for my sprayer to update each selection change so I ended up putting 5 quarters in cuz I didn't notice that at first. Plan according I guess.  All in all it's OK. I've washed my car here before and there was more water pressure. Normally the pressure from the sprayer pretty much cleans the car and takes everything off without me having to you the scrub brush or anything else... Not this time, due to the low pressure I had to use my hands to get basic dirt loose :/  Not sure the low water is a fluke or part of their new system.  One thing I do like about this place is that it has a "shampooer" for your carpets if u don't have your own.  I'll probably try again with thefirst.  They also have auto washes for $5 pressure and see what happens.
2	Good price. The only issue I had was with the dryer. The digital timer is not working properly so it's difficult to determine how much time is left to manually dry your vehicle. They seriously need to spend the money to fix the meter!
