5	This is a great casual location to enjoy pizza, calzones, pasta, and sandwiches. The walls are full of NYC memorabilia like pictures of Broadway shows and signs from the subway. Service is friendly and attentive. Our waitress kept gladly bringing paper plates for the four year old to draw on and brought out the kid's spaghetti with the meatballs and the sauce on the side per our request. The food is great and the prices are just right. Their claim to fame is that they make their pizza dough with filtered water imported from NYC.
3	Great food! The service...well. I called in a to go order and was told it would be 30 min. So I showed up about 25 min later. The pizza was not ready and they told me it would be another 15 min. I don't mind but it would have been nice to know so I would have come later. So I decided to have a beer at the bar. The server was so busy gossiping about a coworkers hair that she stood there with my drink for about 5 min, until I said something. The staff was just more concerned with themselves then any of the customers. Once I finally got the pizza it was awesome like always. Great food but the staff could use a brush up on etiquette.
5	If you can make it out to NYPD on Camelback Rd. & 20th St. today (3/12/09) from 5-9 p.m., I am sure they'd appreciate your support. All tips benefit Muscular Dystrophy Association (MDA). Plus, police officers are serving tables.If police aren't your thing-stop by on Tuesday, March 17th and get served by Fireman!!!!!
3	closest you can get to real NY pizza in AZ!  not as good as my favorite place in Nutley, NJ but if you are craving pizza you will be satisfied. Delivery does take 35- 40 min but I guess that is average in AZ
4	Great pizza. The dough they use is excellent. Apparently they alter/filter the water they use to make the dough to resemble that of New York city tap water. The result is great!! Ingredients are fresh, sauce is tasty. Overall, NYPD ranks a top 5 pizza place in the valley in my book. The service for the most part is great. On busy nights, it can be a tad on the slow side, but that goes for any restaurant. I've been to both the Chandler & Scottsdale Rd locations, and love them both. The Scottsdale location I like slightly more, just due to the 2nd story seating. Fun place and great eats.
4	This little pizza joint is close to my house and I visit frequently.  Sometimes my son and I go there for lunch dates...we sit at one of the high bar tables and watch ESPN.   Other times the three of us go on Wednesday nights as a family (Kids Eat Free Wednesday nights).  I can't say anything bad about this restaurant....it is close, cozy, comfortable, and has good food.   It is by far my favorite place to get pizza!  We went last Wednesday night and tried an all meat pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and meatballs...Delish!   I ate the 5 left over pieces for breakfast the next morning - so much for Weight Watchers two days in a row!  The servers are also very friendly and helpful for kids.   In fact, the decoration is kid friendly - the New York & Statue of LIberty Decor have caused my son and I to do internet research and buy books for educational purposes!  Fun stuff!
2	We used to order from NYPD quite often, but this place has gone straight downhill in the last few years.We called for pick-up tonight and were put on hold. No problem, it's dinnertime and they're busy. Someone comes on the line and asks if we're ordering pickup or delivery. We tell them... and get put on hold again. Okay.The guy taking our order seemed totally clueless - probably another new high schooler they hired. He required long pauses between each item of our huge order of 3 dishes and 2 sides. Not terribly difficult, we thought.When we arrived, they tried to tell us that the olive oil that goes on their pasta is plain. Um, seriously? I'm paying for plain olive oil on my plain pasta? I can do that myself! I know for a fact they usually season their olive oil, as do ALL decent Italian restaurants. The fact that I had to argue with them about it was ridiculous. We had to ASK for some garlic and seasoning to be mixed in for us. Thanks.Next, we specifically ordered garlic CHEESE knots - confirmed two times over the phone - only to arrive home and discover we had plain garlic knots. If we'd known, we would've saved the money and just had the ones that came with the entrees. Most upsetting was the fact that we were, indeed, charged for the CHEESE knots, not the plain ones. How complex IS this?Finally, we had to actually request a side of sauce for our cheesecake, when this was never explained over the phone. Funny, since the website menu specifically states the dessert comes with raspberry topping. If there were options, maybe we should have been informed when ordering. If we hadn't caught the mistake, we would've left with... a slice of plain cheesecake. Fantastic. For nearly 5 bucks? I can get two slices for half that at Walmart, strawberry swirl included.All this for overpriced, bland food, an enormous wait time, an incompetent staff, and one huge headache. The pizza is good, sure, but the hassle is NOT worth it anymore. If this is how they run the show now, then I'll take my business somewhere tastier and cheaper.
5	heaven!!!!  they have gluten free pizza and it is SOOOOOO GOOOOOOOOOOOD.  once they got there delish pizza i have been there 3 time in 2 weeks.  i am in love.  they also hav ethe best ranch in the world!
4	Wow this place happens to be one of mine and my husband's favorite places to go eat pizza. The place is always clean and well kept. The service we get is awesome and the food is always fresh when we get it and oh so delicious. If the price was a little lower I would come to this place almost everyday. Would definitely recommend it for families to come and even romantic for a date.
4	I have eaten there twice and ordered out a few times.When you order out they tell you it will be 30 minutes. Realistically its 40-45. They have always been nice and gave be a free fountain drink while I wait but now I just come a little later.The pizza is great, I love it. I always order the Brooklyn and I love the fresh basil on it.When I have eaten there I had mixed experiences, the first time was great, the second time the server spent more time complaining about her fellow employees than serving us. I will eat here again and if your in the area I suggest you try it out.
4	I've eaten here a few times and love the Pizza. It's tough to find any pizza around here other than the standard chains. If you're sick of Dominos and want something that reminds you of a big city pizza, give NYPD a try.  If you order online, it says an automatic 1 hour wait. Go early, it's only around 30 and your pizza will be old and cold. I've read 45 - 60 minutes in the reviews but I've never waited longer than 30 minutes, ever. Try anything on the Menu. It's all good.
5	Went the other night because Oreganos had a wait. Glad we did.Jeffery was serving us, and he did an excellent job. We ordered the Upstate Hot Wings and a 14" Brooklyn Family. The wings came 'sloppy' (bathing in hot sauce) which is always a plus for me. I hate wings that come out like they were basted with a brush with hot sauce. The pizza was delicious. I love the fact that the sausage is sliced and looks like pepperoni. And whatever cheese they use, MUAH! Delicious!Jeffery probably had 6 tables at once, and he was always attentive. Ran everything perfectly!
2	Food is great but the service SUCKS even for take out orders. Employees are RUDE & LAZY. I now go to the one in San Tan Village ....EXCELLENT service & VERY friendly. Definitely worth the drive.
1	The Place is closed. Too bad - Although it is a monster chain restaurant - it was a nice chain.
