5	Coming from a French family on my mom's side it is ingrained in my genes to love cooking, food, and shops like Sur La Table...oh and also wine and cheese...what a tough life I live!Sur La Table is a classy cooking shop which offers high end cooking ware, appliances, and also dishes. Somethings in the store can be pricey, but you can also find good deals as well. They offer many cooking things you wouldn't find at your average Crate and Barrel for more complicated cooking endeavors. I have also found some cute cookie cutters here for my mom's collection. The staff was all very helpful and knowledgeable. and many Sur La Table's now offer cooking classes!
5	If you are a food and cooking nut like me, do not go in here unless you have about 45 minutes to browse. I could spend 15 minutes just standing in front of the knife case dreaming of having one of everything.   This store has every little cooking gadget, gizmo and doodad you could imagine.  They have egg toppers, egg cups, 4 kinds of citrus reamers, 20 kinds of spice grinders and 4 shelves of just teapots.  They have tons of specialty ingredients like fancy salts, mustards and jams.  As the other review mentioned some of the stuff is overpriced but a lot of the time you can get some great things for cheap.  Their clearance section always has some deals if you can sift through the mess without breaking anything.  The only thing I don't like about this location is I have to walk past the obnoxious patrons on the patio at Pink Taco to get to the store.  Although, it was funny to hear an older lady ask her son if he has tried the Pink Taco yet.  Ah, Scottsdale.
4	If I hadn't already fallen in love and married Rickie, this would be my mother's second choice.  Holy Casserole! She loves this place. This place will seduce even the most novice of chefs. From the best spatulas in the world (yes, I said the world) to the special stove top cleaner my mother needs that's only available here, SLT, has everything but the kitchen sink. Pun, brutally intended. And as Rhonda J reviewed, the knife section is mesmerizing. And if you've ever used a quality knife and then used, oh I don't know, some piece of crap from Ikea, you will NEVER go back. You may as well slice that cucumber with a rubber band. Great staff. Great inventory. And it makes mama happy. And if mama ain't happy, ain't nobody happy. Hmmm...isn't that a refrigerator magnet somewhere? Bon apetit yelpers!
4	I admit it... I'm a chef wannabe, and Sur La Table makes me wannabe a Chef even more!  I went into this place recently and was blown away by all of the cooking supplies, cool gadgets and accessories.  I'm sure I could find plenty of kitchen tools that *I need* if I cooked more than I do, but seeing that I eat out the majority of my meals at this point in my life, I can't justify shopping here for myself.  I will, however, continue to shop here when looking for gifts for my capable culinary comrades.
5	Great place to purchase kitchen gadgets. They have EVERYTHING here. Things I can't find at Ikea, Cost Plus, Target, etc. can always turn up at Sur La Table. There is a myth that things here are overpriced, and that is bunk. If you compare the same item at SLT and say Target, they will be about the same, thing is SLT really only carries high end products, whereas at other places you can pay a lower price by purchasing off-brand crap.Great selection of Shun knives (they have other brands too but I'm partial to Shun.)
1	a guy walks into a high end kitchen store looking to buy a coffee grinder walks right by the employ who is behind the register doing ???? as this guy walks around the store looking for coffee grinders he finally finds them he stands back buy them for 5 minutes or so while the employ is standing by the register doing????? he pulls one off the shelf and gives it the once over while the employ is standing behind the register doing??? oh did i say this guy was the only one in the store so this guy makes another round of the store looking to see what else he might want to buy .....while the employ.................. after 10+ minutes in the store and not being greeted and/or offered some assistance this guy decided there business must be fantastic  and they did not need mine.
5	I woke up one day and had a huge craving to bake donuts. I checked everywhere for donut pans and could not find them anywhere. I looked up baking supplies on Yelp and found this place. I was like a kid in a candy store. This place had TWO different types of donut pans! It was affordable too. About $10 bucks each. First of all it's easy to get to. Take one bus from downtown Tempe and you're there. When I walked in it was sensory overload. $1 ramekins, Eiffel tower napkins oh my! The clearance section is incredible. I bought a mini pie maker for $4. This place has everything you could ever want. Some things are a little pricey but it seems worth it to me. I also found a container to keep my home made ice cream in. I dropped about $50 overall and it was totally worth it.
4	WIth the dubious honor of being the only place in Arizona selling the Nespresso espresso maker, (akin to the Keurig, only for espresso), I attached bells to my Brooks running shoes and went in to finally see what all the fuss was about. This after listening to my NY friends brag about their Nespressos.Salesperson:           "How strong do you like your espresso?"Me:   "Well, you know....strong. It's espresso, right?"Salesperson"          "Oh, that's where you're wrong...it's not just espresso. It's Nespresso!            I'm going to suggest we start you off with a number five. You'll like it.            It has strong hints of cocoa, but mildly oaky."Me:    "Huh?" Hey, listen lady, I just wanted to try an espresso...ok?"Salesperson:             "Totally get it. You're not messing around here I can see.. Let's try number eight             shall we? It's robust with lots of depth and an aftertaste you're going to              simply love. It's slightly earthy however but I think that may be what you're              what you're looking for.Me:     [Being super witty]   "Jesus."
4	Prices are a bit high, customer service folks are a bit clueless, but the selection is quite nice - not too many places in town with Chemex filters, Toddy brewers, and replacement parts for a French Press all in the same place.  On my most recent visit I picked up an electric kettle and French press for work here, both at 33% off - just have to look for the bargains.
3	A fun stop at the mall to while away the time.  I love the colorful Kuhn Rikon Swiss paring knives I've purchased from the former SLT location next to the bookstore across Scottsdale Fashion Square.  They now come in lovely prints, as well!  I also like the silicone-covered cooking thongs-- nice grip, handy locks, and Teflon-friendly.  A dull-red variety is on sale right now, two sizes.  I misunderstood and thought all of the varieties were on sale-- nope.    My visit yesterday wasn't as pleasant as previous ones.  While there weren't more than seven or eight customers walking around in here, the two employees that met my gaze seemed like they weren't very happy.  Perhaps the two teenagers/young adults taking photos of the goods made them wary of suspicious behavior?  Ah, well.  It won't keep me from coming back again to see what's fun and on sale!
4	Cool place to get upscale kitchen supplies. You can get your basic items such as whisks, measuring spoons, and cutting boards, specialty items like a liquid fat separator, or a coffee tamper, as well as various specialty machines such as coffee and cappucino makers, Cuisinart stand mixers, and even a pasta maker.  We came in here in search of an attachment for our Kitchenaid stand mixer. We managed to snag the last item in stock, and since we called ahead of time they were gracious enough to place the item on hold for us while we headed to Fashion Square Mall to pick it up. Check out was no problem, and customer service is friendly.Prices are as you would expect for a more upscale supply store, ranging from several dollars to an impressive $2000 duck-press machine (I had never seen one in person before until I stepped into this store. Fancy!) They also have some cutsey kitchen items that might not be very practical in terms of standing the test of time (e.g., fragile ceramic measuring spoons in the shape of cats), but might make good gifts for someone that is a casual baker or chef.
5	For a mall, they managed to cram a lot into one spot. Still, I've been to bigger and better Sur La Tables. I would still come back to this place. They were very courteous with me, when they said they didn't know what product I was describing was called, they went above and beyond and called a different store to get information and found out what product I was looking for: Barkeeper's friend, which basically smooths out any surface and removes the sight of any scratches or stains.  it's an awesome product that belongs in any high performance kitchen.For going above and beyond, I'm giving 5 stars. Otherwise I'd have given a 4. You're awesome, Sur La Table Scottsdale.
1	All I was interested in was some more information on something I had purchased!I bought a stainless steel pan for 79.95 at this location. I was very excited about it as i had been wanting one for a while and just moved into a new house after recently being married. The pan I purchased had a white sticker on the bottom of the pan that said made in china which was a little disappointing but not surprising but the main problem was the pan really really wobbled. It did not lie flat on any surface. This wasn't minor but major as I asked 3 other people's opinion on it. They're response was for 79.9, it should be brand new and not wobble. I took it back a few days later and was helped only by one employee because apparently all the rest were either to busy to be bothered or had something better to do like...  Nothing. I believe it was a newer lady Laurie or  Lauren that helped me because she was outstanding. She really actually WANTED to help me and gave me excellent advice.  She was obviously new and was working with what seemed to be 2 other people of authority as they threw their snootiness around. No other customers to help and neither of them would help her and when she asked them, the guy came over all grumpy and wouldn't even acknowledge my existence. ( my only thought is he's annoyed I may be returning something)( either way making me feel like crap).Walking into your store with the pan, I, myself, didn't know what I was gonna do. 1) return pan 2) exchange pan or 3) upgrade to a better quality pan for More Money! I agreed to exchange it only because Laurie was so sweet and nice. It's been 3 days now and I'm sitting here doing this yelp review because I'm still so insulted. I am a regional manager for another store in this mall and I would fire my employee on the spot if they ever treated someone like this. I'm sick of giving excellent service and receiving horrible service. Laurie, please relocate for your own well being.  How could you work with these other people you're obviously above? Good luck!
5	Didn't know what to get my grandma until I saw this store! Thought it would be perfect to get her a gift card for here, and it was a breeze! Came in told them what I needed, rang it up at the register and then I was done! But I did look at some cool gadgets while I was in there, I couldn't help it! The staff was very nice and efficient, nice location and also great deals for Black Friday!
5	This location is pretty small compared to other locations I've been to, but I was pretty impressed for the variety and size for a mall location. They had a lot of accessories for KitchenAid mixers (which is what I was looking for) as well as a lot of knick knacks for your kitchen. The items were very high quality and while some were a little pricey they had some that were very reasonably priced.  Their items are a good investment for your kitchen and will probably last a lifetime. The staff are very helpful and will hold your items up from if you have something heavy and want to continue shopping. This is nice because it can be annoying having to walk around in a store (especially if it is crowded) with a huge pot in your hands.
4	First, I would like to rate the cooking classes... which I would give 3 stars. I signed up for a couple classes when they went on sale (50% off) a few weeks ago... Well, I am not a beginner and unfortunately most of the people in the class didn't even know how to cut an apple or onion properly. The chefs were VERY NICE but the kitchen is so small that most everything is not hands on and you just stand there and watch other people do a few things or the chef does it themselves, so you could just watch food network and get the same effect. If you are a real beginner and don't spend much time in the kitchen this would be a great place for classes  because you would get more comfortable in the kitchen, but if you are an avid cook like I am, there is really no benefit at all to taking these classes. I took 2 (knife skills and french pastry) and honestly I learned nothing and ended up helping other people in the class.As for the store, the staff are all very friendly and helpful. Also, the prices of their everyday kitchen tools are not much higher then shopping elsewhere and they have a great variety of many basic things. They also have great specialty items, linens, dishes, etc...When you buy things online you can return them to the store with ease, and their customer service phone line is great!Sur La Table is a great shopping experience and if you are an avid cooker or just beginning I highly suggest stopping in... but beware or you'll end up like me with great gadgets and no where to store them =)
5	....ahhhhhhh Sur La Table! I was looking online for a double boiler and wasn't having much luck at the "big-box" stores (Target, WalMart, etc.). I needed something in one piece and found the perfect product on Sur La Table's website. Problem. I needed the item today. I took a chance that they would have it in the store and went there. When I first walked in, the cashier asked me if I needed assistance right off. I advised him what I was looking for, showing him the item on their website via my smartphone. He instantly asked a fellow co-worker to look up the item and see where it was in the store. Bam! Located in about 2 minutes! They then held the item at the register, so I could peruse the store for more fun items. Great products, great customer service!!
5	I used their Himalayan salt plate for months on end to cook up fish and seafood. Definitely a worthy purchase. I always enjoy stopping by this place and checking it out. It's kinda like a candy store for cooks. This place is a hot spot for holiday shopping!
