5	Always nice to come to this location. The staff is friendly and professional. If you get to the back, overall the best one to "stick" you, is Alexa.
4	Ive been twice now and my first time was better than my second. I got the same nice nurse to poke me so that was good.. I think it was Rebecca? not sure. All the staff jokes around and has fun so thats good, makes you feel more relaxed.. I take a long time to donate for some reason... around 1 hr 15 mins, so i enjoy the movies when im there making some extra money and saving lives!
3	01/05/2014 - On this date there was active Crip / Blood beef inside the premises.  If CSL Plasma cared about the safety of its patrons, they would employ metal detectors as well as implement a gang attire dress code - they haven't to this date.Observations:1. - One Crip flying the blue flag out the left side (yeah that's the Crip side) dressed in all blue while "Crippin" and actually physically taking the rag and waving it around (go and check the cameras at 8:30 - 9:00 a.m. on 01/05/14) while threatening one female donor and "checking" another male donor.2.  One Blood (red shirt, red Adidas, again check camera) -  in line throwing out under the breath comments, "fuck that faggot ass blue flag".This is a highly toxic situation that is created by allowing gangsters to fly their colors freely and allowing "Crippin" to go on (wave the flag, bob to music while throwing up signs).To allow anyone to fly flags (wear, or hang out any flags) inside the establishment is to welcome this type of behavior with open arms.Mark my words: someone will be assaulted, if it hasn't happened yet, or worse yet, injured in the future due to improper precautions by CSL Plasma.  I hope I'm wrong.
2	I go regularly because of the convenience of the location. I do have several gripes though. 1. Staff is very unprofessional. Some fun and joking around is great, the staff here acts like a bunch of middle-schoolers. They are usually more interested in joking around than doing their jobs. 9 times out of 10 the person doing my physical tries to tell me about their crazy weekend of partying, or show me the disgusting injury they got. The lack of professionalism definitely gets annoying.2 Pay rates are fair. BUT they can trick you with the pay scheduling. If you come twice a week, the first visit is $20, the second is $39. Seems pretty straight forward. WRONG. I went on a Saturday and got $20 then on Monday and got $20. They never tell you that 7 days does not constitute a week. Pay rates run by the calendar-week.3 Yesterday when going, there was an older red-haired woman working; not a phlebotomist, responsible for clearing out the used machines, setting up new ones, and removing needles and bandaging people up. I watched her go from person to person, machine to machine and NEVER CHANGE HER GLOVES EVEN ONCE! That's not the norm though. Disturbing none-the-less.Realistically though, if you are in the situation where you need money bad enough to sell your plasma, that stuff probably won't stop you from going to CSL. If you have the option, try somewhere else.
4	Everyone at CSL seems knowledgeable and all are very courteous.  The phlebotomists on all three of my visits did an awesome job placing the needles.  If you have the good stuff flowing in your veins, I highly recommend giving some of it up to help another!
5	I've been coming here for years and haven't had any consistent problems.  Out of a few hundred sticks, I've only had 2 bad ones, and both of them were by employees that didn't stay with the company long.  The staff is real friendly and get's their work done. Since I have been going there for quite sometime I have overheard many customer complaints, most of them seem to be caused by customers who either can't read, or are impatient.
4	I think that a lot of people would appreciate reading a thoughtful review of CSL Plasma from a long-time, veteran donor. I've been going to CSL (and ZLB before that), off an on for years now. I'm going to address some common issues that seem to come up a lot.Pain... To me, it's in no way painful. I mean, I suppose it's a little bit uncomfortable. But, if anything, my pride hurts more than my arm when I go. Money... The money is okay, actually. People underestimate how much money you can make going. I get an extra 65 dollars a week/260 dollars a month donating plasma. I get 20 for the first visit, and 45 second. If you weigh over 175 lbs then you'll make that much as well. For your first five visits, you get 45 dollars each. The money is tax free. Not too shabby. Look online. They probably post how much you'll get for your time there.Sketchy people... Can't argue with this point, much. You'll see some sketchy people there, I guess. Bring a book and headphones.Now, don't get me wrong; it's not fun to go. Frankly, I hate it sometimes. But, when I've needed the money (like now because I'm a full time returning student at ASU), it's typically a better option than a part time job. I can go in when I want, or not, if I don't feel like it. I have no specific hours to conform to. And I can bring my textbooks in to get some homework out of the way while I'm there. It's a practical decision for me. Donating plasma is not that bad.
1	This place is gross in every way.  The people that work there are gross.  The people that donate there are beyond gross.  I was going to donate my plasma then donate the money I earned to do one of my good deeds for the year.  This place is so dirty I just couldn't do it.  They don't even disinfect the chairs you sit in after the homeless guy that just donated sat there for 45 minutes.  GROSS!  I'll go donate blood instead.
