5	This place fills a gap that is definitely needed in the area. Fast, delicious, and relatively cheap breakfast food and coffee. Yesterday I had the low carb breakfast in a tomato basil wrap - warm eggs, fresh greens, potato, and pesto sauce. It was fantastic! The iced coffee was smooth, almost-carmely (not sweet), and delicious. I highly recommend this place any day. Oh, and they're open early! Beyond the food, the place looks great and has a beautiful patio. It stands out amongst some of the eyesore plazas of Apache. The only down side - they close at 4pm.
1	I went there today with a group of friends.  I ordered the chicken breast panini combo that came with the mushroom portobello soup....the soup was very good! And so was the very first bite of my sandwich......that is until I found that there were not one....but two hairs in my sandwich!!!  Ok..so there's a hair...I go tell the guys ...they tell me they will make another...and it was good so ok I will wait...but after about 20min..still no sandwich...I go ask and he says I have to wait cus there are a ton of orders ahead of me...  I figured since there was a hair in my food they would want to make it up to me but noo..  So it was a bad experience for me!!!!!
5	I was so excited when I saw a second location of d'Lish opening! The Tempe location is bright and open with much better parking. There were two guys working the front (one who manages the places) and both were super energetic, helpful, and friendly.I got the croissant sandwich, which was fantastic. It has eggs, tomato, bacon, and - I was skeptical at first - pesto. It totally works.The sandwich with a small hot coffee ran a bit over $8 which isn't bad for local, organic food. I'll definitely be back!
5	I love the new D'lish restaurant in Tempe.  I've been to the Scottsdale location before and was pleasantly surprised by the new location.  It is larger, more open and very well-designed.  I had an iced green tea and the 'man' salad, which was a tuna stuffed avocado on top of a salad already loaded with chicken, bacon, feta and a side of cucumber blue cheese dressing.  I must say, this salad is both amazing and very filling. There were some familiar faces from the Scottsdale location working and everyone was very upbeat and friendly.  If you're in the ASU area, I would definitely recommend checking it out for breakfast or lunch.
2	I was happy to see another "non-hookah" related establishment go up in my neighborhood. I tried a crossaint breakfast sandwich and a GIANT green tea. Came out to $11. The tea was great. The $6 sandwich was smaller than my fist. I realize this is a "health" food place and that "we use fresh produce whenever available" but I left hungry. I hope they realize how tough the summer will be.
3	I was excited when I saw D'lish was opening in Tempe as it has been on my Phoenix Coffee Tour (ftw) for over a year, but I never found myself in Scottsdale to try it. So I went there a couple weeks ago and can honestly say it was just okay. Now, I preface this by saying that I have only been there once, they are new, and I didn't order anything terribly complex, but for now...just ok. The BF and I decided to go in instead of driving through. We each got a latte (which are VERY fairly priced at 3$) and I had the bagel and egg sandwich. The lattes were good at the very beginning, but as they lost some of their heat, they became more acidic tasting. I think this may be indicative of good milk steaming abilities and mediocre espresso. Our lattes came out quickly, but we waited about 15 minutes for my egg sandwich (meanwhile a huge table of obnoxious patrons were laughing as loudly as they could next to us in the early AM.....not D'lish's fault, but annoying). I think what may have happened is the people inside get put at the end of the list as far as making food because there are people waiting in the drive thru, so it took much longer to receive food. Anyway, the sandwich was pretty bland BUT I did like that they don't scramble their eggs in the sandwich, they are over hard (like it better over medium, but whatev). I wish they had more variety of bagels and allowed a choice for the sandwich because it would be really good on an everything bagel. Also, their menu states they have assorted pastries and when the BF asked what pastries they had they said bagels and croissants.... not really assorted.... they could probably take that off the menu or add some more pastries. Anyway, I hear their sandwiches at lunch time are really good, so I may try them again for lunch, but for coffee....eh, just ok.
1	bad day? wrong order? I was so excited to try this place and was rather disappointed. The veggie wrap my friend ordered was bland and very unexciting. And the bowl I ordered tasted like canned mushroom soup - is it a bowl or is it a soup? Neither of us finished our food...The service was trite... one minute I'm giving my order the next i'm being ignored... and then poof, i'm ordering and then sort of being helped... abrasively but with a smile... no thanks....I totally enjoyed my chai latte... but probably not going back anytime soon...
5	Love. Love. Love. For starters, I can get a green iced tea the size of my head. They have a drive-thru AND it's a healthy drive-thru. Not to mention they have the best tuna sandwich I've ever had. I probably eat here once a week. It is my dream to one day try everything on the menu. Unfortunately, I can't stop eating that damn tuna sandwich.
1	Oh my goodness, I've been waiting to write a review on this place. I've been there a couple of times as it's right across the street from me. The first time I went in I got espresso and a breakfast burrito. The espresso tasted bland and burned and the burrito was nowhere near worth the price. The eggs were bland, seemed under done and the tortilla was a soggy mess. The salsa they use is reminiscent of that of a grade school cafeteria's lunch room. Disgusting! A couple weeks later I decided to try it again, this time I got a rice bowl. ALL of the vegetables were undercooked and the rice was like minute rice! It had no body and no flavor! To make matters worse, after eating it, I had a tummy ache. It was gross. you know, it might have been the chicken. UGH. It wasn't even fresh, it was like that kind that's lumped and formed. How dare these people call themselves or try to pretend that they're catering to this sort of crowd, this is not healthy food, this is freaking GARBAGE. I will never EVER give them another dime of my hard earned cash. The microwaved crap they serve at the restaurant next door is more appealing than the crap they try to pass off as food here. You'd probably get more flavor and nutrition by chewing on a cardboard box.
5	This place makes me so happy. I went through today and got a vegan apricot smoothie and the veggie wrap with raspberry dressing instead of the cucumber. It was so amazing!!!! This is my new favorite place! The food was so fresh and you can just feel how healthy it is!
5	The staff is friendly, the service is fast and the food is magnificent. As soon as I get in im asked about my day, typical but important.I have been to dlish many times but usually to the one in Scottsdale. This one feels cleaner and gives off a better vibe.The staff all get along and joke around with each other. I love that. Food made with love. I usually order the early bird style burger, the one with the egg on it. I don't eat dairy so without the cheese I was disappointed. The burger is rather dry, but what can you expect when the "meat of it" *giggles, is made of a composition of quinoa and black beans?This past visit I ordered the house style burger. Good choice. It was delicious and I felt good after I ate it. Usually when I order its either one or the other.I will be a student at ASU next year and living in Tempe.I like everything about this place so much that I think I will even put in an appplication for a job here. no joke!To students who are health conscious, environmentally aware, and most commonly, on a budget, THIS is the place for you. See you there!
5	MY DREAM PLACE - healthy fast food!  I tried the Scottsdale location on Saturday for the first time - had the Protein Burger, Early Bird style, and it was so delicious.  Also had the dirty chai (has a shot of espresso) - so good.Today I had the Signature Tuna Sandwich from the Tempe location, and thought it was excellent.  Everything tastes so fresh and has such distinct yummy flavors.I saw the Tempe location didn't have many reviews and a lower rating so I wanted to try it out for myself.  I thought the food was just as good, and as I live in Tempe, I will be frequenting that location. The drive-thrus seem kind of slow and ridiculous, but eh, that's ok -- worth it!
5	Southwest bowl is the bomb! Fresh food. Nice service.  Truly Delish!However, they need more indoor seating space and extended hours.
5	Heaven in a cup is the breakfast buzz. I seriously think about that damn thing multiple times a day. It is my new addiction. Ummm I could go for one right now...
5	The staff are extremely friendly and chipper and the food never fails to blow me away. I highly recommend this place for breakfast or lunch.
5	I will travel across town to get decent food which is almost impossible to find. This D'Lish opened up right near our home and I ignored it for months until my wife tried it and told me it was good. Well, one day I tried it and I have been eating there nearly every day since. I emailed all my friends about it and emailed the owner to tell them how great their food was and how lucky we were that it opened up right down the street from our house.I have had their tuna sandwich 4 days in a row. It is by far and hands won the best tuna sandwich in the universe! You have not had a tuna sandwich until you get one from D'Lish!Everything that I have tried from the menu has been excellent. One reviewer wrote "I probably eat here once a week. It is my dream to one day try everything on the menu. Unfortunately, I can't stop eating that damn tuna sandwich"I did the exact same thing. When I first went in  I said that I would go right down the menu and try everything. But that tuna sandwich is heaven and I can't' resist it every time I go there.
5	D'lish is a GREAT breakfast and lunch spot in Tempe. Thus far I have had the Turkey Club and Kitchen Sink salad. All ingredients are fresh, healthy, and made to order, and I've been very happy with my meals! And what would a coffee shop be without great coffee? NOM. Very delicious coffee. I like that there is inside seating, a patio, and a drive thru. My classes are at the law school in Tempe and I can zip over there in between classes to grab a bite. Not to mention that the staff is SUPER and super nice. Very happy that D'lish opened a tempe location!
5	California Club... That is all.
4	My second visit today was a good as my first! Yummy fast food & I don't feel bad eating it! Plus, it's great quality. Staff is friendly which is also a plus. First time I went, I ordered a breakfast sandwich. Yummm.This time I ordered the Hummus Plate. It came with veggies and warm flat bread. Veggies were crispy, flat bread was soft, and hummus was smooth and creamy. Only downside is that they're only open until 4 and their prices are a bit high.
4	If I visit Tempe again and need to grab a quick and healthy bite to eat, I will def swing by D'lish again. This cute little local eatery reminds me of what I can find in Austin. I ordered the turkey club, and it was stuffed with healthy and fresh ingredients. The place is clean and the staff is friendly.
1	I was here a few days ago to pick up some coffee and the Arizona Burro. I went through the drive-thru and there were tons of flies flying in and out of the open drive-thru window (and into my car as well) and landing in the open peanut butter container I could see. Having flies everywhere is not a good sign of cleanliness at all. This is awful.
2	I was so excited to try this place. I see their tweets everyday, and last week I thought "Today is the day Im finally gonna go". Mistake.I decided to go through the drive thru as their patio looked packed. I got to the speaker, ordered my sandwich (the club), and asked what sides they had since they were nowhere on the menu. The guy on the other end of the speaker sighed and said he'd be right out. Um ok... He came to my window and said "Yeah we dont have them listed but people usually know." I explained that this was my 1st time there and he replied well we have chips and fruit and a little salad. I asked what kind of chips they had and he sighed and said Sun Chips "What kind?" "All of them." "French Onion?" "*sigh* Nope." I asked for whatever he had. He then said well the combo (again, not listed on the drive thru menu) comes w/ lemonade or iced tea. I gave him my choice and he said I was all set and off he went. Now, they were very, very busy so I dont fault them for my wait time at all. However, a couple of the guys that were working the lunch shift this day were so unprofessional. When I was at the window, after I had signed my receipt one of them hung out the window to have a shouting conversation w/ one of his friends that was leaving. As for the guy who took my order, I never saw him again. I got my food and left.Let me tell you what I paid almost $10 for: a small lemonade, a bag of Sun Chips, and a tiny sandwich. Are you kidding me? I mean, I know theyre categorized as a healthy place, but this sandwich was about as small as a McDonalds hamburger, and unfortunately, not very tasty.I dont think Ill be going back.
4	I absolutely love this place. The food is fantastic and the staff is very kind. Everything is fresh and prepared to order. The only minus is the music is too loud and the speakers are so sharp, which is not a good combination (my rating would be 5 stars if the environment was more enjoyable But don't let that stop you from enjoying some excellent food.
2	Great menu and atmosphere. Service wasn't the best, but the manager handled the situation very well and professionally. Unfortunately I found a dead fly tucked into the paper on my wrap. We may have had a fluke bad experience, but I won't be rushing back anytime soon.
5	I cannot explain how much I love D'Lish! I tell everyone about this place.  One day I just so happened to get my oil changed at a shop down the street. Starving for some breakfast goodies, I walked down the street and coincidentally ran into D'Lish. I ordered the California Club with a iced French Vanilla Latte. At first I was a little reluctant to try the California Club because anytime I have ever had anything "healthy" it turned out to be a let down. Thankfully when I ate the California Club I was  delightfully surprised. Ever since then I have continually come back to D'Lish. They have a drive thru as well which is extremely convenient for someone always on the run, like me!
4	In a weird location in Tempe and run by what seems to be college kids so service is very lax but staff is always very friendly. I've only ordered the California Club because I enjoy it so much but I have heard you can't really go wrong with anything. I work near by and my coworkers go at least twice a week for breakfast and lunch so they always rave about it. Next time I go I'm trying something new.Funny Note: The back parking lot really reminds me of a Sonic but I have never been there when the speaker service is working.
1	I've been here a few times, as well as the location in Scottsdale. Both are always tremendously busy, which I can typically deal with. I've tried a few things, and really the veggie & house frittatas are the only things on the menu which I feel aren't overpriced for what you get, but their food is good, so this is - was - an occasional stop for me. Today though, after waiting at the counter for nearly 5 minutes, someone finally came to take my order... Only to refuse to make me the thing I wanted. Yes, you read that correctly. He "offered" me something else from the menu because the frittatas apparently "take to long to make, and we're really slammed." I was beyond stunned, and left out of pure principle. I can think of 9 other better ways to handle that situation. Even worse, I think the guy helping me was the manager. (Here's an idea; advise me that there will be a long wait, offer me a complimentary drink, maybe even bump an order or two ahead of mine so it doesn't cause a backup. It wasn't like I was in a hurry - I even brought a book to hang out for a while!) If an item on the menu is that much of an issue, it shouldn't be on the menu. I really hope owners peruse these reviews from time to time so they can address this sort of atrocious customer service... Not that I'll ever be back to find out, but they might like to know how their business is being handled.
4	Great small place. Friendly staff. Nice menu. Perfect for breakfast/brunch.
5	My newest addiction here is the oatmeal. It is made with quinoa, which sounds a little odd. Don't knock it until you try it, you won't regret it! Have I mentioned how awesome the staff here is too?! This is my favorite places to go when I first wake up. A day that starts at D'lish is guaranteed to be a perfect one.
5	Amazing I love dlish!!
5	Wanting to avoid my hotel's 'free breakfast', I made a short trip to D'lish and am very glad I did. Enjoyed a vegie frittata and coffee. Service was very friendly and quick. I'd estimate seating for 20 indoor w/a patio out front. The coffee was very good and a nice alternative to the chains. I will definitely make it a regular stop when I'm back in Phoenix.
5	The food is soo gooood and the employees are very friendly.
3	good concept and if your order is right, it's pretty good. but slow.
5	Friendly and playful staff that work hard to deliver good service considering their small space and almost always busyEverything from their dirty iced chai to their quinoa burger is AWESOME. If I am on a time crunch and the line is busy I go somewhere else but other than that, their food is always worth the wait. I am so glad they decided to put a D'lish near campus but a little badgered that they did it my senior year when I am about to graduate in a couple of months!By any means, I love this place. One of my favorite lunch spots!
4	Good food and service.  Extensive menu, check it out........
5	This was only our first visit but it was so good that I had to give them a five star rating.  We each had the traditional burrito, which they kindly substituted egg whites for the eggs.  The burrito had a thick layer of eggs, along with melted cheese and a layer of potatoes and the tortilla wrap was fresh and warm.  It was so good.  They served salsa along with it and it was such a great addition.  We both ate almost the whole thing and that's saying something because the portion is decent.  I always try to leave a little of whatever but it was hard not to finish each and every little bite of that wrap!We also each had a decaf Americano and those were fantastic.  Decaf is often so bitter but this was one smooth cup of coffee.  We're returning tomorrow to try something else.  That's the plan now but it's going to be hard not to repeat today's selection.  We'll see.*Returned the next day and I had the same thing but my husband had the az burro that was similar to the traditional burrito but had smoked turkey, avocado, egg whites, hash patty, tomato & feta, wrapped in a sundried tomato tortilla and he said it was very good.  Mine was as good as the first time I had it.  But next time I think I'll try the oatmeal.  It's made with organic quinoa, vanilla macaroon granola, maple syrup, fruit and steamed milk.  That definitely sounds good!
4	Ordered the breakfast burrito and a hot coffee and both were quite tasty..Decent prices and they are pretty fast. The inside is small, but they do have outdoor seating.If I am ever passing by again, I will definitely stop there again.
1	So I ended up going back there to see if anything had changed since the last time I went. MY MISTAKE! The guy taking my order zoned out mid-order and I had to repeat myself twice. He gave me the wrong total for my order (more than it was supposed to be) and so some other guy came up and "fixed" it. Somehow it turned out to be more. I had already placed my money on the counter while I was waiting for a total and the guy tried to hold on to it and was all like "wait." I was like "NO. Every single time I've come in here I've had terrible service. This place is terrible and your staff is even worse! I'm taking my money elsewhere." I literally had to tear my money back from his hand so I could exit without causing too much of a scene. Seriously, this place sucks. The food sucks, the service sucks, don't waste your money. Go get a breakfast burrito down the street at filibertos instead. Or maybe walk a block or two in the other direction and get Ihop.
4	Small parking lot with an entrance that flows right into the drive thru line depending on time of day.  Problem is if people in drive thru dont hug the curb you can't get around them to park.  Almost as soon as you enter the parking lot from the East you will arrive at the drive thru order board.  If you're not familiar with this place you will completely miss your option to order.Parking is very limited to less than twenty spots.Menu isn't too complicated and really not much out of he ordinary.They have symbols beside every item that denotes vegetarian, gluten free, dairy free, protein packed, and balanced.Both entrees we ordered fell into the protein category.My sandwich was pretty good and only wish i could have had my eggs cooked to order.  I had a bite of my sons frittata and that was nummy and i will probably order it next time.Patio has more seating than there is inside.  Music is eclectic with jazz, funk, and a rap blended in which provides a more hip, youthful feel to the place -not that you need any more youthful and hip in an area that is so close to the college.  *g*Overall a decent change of pace and will probably come back again so i can try the frittata.
4	You wouldn't think much of D'lish from its unassuming exterior.  It almost looks like a fast food or burger joint from the outside.  Upon closer inspection, however, it is a brightly lit, quaint restaurant both inside and out.  And although D'lish isn't a full service restaurant, the staff is helpful and adds to the cheery feel of the establishment.The food, simply put, is d'lish.  It is simple and healthy.  I just had the Traditional Breakfast Burrito.  Even though there is nothing complex about the ingredients, it is great.  The eggs are nice and fluffy, and the potatoes are just slightly crispy, just the way I like them.  The only thing is that it can get just a little dry since so much egg is packed into there, so some salsa definitely helps.I also had the Breakfast Buzz Shake, which was quite good as well.  It's infused with so much stuff that it's hard to describe.  "Rich" would be one word to call it.  It is a bit pricey, but with all the vitamins, protein, and other stuff they put in it, I suppose it is worth it, making a good start to a hot day.Overall, I am quite happy with my experience at D'lish.  I love the idea of fast but healthy.  It's a great place to pick up breakfast before heading off to, oh I don't know, the Grand Canyon maybe.
4	I love this place.  They are what they say they are.  Healthy fast food with a drive thru!  I love the morning buzz and so does everyone else that has tried it.  The burritos are so big they feed two people and the croissant wt/egg cheese and pesto sauce is really good.  They are a bit pricey and they dont provide nutrition info is why they dont get all 5 stars.
5	This is my favorite place to go eat at when by ASU. Always good, consistent  and there is always good friendly service. My favorites are the Breakfast Buzz, California club and the Man Salad.
4	I have liked everything I've tried. Their Housestyle Protein burger is wonderful and filling. Their turkey club is everything it should be. They have great breakfast sandwiches. I usually drive-thru to get a drink, they make a wicked Dirty-Chai. I love that I can get any drink made with Almond or Rice milk. The Breakfast Buzz is perfect for anytime of the day. I regularly get the Oatmeal Our Way because it is gluten-free. They have a few gluten free options which is nice, but I think they could get more creative with it. Once you are a regular the staff is very nice. It's pricey, but I can't seem to stay away.
1	Reg at the Scottsdale one.  1st time here rude service!! Wanna be hipsters that play to cool for school work here and food isn't as good as Scottsdale location.  Never will go back always pass it up on that side of town
3	Having visited D'lish two separate times now it's safe to say I have built myself a more than fair opinion of place. It's also safe say D'lish is looking to be major hotspot of mine in the coming months! With the right mindset I know you will enjoy it here too.I would imagine many passers by give D'lish an unapologetic look. The truly lackluster curb appeal reeks with the facade of a failed and dirty restaurant. Keep in mind the word facade though. D'lish makes up for its looks in what it cooks.Health is the focus here. Minimal portion sizes and apparently organic/natural ingredients are meant to keep even the more hearty choices at a low health concern. The burgers (what I ordered on my first visit) are meatless. Instead a wonderfully blended patty of quinoa and black beans is served between artisan bread and a slew of great tasting condiments and toppings. The "Top Notch" burger is my personal favorite however many prefer the healthier option with pesto on it. Either way your taste buds will thank you!Breakfast burritos seem to be a popular item on the menu. Hence my choice in ordering one during my second visit. It's a no-frills burrito with hardly a garnish in sight, but with such high quality ingredients being cooked with careful skill and precision nothing stands in it's way to becoming the perfect breakfast meal. Try the coffee and tea too! Their dirty chai is one of the best I've ever had. Take heed, D'lish is EXPENSIVE for what you're getting. A burger is $8.50. No fries. No salad. No drink. In fact, buying a medium dirty chai tea will run you a hefty $4.75. Health is the key at D'lish, but the almost $14 price tag just does not make it plausible for a college student such as I to make frequent visits, especially if the portions are so minuscule. An unfortunate setback in an otherwise fairly perfect experience.Try it out for yourself though! Maybe the price won't bother you as much as it did me.
5	Like the Place! has some covered parking with a menu on it so you can decide what you want before you go in, pretty cool. has a drive thru as well. you can place big orders ahead of time and go through the drive thru and pick it up! how convenient. place has 1 register, so when the place is packed and the drive though is packed, they switch back and forth using the same register. A little annoying for customers and prob the register guy too! get another register! Peeps are friendly, service is great, they get people in and out quickly, so it seems ok. ordered the California Club, place was packed! food amazing, the Tea was amazing too! I'll go back for sure!
4	I made my first-ever journey to D'lish this morning because I was aching to try the concept. Fast, fresh, drive-through breakfast? I loved it. As an aspiring locavore, I also appreciated the touted ingredients. I ordered an almond milk latte and the veggie frittata. One reason I already love this place is because it is one of the few places near me that actually HAS almond milk. While the latte wasn't terribly hot, my tastebuds appreciated the flavor regardless. The frittata was flavorful and a unique combination of flavors. There was just a little too much pesto, which made the underlying toast soggy. Service was excellent; everyone there seemed happy despite working on labor day. Portion was perfect. Overall, my meal satisfied and I would return.A few words about this place, not necessarily overtly negative: first, this is NOT a cheap place. My latte and meal were over $11. No value menu here. Granted, I totally get it - you're getting real, unadulterated food, not lab-generated franken-fuel. Just a fair warning. Second, this is not the place to go if you're in a hurry. I think it took about 8 minutes to order and get my food. Not bad, but bear that in mind if you're scrambling to nosh before hitting that lovely morning commute.Overall, great place and I will return, again and again.
5	My friends were boasting about this place and so I threw it on my bookmark list. Today I had the pleasure to stop in for some breakfast and I was very delighted! I got the California Club sammich which was divine I also had a caramel latte and it too was cuteWhat totally made my visit was when the ASU mens rugby team walked in...I melted!
4	Pretty quick and good.  Tried D'lish for breakfast and was impressed.  Nice service and good menu.
5	Amazing everything.
3	The food is just as great as the Scottsdale location, but the service here sucks! They are so slow it drives me insane waiting to get my food even when its not busy.  Even just ordering a coffee took 10 minutes. 10 minutes!! Would have been faster just to drive up to the Scottsdale location.
2	While I love the food here and don't mind paying $10 for a salad, I have to give them a low rating because they nickel & dime customers for everything! Non-dairy dressing for your salad = $1.50 because it normally comes with ranch. Splash of lemonade with that $4 tea = $.50 because they can. Come on. Employees had attitude about it too. Well you know that $2 tip I threw in the tip jar? Why don't I take it back to pay for my splash of lemonade? Even though good food, still leaves a bad taste in my mouth.
4	I'm not a vegetarian but I really like their veggie burrito. It's a great mix of ingredients and the salsa adds good flavor. I've recently become quite the fan of their lattes as well.
2	We visited in hopes of a quick light lunch on a Saturday afternoon.  My assumption about this place was that they would be serving a light, fresh, and flexibly healthy menu. Although most of what they have seems to be fresh and healthy, ALL of their soups are dairy-based, and there's a lot of wheat, eggs and dairy products on their menu. Prices seemed reasonable, and the staff were friendly and tried to be as helpful as they could. The Chef even came out and discussed my needs, but it seemed a bit of a stretch for them to adjust to accommodate my admittedly difficult dietary restrictions.  The only thing they could offer was a salad, and had to omit certain items.  While their menu boasts gluten-free and other individual allergen-friendly tags on some items, I was disappointed to find that they weren't readily able to produce more variety suitable to my needs.  I'd hoped for a more embracing healthy/allergen-friendly standard from this place, given their "Health Conscious" advertising.  Come on, guys - ALL dairy-based soups!?  Not really very healthy.I guess I'd recommend you try this place because they were nice, tried their best, and are obviously a local business trying to make a go of it.  If you have food allergies, and want something other than Rabbit food, don't be fooled by their "healthy" offering.
2	I have now been here twice and both times I found the food to be just OK and the service to be not so OK. Both times I went through the drive thru and both times the person waiting on me was less than helpful. When I got to the window this last time he just stood there talking to someone behind him for quite awhile, while I was holding my money out the window. Finally he turned around and grabbed the cash. I usually drop in a dollar or so when there is a tip jar out, but this time I decided not to. I took my change and he stood there looking at me and finally just shut the window. Another person later handed me my order. WTH?? I get better service from the 16 year old in the drive thru at my local Carls. And I feel much more appreciated as a customer!!
5	It's so nice to have a healthy, yet quick alternative to fast food. I love to get a full salad and sandwich to have food for the whole day. I haven't really had anything that I didn't like here. I think that when you start looking at all of the ingredients one might start to think what is that or do I like that? I try to just go with whatever toppings are included (barring any allergies) because I have faith that they know what they are doing! I like to introduce myself to new foods that I'm not familiar with because I'm not a vegan or even a vegetarian, but am trying to be more conscious of eating healthy. I'm so happy to have discovered the wonderful treat to your body that is D'lish!
5	Do yourself a favor, save some $$  and make a weekly...daily trip to this place until you experience the ENTIRE menu. Seriously, its that F'in AWESOME
4	Was a little nervous from the partial hippy vibe but was great food and coffee. Price/portion was good as well. Will def do another breakfast/brunch here if I'm in the area.
4	Been here twice and both times have been good.
5	love breakfast brunch there
2	Their AZ burrito was great. The flavor journey ended way too soon though. The portion size was disappointing, very small. The salsa included was not very authentic, not good. Service was mediocre, lacking professionalism, what do you expect near ASU though? I would probably not go back again as it was also expensive! :/
3	I think this place's overall 4 star rating might be boosted by the fact that it's kind of a hip, non corporate chain. I've visited D'Lish 3 different times and each was a different experience taste wise but every time I never felt like I got my money's worth.  Traditional burrito with bacon was good, but was kind of small and it lacked a little in the flavor category.  Croissant sandwich was OK, kinda small though.  California club was gross, didn't even finish the sandwich; it was very sloppy and would be better if you substituted the egg for more turkey in my opinion. Everything is fresh and you can taste the quality but I just can't really justify the price.  D'Lish has a drive thru, that is a huge plus, and it's probably the only reason I'll come back.  Just won't be very often.
5	I have never had a bad experience here. I prefer this location because there is more/better seating. I love the parking too! My favorite items are their black bean burgers, the wrap with all eggs white and turkey, and the breakfast buzz! I wish there was a location closer to my house because I would get a buzz every morning!Healthy eating doesn't have to be gross or overly expensive. Just stop by D'Lish!
5	Being a visitor to Arizona, this was a great local spot for breakfast.  Great coffee and natural food choices and very friendly service.  Highly recommended.
5	Fresh and healthy "fast food!" Count me in! I came here for the first time with a couple friends upon their recommendation. I had the Man Salad because it was chock full of healthy protein (tuna, avocado, chicken) and oh man! It was an amazing FILLING salad for a great price! I also had an iced chai latte, my favorite "coffee" drink, and they nailed it! I'll certainly be coming here again
5	What can I say, I absolutely adore this place. My usual order is large green tea and a California club. Their club is by far the best breakfast sandwich I've ever had. It had smoked turkey, eggs, bacon, cream cheese and more. On top if the great food, their employees are amazing. They are always super friendly, incredibly patient, and have never steered me wrong.
5	Great service! Great food! Love the AZ Burro! I love going places where the staff is so friendly and welcoming.
3	I normally love D'lish's food. Sometimes portions or quality can be somewhat inconsistent, which is to be expected from a local place. However, I have been disappointed by the service lately at the Tempe location. Also, today I noticed the restaurant serving Pace salsa rather than their regular salsa, making my normal breakfast choice - the traditional burrito - something I could have easily made at home for a quarter of the price. When I asked about the reason for the change, the response was vague and no offer or apology for the grocery-store quality. I hope they can work on their service and go back to more local/fresh ingredients!
5	How did I not know about this place before!?! I had the breakfast club and it was AMAZING! Great customer service, quick and healthy eats.. what more do you need?
5	So delicious, I would go there every morning if it was closer to me.  My Favs: Breakfast Buzz, Chai Tea Latte, Breakfast burro, my gosh I don't think it is possible to go wrong here. Everyone I have shared D'lish with ends up addicted.
5	Absolutely my new favorite breakfast spot. I visit at least once a week. The breakfast buzz is phenomenal and their breakfast sandwiches are all filling and non-greasy so you never feel less than awesome after eating one.
5	Seriously great food and wonderful staff!  My favorites are the Veggie bowl and Chicken panini.  Breakfasts are great too.  Drive-through is fast.
5	My daughter was getting moving out of the dorms and she wanted a last breakfast with her roommate and parents. Never knew about this place. Loved it here. Small parking lot with a drive-thru. Seemed like the drive-thru always had a line while I was there. So I thought this must be a good place. Just found a little gem. The parking lot, outside the door, and inside they have these big menus. So I park and look at the menu. Yum yum. Looks very interesting. Typical small joint. Order at the front, get a number, they bring the food to your table, and they clean up your table. Anyways, I ordered the AZ Burro for breakfast. Smoked turkey, avocado, egg, feta, and hash. Doesn't sound very good but it was really good. Very tasty. Thoroughly enjoyed it. Nice little place to enjoy breakfast and just enjoy the morning. Very surprised about this place but then again. Good food. Relaxing atmosphere. All I can say is enjoy.
5	great place, way to expensive. i would recommend if you aren't eating on a budget. lower your prices and more people will come!
5	This place is awesome!  Great concept, and a breakfast buzz with extra espresso is gonna be wayyyyy better for you than anything blended from Dutch Brothers!!!
5	I always love dlish, I know I can't go wrong - anything on the menu is fantastic and fresh. I typically get a breakfast buzz and a sand which depending on how hungry I am. Great food!
5	"BE"yond impressed with the quality of food and service! The food is clean, the atmosphere is inviting and the prices are ideal! If you thought fast-food had to be unhealthy, processed, greasy, etc... think again! D'lish makes eating clean on-the-go feasible and affordable! My personal faves are the soups and the portabello burger :) wait.... the Humanitarian is great too....Enjoy! It is D'lish!
5	Quite satisfied with our delicious low carb breakfast bowls- or as we dubbed them "breakfast salads". Organic greens with tomato, avocado, 2 eggs, cheese and a pesto and balsamic drizzle. I was a bit confused because it also came with a hash brown patty which is definitely NOT low carb. When I asked the cashier about it he just shrugged. I just ordered it with no hash browns and he offered an extra egg. Yes please! It was quick, delicious, healthy and cheap. After driving all night from Santa Cruz it was just what we needed!!
2	Food here is  mediocre! Some healthy options & close to campus. I like that they have vegetarian options. I feel that the Employee's at the Tempe location need to be trained on ingredients and allergy information! They seem to be pretty clueless! Also went to the drive thru at 3:30 (they close at 4) and the guy at the drive thru said to me "you are lucky that you didn't come any later or I would be pissed" RUDE!?? As far as I am concerned you are open until 4pm. So you work until 4pm.
4	My sister lives in Tempe, so when I asked where we should take our mom for lunch, she suggested this place.  We all had the green berry tea, which was delicious--even unsweetened.  Everything on the menu seems healthy and friendly to vegans and gluten-free types alike.  I am neither of those things, but I like to have my options.I ended up getting the kitchen sink salad, which had carrots, golden raisins, feta cheese, organic greens, and a bunch of other vegetables.  It was inexpensive for the heaping portions!  My only complaint would be, I could use a little more dressing, but I'm sure if you just ask they'd be happy to give it to you.  My mom had the California club, which looked huge and meaty (in a good way).  She loved it.  My sister had the nuts and berry salad... which I think I will DEFINITELY order next time.  It had raspberries, goat cheese, walnuts... oh my.  I tried it and it was AMAZING.  The staff was super friendly and courteous, pointing out how adorable my niece is (she really is).  We were in and out pretty quickly, and the facility was clean and sunny.  I like that they have a drive-thru... if I lived in town, I know I would take advantage of that!  Will definitely come back next time I'm in town.
5	Have yet to try something that isn't "d'lish!"Protein shakes, breakfast buzz, every breakfast sandwhich, just all super yum
5	Oh, AZ Burro breakfast burrito, how I adore thee. Then again, everything I've had for breakfast or lunch has been excellent. Love the breakfast bowls and salads... My one and only (incredibly minor and unimportant) gripe is that they are super liberal with the coffee creamer. SO. MUCH. CREAMER. EVERY. TIME. But, that doesn't really matter when you can stuff a delicious turkey, bacon and egg breakfast burrito in your face.
4	I used to drive past this place every day on my was to ASU, but did not even know anything about it until I read about it online. Oh man, I am sure glad I did.It is hard finding a good, healthy, vegetarian/vegan friendly fast food place, so having a place like this around is just awesome. Not to mention, the service is great, the staff is always entertaining. I had one guy working the drive through flip out with excitement because I had a gingerbread house kit in my passenger seat. He also kept referring to me  as 'homegirl' haha. I have not been able to bring myself to try anything other than the veggie burgers, since I just love veggie burgers so much! I usually go for the Early Bird. The quinoa black bean patty itself seems a tad bland to me actually, but the toppings so make up for it. The fried egg and chipotle aioli are fabulous on that burger. The buns are delicious as well. Plus they are huge, fill you up fast!D'lish is relatively inexpensive for the quality for the ingredients. I think the concept of this restaurant is awesome and I would love to see more places similar to this!
3	First time customer, and while the food was pretty good, it was rather pricey and customer service was mediocre. I don't think I will be back any time soon.  I ordered the chicken panini with soup and green iced tea. I asked for a splash of lemonade and was handed an Arnold Palmer. I was confused about the pricing of the combo, and when I asked the cashier for clarification, I got an attitude, and immediate "do you want to cancel your order?" which I felt was not necessary. While I won't be back anytime soon, D'lish is great alternative to Mc'D's.
5	The service was fast, the food was healthy and delicious, and the workers were friendly. What more could I want??
5	The Man Salad! What a great place for tasty healthy fast food. And the people are really friendly. They love what they do and what they do is great. Don't be fooled by the street view. Clean, charming, modern, young, and delightfully d'lish.
4	Locally grown and damn tasty. Walking distance from airport hotels and craft coffee and teas. Do it!!! They have this thing called a "man salad".. Im a man and dont eat salad unless its chicken or tuna, I ate this....still a man!  Do it!!!!!
5	I'm going to give this place 5 stars as to me, it is a pioneer of the way fast food should be in this day and age. My wife and I ordered one item off the breakfast menu, a chicken sausage frittata, the kitchen sink salad and a veggie wrap. We finished up with a cafe mocha and chocolate, peanut, banana smoothie (yum!) The food was very good and came out pretty quickly. Everything was just fresh and they had a lot of healthy, vegetarian choices. The place is a little small inside but there is a nice size outdoor patio, they also have a drive through which is a convenient service. In a world dominated by Mcdonalds and other fast food establishments, finally, we have a healthy, convenient alternative!  I hope this trend continues and more of these type of places start popping up all over the place. Way to go D'lish, you really raised the bar on fast food for healthy minded people.
5	D'lish is one of the best breakfast and lunch places in town. It's a small hole in the wall, but the people are friendly, the food is fresh, and healthy, and it's quick. I don't think I've been there when there hasn't been a line of people waiting for some awesome food. Even with a line you get fast friendly service. I highly recommend the AZ Burro or the California Club! Two of my favorites with an Almond Milk Latte.
4	Good fast healthy food. Their protein shakes are great I recommend the breakfast buzz. Some of their menu items are strange which is why they don't get four stars from me.
4	Staff here is SUPER CHILL...The strawberry lemonade here was flame, highly suggest. Traditional burrito was pretty tasty, wasn't the greatest burrito I've ever had but the combination with the lemonade made it easy for me to want to come back.
4	Awesome food! They are under staffed though... so when it's busy the drive thru gets backed up and can take up to 30 mins to get food. One of my favorite my favorite places.
5	One of the best tastin' and healthiest breakfast I ever had.  I had the California breakfast club and a caramel latte.  The latte was good too.  Service was very friendly.    Tempe food rocks.  Photo attached.
3	Very convenient drive-through but it closes way too early and the prices are outrageous for their mediocre food. The employees are pleasant!
4	Really good breakfast sandwhiches, coffee drinks, and customer service. My only hope is that they come out with flavored cream cheeses down the road. Love that their food is healthier than your typical fast food as well.
4	Healthy, fast, breakfast food. Not sure why this is such a novel idea.  So scrumptious- I crave it even when I'm not in a big hurry. Their breakfast burritos are great. So good that I don't think I've ever ordered anything else. I need to branch out.
5	Food is excellent, great service, highly recommend the California club breakfast sandwich.
5	Their breakfast sandwiches have guided me through many a hangover. Cali club, breakfast club, smoothies, all good stuff. Price is on the higher end for sandwiches and such, but good ingredients and quality  taste are there.
5	Best breakfast drive through I have ever been to. This place is not your fast food junk. Healthy food that competes with a sit down restaurant, but you don't need to get out of your car. Service has always been super!
5	I'm no stranger to driving to different cities for good food and I like to work through my list of "must hit" places depending on where in the Phoenix area I'm arriving to or leaving from. Now that I have a friend living in Tempe, I'm excited to add D'lish to my A-list. The staff are accommodating and the food is invigorating. I've seen students roll up directly from parties and yet, nobody seems dragged down like you might see at a burrito or fast food place. My favorite, the Cali Club, has all the ingredients my favorite breakfast burrito has, but is prepared and presented in more of a vibrant manner. Rich's recommendation: Cali Club and kombucha tea.
4	The gal on the drive thru speaker was super chipper. I got an iced coffee and the southwestern bowl. The SW bowel was basically a soup, but it was still good. My girlfriend wasn't thrilled with her dirty chai but really liked her breakfast sandwich.
5	Stopped by on the recommendations posted for breakfast-didn't disappoint! Fresh, hot food with reasonable price AND healthy! From out of the area but wish there was one in Seattle-I would definitely come back.  This will be on my list for future trips!
4	I have gone to this location at least 3 times and the Scottsdale location at least 5 times. This location is much safer to pull into and out of. In my experience of the other location a trip to get a healthy breakfast sandwich can feel like a suicide mission.. This  location has a lot more parking.  It is an extra bonus that the employees seem to enjoy their job! Since this location feels much safer and over all a more enjoyable experience I have started to drive out of my way to go to this location. The food is amazing at both location!
