4	I did wait  a very long time the first time I went here, but the vet was very good and explained everything in detail once she finally came in. The second time I came (a week later) I saw a different vet and I was in and out. However, she gave me a medication that the previous vet had just prescribed and I didn't realize it until I had already paid and gotten home. I'm glad I looked at the name or I might have double dosed and maybe killed my dog! The staff was very nice and I really liked the "nurses". Much cheaper than the vets in Casa Grande. They even gave a follow up call to check on my dog after my first visit.
1	I CAN"T BELIEVE THIS PLACE.  First off, every time we would take our animals here for their routine shots, etc we NEVER got to see the vet.  All we ever got were high school looking kids with huge gage earrings, torn jeans and t-shirts..real professional.  Today I received a call at work from my girlfriend who was crying hysterically.  She said that something was wrong with Bailey, our schnauzer.  She said that she was acting very, very ill.  I told her to take Bailey to the vet, which this vet is the closest.  She ran in and was told by the lady behind the counter that the vet was eating lunch and could not be bothered and after lunch he was going in to surgery so she should just go find another vet!  Are you flippin' kidding me!  What a load of trash!  We will NEVER go back and I hope you don't either!
1	Absolutely horrible. We made reservations over a week ago for boarding, they asked us the usual questions about if our dogs should be fed together and if they take medications or anything. We show up today to drop them off on our way up north for  a 3-day vacation and waited almost 40 minutes before they could "find the chart" and finally some girl with a bad attitude comes out saying that because our dog has a muzzle on they wouldn't accept her for boarding. We put a muzzle on because who knows what other dogs will be in the ridiculously small waiting area, not because she's people or food aggressive (although she might have chased the freely-roaming offices cats they have there if she had not been leashed). We asked to speak to the manager and she replied she is the manager. We were supposed to be in our hotel tonight, instead we lost the $202 we paid for a (30th birthday) vacation that can't be refunded hours before we're scheduled to check in. We've been going there for 7 years and will never be back.
5	I lived in the area for several years, and took my dogs here for check ups, teeth cleanings, and when my dogs were sick/hurt.  I always got in quickly, Dr. Wood is fantastic with animals, they don't run tests that aren't needed, and their prices are cheaper than any place I have found in the valley.  The waiting room is very small, but what do you expect in a small town?  I couldn't care less about that.  The important things are "do I trust you to take care of my furbabies?"  The answer is ABSOLUTELY!  They have taken such good care of my boys every time I have gone there.  I wouldn't hesitate to take my guys back there if I ever moved back to the area.
5	Hands down best vets in coolidge! Very friendly and always do a great job with our dogs every time!
1	I take back my first review about this place, I will never take my dogs there again. We went in for a simple procedure, getting neutered. My dog got a blood clot after, they werent sure what went wrong and when I decided to do a pop in visit to check on my dog he was laying on a cement cell with no a/c and it was over 100 degrees that day. His legs were now swollen and no one noticed when I asked them why. He was also running a fever, I took my dog from that place and went to a different vet to get a second opinion. My dog almost died that day, thank god we stopped in, he went thro 2 more surgeries at the new vet. He had fluid leaking from his scrotum into his legs, they had to put tubes in his legs to drain the fluid. The coolidge hospital never even called after I left that day and I have been going there for 3 yrs now with my dogs. Just goes to show how much they dont care. This place deserves no stars
5	We were traveling through the area when it became evident that my sweet girl was headed for the rainbow bridge. A lovely stranger in a Starbucks recommended (NAY INSISTED!) on this place and it was a god send. Dr. Woods was caring and compassionate and walked me through the whole process. My sweet Bridgeeta didn't feel a thing, it was cozy and warm and just the way it should be. Dr. Woods hugged and hugged me and assured me I was making the right, responsible choice. I know money doesn't matter at a time like that but it was very reasonable, less than quoted at two other places. It was always going to be a horrible time but the staff there made it bearable and I didn't feel like a moron at all sobbing all the way. I can't praise them enough. They really did make the difference in how my sweet baby left this world. Thank you to Dr. Woods and the whole staff.
