5	This is my second visit here and i m fully satisfied with their service. very friendly staf, and they explain everything in the plan. i saw the manager was trying to help a teanager who moved from some other place to Vegas, wow he was trying all his best to help that kid. Hey i got my problem solved in a minute, but i had to wait for 45 minutes. worth it.
5	My family and I have been with att and this store for years and every time we upgrade or visit, we get the best service. It also helps that the workers here speak mandarin, Cantonese, and I think Spanish too? They have all the att phones plus cases, chargers, screen protectors etc. All the workers are very knowledgeable and know the software and hardware of all the phones so don't be afraid to ask. Only bad part is the parking lot which is very narrow and is actually a one-way.
5	I came in to upgrade to a Galaxy S4 and my experience here was beyond amazing. The workers here are so nice, and they also helped me make sure that the phone was right for me. (I wanted to make sure it was a suitable phone for college)  Pretty sure the entire staff speaks Chinese as well as English, which makes sense since the store is in Chinatown. From the moment you walk through the door, you can tell that they know what they're doing. They make you feel welcome right away too. They have all the newest phones and lots of great cases. I like that they display the Nevada sales tax in the price display as well so that you have a pretty good estimation of what you'll pay for the phone you want.I have to say that they really went above and beyond for me and they probably make every one of their customers feel like a VIP. In about 10 minutes, all my contacts and about 1000 pictures were transferred from my old iPhone to my new Galaxy. Additionally, they hooked me up with an awesome case and screen protector, which they applied on my phone like pros. Overall, I would highly recommend this store to anyone looking to get a new phone, upgrade, or just do any AT&T related business.
5	Possibly the best service from any telecommunications company I have ever received in the world...literally! You kind of know to expect long waits and bad service when dealing with Telcos but here they were fabulous. I was greeted with a smile as soon as I walked in the door and despite only wanting to buy the SGS4A handset outright and getting it unlocked they were happy to help. They don't brush you off for the next sale, they don't push you to upgrade or buy.. the listen and provide the service you should receive.They even transferred my contacts from my iPhone to my new phone for me. If you want efficient service with a smile, this is the store you want to go to!! Would definitely recommend this store to anyone wanting exceptional service from a business let alone a telco!
1	Slow, slow, slow. And not a useful corporate center. Waited 15 minutes in line to be told they couldn't help me. Overall AT&T is the most frustrating company to work with, I've never been so limited with regards to rights to things that I actually pay for.
5	The folks over the phone on the billing side were completely useless but Christina and Jessie at the store did everything they could to resolve the issue. I commend the both of them for their knowledge and professionalism.
1	Very bad service. The guy wouldn't even look at me when he was "helping" us. Will Never go there again. The only reason I was there because the Boca store was closed.
