4	During the work week I have to eat out for lunch quite a bit and I get tired of paying 10+ for lunch. I remembered hearing something about Boston Market having a $5 lunch special so I figured I would go check it out... Finally there is a place that has good, somewhat healthy and well priced lunches! Your choice of carver sandwich with soup/salad and a drink, they have soup and salad and I can't remember the others but it was a pretty nice selection. You pay more at McDonald's for a combo and this is way better! If you are out and about for lunch I would highly recommend going here. I'm sure most people have eaten here before so the food won't be a big surprise but the price is GREAT! This will definitely be a go to for me.
4	I haven't been to a Boston Market in ages. But went in there last month for a change of pace during a sorching hot day. I LOVE the Boston Market A/C at this location. I had the half chicken with the Sweet Potatoes and Tortilla soup and a soft drink for about $11. The food was phenomenal. The cashier even said the soup was bottomless, wow! The soup was great, one serving was enough for me. The chicken was cooked perfectly and delicious. And I always save the sweet potatoes with the creamy melted marshmellows for last as my pseudo dessert (hint - get the sweet potatoes for Thanksgiving).
3	Pretty decent for fast food.  I haven't been to one of these places in over 5 years.  They serve the typical thanksgiving type foods or comfort foods. It was late and right down the street from my house so I picked this over Taco Bell.    I had a slider meal.  It had 3 little sandwiches a side and a drink for 5 bucks.   I got two turkey and cheese and a meatloaf.  My side was spinach w/ gobs of cheese creamy unhealthiness.The standout of the evening was the sign next to the register on the glass case.  It was worth 5 + stars"We're happy to freshly toss your salad.  Just ask!"I laughed and sent the pic to my firneds.  The sign alone makes this place worth the visit
3	I usually get the 3 piece dark combo which is delicious. But I have to say those chicken drumsticks and thighs come from the skinniest chickens on the face of the earth. A couple of nibbles on the thigh and you're basically down to the bone. I think Boston Market needs to feed those skinny chicken models a little bit more. For the $9.67 they charge for that meal, which includes a drink; I think Boston Market can do better and I'll just have to go elsewhere for my chicken fix until things improve.
5	I have been to several Boston Market locations and this one is my favorite. The lobby is always clean and the staff is friendly. Prices can be a bit high on some items but worth the money if you want a good homestyle cooked meal without doing all the work.
3	Our family has a love/ hate affair with Boston Market.In the early years, Boston Market  was a hot property, as hot as Chipotle is now.  Back then, when it was know as Boston Chicken, the sight of those spinning chickens would make our mouths water.  Then the dot com era burst and people didn't want to go out for something they could buy at their local grocery store.  And then, due to over expansion, Boston Market went bankrupt.So now, if you are following along at home, this when McDonalds came in and bought the company and saved them.  I forget what state we were living in at the time, but it seemed that all the Boston Markets, but a few were closed over night.  Today, we have a more upscale restaurant.  Not quite a wait-service place, but close.  You order, like always up front and someone will come by and deliver your meal to your table.  Nice!  They even have fancy napkins and everything.  How about those green tinted Coca-Cola glasses, eh? LOLWhere our family has a disconnect, is the more upscale price and somewhat diminished quantity; hence value for our money.  They've also change several standard menu items like stuffing and cream spinach for what benefit I cannot understand.  In retail, you don't fix things that aren't broken! The food is still good.  The service is even better and the menu is still mostly (with the above noted exceptions) unchanged.  It's just times have changed.  Fry's and every other supermarket offer a fully roasted chicken for $6.00, and those guys at Chipotle are growing exponentially.  And one of these days, the public is going to figure out that El Pollo Loco is just as good.So, we don't come here as often as we would like.  It's just now, there are so many places in the crowded "I don't feel like cooking tonight dinner market."  Sorry!
1	There were bubbles of soap shining on the tops of my various side dishes so I couldn't even eat my lunch.
3	I loved the Tuscany seasoned chicken but they quit serving it at this location. The bathrooms sure could stand to be cleaned and no soap! Lovely
1	Worst staff ever!  As I was waiting in line to order, Colin was openly mocking women and making fun of another overweight customer in the presence of patrons!  Will never come back to this location and strongly suggest you take your business elsewhere!
2	Boo hiss your TV dinners are less salty than your food fresh from this restaurant. Used to love Boston Chicken but it's declined too much.
3	Great place to go for the nights I don't want to cook! They always seem to have fresh food out and ready to go around dinner time. Love the creamed spinach and the rotisserie chicken as well as the meatloaf. If you don't want to cook and want some comfort food, stop by this Boston Market. Clean too!
1	From the disgusting, discolored meat, to the old crusty lookin sides, this place could not be more disgusting! The manager Tracy clearly hates both her life and her job. When I was in there, no less than 3 people actually turned around and walked out because of the condition of the food in there.  This did not go unnoticed by a charming employee behind the counter who yelled "hey fuc* off" as they left. Apparently making edible food and having good customer service is too much of an interruption to the smoke breaks that they were all discussing when I walked in. Never go here!
3	Boston Market is always fast with good food. Let's face it, it's not fine dining but it hits the spot. The place could use some sprucing up, especially the bathroom. I was disappointed today when most days I leave with my hunger satisfied. The new potatoes tend to be undercooked most times and I had dark meat in my sandwich; bleh! To top it off, the bread was was crusty enough that it cut my lip and bled; what he heck! By no means a #1 pick, but it will do trick when you're tied of burger fast food and sandwich shops in the area.
1	I love Boston Market. The food is warm and it hits the spot when you want a good dinner. It's not fine food of course, but you know what, I'm a simple man. It's good.The reason for my one star review, was because of their service. I just got back from a trip, so I figured I'd take 5 minutes to write about it real quick while it's fresh in my head and I'm eating their food.I ordered online to take it out. It's a late night here at work, and this Boston Market is just down the street from the office, so I got me and the team some dinner. It said it would be ready at 7:18 pm when I was checking out my order online on the website, so about 20 minutes. Nothing too hard, 20 minutes is fine. Cool.When I arrive there, I tell them I'm picking up my order. Everyone up front and in the kitchen looked like they were in training. All in their young 20's, maybe late teens. All seemed to be struggling to organize the couple of orders they had. 3 people were there, counting me. 3-4 people were on the line making the dinner plates. The cashier printed out my receipt, makes a mistake, asks for my receipt back, and etc.Then he says, "Okay, we'll get this made for you right now."...Huh? So I ordered online for nothing or something?I waited about another 15-20 minutes. Order was finally ready. I take it back to the office five minutes away. I eat the first bite, the vegetables and meat were sort of cold. Like room temperature at best.I don't blame the kids up there working. They were doing their best, they weren't joking around, they just seem overwhelmed and learning. I blame the manager for putting them all up there. Horrible decision. Horrible service. And to end it all, when I got back and handed out dinner to everyone, I realized I forgot drinks. I admit, that was probably all my fault though. They said "You're good to go" when my order was finally ready, and I just took it and left. I paid for those drinks but you know what? I didn't care anymore. Too frustrated.
2	Made a stop here today for a early dinner. Chicken and bread was cold when I got it. The staff was nice enough to bring us some warm chicken to replace the pieces we had. This location is a bit run down and needs some work. I will not be going back to this location in the future.
