3	The neighborhood of Highland Park welcomes its newest addition to Restaurant Row on Bryant Street.
5	Teppanyaki Kyoto is a newcomer to the Highland Park area serving authentic Japanese cuisine. Right now, the restaurant is in their soft-opening phase, where they serve lunch and dinner by reservation only. I called ahead prior to walking in for lunch, and they didn't seem to mind.Entering, the space is a beautifully and minimally decorated space, with soft Japanese music playing in the background and familiar items of the culture throughout the space. There is a long bench with two-seat tables along it, and in the back it seems like low group tables. Along the side, though, is the centerpiece of the restaurant: the Teppanyaki. Teppanyaki, similar to Hibachi, is food cooked on a large steel griddle in front of the customer. The differences as far as the grills go aren't striking to me, but there are no theatrics in Teppanyaki cooking. Suffice to say, this is not another Hibachi restaurant. There are 8 seats up against the counter of this Teppanyaki and currently only one chef. I sat at the counter and was handed a two-page menu, and a small drink menu including Japanese beers and a small sake menu. Since it was a working lunch, I had to opt myself out of the other menu. The centerpiece of the menu, and what drew me here, is the Okonomiyaki: a  savory Japanese pancake with ingredients mixed throughout. You can pick ingredients or select a style named after one of four regions throughout Japan. Additonally, the batter has fish broth in it, so vegetarians call ahead and ask if they can make vegetarian batter.However, upon seeing yakisoba on the menu, my insatiable noodle hunger took over me. Luckily, I didn't have to opt out of trying these pancakes - they also server Hiroshimayaki, which includes noodles. This is made in a separate style, with the ingredients stacked instead of mixed. A thin layer of pancake is spread on the griddle, topped with a heaping mound of cabbage, scallions, and slices of beef. Eventually, it is flipped over and shrinks down as the cabbage cooks, while the chef cooks noodles and an egg off to the side. Finally, the pancake is put on top of the noodles, which is put on top of the egg, which is put in a plate and smothered in sriracha mayo and a thick, dark, sweet sauce and sprinkled with bonito flakes.It was impressive to watch him work while training another chef. The preparations seem simple, but a lot goes into them. The pancake itself was excellent.  Visually, the sauces are beautifully presented and the bonito flakes silently dance in the heat rising from the pancake. The flavors blended together perfectly, with the sweet sauce complimenting the slightly bitter cabbage, and the egg and noodles giving the dish substance while the beef provided a satisfying chew. I could barely finish the whole thing, but I was able to at the end. The bill for it with tax was $12, which was an expensive lunch, but they don't really have a lunch menu so it would be an OK dinner price. The menu is pretty much all in the $8-$14 price range with a few items(like a steak) getting closer to $20. The appetizers and salads are in the $4-8 range.It's always interesting to me to find out that very common food items in one corner of the globe are entirely absent elsewhere. Teppanyaki Kyoto tries to remedy this by introducing Pittsburgh to the Japanese cuisine beyond sushi and udon. I think they do an excellent job, and can't wait to return.
4	We went for my birthday luncheon.  The food was simply delicious.  We had a number of appetizers.  The portions are small.  One appetizer is really meant for one, (or two if you are intimate with someone.)  The seaweed salad was crunchy and yummy.  The bacon wrapped mochi cake was a bit of savory lusciousness.  I guess everything is better with bacon!  My friend K. got the miso which was homemade, fresh and cleansing.  The pork dish I got as an entree was less memorable than the appetizers, but the vegetable entree that my friend R. ordered looked so great and healthy, I couldn't help but steal a few bites.  Wonderful!I had only 2 caveats.  First, the waitress would not let us sit at a table, only at the front counter.  It was lovely to talk to our chefs, but difficult to talk to one another.  I think it was just a cultural misunderstanding.  I am sure the best seats are at the counter in Japan.  The other caveat, it is not a cheap, however, for real Japanese faire, with fresh ingredients, tastefully made, it's worth a little extra.  For a lunch that is flavorful, memorable and you can walk away from feeling healthier than when you got there, you cannot go wrong frequenting this little gem.
5	- The restaurant is very authentic and beautifully decorated. - The okonomyaki is excellent and a big portion. Price is reasonable.- The other appetizer we had was very delicious (an egg dish).
4	I went here a few weeks back with several friends.  One is Japanese and her family owns a restaurant in Japan.  Needless to say, she knows authentic Japanese cuisine so this visit was as much for her to see if this was truly authentic as it was for me to try my first Japanese pancake.  Overall, it was a solid experience,First, the space seems very traditional and you could tell that the owners focused on the details and put a lot of effort into the design.  You first enter a reception area, then turn right to see the hibachi kitchen with a bar in front on the right and some table and chairs on the left.  As you proceed past this area, you walk up a step to an area in the back of the restaurant that has traditional Japanese seating, i.e. large tables in separate rooms with floor seating.  Overall, the decor and layout is very appealing.But we didnt come for the decor, we came for the food.  When we first sat down, I glanced to our neighbors plates and everything looked absolutely delicious which gave me a good feeling.  And the smell was overwhelming.  There is no other way to describe it other than fresh.  Regardless of what was on the grille, it just smelled like fresh vegetables.  This too gave me a good feeling.  My wife and I started off with an appetizer and I cant remember what it was but I do remember that it was awesome. Then for our entrees, we ordered the Japanese pancakes (yaki).  They come in two styles - OkonomiYaki which is basically an open faced pancake and HiroshimaYaki which is like a sandwich.  We got one of each - OkonomiYaki in Hokaiddo style which is scallops, shrimp and some other fish and HiroshimaYaki which we got in beef.  They were both delicious.  I have never had anything like this before and it was better than I could have expected.  We followed that up with Onogiri which is a rice ball that is toasted on each side which you then wrap in nori (seaweed) and eat.  It wasn't bad but it was just toasted rice.  I will probably pass on that next time.  Then we finished with mochi for dessert.  We split mango and green tea.  Both were delicious.After dinner the chef came out to our table and we learned that he is Korean but studied in Japan for several years.  He was very nice and I would defintely recommend to try his restaurant.  Pittsburgh has a fairly diverse selection of eateries but this kind of place was lacking.  Teppanyaki Kyoto is a welcome addtion to the scene.
5	This restraunt's Okonomiyaki and Hiroshimayaki are almost the same as there are in Japan ( more than I expected). In addition, not only Japanese beer but plum wine is good. I will go back there soon.
4	Loved it. The restaurant is small, minimally but tastefully decorated, and it's the closest restaurant to authentic Japanese food in Pittsburgh.
4	I went to Teppanyaki Kyoto this week. It was a weeknight and was very quiet when we arrived-- it was about 6 PM, and we were the only people there! However, as we ate, a few more people stopped in.The only Japanese food I'd had before was the typical, probably American-ized stuff, like teriyaki or sushi. So I was  excited to try this! We ordered a couple of appetizers--  calamari with salsa the bacon-wrapped mochi. Both were excellent. The salsa that came with the calamari was especially great!For dinner, I ordered the "Japanese Pancake"... I can't remember what it was called or how to spell it! For the uninitiated (like me), they look a big pile of cabbage, mixed with some batter and your meat of choice, fried it up (in a pancake shape, sort of) and topped it with all kinds of sweet and spicy sauces. Delicious! The only drawback was that I ordered it with pork, not knowing that it was actually pork belly. This could be ignorance on my part (because I know very little about this kind of food!) or something lost in translation on the menu, but I ended up picking around the pork belly, since it was just too fatty for my taste.Like many other reviewers, they seated us at the counter. It seems like the tables were for those who had made reservations. However, I really liked being at the counter-- I enjoyed watching them cook the food, and I liked seeing what other people ordered... It gave me some ideas for next time. :) We got to talk to the chef too, who was really friendly. Overall, the service was quick and friendly, the decor was pretty cool, and the food was great! (with the exception of my mistake about the pork) I will definitely be back, but maybe order something with shrimp next time!
5	The owner of this small Japanese restaurant in Highland Park aims to recreate a Japanese experience in Pittsburgh, specializing in okonomi-yaki and Hiroshima-yaki. Based on my many trips to japan, I would say, in my opinion, that he has succeeded. While I watched my Hiroshima-yaki being cooked in front of me, the cooking smells began to transport me back to Kyoto. After my first bite, the trip was complete. The food is authentic and delicious, the atmosphere is decidedly Japanese, and the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. I will definitely be returning here.
4	I normally think of Japanese food as being very light.  I can eat sushi all day without feeling weighted down.  When you first step in and see chefs dicing cucumbers to lightly stirfry you assume you're in for the same experience, but after my dish I felt like I had eaten a bowling ball.  (I normally have a pretty cast iron stomach, so take heed)This was my first teppanyaki experience, so I can't compare it to other places, but while the food was tasty it was absolutely SOAKED in mayonnaise, it felt like a mayonnaise casserole.  Me and my family all got different styles of their signature teppanyaki dishes but they are wall the same mayo bathes.Despite that, I'm still going to give them 4 stars, because I believe my problem is actually with teppanyaki, not a criticism of their preparation of it.  (No one could justifiable criticize a restaurants fried chicken for being a bit heavy)  The appetizers  (especially the bacon wrapped mochi) were all delicious and much lighter, so when I go back I'm going to stick to those instead!
3	Having never had Okonomiyaki, savory Japanese pancakes, I wasn't really sure what to expect with Teppanyaki Kyoto. Um...whoa. Even the pics here on Yelp don't do the insanity of these pancakes justice. I got the Hiroshimayaki and it was a very thin layer of pancake covered in heaps of cabbage, yaki soba, egg, beef strips, and finished with a ridiculous amount of sauce (spicy mayo and brown sauce) and bonito flakes. It actually freaked me out a little when it arrived--it was HUGE and the flakes of fish were swaying in a creepy fashion from the steam coming off the plate. It looked like it was ALIVE. Me: "Why is it moving?" My friend: "Yeah, I'm just trying to ignore that."Okay, so I'm not sure Okonomiyaki is my thing. I am one of those people that like their foods not to touch each other on the plate and have a phobia of casseroles, etc. Okonomiyaki was a little too much of a mess of flavors for me. I kind of scraped off the sauce/bonito because it was the most intense flavor on there, and proceeded to eat the rest of the layers separately. Each component was good, especially the beef. I could see why people would like this crazy bastard pancake.Since the Hiroshimayaki takes an estimated 25 minutes to prepare, we did get appetizers. The calamari was really good, but I really didn't like the salsa that came with it (yes, salsa, like the Mexican stuff). The shrimp and avocado had a sweet sauce on it that I liked a lot.It's cool that Teppanyaki Kyoto is trying to do authentic Japanese without bringing sushi into the mix and I think they are doing it very well. However, I can't help but wish that their menu was a little longer. It is very short compared to most other restaurants focused on a specific ethnic food. The majority of it is made up of Okonomiyaki variations, so if you're not a big fan of the pancake, you don't have too many other choices. But if you do like them...then awesome, totally recommended! For me, just "A-OK."Update: I've heard that they have expanded their menu beyond just Okonomiyaki, so hoping I can come back to try other dishes soon!
5	Yum
5	I was in Japan for two months almost 9 years ago and haven't had Okonomiyaki since leaving. Their version was everything I remember loving and more! They didn't try to make it fancy. They didn't try to make it "fusion". They didn't dumb it down. Don't be scared by the mayo. This is okonomiyaki done right. Also had a shrimp & avocado appetizer, which was incredible. The shrimp were done perfectly, juicy inside with a slight bite to the skin, and I had no idea that avocado could taste so good.
5	i was in the japan in october and can say this is the best japanese food in pittsburgh. the pork is spot on!
5	I have never written a review before, but just for this restaurant, I will.For my graduation dinner, I wanted my family to eat something special. Something they wouldn't be able to get living in the Bay Area (which is notoriously good for all kinds of Asian food), and also, not so busy of a place that I wouldn't be able to quietly savor the presence of my family. I'm glad Teppanyaki Kyoto is a new restaurant, because if everyone else knew how good it was, I doubt I'd have been able to get that nice quiet atmosphere!The restaurant is very clean, and the design reminds me the time when I went to Japan, and stayed at a small bed and breakfast. The plating is very aesthetically pleasing, and typical of the Japanese "minimalistic" feel. I knew I was getting good Japanese food when all the people sitting around me were speaking Japanese.The food was delicious. I have made Okonomiyaki before, and it did not taste as good as the ones here (not that that is surprising). They taste authentically Japanese ,with the kewpie mayo, okonomiyaki sauce, the seaweed, and fish flakes. I also had the sauteed scallops, which was very good. The bacon wrapped mochi was very hard to share, and very bacon-like (so if you like bacon, this is for you!) since it is very stretchy and chewy like the texture of mochi is. The appetizers, as other reviewers have said, are very small; one person could easily finish them. But when you come here, you expect the authentic Japanese experience, and you pay for quality, not quantity. I also did not leave this place hungry, since okonomiyaki, which starts at 9 to 10 dollars, is like the size of a small pizza at Uno's (but of course, much better tasting).I talked to the chef, and apparently he's Korean, lived in Taiwan (so he could speak with my parents in Mandarin which was very cool!), but he wanted to learn Japanese cooking so much, that he went to Japan, begged the owner of the restaurant he loved there to let him train in the kitchen without pay, and learned how to cook authentic Japanese food. If you talk to him, which I'm sure he'd be happy to, he'd tell you his story. It sounds like one of those "I worked hard and achieved my dream" kind of stories that make you feel warm and fuzzy inside.You can tell from talking with him that he cares about the highest standard in everything he does, whether it is preparing the food, choosing the tableware (he took a trip to NY to find the best tableware), the architecture, or how to treat his customers. His shop is clean, and he doesn't hire someone else to cook in his place but instead trains just one person to cook exactly to the same standard he does. He even stops and talks with people too.Overall, it is a great place to eat. If it was closer to where I lived, and if I wasn't a poor college student, I would be a regular here, and bring all my friends and family here. I know the owner would treat him or her just as well as he treated me and my family, and the food will be fresh and tasty.
4	I'm not very adventurous so I chose not to try the okonomiyaki. I had the chicken meatballs as an appetizer and spicy Japanese udon noodles. Both were amazing! The three other people in my party did try the okonomiyaki and really enjoyed it. I tasted theirs and it did taste really good. This place is extremely authentic and everything we had was delicious. I also had the strawberry mousse for dessert, which was very good. My friend also tried the Japanese bacon mochi appetizer and green team mochi for dessert. I highly recommend you give it a try. We need more authentic local restaurants in Pittsburgh.
5	Great service.  Greeting at the door that is almost like in Japan--I love this place.Okonomiyaki is awesome.  Takeyaki great, too.  Add it to the list.
4	I ate here a few Thursdays ago for dinner with my girlfriend.  We had actually tried to go here the Thursday before with a friend but were turned away since the whole restaurant was reserved for a rehearsal dinner.  After entering the restaurant we were asked if we would like to sit at a table or the bar and choose the table while in hindsight I wish that we had chosen the bar.  The reason that I say this is that you could watch the food being made if you sit at the bar while we did not have as good of a view from our seats.  As a whole the restaurant looked nice and clean place and had some good Japanese music playing in the background.My girlfriend and I decided to start off dinner with the octopus ball appetizer.  It was surprisingly good with the outside of the ball being crunchy while the inside was creamy and contained a surprisingly large piece of octopus.  For our entrees I decided to get order one of their specialties, the Hokkaido Okonomiyaki while my girlfriend had a noodle dish.  On the menu there is a note that the Okonomiyaki take 25 minutes to cook which was not a problem for us.  My entree consisted of a Japanese wheat pancake covered in Japanese mayonnaise, seaweed powder and bonito flakes and stuffed underneath with a bunch of different seafood and cabbage.  Overall I enjoyed the taste of it as it was something that I had never had before.  It looked nice visually with the orange mayonnaise and had a bunch of different textures from the crispy cabbage to the soft pancake and thin bonito flakes.  Even though I did not do it myself I would recommend that you scrape some of the mayo off of the top as there does seem to be quite a bit of it.  My girlfriends dish also had a nice taste to it and I enjoyed it as well.The bottom line for me is that I would head back here in the future.  The restaurant itself has a nice feel to it, the staff was incredibly pleasant and I really enjoyed getting some good food that I am not sure you can get elsewhere in the city.  It was also much cheaper than expected which both my girlfriend and myself were happy about.
1	When we visit a restaurant, the service and attitude of the staff should be a major part of the restaurant experience.  Even if the food is good, it alone cannot rate the restaurant as good one.I read reviews of this place and wanted to give a try.  Drove 100 miles to check out the fuss about.  I am a native Japanese and know what the Okonomiyaki is although I am not an Okomoniyaki connoisseur.  I ordered 2 appetizers and 1 entree (Tokyo style Okonomiyaki).  The food was good but not notable.  One of the appetizers was served very late; while the entree was already served.  The timing was terrible and I did not want to eat the delayed appetizer so I asked for to-go.  Here are some notes.  I sat at the counter table, right in front of the teppan plate.  This is where you can see the cooking performance and some interactions with a chef, otherwise, why do they setup a counter table?  When I arrived, there were 2 guests at the counter table and they left shortly after my arrival.  I was the only one who sat the counter and I expected a few words to converse with the owner chef... I was wrong.  His unfriendliness and rude attitude completely ignored my presence.  No greeting, no smile, no comments, no inquiries how the food was.  Seriously.  It was on Sunday night, around 8:30PM.  Do I need to worry about the closing time?  I should not have to bu I got an impression from the chef that he just wanted to get the hell out of there and close.  Instead of asking how the food was, he turned himself around and started using his laptop computer, sitting just behind the kitchen.  Really?  Is it that bad to pay some attentions to what you cooked and served?  Overall, my visit to this restaurant turned out one of the worst experiences.  I could cook Okonomiyaki mix at home instead of driving a long distance.  My expectation was very high but my disappointment was greater.  I would not repeat.  This was my first and the last visit.
5	Very authentic okonomiyaki in a relaxed setting.  By far the best I've had outside of Japan.  The service was excellent and the whole experience felt like I'd been transported back to my days in Japan.  The seats at the counter offer a great view of the action in the kitchen.The food itself was fantastic.  Authentic, filling and not at all expensive.  I highly recommend the octopus balls (they're better than they sound!), the miso soup, edamame and any one of their okonomiyakis.Kevin, the chef/owner, spent some time chatting with us after our meal.  He has a great story - see if you can get him to tell it to you.I wish they would do a ramen night... Everything there is delightfully authentic and delicious!
4	Really enjoyed my lunch at Teppenyaki Kyoto. The Yaki-udon with Pork was delicious, the seaweed salad perfectly dressed. I had a very nice conversation with the owner as I sat at the teppenyaki bar. I can't wait to bring the rest of the family.
2	We were excited to come upon this nook of restaurants on Bryant St including a Japanese place with extra good reviews.  The atmosphere is modern, clean, and good for a date.  We opted for the counter b/c it's always fun to watch people cook.  To the left, to the right, everyone eating OKONOMIYAKI--definitely the special of the house.  We ordered the noodle version and it was very tasty, it was as good as it looked and smelled.  We ordered a small plate of SCALLOPS that were not bad for only $6, but nothing special.  The FLOUNDER special was a huge disappointment and I think the chefs overlooking us could see it on our faces.  It was a soggy mess that came to us in foil covered under equally soggy vegetables.  We could definitely taste it was a frozen fillet and it tasted like a failed recipe I made a while ago in my own kitchen.    Service was good and very attentive.  Overall I would only stop by here for the okonomiyaki, I would probably not try my luck again with anything else on the menu.
5	This is my first yelp review in Pittsburgh since I've been living in this town for over a year, and there's a reason this place inspired me to. As a San Francisco Bay Area native where there's never a shortage of foodie places, I've been quite critical on Pittsburgh. However! There are a definitely a bunch of stand outs (and my list is growing!) and this is one of them. The okonomiyaki was AMAZING. Other okonomiyakis that have graced my tummy in SF Japantown pale in comparison to this one- true story. I sat at the counter and couldn't help but respect the craft that they commanded to create this stuff. The bacon wrapped mochi was just as yummy...they slow seared the mochi on all sides, and then did it all over again after they wrapped it in bacon.  I love bacon though so I might be biased on this one.I went on a Wednesday night with my roomie and everyone was so friendly and attentive. I would definitely recommend this place and will be coming back and plan on telling all my friends about it and dragging all my out of town visitors here. Thanks for the yummy food!
5	This place is SO good, best Japaneese in Pittsburgh.Go in and get a smattering of appitizers, the octopus balls are fantastic and the gyoza is mandatory.Then to the pancake, as everyone is mentioning, they dance, they're delicious, etc.  I strongly recommend the one with the noodles.And sit at the counter if you can, it's worth watching how they make the stuff up.
5	I am so excited that Pittsburgh has a Japanese comfort food restaurant. My husband and I went for the second time last night, and on either side of us were full blown Japanese conversations. So many Asians! So, you know this is legit.We've tried a number of the small plates and the okonomiyaki. Everything is good. Don't come here looking for sushi - they don't have it. But the pancakes... oh, cabbagey goodness. They are difficult to describe... not exactly pancakes (because they are savory) and not pizza either, because the ingredients are cooked into the pancake itself. Perhaps consider adding a new term to your vocab: okonomiyaki!Definitely sit at the counter if you can.
4	We've eaten here three times in the past two months, and loved it. This restaurant focuses on things cooked on the teppan, or Japanese griddle we are so familiar with. The chefs have no problem whatsoever in making all sorts of delicious foods with the two teppan units they have. I certainly recommend sitting at the teppan bar to order your food and enjoy watching the chefs preparing all of the dishes for their customers - you will likely be inspired to order something you hadn't considered before... This place specializes in okonomiyaki, and its derivatives (yakisoba, hokkaidoyaki, etc...), but also has a really nice rotating menu available. Expect a decent amount of Japanese mayo on these dishes... because that is the traditional way they are served in Japan! We've never made it to their "big dishes" because it's too much fun ordering lots of small ones, like in a traditional izakaya.They have a nice assortment of Japanese beers and sake. I wish they had japanese beer on tap, the so-called "namachu" that I really enjoyed in the countless izakaya I visited.It wasn't completely perfect, though. Service, while provided politely and with a nice smile, tends to lag, especially if you are seated in their "special seating" in the back - it can take them a while to replenish drinks, etc because of the amount of privacy these areas provide. I personally think it's because this place is very busy and because they don't have that many wait staff, something that will likely improve with time. Certainly, the food and politeness of the staff make this something that is a secondary detail, rather than an insurmountable problem (at least for us...) - hence only 4 stars at this time.Overall, I believe the restaurant will easily work out its growing pains and kinks, and hope that it continues to thrive and serve up its own interpretation of these Japanese classics!PROS:Great menu with many of choices at various price points - makes it easy to fit a tight budget or splurge...Excellent beverage list - where many Japanese restaurants are BYOB, this provides a nice traditional mix of Japanese beverages (it's sometimes difficult to find Sapporo near us, so I like to be able to order it, nice and cold!)I loved hearing "Irasshaimasen" yelled at me when I entered - very authentic overall feel to the place!CONS:Spotty service from wait staff at timesCould benefit from more seating areas - perhaps the floor layout could be improved to accommodate more customers. The restaurant does not appear to use the space as efficiently as it might.
4	Very good.  Food was fresh and expertly prepared.
4	How excited was I last year to see a poster up in an empty storefront on Bryant St advertising Okonomiyaki? I've eaten lots of Japanese food on both coasts and absolutely love it, so of course I like Teppanyaki Kyoto. The space is beautiful and it's a fun restaurant to go to on both weeknights and weekends. Let's face it, it's an ambitious restaurant to open in PGH, as much of the menu would be unfamiliar to the less traveled or expats, but the food itself is pure comfort style.All the varieties of okonomiyaki pancakes are great, as are the rotating seasonal dishes. It's a very fun place to go with friends. Recently I've enjoyed the shoyu ramen with chasu (pork belly slice)and marinated egg along with the small plate of marinated grilled sardines. My friends and I have decided that the tsukune (chicken meatball skewers) are one of the better tasting things we've ever eaten in Pittsburgh. They have several sakes and many, many small plates and appetizers, so it's fun to try new dishes. The staff is courteous and knowledgable, both greeting you in Japanese as you enter and thanking you as you depart.I'm constantly baffled by the comments of "don't go there for sushi, they don't have it". Yeah...Japanese cuisine is more than just sushi 3 times a day. Try out Teppanyaki Kyoto, eat some new stuff.
5	I thought the food was good.  I tried their roasted duck, gyoza, bacon wrapped mochi, their two styles of the japanese pancakes.I didn't really care for the bacon-wrapped mochi.  The mochi was too chewing.  Everything else was good.  I don't know the two names of the Japanese pancakes but they were made of cabbage and different toppings.  It had the weird waving/moving topping.  I like the one that had the noodles in it. One of the Yelp photos listed it as okunomiyaki.  A little weird but worth a try.We sat at the floor table.  Good experience.  The waiter might have been new.  He didn't seem to know much or could recommend stuff.  But overall, I would try this place again for special occasions.  I don't feel it is a place that you can eat everyday.
3	One of the better Japanese restaurants in Pittsburgh, I would rank Teppanyaki Kyoto on par with Fukuda and above Chaya. The prices are comparable to other Japanese restaurants in the city as well--that is to say don't expect to find any bargains here.The stand out dish of my evening was the bacon-wrapped mochi--the crispy bacon combined with soft mochi are great contrasts. The flounder cooked in a miso sauce does not go well with its oddly paired side of ponzu sauce. The takoyaki was good. I would not recommend the onigiri, nor the yaki onigiri.The atmosphere is hip, urban, makes me feel like I am in NY.
5	Try the Okonomiyaki!  I had the vegetarian option - very tasty, not too heavy.  The gyoza and calimari appetizers were also excellent.If taking kids to this restaurant, order the Okonomiyaki - you will not regret it.Hint: it moves.
5	Love the Japanese Pancake!
5	Finally a true okonomiyaki joint. Not only that, one that serves the elusive Hiroshima-style okonomiyaki (aka hiroshimayaki)! This is the only place I've found stateside that serves this. Not the premade frozen crap you find at izakayas. The real deal. Made in front of you on a teppanyaki grill, throwing ingredients down with their bare hands and cooking it up with two spatulas, just as if you were in Japan.As someone who makes hiroshimayaki at home at least twice a week, I'm not going to lie, I had my doubts about a place like this--especially being in Pittsburgh, which really isn't known for its culinary diversity. Expectations were high, and I watched closely as they assembled our hiroshimayakis, ready to pounce on any mistakes they were doomed to make. "Not enough noodles," I whispered to my girlfriend. "It's not supposed to be topped with bonito flakes," I pretentiously mumbled.But it was futile. Despite any (insignificant) complaints I had, I was destined to love this place. TK has introduced some traditional comfort food to a region whose knowledge of Japanese cuisine likely consists of cali rolls, onion volcanos, and Sakkio Japan. The food could have been terrible, yet the movement alone would've won me over. Luckily, the food was great, and I'll probably adjust my hiroshimayaki recipe to theirs. Not only that, their shoyu ramen was delicious, as was their house salad with sesame-soy dressing. I already straight up told my girlfriend we are eating here whenever we go to Pittsburgh. Hell, I'm gonna make up reasons to go to Pittsburgh just so I can come back. 4 stars bumped up to 5, because no one else is doing what they're doing.P.S. I hate the term Japanese pancake or pizza. It's misleading. It's not even close to what it actually is, so if you've never had okonimiyaki before, DON'T think pancake or pizza.
3	I think this restaurant is over-estimated. Not bad but not so good, either. I visited Japan several times and love Japanese foods. Especially, I love Japanese noodles. Hence, I think I am familiar with authentic Japanese noodles. I had Yaki-soba and Miso Ramen, there. Yaki-soba was too salty and the ramen has strong pork smell. However, okonomiyaki was not bad. It's bit salty too, but well within my tolerance level. This restaurant has good atmosphere but foods were not great, compared with the atmosphere. If you're a noodle lover, it would be better to try other restaurants.
2	I went here with a friend for lunch. We were very excited to find that there is a okonomiyaki place in Pittsburgh. Unfortunately, our experiment failed. Big time.I will tell any one that this place is not authentic AT ALL if you are expecting so. I could just sense that the atmosphere is nothing like Japanese--not even close-- the moment I stepped into the restaurant. Food was pretty bad. Not horrible that I couldn't eat but bad that I would rather go to a different place.We've had takoyaki and okonomiyaki. Takoyaki was crap. Okonomiyaki tasted like somewhat raw egg (bad), raw flour (bad), and cabbage. They did not blend in my mouth.I'm giving 2 stars because the service was quite alright.
3	I thought Salt was in the East End?!Spending a lot of time Korea the wife and I definitely like Japanese comfort food.  There is no shortage of trendy Japanese places in Seoul and to mix t up we tried a bunch while living there.  Teppanyaki has to be my favorite type of Japanese fare with the exception of maybe Yakitori.  Ok, now that I've established some prior knowledge I'll review the restaurant.The place is small and gets pretty noisy, we had a group of 9 including 5 kindergarten age children sitting next to us.  I swear this did not negatively sway my review, but I must say we did not enjoy sitting next to them.  The decor didn't really remind me of Japan and is very minimalistic.  We didn't get any alcohol sadly since the wife is pregnant (yeah considering that prior sentence funny huh).  I got the Oolong iced tea, and was a little miffed that there weren't free refills.  Another miff was that how our food was brought out.  We ordered 2 appetizers, ramen, and okonomiyaki.  The ramen came out first, then one appetizer, then the okonomiyaki, then the other appetizer?!  Very strange and annoying.Now the food.Miso Ramen with pork - The noodles were good, but not the best I've had, chewy though, so good enough.  The ramen comes with fish cake, scallions, bamboo shoots, and pork.  The pork was really good, the bamboo shoots were very chewy and seemed canned and old.  And now the broth, the most important part of ramen.  It was really salty and didn't have much flavor other than salt.  Sad really, because ramen can be SO incredibly good.Butaniku no shogayaki - Grilled pork with ginger sauce and onions - This was decent, again too much salt, but good.  The pork was lean and no dry.  The onions were sweet and the sauce was full of flavor.  I finished it, but needed a lot of tea and water to do so.Bacon wrapped mochi - This was the show stealer.  I'd go back just to order this.  You get two nice sized chewy rice cakes wrapped in bacon drizzled with soy sauce reduction and sprinkled with nori.  Very good dish, could have just used a little less .....SALT!Okonomiyaki - The Japanese pancake that you kind of have to get if going to a Teppanyaki place.  We got ours with pork, PORK OVERLOAD!!!  It was good, I guess...not sure what else to say other than it was decent minus the salt yet again.  The Bento flakes didn't taste fishy at all which was also disappointing. I don't think my blood pressure could handle another visit anytime soon, so I think I will just buy Korean rice cakes and make the only dish I really enjoyed myself.
4	Very friendly chef and decent Japanese food ... Even better than some places in Japan when I was there! The wait is long but it's definitely worth it! Location is in the quiet neighborhood so the parking was quite easy. Strongly recommend it!
5	I love this place! The chefs are Taiwanese but have trained in Japan. Very friendly. Liked mostly everything I've ordered there so far.Shrimp and Avocado - My favorite thing there. They grill the shrimp and avocado and flavor it with Wasabi Soy sauce.Takoyaki - A little small but tastes like what a takoyaki is supposed to taste like.Okonomyaki Kyoto Mix (Corn, Mochi, Tofu) - made with lots of cabbage with some people may not like but I really like itJapanese Curry with Chicken Cutlet - delicious curry with crispy chickenYaki Soba - This was okay. A little bit bitter for some reason.Kamo Rosu - Pan-roasted Duck BreastJapanese Cheesecake -  not a big fan of cheesecake in general but this was really light. Had texture more like cake than cheesecake.
5	Having visited Japan several times, I can say the food at Teppanyaki Kyoto is definitely authentic.  The okonomiyaki (a Japanese-style omelet) was excellent, and easily serves two.  There were several great tapas style dishes too including agedashi tofu (deep-fried tofu in a savory sauce), chicken kara age (tender, fried chicken) and takoyaki (a round dumpling with octopus).  Overall, all of our dishes were great.  Service was incredibly pleasant and attentive!
5	So far my favorite Japanese restaurant in Pitts.
5	How on EARTH had I never been to or even heard of this place! We recently visited based on the recommendation of a friend who had lived in Japan for awhile. She loved it, so we figured we would give it a shot. Service was very friendly and accommodating. Our small party had a vegetarian and they were more than happy to accommodate her with a Udon dish with vegetables and tofu. If you are a vegetarian, make sure to ask what they recommend as there are options that are not listed on the menu!Wine selection was acceptable, good quality wines and a good price point. Not a ton of a selection, but you don't really need it. I believe there were 3-4 different Sakes available as well as a few types of beer. What more do you really need?For appetizers we ordered the Gyoza, the calamari, the chicken meatballs, the scallops, and the potato cakes with vegetables. The potato cakes were a seasonal special and were fantastic. The sauce that was served with them was a perfect accompaniment! I would highly recommend them! The gyoza was also fantastic and our friend really enjoyed her scallops. I did not try the calamari but I heard it was wonderful as well. And I adored the chicken meatballs. They knocked it out of the park with the appetizers for sure. For our meals, we were unsure about the hiroshimayaki, but don't be! It was AMAZING. My husband ordered his with beef and I am telling you I about climbed the table to eat nearly half of his meal. Wonderful stuff and so different.I had previously tried okonomiyaki from the food truck Fukuda and found it to be cloyingly rich. I just did not enjoy it, not even a little bit. But Teppanyaki Kyoto's hiroshimayaki is what Fukuda's okonomiyaki dreams of becoming one day. Perfectly balanced, and delicious. Yes the two dishes are inherently different, as the okonomiyaki doesn't have the egg or the noodles, but the flavors are essentially the same and Teppanyaki Kyoto knows better than to over power the flavors with too much mayonnaise.One of our friends also tried the green tea cheesecake and said it was also wonderful. All in all, a fantastic evening out with wonderful service and food. I would love to return!They also had a very nice selection of lunch specials! This is not a heavily trafficked area of Highland Park, but my Pittsburgh Zoo friends should definitely give this place a try!
2	I went here twice during this past winter. It took me two times to figure out my feelings on this place. I studied in Japan for a year. While I was there, I prized myself as a bit of a foodie. One of my favorites was okonomiyaki, in particular Hiroshimayaki. Between the two times I went to Teppanyaki Kyoto, I got the Hiroshimayaki and a mixture of their appetizers:  takoyaki, crochets, those rice cakes with bacon and gyoza. The appetizers were fine, but the crochets were frozen and not made from scratch. It seems a bit funny to be paying do much for frozen food ... Hiroshimayaki is a Hiroshima's take on okonomiyaki. Rather than mixing the ingredients during preparation, the ingredients are layered with soba or udon noodles and then steamed instead of fried. Ideally, Hiroshimayaki is much lighter in taste than its Osaka cousin. Here the Hiroshimayaki was so heavy it made my stomach ache, and the pork was a little too gristly for my tastes. Overall, it wasn't a bad experience, I just don't think I will go again.
5	I was so happy when this little place opened up in my neighborhood.  The vegetarian selection is kind of slim but totally tasty.  I never feel weighed down by the food in fact I find this food to be very healing.  The atmosphere is great and I love everything they put on my plate.
4	I am going to go ahead and give this place a full four stars, even though I don't like those japanese pancakes that this place is known for. These stars go for the takoyaki, which was as good as the dish in japan and is exceedingly rare on American Japanese menus. The stars also go for the silken Tofu, which was also as good as restaurants in Japan. This place is as authentic as it gets outside of Japan and serves traditional homestyle food. There is no americanization and we even sat on the floor with our shoes off. As it should be. As it should be.
3	The decoration in the restaurant felt incredibly novel, I don't think there's another restaurant that put enough effort in keeping a Japanese theme. We made a reservation, which we found out we really didn't need to since it wasn't very busy on a Sunday night. We ordered gyoza, takoyaki, miso ramen, beef okonomiyaki, squid hiroshimayaki, and unagi donburi. We were incredibly happy with the appetizers and were getting our appetites ready for some more scrumptious Japanese food.We were a little disappointed at the entrees. The pancakes weren't what we were expecting, the pancake didn't leave you wanting more. There are huge portions where a pancake could easily feed two people, but four of us couldn't finish the beef pancake. The pancake was interesting but there were too much cabbage and the beef seemed to be pureed instead of being cut into strips or pieces. I don't regret going and I'll probably go again but not for the pancakes...
5	Teppanyaki Kyoto is the best Japanese comfort food in the city. My husband and I had just come back from our honeymoon to Japan and were jonesing for some takoyaki and this might be the only place in the city to get some. We decided to take my parents with us this time and they loved it. We did keep comparing it to what we had had two months prior in Japan and it comes pretty darn close! EVeryone throughly enjoyed their meal and you will to! I suggest the takoyaki and Okonomiyaki. YUM.
3	Came here on a whim earlier this month.Bacon wrapped mochi was good, not great. There was a glaze (tasted alcoholic) that I thought was a little too strong. My boyfriend was not a fan of the mochi at all - he thought it was too chewy.Yakisoba noodles w/ chicken were okay.Okonomiyaki (we got it w/ beef and noodles) was yummy but very, very salty.Not sure if I would come back, I think it will depend on their seasonal menus.
5	After multiple visits to Teppanyaki, I am impressed with their careful, clean preparation of wholesome food. My favorite dishes are the special okonomiyaki pancakes, featuring softened cabbage, spicy mayo, and amazing barbeque sauce, and the bacon-wrapped mochi (though I would not label this "wholesome", it is a delightfully chewy rice pillow wrapped in bacon with a rich, sweet, salty glaze). Many of their seasonal specials have been equally delicious, and this place is a haven for vegetarians. Excellent.
5	I LOVED this place! It was my first experience with authentic Japanese cuisine, and I was blown away. How I had never heard of this place is a mystery since I live just blocks away. I had the tofu and mushroom stake and a plate of ramen noodles. The flavor was so light and savory and the texture of the tofu was so smooth. It was like butta! Do not be fooled! These ramen noodles are not the noodles of your college years, but their grown up sophisticated (and super tasty) cousin. Prices where very reasonable and the atmosphere very welcoming. My party of four had no idea how to navigate a Japanese menu, but our server was patient and happy to answer our newbie questions. I will certainly go back!!
2	I'm really torn, because I'd like a business like this to exist on Bryant and do well, but aside from the atmosphere and friendly service, I'm not really sure what the fascination is. Maybe if the pricing was lower... (maybe I'd find one or two staples that tasted OK) everything comes out of a pre-packaged frozen bag and cooked straight from frozen state. It doesn't seem like there's much authentic about it, maybe this is how it's done in other restaurants, but don't do it right in front of me. I feel like even if we couldn't see how they make the food, we would still think something was weird, and just not understand why everything tastes weird. Noodles - again out of little pre-packaged bags - very gummy. Come on... noodles! How to you mess up noodles?Calamari - I think... I really think... pig (you know). It just tasted really weird - very tough and extremely chewy... We had a hard time finishing any of our food. Salt. Salt, salt.
5	Awesome place!! Great food, reasonable price,friendly staffs!! Strongly recommended!!
5	Again, I've become a willing victim to a restaurant on Bryant Street (walking distance from my house) :/I had a bad day and my friend was gracious enough to help me wallow in misery.  Well when we stumbled on this place, my frown turned upside down!  It was rather late when we got there and I realized it was Teppanyaki Kyoto- a place I've wanted to try since hearing about their Okonomiyaki.  Sadly, we didn't have time for the 25 minute wait for the epic dish.  Since I'll DEFINITELY be back- no worries.  When I saw the group of Japanese business men laughing and enjoying their meals, I knew we were in the right place.My dining partner had just started a cleanse, so he was only able to have a salad, a chicken breast and vegetables, but the restaurant graciously accommodated.  I thoroughly enjoyed my Yaki-Soba- everything was seasoned to PERFECTION and way cheaper than expected!Really, I love this place and I'm sure I'll be back again and again and again.
4	Definitely a unique experience. A different "authentic" style Japanese restaurant? Most dishes will not be seen at other places in Pittsburgh (fried mochi wrapped in bacon). Would recommend to try once for the food, but the service was some of the worst ever.
3	After wanting to go there for a long time, I finally went there a couple of months back. This isn't your typical Japanese sushi place, so be warned.the Okonomyaki was really good, nothing like what I had tasted before and was great. The appetizers were pretty darn good as well. The service was a bit meh.We had no idea what things were supposed to look like so we ended up getting a small plate that someone else had ordered so we just ate it. We explained our qualm to the waiter and were still charged for it at the end.Other than that, I do want to go back again and try other things on the menu.It is a tad bit expensive too, so do go knowing that.
4	Had my eyes set on Teppanyaki for months, and finally made a visit with a couple of friends.  I love Japanese food, and it's great to have options that are not limited to just Sushi/Sashimi and the miso soup.Food (8.5/10) = I got hella excited when I visited and ordered quite a few dishes for a party of 3.1) Okonomiyaki = The Chinese have scallion pancakes. The Koreans have seafood pancake.  The Japanese have Okonomiyaki.  These are pancakes made of flour, eggs, vegetables, proteins, and topped with bonito flakes, served with a mayonnaise based sauce.  There are several options for proteins.  We got the Osaka Mix which includes shrimp, squid, and beef.  The dish can be shared or can be large enough for entree sized satisfaction.  I felt the Okonomiyaki was done well, and would definitely order again.2) Squid and King Oyster Mushrooms sauteed in white garlic sauce (from the Autumn menu) = One aspect I enjoy with Japanese food is the simplicity of some dishes, and letting the ingredients speak for itself.  This was one of those dishes.  The squid was cooked very well, which many Asian restaurants tend to screw up by overcooking it and making it tough.  The oyster mushrooms were amazing.  This was my favorite dish of the night.  Unfortunate that this dish is seasonal.3) Korokke (curry flavor) - chopped veggies with mashed potato rolled in wheat flour, eggs, breadcrumbs, then deep fried.  Absolutely loved this.  A great vegetarian option.  The curry essence was not overwhelming.  I thought about ordering another one during my visit...as a dessert, heh.4) Takoyaki (octopus balls, dumplings made of batter and filled with diced octopus) = Classic.  Whenever I see this at a Japanese restaurant, I order it.  5) Agedashi Tofu (cubed tofu deep fried served with tentsuyu and topped with scallion and grated daikon) = Like Takoyaki, I gravitate towards this dish if it's on the menu.  Another simple dish, but so damn delicious when done well.  The tofu is soft with a thin crispy exterior.  The flavor of the sauce is light and clean.6) Bacon with Japanese Mochi = A unique dish for me.  Never a pig on mochi before until I came here.  Decided to try it since it was one of the more popular dishes mentioned on Yelp.  I wasn't impressed with the dish.  I usually love anything involving pork belly, but for some reason this dish was meh.    7) Yaki-Soba noodles = My vegetarian friend got this since she had a hard time finding something on the menu that was vegetarian friendly.  This dish was meh according to her, and it looked meh to me as well.  The dish was at least 30% onions.  Although she ordered the dish with just vegetables, 30% onions is disappointing.  8) Black sesame ice cream = I like black sesame anything with Asian breads or desserts.  The flavor was great, but the texture was not ice cream texture.  It was instead similar to mochi.  Stretchy.  We didn't order the mochi dessert.  Perhaps there was mix up with our order.  Who knows.Note to vegetarians: This place didn't seem to have many vegetarian friendly dishes.  There are dishes you may think are vegetarian, such as the Agedashi tofu.  The issue with some of these dishes is the use of fish stock.  Hence my friend was limited to the Yaki-Soba with 30% onions and the Korokke.Ambiance (8.5/10) = The decor was very inviting.  A lot of elements of wood/bamboo.  There are lanterns, and the place is well lit.  Very spacious, very clean, with several private booths in the back.Service (8.0/10) = Timely, and not overbearing.  Our waiter was nice, and provided great recommendations, such as the Squid and King Oyster Mushroom dish.Overall opinion = Definitely a winner if you enjoy Japanese food.  The Japanese food scene (non-Sushi type Japanese restaurants) is minimal in Pittsburgh, but at least there is one good one - Teppanyaki Kyoto.  I recommend the first 5 dishes I listed above.  The rest were just meh.
1	I want to love this restaurant- it's part of the Bryant Street revitalization, is walking distance from my house, and is reasonably priced. However, after multiple bad experiences, I will not be returning.The final straw occured when I recently had dinner here with 3 other adults and one toddler. First, upon overhearing us discussing the menu, the waiter impatiently asked if he was going to be "dealing with any vegetarians". We thought he was being rude to be funny, but learned later he was in fact, just rude.We immediately ordered simple appetizers so that my toddler would be occupied- edamame (which they store frozen so they only need to be quickly boiled) and the bacon-wrapped mochi (arguably one of the more popular menu items). We then ordered a bottle of wine. There are only 4 red wines on the menu. When we picked one the waiter said- oh, Ive never had anyone order that before- as if we had made some obscure choice. It was so odd and his tone was so accusatory. It made no sense. We tried to just laugh it off.About 15 min later we ordered our entrees. 10 min later 2 of the 4 entrees arrived, but no sign of the apps. When we inquired, the waiter told us it was because different chefs make different dishes and the chef assigned to the 2 entrees we had received wasn't very busy at the moment so those dishes were finished first. A ridiculous explanation- appetizers are called starters on the menu for a reason- you start with them!Another 10 min went by before the apps arrived.10 minutes later (1 hour after we sat down) the other 2 entrees showed. 2/4 adults in our party had long since finished their meals. At this time, my 3 year old asked if she could have some noodles. I asked the waiter if we could have a side dish of noodles (they have sides of rice on the menu). He said he "wasn't sure" and he would check. 25 MINUTES WENT BY- and my husband had to get up and go get the waiter to check on the status of the noodles we had ordered. The waiter told us he hadn't had a chance to ask the chef. Now, we are sitting at a table in front of the chefs. I could have asked for them by simply raising my voice! I was floored. I asked to speak with a manager and was told the manager was the chef and was too busy to talk to us. 5 minutes later the waiter returned and said he could not bring a side dish of noodles because the chefs didnt want to "open another package of noodles". Outraged, I told him we obviously would be paying for the noodles, there are noodles on the menu- why would he not cook them for us? The waiter had no response except to say the chef said no.As we left, we overheard the same waiter tell a customer that he had lost her reservation and he had no tables for her available. The customer then pointed at our empty table and asked if her party could sit there and the waiter replied, "yeah, I guess I could set it for you."Are they TRYING to NOT make money here and drive customers away? It's really unfortunate that this restaurant has such terrible customer service. On past visits I've had to wait 45 min for the check, and had another experience of 1 of 4 entrees arriving 30 min after the others (and not the Okonomiyaki which the menu clearly says takes 25 min to cook- this was a simple noodle small plate that just didnt arrive until everyone else was done eating- no explanation, no apology).I want to like this place- the food is actually really good. But I refuse to pay for such terrible customer service again. I'll opt for noodles from Smiling Banana Leaf, or dine in at E2 or Park Bruges when out in the neighborhood.
5	Each dish looks delicate. I had 10 dishes, which only cost less than $90. I recommend the duck breast, eel with rice.
2	I had very high expectations for this restaurant since it served teppanyaki and okonomiyaki. I got the takoyaki and the Osaka Mix (shrimp, squid, and pork) for okonomiyaki. The octopus in the takoyaki and squid in the okonomiyaki were cooked to the point where they were rubbery and hard to eat. My friend got the teppanyaki with shrimp and I sampled her dish. The shrimp seemed like it had been pre-cooked and then added when the teppanyaki was being made. On top of that, we had to wait for a long time to get seated even though the waitress kept on saying that we would be seated in ten-fifteen minutes.
3	I've eaten here a few times. Each time I've had the Okonomiyaki or Hiroshimayaki.  It is good.  I've never had the original dish, so I can't verify the authenticity of the dish.  The meal is good. I don't care for the mayo based sauce, I'd rather use soy sauce.My only complaint is the beer selection. They should offer the big Sapporo cans.If you are looking for a chill dinner and want something different, this is definitely a place to consider.
4	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh simply because they serve AUTHENTIC Japanese food.  The ambiance feels like a restaurant in Japan and the food is oishii (delicious).  Service can be a bit slow at times but it's worth it.  I never understood why so many people rave about Nakama on the Southside..if you want REAL Japanese food, go to Teppanyaki Kyoto!
3	I was wavering between 3 or 4 stars, but 3 it is because I really didn't have anything I was excited about or seeing myself craving. All the dishes were satisfactory, and no particular complaints for service. This place is not too busy, so for a weekend low-key dinner, I would recommend coming here.The dishes I've tried a bit like tapas- most dishes were too small for one, so we ended up ordering a bunch:- Takoyaki: deep-fried here. A little skimpy on the octopus, but OK- Grilled eggplant: loved the miso-BBQ sauce that goes with it, decent portions- Korokke: good vegetarian option! Kinda like a Japanese samosa if you aren't familiar- Hanbaggu steak: a ground meat patty with a special sauce without the bun; OK option- Hiroshimayaki: like the Okonomiyaki except you get a layer of yakisoba noodlesTopped off with a Sapporo.
5	we love it here! right down the street from our house. it's wonderful to have delicious and unique food so close. the service is much improved since they opened, so fear not. their sushi/sashimi specials are great. but the classic pancake is still wonderful. Definitely try this place!
4	Love the ramen here during the freezing snowy days!
