3	Would you like to pretend that your basically in Scottsdale only you aren't....your in Tempe??? I did and basically only because my bosses work was unveiled here last night. You can see his work in giant size on every wall here. (Shameless plug) Yes I'd probably go here again if I had to and it was free.This place is better than Cherry I will give them that much the crowd (keep in mind it was just opening night) was way less ghetto. But the owners are the people who brought you SIXX and Dirty Pretty. The girls room was totally not luxurious and entirely too dark girls need light to make sure they look ok still. Its tiny two stalls, by the end of the night one stopped working (girls dont know how to use toilets I guess) and it did not need a bathroom attendant taking up valuable real estate. Maybe they spent all the $ in the mens room?? I heard there was flat screens over the urinals with a looping video of chix checking out your package I didnt confirm this though sorry. They advertised this as a rock club ummmm I did not hear one rock song all night I was only there after 10pm but w/e they said it was the DJ. Fix that I no likey. Previously the Loft I had never been but heard where the dance floor was there are booths now and its all loungey. Maybe this place will lose the club vibe after opening weekend?? I could relax here if it did...
4	(I'm a tourist from LA)This place wasn't that bad looking.  Reminded me on the SHAG club/lounge in LA.  Chandler, low light, candles, small cute place, side bar, small dance floor, side table service.  Overall, pretty fun bar to walk by.  No fee and of course 21+.  No seating unless you have service table.  Friday night DJ was okay.Bathroom: (Women) 2 stalls, small and horrible.  One was plugged up that night.  There is a mirror inside.Parking: Street (difficult to find), Private Parking Lot $5-$8.Smoking: OutdoorSurrounding: Bars, Restaurants, Late Night Eats, etc.  Brick sidewalks, so watch you ladies with your heels.  Its going to hurt later =(
2	Pub Crawl, stop 5: Another place that wasn't on the plan, but I was distracted by a cute girl handing me a flyer for 2 for 1 drinks. It was dark inside and mostly dead. Groups of 5 girls or more receive a free bottle of champagne, so obviously they are trying to get girls in the bar - the stripper pole among the couches was another clue. The dance floor was empty and there were just a handful of people in the bar. A group of 1 guy and 4 girls sat in the corner and eventually two girls went to the floor and started dancing with each other. That didn't really increase the crowd. I went upstairs and there was nothing happening up there. Back downstairs and more standing around.  After my second domestic beer, I had to find the restroom - which was nearly impossible to find. I was told it was upstairs. There wasn't a sign to direct customers and no one was upstairs. The DJ didn't pay attention to me as I tried to look behind the curtain. That was just an elevator. I found in another corner a couple of doors which appeared to be unmarked. I opened one and started to go in - but a lady came by and sad that was the women's...oops! I used the other and held onto the hand rail going down the stairs. It was nearly black and the steps didn't have markings on them, so I could see that it might be easy for someone to slip and tumble down the flight of stairs. This place didn't do anything for me. Going up the stairs there were words on the stairs that would lead one to think of sexy things and photos on the wall show busty scantily clad girls. The web site said Whip Cream Saturday and thinking of the words and whip, I would have thought of a different type of club...I didn't see any of that and it was dead, so time to move on...
1	Place is on the downhill and badly needs a makeover and a new owner, the clown running it now is rude and creepy. Never thought there would be a place on Mill worse then Cherry but this place has acheived that. Go elsewehere for better drinks and a better time.
2	its either dead or hald full. i dont like the floor plan myself but i had sum fun times..just not enough...
