4	I just got in from visiting a neighbor who's in the nursing facility section of Las Ventanas.  His wife took me on a tour of the whole facility and it is quite nice.  The dining room looks like something in a fine restaurant.  Looking at the menu for tonight's dinner and tomorrow's Father's Day brunch made me almost ask if I could stay and try the place out.  No, not really.There's a snack area, and the exercise facility was well stocked.I talked with a friend who lives here.  He and his wife happened to be in the pool.  It's small but very nice and meets the needs of the residents.If you have to live in a facility for older persons with health needs this would be a good choice if it fit your budget.  It certainly is beautiful.
4	We moved my Mom here after a horrible experience at another skilled nursing facility. Theresa was very friendly and helpful, getting me the help To complete the paperwork to make the move. My Mom has been treated like a VIP since she arrived, and we are so thankful.  Mom is young and is recovering from a surgery.  She deserves to be treated like a human, with compassion and respect.  We found thatvat Las Ventanas. Kim, the nutritionist, is also very good and helpful With the special diet needs my Mom requires.
5	This place was so wonderful to my grandmother. The staff, facility and the comfort it gave her was comforting. They rehabbed her so well and she was able to go home from there. My only wish is that she came back here when she got sick again. They were the best caretakers and so understanding and kind to her. The nurses became her friends and it was nice to see her smile. They even used china and nice silverware in the dining room. Worth every penny.  Couldn't recommend a better place for your loved elderly family.
3	It is ok if you are really old here, not for me at any age, fees for extra stuff, dress code at dinner( which you pay for anyway), even though they said it is included, The staff is pretty nice, just some of the resident I find too stuffy, for my free spirit self, it just a fancy old folk care facility for people who have $$$...
2	Very nice atmosphere. However, they are skimpy with the chefs and kitchen help.  They can't hold on to any chef. Constant turnover. The last few chefs most likely were nothing more then dishwashers promoted to chef. Definitely not par for the prices they charge for the elderly here.
