1	This company is Awful! We have tried several months for Larry Smith to return our calls. He is evidently the manager, and seems to never be available , or doesn't know how to use his phone. We paid several thousand dollars for a transfer of our timeshare which they never completed. Never use this company!
1	This company reached out to use first. We agreed to meet and eventually contracted with WTA to have our timeshare properties in Mexico transferred out of our name.  We paid them $7500 in full.  The maintenance fees for our timeshare came up and they did not pay.  It took 6 months for them to finally pay the maintenance fees.  They continued to tell us they would transfer our time share and had a buyer, but every single time they never delivered.  It has been over a year and they have not transferred the property.  In fact, they have completely disappeared and do not return calls or emails.The normal pattern before they recently disappeared was WTA would have a meeting via telephone every couple months with us and then go MIA.  We would have to call them constantly everyday and leave email messages and voice mail messages for at least a few weeks (sometimes a month) to finally get someone from WTA on the phone.  Once we got them on the phone...they promise to transfer our property and never did.    In fact, we filed a complaint with the BBB twice and WTA is still not responding to us.We have been calling for over a month now, but they are not responsive. We finally filed a court claim against them, but they are still not responding. We think they have started to run.  So if you are working with them now...make sure you get on it quick to get your money back in case they are still responding to you.  BBB has our records, but they are not helpful.  We also called the attorney general's office in clark county and they are investigating WTA for business fraud and considering criminal prosecution.  We also called the secretary of state office in CA and learned WTA has been suspended from doing business in CA.  We also heard they have "dissolved" their company in CA.  We are unsure if they have done this in NV yet, but we still call them everyday and the phone rings, but no one answers.  Like we said above, we are pretty sure they are on the run because they could be facing criminal prosecution now for fraud, theft, and conspiracy. I hope they get them! They are mean people.THUS, if you get a call from Stan Strachan, Larry Smith, Jonas Bowen, Jason (which the other report mentioned), or Bob Chapman, they are with WTA and its a fraud.  They will take your money and leave. This is a scam and their BBB rating means nothing. We are very sad that this happened to us and we can't imagine how people can be so horrible to others.  We were very understanding and tried to work with them to get the property transferred, but they definitely took advantage of our kindness.  But we write this to hopefully save someone else from the stress and being ripped off by WTA. Be careful.  The world is becoming a worse and worse place.
1	This company has taken us for $4300.  They are scam artists and Jonas Bowen and Larry Smith need to go to prison for fraud.  We have been trying to get them to record the title of our timeshares into the name of World Travel Access for eight months to no avail.  We are filing suit against them in Small Claims Court in California and intend to fly to Las Vegas to do the same.  We will also contact the Attorney General in Clark County as well as BBB.  I suspect these guys take in hundreds of thousands of dollars a year defrauding people.  It's pathetic.  We did due diligence on this company back in October and there were no negative reports on the internet.  Obviously, that has changed drastically.  Clo H and Alan J
1	Paid $1500 to their reps.  We attended a "seminar" in New Mexico to sell a timeshare in Hilton Head.  Scam!!!!
1	I would give zero stars if I could. They appear to be defunct.  They lost their BBB rating in July.  I learned that at the same time that I learned that my timeshare company refused to transfer title to them because the timeshare/vacation club will only sell to individuals, not companies.  Did I ever hear back from WTA?  Of course not.  $3500 wasted.
