4	I miss Panera. They had the best chocolate hazelnut bagels and good cheap coffee. And  free wifi. A grad student's wet dream.
4	I know they're a chain, but I gotta admit that I like Panera.  They serve good food and coffee and have free Wi-Fi, but their ambiance is pretty low key and welcoming.  I like the local feel of Murray Avenue, but lots of the places here aren't exactly welcoming, clean, or up-to-date.  Hopefully, places like Panera and Starbucks will put a little pressure on the locals to shape up or ship out.  Until then, I'm glad Panera's here.I don't think I've ever eaten anything here that I wasn't completely satisfied with, and the chipotle chicken sandwich is outstanding.
4	I don't usually like chains, but I'm so happy that this Panera exists.  It's a great location, and it's nice to have somewhere to escape from the rain or cold (hey, it's Pittsburgh, the weather sucks).  I like Dozen Cupcakes better for the cuteness, but Panera is more convenient for using wifi and escaping from people.  I've come here with friends too, though.As far as I know, the food is the same at every Panera, which can be a good thing.  It sure beats McDonald's when I'm somewhere unfamiliar.
3	I love Panera in general, but this location isn't the best. I've tried to get dinner past 6 pm several times and they've been out of necessary ingredients. Also, the local high school (?) hoodlums tend to frequent this location. Try the one in Oakland or at the Waterfront instead.
1	Out of business.
3	I was sorry to see this Panera Bread close.  It was so close to my house--right around the corner in fact.  Yes there are a lot of great local places in Squirrel Hill and I always prefer patronizing locally-owned businesses.  Still, for an impromptu lunch out with my girlfriends and/or my cousin, it wasn't a bad choice.  And I did like their breads.I also liked their soups, including low fat chicken noodle and low fat vegetarian black bean.  Oh well, I guess I can always go to the one in Homestead.
