3	Another average neighborhood pizzeria. Nothing fantastic. The Super Bowl party I went to had ordered from Cestone's. Although my special vegan super bowl chili was the hit of the party, well only until the Patriots lost, but that's another story.Where Cestone's shines is their Ice Cream window, open during the summer months. They also have a hot dog cart and sidewalk seating. Great ice cream!
4	If you like vegan chili you will hate Cestone's pepperoni pizza. If you like pizza and live in Mt.Washington you will probably order Cestone's..
4	Typical neighborhood pizza place, but it does the job! It's a cute little shop with sidewalk seating and ice cream window in the summer. The inside isn't anything special but it seems clean. The staff is busy but not unfriendly. Usually though, we order delivery. It comes within the normal amount of time and the pizza is good.
4	Believe it or not, the best thing about Cestone's is their ice cream, which like Darren said, resembles a mousse in taste and texture. It's really thick and holds up well in the heat. The pizza was pretty good. My burger was a little dry, though. The regulars are "nebby" as Pittsburghers say but are nice.
5	I could talk about how great this place is for hours, but I'll keep it relatively short for those of you rushing to find a good place to eat. I'm a regular and I've had it all. This pizza has a perfectly crafted crispy/soft crust and tastes amazing. The ice cream is amazing as other reviews have mentioned (get a chocolate milkshake). Great hoagies (steak or hot sausage are the best). They also have gyros, fries, chicken, salads and burgers, so something for every mood. But the best part of this place is that it's a great place to hang out and drink a beer with friends in one of Pittsburgh's most charming neighborhoods.
1	This place is quality!... in that it has an indistinguishable quality that, I think, is what makes it bad. It wasn't horrible, just mediocre, but had some sort of ingredient or something that made us stop and think, "hm, no."Also, I think that mysterious quality was what gave me the overwhelming urge to wear stretchy pants and try not to vom. I'm sorry Cestone's! I wanted to like you, you sell pizza by the slice and you're close to my house, but it's just not going to work out.
4	I've been coming here for almost two years now, the pizza is decent I love their sauce!  They have big "slices" so watch out!  A slice from this place is 2 normal sized slices together so it's great for a lunch break or something really quick if you're in the go. They have beer here I mean what's not to love about that?!  The bottles are all 2.50 except the 40s. You can buy a six pack or single bottles.  In the spring/summer they have outdoor seating, benches and tables under umbrellas and the staff is super friendly!
3	Really solid small town pizza place. Really inexpensive and great bang for your buck. Me and my family were visiting Pittsburgh for the night and stopped in for a quick bite before taking a ride on the Duquesne incline. The crust was incredible and the toppings were really tasty. Great beer selection with tons of local options as well as some imports.Not a place to go if your looking for a classy evening but great if you're looking to grab a quick bite to eat.
