5	awesome! one could loose hours here wondering through this amazing store. twists and turns find you in different rooms (LITERALLY! there is a 1930's house INSIDE UrbanSouthwest!) each room with a unique identity filled with unique treasures. the juxtaposition of old, vintage, and sleek modernity coincide beautifully within the many artisan made works of art. items vary from server hand crafted tables, to vintage ornate iron, to local art, and so so much more. highly recommend!!
5	Located prominently on Camelback just east of Rosie's, Urban Southwest is one of those places you drive past all the time but have never gone to. After finishing a 7th Ave. junk shop run one Saturday afternoon, we were heading home when my SO said, "What about that place? It looks kinda cool..." One quick illegal U-turn later, and we're parked on the side of the building. I can already see all kinds of cool shit made from scrap (okay, "reclaimed"/"salvaged") wood and I'm stoked!The space is indeed made up of an old house with hodgepodge additions, and it's literally a maze of hidden surprises. The word "Southwest" had always put me off because it conjures up way too many mental images of turquoise kokopellis and Indian blankets and shit. It's really a misnomer in this case; nary a single cheesy touristy item is to be seen. There's so many finalists for my revered dining room table spot, I can barely narrow it down. I end up deciding on the perfect table, which I learn is made from wood salvaged from an old house demolished locally. The owner, Nick, steered us towards these really nice looking faux-leather chairs for the table and gave us a pretty good deal on them too. The only catch was that he only had two and so we had to wait.... and wait.... and wait.... for the others to come in. Sort of a pain in the ass but Nick offered to lend us other chairs till we had the full set of four. Very fun and eclectic place with unique items at all price points -- from $25 picture frames to completely over the top but amazingly unique leather lounge chairs that may or may not cost the equivalent of the annual GDP of a small 3rd world country. Not that I would know anything about the latter. Nope.
5	Wow, can you get lost in this place. I have driven by this place so many times and always wanted to stop. Wish I would have stopped months ago! This place has so many cool pieces of furniture. Most of which is made on the premise. Urban Southwest has numerous rooms that are set up with tables, seating and accessories. Great way to get ideas. Nick was extremely helpful in how they build their product and how they can custom build anything for you. The furniture is a little more than most places, but that is understandable with most everything custom made. Will be stopping by here again the next time I am in need of a table. Thanks Nick!
1	I have visited this store many times looking for just the right piece for my loft. When ready to make a purchase, I found a dining table and chair set that I very much liked and thought would fit nicely with my decor. The table was marked at $2,100.00 but the chairs had no price tags. I asked to speak to the owner so as to negotiate a price for the entire set and was asked to wait, as he was on his way in. I waited for 20 minutes, when he finally showed. When I casually asked if the price included the chairs, the "gentleman" literally laughed at me, turned around, and walked away without saying a word. Humiliated, I followed him into the other room and stated that I should assume that it didn't. His very flippant reply to me was, "The chairs cost $800 a piece!"...and proceeded to turn his back on me once again. I had $4,000.00 cash in my pocket that day to make a purchase and he and his business not only lost out that day, but I will never make a purchase from that man if that's the way he's going to treat his customers!
5	You need to buy your furniture here.  Seriously.Nick (the owner and furniture maker extraordinaire) is one talented guy and also one of the nicest people I have ever met.  Every time my husband and I have gone in, he's always there with a big smile on his face and a few bottles of water in his hand.  We first visited his store when we moved into the area a little over a year ago.  We really weren't looking for anything at that time, but ended up walking away with a simple piece - a reclaimed wood entry table.  We have stopped in many times since.  A few months ago, we bought a Mexican star for my sister-in-law.  Most recently, we had Nick make us a desk.  We told him what we wanted and the price we wanted to pay, and he ran with it.  Two and a half weeks later, we had the most perfect desk I could ask for.  I can already think of 3 more pieces I want Nick to build for us.  This is a great local business run by a super friendly, hardworking guy who will make sure you are nothing but satisfied with your purchase.  I can't wait to fill up my house with his work.
4	We stopped in the other day because we were in the area and I spotted the rustic-looking outside of the store.Just an INCREDIBLE place.Modern art aesthetic mixed with rustic/southwest style - like nothing you've ever seen. The friendly owner greeted us as we walked in, and we proceeded to look at all the amazing things here - prices are high, but for designers, this stuff is one-of-a-kind. Must haves.When I get some more cash, I'm going back! We were drooling over this stuff!
5	Ok so... I found my new favorite store for home decor!!! (That rhymed) ! This is a must visit for anyone who is at all creative or artistic!  Really.... If you have a pulse, you need to check this place out!!!
5	All I can say is I have some KILLER pieces - one of a kind - from Nick and the amazing folks at Urban SW.   I read the longer reviews and agree 100% with them.  You can't go wrong here!
3	Bought a server here to be delivered.  The store has really unique stuff (furniture, stained glass and accessories) and worth a visit if you can take it with you.  As for delivery??  Dont count on it.  Was to be delivered on Thursday or Friday and finally got called 7pm Friday night to deliver on Saturday morning.  You guessed it - still waiting and I am located only a few miles from the store.
5	My boyfriend and I were looking for an industrial -ish type of dining table for our condo.  We researched online for ideas.  Came upon Urban via right here on Yelp*.  It was our last stop of store touring and had we known how cool this place is we wouldn't have gone anywhere else.  I was in awe of all the artistry in every piece of furniture in here from the moment we walked in.  (The landscaping outside was equally impressive.. If only we had a yard!). Once we walked in we were greeted by Nick.  We told him what we were looking for and he directed us to pieces he recently finished among others in his store.  If there wasn't anything we liked he was happy to put something together.  But that was not the case...we liked Just about everything in his store.  We had him make us a zinc top table with an angle iron base along with a bench made of reclaimed wood and steel.  He custom made these items based on the measurements we gave him and the look we were going for.  We left the design in his hands and they came out as we had hoped!  We've since been back as his store always has new things.  KUDOS for the fact that the one-of-a-kind pieces he made were locally sourced and manufactured here in PHX!  Awesome!
5	Nick, the owner, is such a wonderful furniture artist! I had him make me a dining table  and it turned out to be perfect. I asked for materials that were difficult to work with and he made it a personal challenge to create a 'statement' piece for my home.  He worked so hard on it until it met HIS very high standards in form and function. The shop is truly a wonderland of old reclaimed pieces brought back to life and some even repurposed. I would recommend this establishment and especially Nick, to anyone wanting a one-of-a-kind item for their home.
