5	I wrote the longest yelp review 8400 words, but had to cut it short since it's yelp limit to 5000.If u would like to read about LCN... u can check out Tawana's site here or here's another website where I found some info on LCN:http://www.burlesquenails.com/About_LCN.htmlhttp://www.wisegeek.com/what-are-light-concept-nails.htmI found her here: http://lasvegas.kudzu.com/merchant/reviews/16635798.htmlI walked in and was greeted with a warm welcome by Tawana. It was almost like a consultation at first when she asked me several questions on what I would like done, if I wanted to keep my length or have my nails longer, I felt she really cared in what I wanted to achieve in having my nails done and that alone is a Huge plus to me. She explained thoroughly on pricing, what she was doing at each step in the process of LCN, she practically didn't leave anything out! I learned so much that day.. I felt as if I was a student learning LCN for my benefit. It was such a great experience.. nothing like any other I ever had in getting my nails done. She was Very professional and skilled at her craft. I felt I was well taken care of and her service was top notch! I was specifically looking for a design for my nails and she nailed it! Haha get it??? Seriously I explain to her what I want and she visions it or something where she knows the finish product. It turned out EXACTLY how and what I wanted. I absolutely am in love with my nails. I can't stop staring at them! I smile everytime I glance at the sparkle LCN gives...  I hate acrylic nails.. I really do, but I luvluvluv LCN!!! No harsh harmful odor when getting your nails done, looks so real, non-porous, so they protect the natural nail and do not discolor over time. And it looks sooo beautiful!! I had many compliments ever since and half were good-looking men hehe... can't believe they even notice those things!Only concern I'll advise you all... when you put your nails in the purple light to dry, watch out for ANY burning sensation even it's a slight one. Oh my goodness, the first time I felt that and I took my hands out too late... my pinky was throbbing in pain as if someone slammed a door on it. It only happened when you get it done the first time, so brace yourself!!! Tawana will explain everything beforehand , but here's a heads up so you'll be prepared.The whole process took less than 50 mins. And there's no dry time, so once you are done.. you can go about your business.. and not worry a darn thing about your nails at all! I love it, because I mostly hand wash my clothes, clean the house.. yes I can be a tomboy too! So I'm rough on my hands and this doesn't even bother me at all!Tawana's price is very reasonable and she's the first to do LCN in Las Vegas!!! In CA, the prices are ridiculous..  I'm happy she's very fair with her pricing on all her services, especially the way the economy is still under the loop. I will tell you this... my experience with getting my nails done with Tawana was the first greatest experience I ever had in getting my nails done.. ANYWHERE. I was exhausted from work, hardly any sleep, was called in..in the morning for more work, even though I had to go to work again that very same day but at night... I didn't care at all.. Tawana made my day and I left there smiling and giggling to myself admiring her work she done on my nails. I was on Cloud 9 and loving every bit of it. I had a burst of energy too just from how kind hearted Tawana was and how she cared enough to share with me about my nails, LCN, and what I wanted to achieve. At the end, another special surprise added to my experience... she told me she gives all her new clients a welcome gift that consist of fridge magnet of her business info ( very cute ), a red see through pen with her info. also on there ( she has plenty so I took many, it's really a stylish pen, and writes great! ), a mini Solar Oil to brush on my nails to condition my cuticles and strengthen my nails ( smells so delish! Like almond lotion), a mini 5 ml LCN Diamond Touch leg lotion with glitter made from Germany, and a post card that's a voucher for $5 off your next return visit and also would you like your next service for FREE?Tawana states on her post card:A referral from a client is the nicest compliment you can give me.If you refer just THREE of your friends or family, I will give you your next service absolutely FREE as a token of my appreciation.I think that is so nice of her to do. ***So please please please mention my name SUKI if you decide on getting LCN done on your nails.***If you want to experience LCN, exceptional service, fair reasonable price, be completely impressed getting your nails done for the first time in your life... go see Tawana. I drove out of my way in Summerlin to see her and it was well worth the trip because I received the Best treatment and the Best service I could ever ask for in my life.Thank you Tawana for this wonderful, unforgettable experience. I LOVE MY NAILS.
5	I cannot say enough wonderful things about Tawana. She has been doing my nails for about  years. My nails always look fantastic, she knows what I like and always makes great suggestions for new things to try. There are literally thousands of options between base colors, glitter, stickers & hand painting. Because of the product she uses (LCN) my nails look as shiny 2 weeks later as they did the day they were done, I also get my toes done, they look amazing for 4+ weeks. GO HERE!
5	I love this place!  LCN nails is a new concept to me, I had never heard about it before finding this shop on Yelp.  Tawana explained the whole process as we went along.  Tawana and Kamille are so friendly and the shop has a really fun vibe with great decor.  LCN nails are awesome...there are endless possibilities for designs and Tawana is very creative.  I love my new nails and have gotten so many compliments on them.  I can't wait to see what kind of cool design Tawana comes up with for me next!
5	Tawana and Kamille are so amazing!  love the nails! love the shoppe! love everything about The Nail Shoppe!! :)
5	Love it here sooooo much! Tawana's personality and her incredible creativity keep me coming back. I believe she can do anything to your nails your could possibly think of and make it look fantastic, fun, glamorous... Whatever you desire! I have never had more fun with the creativity of my nail styles than when Tawana has done my nails. I HIGHLY recommend The Nail Shoppe.
5	My first time meeting Tawana and her daughter, love love love my nails, the Shoppe was also cute. They we're both very friendly and just an overall great experience.
5	Tawana has been doing my nails for six years!  I ALWAYS get compliments on how beautiful and creative they are.   This is not the usual nail/pedicure experience.  Tawana and Kamille interact with their customers, the shop is beautifully decorated, and there is always something funny being said.  It's great to come in, relax, and just feel like you are hanging out with your girlfriends!  If you have not experienced the fun and creativity of The Nail Shoppe, give it a try!!  You will NOT be disappointed!
5	Tawana is amazing! I showed her a photo of what I wanted and I got that and MORE!This is a clean, fun, safe shop. It is well stocked with top of the line LCN gel nail products and Tawana is extremely professional and knowledgeable about the nail care biz. She took my nasty old acrylics off and hooked me up with my beautiful gel nails and I've never been happier with my nails.If you're ever in the Green Valley area and need your nails done, do yourself (and your nails) a favor and make an appointment to see these ladies. You won't regret it!
5	Loved it!I was skeptical after finding another nail place on here with good reviews and having my nails end up horrible.  But I figured even my yelpers could get one wrong.Fortunately I called the girls at the Nail Shoppe and they were able to fix it for me.  I had just wanted a simple, clean natural looking gel overlay.  They listened and gave me EXACTLY what I wanted.  My nails were BEAUTIFUL and looked great.  I got alot of compliments and it was a fantastic experience.  Will go back.
1	Got gel nails with Tawana's daughter 3 times. The sanding of the nail polish took off so much of my nails along with it that they are now ruined. My nails are now incredibly thin and fragile. :(
5	The best work I have ever had! It doesn't hurt, no ruining cuticles with products. Tawana is very precise on her artwork and very gentle. I have stopped looking now for a nail shoppe. I recommend her to everyone who admires my nails.
5	I have known Kamille for many years. Got my nails done by her a few months ago.  I had never had gel nails until then and I absolutely loved them.  After 3 weeks, I got tired of the color and ripped them off. Went to another salon that is closer to my house because I live in mountains edge... They did a horrible job. Peeled in days, not the color I asked for, etc. long story short, I love the atmosphere at The Nail Shoppe. They're so friendly and get you exactly what you want.
2	Not sure if I can attach a picture of my nails to this review. It looks like a DIY gone wrong. I don't think she knows how to do nails properly (the daughter did my nails, can't speak on the mother). I guess it's partly my fault. I was going by all the positive reviews here, I didn't critique the nails properly. 2 stars for the cute salon. Other than that...
2	I visited The Nail Shoppe a couple months ago for the first time, I'm not gunna lie just by looking at all the pictures I had high hopes that my nails would be as nice looking. I ended up going simple I just got the LCN with pink polish , Kamille did my nails, and she was very nice. My nails came out ok, they sculpt the nail themselves with length and I didn't think she did that good of a job because the next day one of my nails had already chipped. I called them and they apologized about it and made me an apt to fix it, but kamille also did the fix and I felt like she rushed through it, overall I don't feel like for the price I paid it was worth it. I think she should have paid more attention to detail because even though she was nice, at the end my nails were all of different thickness, it looked bad especially the one that was fixed was ALOT thicker then the rest and uneven. I didn't even keep them on for a week.
5	Love, love, love my nails! I can't wait to show them off at work tomorrow!
1	Not happy at all. I was really excited to try this place after reading mostly good reviews on Yelp, but have been seriously disappointed. My nails are throbbing from over drilling/ filing and have been filed down to the quick, 2 cuticles are super raw from tearing away with cuticles scissors. First, probably my fault for not canceling this appointment after the texts throughout the day asking me over and over to change times. First I had made an appointment at noon, then an hour and a half before my appointment Kamille asked if I could come at 3:30. I said sure, I would go pick up my kids early so I could make her new time. At 3:15 she texts me asking can I come at 4? At that point I should have just canceled. Who has time to rearrange their schedule like this? I arrived at 4, Kamille showed up 5 minutes later with her daughter. Her daughter was extremely sweet, but Kamille had what looked like her swim suit top, so I was wondering if they were at the pool and that's why she couldn't make our original time.  Then after requesting over the phone when making my appointment and in the texts back and forth that I wanted gel manicure, Kamille then realizes they don't have the gel top coat needed to do a gel manicure! I felt like so far, the twice rescheduled appointment, now the right materials needed to do the service we discussed are not available??? I should have just left, but you know when you're in a weird situation and you just keep going with it? You're worried you'll seem inflexible and I thought back to the good reviews on Yelp, so I figured my nails would turn out looking good. Kamille said they do this technique that is similar to gel polish, but better. I said okay I'd try it. After she took an electric drill to my naked nails, she applied the first layer of the special product. In the UV light it burned like a mother, but Kamille said that was normal. It was NOT a great feeling and I can't imagine doing that twice a month. Top it off with a chunky, bulbous goo that hardened into a super thick, super unattractive mass on top of my nail which looks like I have swollen nail beds. It is jagged/slanted on two nails like a file was pressed hard against it while still wet, there are 3 glitter black dots on my thumb nail, and chunks throughout the rest. It was not flat or smooth like my 200 gel manicures before, and no matter what fantastic product it is, if your fingers are throbbing from over drilling and the finished look has fat, wavy, hard polish/product on your cuticles or your fingertips that you can't peel or rip off, if it looks like my third grader painted my nails and it feels like my fingers have been slammed in a door, it's NOT a good thing. I don't want my money back, and I hate leaving negative Yelp reviews, I see the mom gets awesome reviews, but after this experience I reread the reviews for this place tonight, there's a few similar reviews from others about Kamille. I think she was super nice, but my fingers have NEVER been as sore as this from any manicure, and I've tried lots of different kinds from lots of different technicians.  My concern is I can't soak these off, I can't just peel it off, it will have to be drilled off (I asked Kamille how would I ever get it off should I choose to, she said only drilling).  Honestly, the place is super cute and kitschy, but I will not be returning. I am going out of town this weekend to my old salon where I texted my old nail lady the pictures of my fingers, she also has started doing this technique (along with regular gel polish and other types of manicures) and she showed the other nail techs in the salon, they were appalled and couldn't believe how terrible they looked... They are going to TRY to file some of the thick layer off, but are worried that it'll further damage my nails. Really??? Absolutely ridiculous I might be living with this for awhile.
5	I got my nails done by Kamille & I love them! Best nails I have ever had :) It was my 26th birthday and I wanted to get a little crazy with my nails so I decided to go to the Nail Shoppe and see Kamille. She got me right in and it was awesome! I have been to a few places closer to my home and I can say I have no problem driving a little extra for an amazing set of nails. Definitely the only place I will be going from now on! Thanks again Kamille at the Nail Shoppe!
3	When I first moved to Las Vegas, I was desperate to find a great nail place to replace my long time nail girl in my old state of California.  I booked with the Nail Shoppe after reading the stellar reviews.  I'm not one to give a totally negative review to small businesses, but after a handful of appointments, and being pretty disappointed, I had to share.First off, the salon is very cute.  Has a vintage/retro atmosphere, and I love those private salons where vendors rent rooms for their business for a personalized & private experience to the customers. Clean. I had Kamille (the daughter) only to do my pink/white gels.  It was my first experience using gels, so she was GREAT at explaining the process to me on my first visit. She even warned me when the light would probably be a little painful, which is fine, because I'm willing to put up with some discomfort for an awesome result.  The appointment took less than an hour, and I was impressed with how quickly it was done. Now here are my gripes.  I felt like the atmosphere was not very professional.  Kamille is nice enough... but I feel like because she's so young, she needs to learn to provide a more professional front for newer clients.  I'm all for sharing personal experiences, but maybe get to know your clients a little better (after a few months) to see if they are comfortable hearing cuss-filled rants about exes.  I don't want to say she's horrible, just young and candid.  I prefer a more relaxed atmosphere and artists who are more laid back and quiet.  But, I'm sure if I continued to go there for another 6 months, I probably would have gotten used to it and maybe even liked it.  It's just not what I was looking for.  Maybe if I was 21 again when I wasn't so picky about that stuff. Now for the quality of work.  My first time, I liked Kamille's work with my pink/white gels (yes, I heard the speech about how LCN is the best).  And she was pretty quick. After a few more times, I was not so happy.  Now, if you are in a rush, Kamille is GREAT at doing quick fills. But the last few times, I was not happy with the quality, especially my thumbs.  After the appointments, I noticed that my thumb nails were not evenly filed.  And on some of the other nails the line between the pink and white gels weren't as great the first time.  I will admit, I didn't call to get it fixed, but I'm used to having my nails look great without having to call for a simple fix like filing.  Plus I'm a busy working woman. So if you want super quick service, go with Kamille.Why did I end up not coming back?  Scheduling didn't permit.  Because I wasn't happy with the daughter's work, I was going to give her mom a shot, who had excellent Yelp reviews.  I only met her once, so I can't say how she is in person, but unfortunately, my appointments were constantly being rescheduled on her part for a family emergency, which is totally understandable.  After a 3rd rescheduling request, I had already found another nail person through a friend's recommendation.Maybe I came into this shop at a bad time --where both artists were going through some bad personal experiences, and my nails were the victim of that.  There are some awesome photos of their elaborate designs that are pretty.  So I recommend giving them both a shot of course...  you be the judge on whether you click on a personal level.  I'm sure they are fun girls, but it just didn't work out for me...
5	I have been coming to the nail shoppe for quite sometime and Kamille has always done my nails. I have brought in some crazy stuff for her to do and she always does such an awesome job with them. I always receive complements every time I have them done. Thanks Kamille for doing my nails and taking the extra time to get them to look so awesome (which is why some appts get rescheduled).
5	By far the best Mani Pedi I've gotten in Vegas. I didn't know what kind of design I wanted when I came in but Kamil was so creative she knew exactly what I liked. I recommend this place to everyone it's very family oriented and very welcoming decor. Tell them Kelly Taylor sent you you won't be disappointed.
3	I have been dreading doing a review for the nail shoppe. But, it needs to be done. I have been coming here for 10 months and I do like my nails. Tawanna was my nail technician. My thing is I could no longer keep going because I was always cancelled for my appointment or asked to move it to a different time. I was set up for automatic appointment every 3 weeks at 11am. Every three weeks, either the night before or the morning of,  I got a text asking me if I could please move my time to 12, 1 sometimes 2. I the paying person accommodated that and moved my time. I also got cancelled a lot due to personal etc reasons. I always asked when can I come back in. They either had no time for me or they wanted me to come in on times I couldn't since I do work Graveyard I have to sleep. I always told them I could come on Tues or Wed. She opens her shop at  11am and couldn't come in early just to get me in and keep me happy for her cancelling my appointment. I even came in for an appointment that she reschedule due to her canceling and she did not write me in for this new appointment and was not there for me. Her daughter Kamille had to call her and she asked if I could come back in in an hour. I said no I have to work. The last straw was a week before my appointment I texted Tawanna two pictures to see if she could possibly do. She said she would try. The night before my appointment 7/16 I got a text to see if I could come in at 1pm instead of 11am. I said ok. The day of my appointment 7/17 I got a text at 10:34am telling me she has to cancel my appointment and could I come in Sat at 1:30. I said no I will be working and sleeping at that time. So she tried to get me on Wed 7/24 I asked her not to cancel. More I thought of it I am the one paying her for my work and I am having to re schedule my plans to accommodate her last minute things. She does not show she needs paying customers or concern of always changing appointment times or days.I COULD NOT TAKE IT NO LONGER AND LEFT!!! I found another awesome lady to do my nails just as good as Tawanna did. Her nails are good but, her time management is far from NOT.
1	So disappointed. Been looking for a new nail salon since Polished is always so packed. Not only did I have to wait for the owner to turn me away (and take a customer before me that had gotten there after me) because of her running behind she actually asked me to get there an hour early! Ridiculous. I needed  my nails done for my trip out of town and she completely wasted my time. I'm shocked I was asked to return. Don't come here if you're relying on getting your nails done.
5	In response to Jennifer S and her view I was the customer that Tawana took for a VERY QUICK 5 minute repair for a nail as I was also going out of town. I've been a very happy customer for over two years now and really appreciate Tawana and her loyalty to her customers. I'm sorry this woman was so angry and left, if had she waited a few more minutes Tawana could have done her nails. Anyone that frequents beauty businesses realizes there are times you have to wait. BTW Tawana was also running late because the client before Jennifer S was late. So, don't blame or go hating on Tawana, blame me and the previous client Jennifer. Seriously, you cheated yourself out of the best nail experience in town!P.S. Tawana offered to reschedule Jennifer S and she was also offered a discount, which she declined. That's the mark of a true professional!
5	I have been a customer at The Nail Shoppe for about 2 years now. Since I have been coming here I have been one very happy camper with my nails. Tawanna does my nails to perfection every time. I have never had any problems with lifting or cracking with the LCN product that she uses. I have gone as long as 6 weeks with the same set of gels and never had any issues at all. I also love the design work that she's done on my nails. I can go in and say do whatever you want design wise and walk out completely satisfied with the outcome. Or I can show her what I want and she always gets the design right on.The Shoppe is a very cute little retro shop with lots of style and class. When you visit here you will always have a great conversation. When you leave you will leave with awesome nails and new friend.
5	I have been happily getting my nails done by Tawana for a few years now and I am always impressed by her work.  I just recently noticed that I haven't done a review for her and her business.  Tawana is such a dynamic woman and such a professional, yet very personable.  I never have any problems with my nails lifting or color fading.  She is always up on the latest trends in nails, and her pricing is extremely reasonable.  I really like the fact that she only uses the LCN products, as there is no odor/fumes.  I don't always know what design or color I want on my nails, so I sometimes ask Tawana for suggestions.  My nails always look amazing when I leave.  Whether you want a clean look like with a French manicure or want to totally bling out your nails with glitter and 3-D, you can get it all with Tawana!  For a real treat, get your toes done with glitter!  I always get compliments on my glitter toes!(:
5	Gel nail experts!  I love having my nails done by Tawana.  She is professional, creative and so much fun!  The shop is adorable as well.
5	I'M BACK!!!New year New Beginnings!!!I have always loved my nails when Tawana did them. We just had some issues that made me choose to leave. While being gone I could not find one that did the work as she did. I found someone that tried and was nice but, not the same. After getting a message from Tawana regards to my YELP review it got me thinking. She was very sincere and I choose to go back.She is now in a new location which is BEAutiful!! Love the decore and Ms Bessie is still there on her donut pillow!!My nails are wonderful and I am so happy to have come back and to stay from this day forward!!! Tawana  knows and loves her job and puts her whole heart into it and it shows. I before have never and even now have never had a nail break or lift and I get so many compliments.Give her a shot you will be thankful you did and wont want to go anywhere else. She is very creative also. Her prices are very reasonable and she does guarantee the work 100%.Thank you Tawana!!!
5	I love my nails. I am not sure the proper name of the color gel Tawanna did on my nails but they are a thermal in which they change colors. From one color when cold to another when warm. I have gotten so many compliments and I even have a friend in Texas wanting to find some there to do the thermal colors. They are so beautiful and    fun!! Thank you Tawanna
5	This place is awesome! I love my nails!
5	This is an amazing place to go!! Tawana does a great job in all that she does. She LCD Gel Nails! This is not just Gel polish and it is NOT Gel over Acrylic. This is Gel over your own nails and she can give u length as well with just Gel. They are beautiful and durable!! Try her out!! She is the best!!
5	Tawana has got to be seriously one of the coolest and most talented people to touch my nails lol. She is a rockstar with the LCN system and I look forward to hanging out with her and catching up, every appointment. I drive 45 minutes every two weeks, just to have my nails done by Tawana.
