1	At first, I thought I was going to have a great experience here.  They had great items ranging from wines to great decor for the biggest alcoholic and wine enthusiast in the city; however, my night was completely spoiled by the extremely rude and unpleasant ladies who were working.As a newly turned 21 year old, I have grown accustom to showing my ID, and I do not mind doing it one bit.  I know the law, and I would never risk a business being fined by serving an underager.  However the ladies were extremely rude when demanding I show ID first before even looking at a wine.  Then, after showing my ID to the one nice ladies, the others looked over and saw me drinking and lost her mind.  She was obviously too busy with her computer to see I had already been carded.  Her redundancy about the fines that would be given if they served me underage were rather annoying and uneccasary.  Too bad the staff was so rude because we were about to buy some wine and a few decorations.
1	I had a great experience here.  They had great items ranging from wines to great decor for the biggest alcoholic and wine enthusiast in the city; however, my night was completely spoiled by the extremely rude and unpleasant ladies who were working.As a newly turned 21 year old, I have grown accustom to showing my ID, and I do not mind doing it one bit.  I know the law, and I would never risk a business being fined by serving an underager.  However the ladies were extremely rude when demanding I show ID first before even looking at a wine.  Then, after showing my ID to the one nice ladies, the others looked over and saw me drinking and lost her mind.  She was obviously too busy with her computer to see I had already been carded.  Her redundancy about the fines that would be given if they served me underage were rather annoying and uneccasary.  Too bad the staff was so rude because we were about to buy some wine and a few decorations.
3	I have been here several times.  The wine selection is good, but the service is inconsistent.Sometimes the ladies working are very "into" the business of selling wine, making sure that your selection is perfect, suggesting other bottles that you may have overlooked or might like better.  Other times, it's like they are being held captive and are more interested in what they are missing outside or the weather is bad or, or, or.Thumbs up for the product - give the Winter Pear a try - it's a great sweet flavor and one of my favorites.
4	I very much enjoy this place..I've only been here twice but never had a problem with the service. They have over 20 different wines for you to sample plus more to buy and a great selection of fruit wines.My favorite is the peach and flagship port which has a little more umph to it. They have plenty of wine accessories including openers, wine racks for the floor and wall, and decorations.I purchased a wall rack and I purchased a floor rack along with 8 different bottles. The older ladies were nice to me and helped me find what I wanted even though it took me a while to find exactly what I wanted.  Only downside is that they never seem to have the items in the back room preboxed. I purchased both my items from the display. Then they put them in trash bags if they are too big! A little cheap if you ask me. Other than that I'm very pleased with this winery.
