5	I don't know if L'Epidor baked goods are typical of Korean baked goods, but if it is, I've apparently been missing out on something extraordinary for all of my life.Have you ever had mochi ice cream? Imagine mochi bread!Have you ever had red bean Japanese pastries or even just red bean ice cream? L'Epidor has both red and green bean. It's sweet even though it's made from a bean.I'm trying to watch my carbs so this place is dangerous. I walked out with a walnut and cream cheese pastry and a green bean pastry. But I really wanted that mochi bread too.Copious free samples make choosing what to buy either easier or harder. (Harder, because it's easy to become a greedy piggy! This stuff is delicious!)L'Epidor also has some of the best cookies I've ever eaten.It's in the Big Lots (SE corner of Decatur) strip mall.
4	Located inside Green Land in the Korea Town on Spring Valley. It has lots of nice treats for you all. It's a small stand and a lot of flavor so that is why it is somewhat expensive, but the taste is real good. Those cookies are so good, I don't know about you guys but I like eating all my cookies with milk. You can really taste the cherry in them. I also bought this banana bread, that was also good, but I believe the banana taste was artificial. I think this place should have a stand outside so it can reel more people in.
5	So after an amazing All-You-can-Eat Korean BBQ lunch at Honey Pig next door, the boyfriend and I stopped by the bakery before heading to the outlet mall.  I had seen this tiny bakery when we were pulling up next to Honey Pig.  Being the elitist baked-good snob ever, I decided we had to stop by after lunch.As soon as I stepped in, I found a lady and a man frantically packing/wrapping up various buns and sweets.  Service, to say the least, wasn't exactly the best considering I was standing over the goodies all by myself for the whole duration.I ended up buying various sweetened buns, pastries that looked like bananas, bread with hot dogs, croquette, and other stuff.  But my absolute favorite purchase was the Butter cookies.  It was love at first bite. My boyfriend really enjoyed the chocolate cookies dipped in chocolate.  Obviously, I'll always stop by when I'm in Vegas again.  Afterall, I totally think about the Korean move, "Antique [the live-action of the anime Antique Bakery]" whenever I stop by.  And now I raise my glass of pomegranate-blueberry-lychee sake, "Cheers to L'Epidor and the handsome man behind the counter!"
4	The location of L'Epidor is wonderful: next to my favorite Pho place and Vietnamese supermarket.  First impression was well-made because of the fragrant coffee scent filling the air.  There were also a group of Korean men sitting inside, drinking coffee, and eating desserts; all adding to the warmth and liveliness of the bakery.  The selection was not tremendous, but this can go either way.  All I decided to try was pastries, although their desserts on display looked very delicious as well.L'Epidor was the first Asian bakery in Vegas (in my experience) to have Whole Red Bean Bun.  My curiosity was coursing my veins about this, and luckily I was not disappointed.  The quality of the roll was fresh, buttered to a perfect amount, and the red bean paste inside had yummy whole red beans.  I am a devoted fan of different textures to keep the zen in the palette of a food; and the crunchiness of whole beans completely elevated this traditional favorite to the next level.  I am definitely a believer in WBB (whole bean buns) now.The egg custard bun was also very tasty.  Most egg custard buns I've had carry too much sweetness to compensate for an inconsistent creaminess, but not L'Epidor.  The chestnut roll was all right.  It didn't shine in my culinary memory, but wasn't an experience I regretted.I spent a total amount of less than $5 for the three pastries; for me, three breakfasts that were exotic, unique, and absolutely fantastic.  L'Epidor: until we meet again, mon ami!
5	So the last time I was here in November '10, I had the most amazing butter cookies here.  Flash-forward:  Last weekend, I was in-town again doing the drunken-blur and eat-til-you-faint thing again.  After lunch at Honey Pig, the mister and I stopped by.  I only bought $20-something worth of goods here --- I had butter cookies, cherry cookies, corn cookies, and one custard-filled doughnut.  Although after that Jabbawockeez concert and a puzzling walk from Monte Carlo to The Cosmopolitan, I forgot I had the doughnut still in my purse and nearly lost it outside Jet at The Mirage.  Eeks?  I was saved though by my sober friend and since it was still in it's package, I ate it.  And oh. my. gawd!  It was yummy!A day later, I find myself back in this shop.  It's the same guy and girl from last time, mind you.  I think the guy recognized me because he tossed some freebies into my almost-$30 bag of custard doughnuts, red bean doughnuts, pizza bread, garlic bread, etc.  Oh, try the garlic bread.  It's divine!I'm pretty sure I'll find myself back in this cozy bakery in November.  I'm hooked for life.
4	The chewy rice ball (with sesame seeds) are my fav, and this place does it better than Crown. Aside from that, this place is in a grocery store..  I had no idea they had a seating area?
4	these almond cookies are amazing.  they're definitely worth the drive out to spring mountain blvd to give them a try.  WHY? ok, you're in vegas and you are sick of the buffets.  you want to save your last $100 bill so that you can get into one club and get one drink.  you want to eat chinese, thai, malaysian, korean, vietnamese, or japanese & support local restaurants (which are super yummy by the way)you want bobayou want a foot massageyou need to stop by the bank and pull out wads of doughyou need to stop by target/ walmart to buy stuffok, now that you're in your car.  this place is so easy to get to.  pull up, it's a small little bakery with no gaudy decor nor do they have lines out the door like 85C.  you're expecting to fight people over them, but no, they're just stocked on the shelf on the left hand side.  you decide if you want 1 bag or 2 bags.  you take a bite of one and you're thinking of stocking up for the winter like a squirrel with acorns. (disclaimer -- please don't bc they get soft after several days)i was introduced to this place by someone who is a food guru, and they really are scrumptious.  they're freshly baked and has a crisp snap when you bite into it.  not too sweet for a sweet item.  you get about 5 round pieces in a bag, which is quite a lot.  the coconut cookies are not the same, so i would pass on that. the coconut "flavor" is too strong.  the almond scent of the almond cookies are not too overpowering.if you're ever close by, stop by to get these thin almond cookies that are only $2.50 for 5 in a bag.  such a steal for little bits of heaven!
5	I love going here for their pastries! I usually go here after eating @ Honey Pig which is next door(a good place to eat for lunch & dinner which is all u can eat & also they are open 24 hours!) My Favs are custard pastries & the cookies!! Great service!!
1	The Cashier Lady, at a Korean supermarket of "Greenland", is so terrible!!  No smile, NEVER says "hello" nor "thank you".  Always tapping her fingers even when customers are at the check out counter, so ANNOYED!!  She should know what is a customer service.
4	So far I have only visited their kiosk in the Greenland Supermarket. The very first time I scored some madeleines, a slice of Swiss roll cake, a half loaf of white Pullman bread and some sort of coffee bun that was a spur of the moment buy when the cashier gave me a sample. The madeleines were adequate, they were a bit dry, but still very buttery.  The cake was also a bit dry and I would have like more cream filling. However, the coffee bun was divine. This is what will get me up in the morning. It's got the sweetness a Hawaiian roll but there is this wonderful coffee glaze all over the top. Heaven. The Pullman bread is what every french toast/sandwich/toast with jam should be, in my world.I ended up dreaming about the coffee buns so I had to go back three days later. This time also picked up a custard bun (Yum!) and this cheese walnut bread that I also had a sample of the first time. I have yet to try anything filled with red beans, but some of the selections looked very good. I can only imagine the sugar coma I will go into when I actually visit their store.
4	Made my first trip to Greenland Supermarket after getting my car fixed up on a chilly Sunday morning.  So glad I parked in front of this humble little Asian bakery since the delicious smell of fresh baked goods drew me in like an Adkins moth to a carbohydrate flame. After browsing around at their varied selections of sweet and savory pastries and cookies, I decided on the red bean doughnut and the young lady behind the cashier proudly stated their best item was the mocha buns so I had no choice but throw in one of those.  She was absolutely correct as I bit into the mocha bun on my way into the supermarket.  The top of the mocha bun has a thin crispy layer of caramelized coffee-flavored sugar and the bread component underneath has the consistency of hawaiian bread with perhaps the butteriness of a croissant.  Add in the fact that I was enjoying this delightful creation perhaps a few minutes after it was freshly baked out of the oven since the transparent wrapper still had some remnants of steam, it was like biting into a warm coffee creme brulee, only transformed into pastry form!Unfortunately for the red bean doughnut, it was saved for breakfast the next day and while I'm not the biggest fan of red bean (still recovering from the post-traumatic stress disorder my mom induced on me by claiming red bean paste was just "Chinese chocolate" when I was a kid), I was hoping the doughnut component had a more mochi-like consistency but it ended up being fairly typical so I'm wondering if that was due to the reheating in the microwave.  My advice is to arrive in the morning and pick out a few samples to enjoy directly on the premises or to hold your pastry in one hand as the other picks out groceries next door.  Even though they offer their items in Greenland next door, nothing beats biting into a warm pastry straight out of the oven, and the mocha bun is definitely a great way to start your day.
4	This place is small, but the pastries are awesome!  My coworkers and I usually come here after having lunch at Pho So 1.  The people working there are very friendly, but they speak almost zero English.  So, don't expect any help with questions you may have.  They make a cream filled bun that is super yummy and has got to be super fatty...maybe its better that I can't ask what's in it.
2	Maybe it's because I came here late at night when things had been sitting out for a while, but the pastries here really weren't that good. I got the cherry cake slice, which had flavor, but was pretty dry. I also got the black sesame bun, which was also pretty dry. Overall, not something worth raving about.
1	Um..two words can describe this place...disgusting and repulsive.I came here with high expectations! But i was disappointed..I bought a custard filled bread... Horrible..the bread was hard and just tasted old and way overdue...and their pat bing soo? Was so so..but i felt like they tried copying at the one at tiffany coffee shop (the best in town)
4	Located right next to Greenland Supermarket, this bakery is very tiny, but has many unique Korean pastries. I bought a mugwort cake, thin almond cookies, puff pastry roll and a croquette which was a crispy doughnut filled with potato, onion and yam noodles. The items were well made. Only wish they had more variety, but that may have to do with the small store.
4	Not sure why everyone is saying this isn't a bakery.Look at the map and you'll see they're not talking about the right place. They're all talking about the TINY SATELLITE BAKERY SHOP inside of GREENLAND MARKET/Grocery store. ++++NOT++++ the original and FULL SIZE Bakery where you can sit and also have a coffee at one of the tables. They are both on spring mountain. Maybe that's the issue. Everything inside the tiny satellite shoplet is made at the BIG bakery. The smaller shoplet inside of the grocery store is just handy because it saves on gas. So you don't have to drive down the street. You can do it all in one place. ALTHOUGH the selection is not as large at the korean market. Their best sellers are there however.I love the "red bean mammoth". I've never been much for anything red bean but I really love this and so does my picky son. The mocha bun. Wow...it doesn't even need a filling. Nice and light. (** Downgraded to 4 stars from 5 because the swiss vanilla cream roll is on the dry side. I got home and had a slice....it's not a moist cake. I've had these moist and light. This is not.) Also give, the swiss rolls a try. Those are always good. You can get the slices or the whole roll. They will be located in different areas. The slices are on the floor with the other items. The unsliced full size swiss rolls are in the cold case with the other cakes.The cream puffs are great.I'm still working through their stuff because it's all so foreign to me, but I pick up a new thing each week. If you're a korean bakery virgin then I suggest trying the above tried and true items.-a quick tip: if you flip a piece over, there is often a label explaining what something is in english. HOWEVER...be aware anything that says "pizza" is NOT pizza. I don't know why they use that word. Often if it's savoury, it's using hot dogs. It's an acquired taste if you're used to hot dogs in a bun the american way. Also, savoury items often also have pickles and/or mayo in them. Also...an acquired taste. I tend to stick to the sweet things and then pick up 1 savoury item every week to learn what I do and don't like.------------If you're at the original bakery (the big one), there is a great vietnamese restaurant right behind them and some great shops below if you take the elevator down. Make an afternoon of it!
4	I always enjoy stopping by this kiosk on my way out of Greenland Supermarket.  They have great breads and pastries.  My favorite is their sugar round donut because when you bite into it there's a layer of custard! Yum!
5	Holy freaking cow. I love this place. I'm not a Nevada native so perhaps my review will be somewhat over zealous. However, I'm going to talk about this place in a positive light regardless. No other bakery beats this place. They always satisfy my sweet tooth! I was introduced to this place by my grand auntie. She brought home a bread that has  red bean and whip cream in the middle. It's pretty big -like the sizeof my head, if not bigger. Maybe two heads. The quality of their bread is just heaven. Never any different the two times in a year that I can eat it. I can't wait to visit this place in person. I'll be buying 10 years worth of food stock. Hahahaha (I am sad that this place is underrated. Open one in California please! I'll be your number one fan!)
4	I love this little bakery I always go crazy in here because I want to buy almost everything.   Come check it out if you like pan (bread)  sweet pan with sweet beans (azuki)  they also have other stuff there are two locations one in the Greenland market and one next door  happy yelping.  From your fellow yelpie.  Xoxo
1	Looks good and tastes good when fresh. But on two separate occasions we have walked out with moldy pastries. Black and gray mold in-between the cream filling and bread. Disgusting. I have lost faith. The owners need to make sure they rotate the product- donate to ThreeSquare if it doesn't sell. But don't leave old product on the shelf. I guess they deserve one star as it is good when it's fresh.
2	The location is awesome but hmmmm its alright. Not really exciting about their bread...
1	The bakery here is ehh... But the worst part is the what it seems like the owner. I've never experienced ever before the owner didn't say a word while paying for the pastry. When she rang up the total, she just looked at the register monitor for me to look at and took my card. And after that she silently gave me my receipt and that's that. If you are gonna own a business, learn how to give a customer service!idiot...
