4	Pawn shops are a lot of fun to shop at, especially for jewelry.  This location is my favorite for looking for deals on jewelry.  It has one of the largest and best selection of jewelry in town.I like to come here at least every 2 or 3 months to see if there are any new pieces.  It can get really busy, so be patient.  It's best if you find a salesperson you like working with.  Over the years we've worked with a couple of people and one of them has my cell and will call me if an item of interest pops into the store....it's like having a personal shopping assistant.  Not too many people will do that for you.....she happens to do it because we've purchased a lot from her over the years and she works on commission....Overall, great place.....service is hit or miss.Some general tips.....- Don't bring too much cash.....for your own safety.- It gets very busy on holidays, but if you get there a week or two before a holiday like Christmas or Valentine's Day, you can find some good stuff.- Ask the salesperson if there's anything kept "in the back"......for instance, most good Rolex watches and other collectible time pieces are not out on display.....you might see one or two, but the best stuff is 'hidden".Return Factor - 90%
1	I have been to all of the super pawns in town and this one had the worst customer service. I find it funny how associates are so rude. I may not be dressed super fancy (was in a summer dress) but I do have money to spend! I will not be back to this location.
1	I called every location Super pawn in Las Vegas to see if they had any IPhones.. I was so happy because the representative I spoke to said they had a iPhone 4S.  It was exactly what I wanted and it was AT&T phone that I wanted as well!  So I was extremely happy!  She asked for my name and said she'd hold it till the next morning, I gave her my name and number and said I'd come in asap  and that I wouldn't even wait till the next day.  I drive 20mins out there go in the store with the biggest smile for them to tell me Awe I'm sorry ma'am we literally just SOLD it!!!!  I was just so irritated at the fact that she said she'd hold it and that I said I was coming to the store that same day I spoke to her!!
3	All of the same things I wrote 2 yrs ago still apply here.  Great spot with a great selection of jewelry and watches.  Service is still spotty, but if you happen to be there when Ladera is working, she'll take good care of you.  She's very friendly and knowledgable about the items in the store.  She will also check for you if there's any room for negotiation.  Other than that her, most of the other people who work here are not as friendly.4 Stars for product offering, 2 Stars for spotty service.  Ladera gets a solid 4 Stars.  This is still on my rotation of shops to visit when I'm back in Vegas.Return Factor - 80%
