5	Not only have I been treated well both times I've used this business, but as I waited for my repairs (both were same-day services) I saw the great treatment the other customers were getting as well.I like that they explain things well, are quick and efficient, and do their best to find you the parts you need when you need them at the best price.40+ years in business don't lie!
5	I took my truck to Ron's and the shop was very clean and everyone who worked there was polite and easy to work with. I had read good reviews online and while I was waiting, I spoke with a customer who has been bringing his vehicles here for 15 years. They gave me a very reasonable estimate and fixed the issue quickly. They were also very accommodating to give me a ride to pick-up my truck. Although I hope I don't need a mechanic too often, this is certainly the place I will go. I give them my highest recommendation.
2	I came here based on several good online reviews from various sites, and also from a friend's recommendation.  Hopefully I'm just a singularity, but my experience was not as I hoped.  Twice I showed up to the shop to find no one in the office to help me.  Both times required tracking down a shop tech to get service.  Although I do agree that the people at this business are polite, I'm not sold on their competence or ethics.  While my vehicle was in for service, there was a part damaged in the process which I was not notified of at the time, and I subsequently found out several weeks later when my vehicle failed to perform a previously working function.  I returned to the shop and was received with good attitude and willingness to make the job right.  Unfortunately, once the vehicle returned to the shop for closer inspection/repair, I got a call telling me that my issue was the result of other part failures and not related to the damaged part that I suspected was the root issue.  They offered to fix the part I noted was damaged, but insisted that this was not the issue but rather the other parts that failed. Hesitant to let them do any further work, I picked up the vehicle and performed my own diagnostics only to find that the other parts that were "found to be bad" we indeed okay.  My vehicle was also returned with a dead battery (requiring a jump start to leave the shop), a small dent in the fender next to greasy hand smudges, and greasy hand smudges on the door handles and steering wheel.  I can't say with 100% certainty the dent came from this shop, but given its location and the nature of the service performed, and the level of attention I give my vehicle, I have strong reason to believe so.  While they still offered to fix the damaged part, I do not have confidence in the ability of this shop to complete the work to my satisfaction.An additional part of my reasoning to work with this shop initially was that their rate was substantially less than the dealership.  Unfortunately, I had expectations of similar service, but that was not so.  This is a classic, you get what you pay for lesson.
