1	The one star is for it's convenient location.The -4 stars are for the general incompetence of the staff, both store and pharmacy.  My latest experience with a female associate at the register was less than optimal as she couldn't figure out that if an item cost $2.24, and I have a coupon for $3 off, said item should be free (minus tax). She eventually took $2 off (thus overcharging me) but I'm not going to argue with stupid over $.24.The pharmacy also proves to be less than stellar: I've been given incorrect dosage, incorrect pill amounts (this resulted in a complaint and later investigation with the Nevada board of pharmacy), and incorrect information. I tried to fill a prescription that I later found out was not made in that medium anymore and instead of knowing this, they told me it was "out of stock". I've also had a tech give me such attitude when I asked her to locate a drug at another location that I went to a competitor across the street instead.It would behoove CVS corporate to take this store over and clean house. That said, patients beware.
1	I had to come here twice yesterday and once today. I order holiday greeting cards online a couple days ago to be printed out at this location. I came a few hours after receiving the "your order is ready" email and the associate couldn't find my prints. She didn't bother to check in the computer the first time and just told me that they didn't have them. Ok... So I pulled up my email and showed her that my greeting cards were printed at this location. Then she pulled it up on the computer and it showed they were printed, but she couldn't find them. She had to reprint all of them, so she told me I'd have to come back in an hour. An hour and a half later, my prints were not done. I just left and came back again today. The cards were there (thank goodness).Just for the card situation, I'd give them two stars. The loss of another star goes to their lack of staff on duty. Both days that I went, there was only one cashier and apparently only one person working in the store area (not the pharmacy). When I came yesterday, I had to wait until the lady rung up 5 people before she came over to the photo desk to ask me what I needed. Then I had to wait til' she rung up another 7 to show her my email confirmation. There was also an elderly couple trying to use the photo kiosk to order some prints, but they never used it before, so they needed help and the lady told them, "you're going to have to wait a while before I can assist you with that because I have other customers." Today, the cashier didn't even notice that there were people waiting in the photo department, so after waiting there 5 minutes, I just stood in the long line so I could tell her I was picking up prints. Why is there only one cashier during the holiday season? It's very inconvenient and frustrating, especially if you need some help in the store because you'll have to wait in line just to ask one question. Normally, this CVS is okay, but I have to give them 1 star right now due to the fact that they lost my prints, gave me an inaccurate time frame to come back in, and had only one associate working during holiday season.
3	Review of the Minute Clinic in this CVS:I came to this Minute Clinic because staff at two other CVS stores said this was where I need to go for a shingles vaccination.  They were wrong.  The thing that salvaged my stop here was the great customer service of the woman at the clinic.  She called two other places and got addresses and cost for me.  She was very helpful.Since this isn't in my neighborhood, I can't speak for the store.
1	The minute clinic closed before 2:30 on New Years Eve because they wanted to get out on time. I think that great customer service is taking customers until 2:30 then closing it. I hate that I drove there and wasted my gas to be shut down
5	I've been using this CVS for 3 years now as my pharmacy. I've never had any issues, they're very prompt on when they say they'll have my medications ready and will call in advance to let me know they're out of stock and will need to get my Rx from another location.I love love LOVE the texting option to let you know when your Rx is ready to be picked up and I love the fact they call when an Rx is needed to be refilled.Awesome staff!
1	I hate CVS, their store layouts drive me nuts, that alone keeps me from going back. I know petty. lol
4	Employees are nice and place needs a little bit of organization. The bum outside also needs to hang somewhere else.
1	I honestly would give them zero stars if I could. We dropped off our rx at the pharmacy on Thursday, along with other RXs. The one that we needed the most, has a coupon card that goes along with insurance and makes the rx less expensive. (It's between 80-150 w/out insurance 40 with) the pharmacist behind the counter told us that we couldn't use the coupon card and to come back on Saturday to use it and pick the rest of the rx up. So he filled three strips for us until then. Fast forward to Saturday: I go in to pick up rx and the pharmacist behind the counter tells me it's "too soon" to pick up the prescription. When I asked him why they didn't tell us this on Thursday, he told me he "couldn't speak for the other pharmacist". So now I'm out of my medicine, and the doctors office is closed. Called today to beg them to release at least one strip to get through until my dr office opens and they are being total jerks. They won't give me back my RX so I can take it somewhere else. They keep saying my thing is a controlled substance (and I get why they have to regulate that- but my meds are not able to get anyone high... So it's not like I'm some tweaker) The bottom line is this... If you weren't going to release my medicine to me, let me know when I FIRST DROP OFF MY SCRIPT. not on a Saturday at 6:30 when the pharmacy is about to close and my dr office is closed. CVS: you really dropped the ball on that one. Dicks.
2	Employees are nice and they have those things you need that you don't want to go to a department store for. The liquor selection is cool and there is never really a long line at the pharmacy.I have been there on several occasions and apart each time the prices posted are not the prices you get at the register so be cognizant of that.
2	I'm normally a very nice and encouraging yelper with my reviews but this pharmacy has been pulling my leg all week and I'm over it. I got injured on December 28th and haven't been able to fill my prescription request because the workers I've unfortunately encountered didn't want to put in extra work and verify my requests with workers comp... Finally getting my medicine today after waiting 40 minutes but only after she called my name and still took another costumer before me knowing what I've been through... Yeah definitely don't recommend this place ugh :/
5	I have been going to this CVS for two years now. I have my pharmacy here. The people at the pharmacy are very friendly although they can get very busy and hectic they are still polite and they try to get your order done as soon as possible. Every time I go and they tell me a time when my pills will be ready, it is always done on the dot. The people that work the cash register in the front are very nice as well. They greet you as you come in and when you're ready to check out they are very courteous. It is never really busy here, or at least when I stop by but even when there are plenty of cars parked outside of this location the line goes by fairly fast. They pretty much have everything you need, I get my bag balm here since I have very dry skin and it's 9.99 for a 10oz. can which is a prettty good price since I use it every night. Which one can lasts me about two months. I would rather go here when I need something really quick. Much better than going to Walmart and having to go through a swarm of people just to get what you need. I also get my fake eyelashes here which is a reasonable price and again is a very close location to my house especially if I just ran groceries at Vons or Glazier's marketplace which is right across the street.
1	Every CVS I've been in looks so empty. It's not lively at all. This is just like the rest of them.
1	Hate hate hate going to this pharmacy. Staff constantly blaming anything to avoid responsibility. I ordered my refill on the computer for pickup Monday. Today is Wednesday & despite showing them the order confirmation email they still claim my refill was never ordered. This is just one of many examples. Will drive out of my way to avoid this store.
3	The few times I have had to come here, the staff for the store and the pharmacists have always been courteous and helpful.The pharmacists were able to get my prescriptions filled fast a few hours before surgery, which my doctor forgot to call in. The only complaint I have is that it's almost impossible to get a hold of someone in pharmacy over the phone. It can be irritating when you're in pain. I have always gotten the same cashier in the front and as always, very friendly.
1	So slow!!! Been told that he placed my meds in a RUSH but I've been here for 30mins now and I'm still waiting. Again... SLOW!!!
2	the Pharmacist is rude! I asked him to help me with a supplement selection and he made it seem like I was a HUGE bother and told me to ask someone else. Also, my doctor called in a script and the pharmacist declared that he never did and again was extremely rude. He acts as if he is too busy to be polite and doesn't have any customer courtesy. The rest of the staff is usually helpful and kind.
4	5 stars for the minute clinic.  2 stars for the pharmacy.I went in because I had a sore throat and was seen immediately.  The practitioner's name was Sarah and she was incredibly friendly and helpful.As for the pharmacy, they were definitely really slow and could have been a bit more courteous when speaking with me.I would highly recommend coming here if you're looking for a walk-in clinic.  However, it might be best to get your prescription filled elsewhere when you're done.
