1	Came here for game 4 of the Pens-Capitals game.  Got there at 530 and sat in the back around the TVs.  After 10 minutes, still no service(only 2 tables of people, still early), so we stood up and went to the bar.  The bartender was friendly, but as the place filled up, the staff couldn't remotely keep up.  They were out of glasses at 7:30, so they couldn't honor the 22oz special...bad sign #1.We ordered the "nachos & salsa" for $6.  The description said house-made salsa...  What we got was a small bowl of tortilla chips, and by small I mean 25 chips small, and a 1oz plastic container of clearly-not housemade salsa.  The bartender was so embarassed to serve it she gave us two free beers to make up for it.  My friend ordered a small order of fries(menu said $3.95 for small, $7.95 for large) and got his bill; it rang up at $8.95, and the bartender said it's the only size available in the system.  He got 2 free beers to make up the difference as well...We were sitting close to where the food came out, and they didn't seem to have an effecient way to figure out who got what; a lot of food never got served because they didn't know who it went to, or it sat and got cold while people figured it out.  I don't suggest ordering food here at all.  We decided we had had enough, so we asked for our check after trying to flag someone down for 10 minutes, and promptly got it...25 minutes later.I'll never be back again, and I suggest you don't go if you're expecting a crowd of more than 30 people.  I can't imagine this place lasting for more than a few months, unless they fire whoever is supposed to be running this place...
1	Worst service imaginable. -Had my beer glass (empty) taken away, and not asked if I would like another (which I would have) - simply because the bar had run out of the glasses in which they were serving their $3 special - domestic drafts. -Fries are shoestring potatoes, unless you pay $9 for 'hand cut' (doubt it)-Nachos were a mockery of any nacho, if I've ever seen one. A hungry homeless person would have most likely rejected these even if they were free. There was nothing homemade about the salsa except that they put it in a plastic cup for you. -We were legitimately ignored for at least 15-20 minutes while 4 bartenders struggled hard to serve probably 100 or so people, give or take. I was a bartender. 100 people is not that many. I blame this on several things, not necessarily terrible service staff (although they really didn't handle the situations well) - there is one computer at the bar. You cannot expect 4 bartenders, plus a barback and a "manager" to be ringing drinks and food orders into one computer. The service bar was a cluster as people were ordering from the service bar and she was getting behind on pouring for tables - I would never order a beer at a table, as 3/4 of them that went out were also 3/4 full. Top it off ... the soap in the bathroom was in the industrial packaging (you know, the box with the bag in it, with a tube sticking out) and not in a dispenser, so a girl I didn't know and I had to take turns squeezing it into each other's hands. And it was dirty as sin. Worse than a porta, honestly. Definitely doesn't deserve a second shot.
1	Poor service, 3 people working the bar. Not very busy as Steelers in town and warm day.  Took forever to get a drink.  Came here to watch a Bills football game, pretty much only place to watch them. Advertised special of $3 Coors alum bottles but did not have,  22oz Yuengling drafts $3, charged 4 for a 20 oz in plastic cup and told the signs were "old".  Out of burgers, beef, blue cheese dressing and rolls for chicken subs!  ordered wings and sandwich, no napkins provided and bartenders chatting and off to side so had to grab cocktail napkins. Cold fries. Never asked if everything was ok.
2	What...What...WHAT DID YOU SAY!  Yes, this place is ridiculously loud with the music.  And it wasn't even prime time clubbing time.  Sat outdoors b/c it was so nice outside and it was still early in the night, around 8:00 PM and all of sudden the music comes on and you cannot hear ANYTHING except the bass coming out of the loud speakers with some muffled singing.  They finally turned it down, but by that time we headed inside.  The wait staff isn't super attentive and there was barely anyone there at the time.  The crowd coming in later in the night was a bit questionable.  We were getting to leave anyway.  I don't think I'd recommend this place to anyone or actively try to go here again.
