5	I highly doubt anyone uses Yelp to find a place like this, but figured I'd write them a review because WSP rocks!Anyone in the Phoenix area with a need for any type of specialty fuel...look no further.  Personally I use them to purchase methanol for a water/meth injection kit I have in my car, and their prices are literally the lowest I've seen in the country for methanol.  Paid $3.49/gal today.  In addition to methanol, they sell every type of fuel, oil, lubricant you can imagine.  Race fuel, AvGas, E85.....etcAnd different from lots of other industrial-type places, everyone that works here is incredibly helpful and nice.
1	I went to fill up my Nissan Frontier with gas, after finding out a week previously that they had the lowest price on gasbuddy.com. I went in to the office and asked the lady where to fuel up at. She said that a guy will come out to do this for me. She asked me if I wanted unleaded, to which I replied, "Yes." She then placed an announcement on loud speaker which I wasn't paying attention to. I drove over to the pumps where I was met by a guy. When I found out the price was a lot higher than expected, I told him to only put in 5 gallons. He gave me a receipt which I took in to the office. She was surprised that it read E85 and asked the guy to confirm. It was E85!!! The guy who fueled up said they could clean out my tank. When I asked how this could have happened, a manger came out, David Kec. He told me they would give me 5 gallons of unleaded to dilute the E85 and that I shouldn't have any problems with my vehicle. Whilst they did this I did some research on google, this could potentially ruin my fuel injector system!!! I went back in to get a copy of the E85 receipt and when I asked them to write on the receipt that they put it into my truck's tank accidentally, Mr. Kec came out again. Mr. Kec told me they were not willing to do this and said that the guy who fueled my truck said I asked for E85! What a liar!!!! The guy who fueled up my truck actually admitted that he didn't ask me what gas to input, and said that Chris (whoever that is) told him to put in E85. Mr Kec needs to go back to customer service school. I can only assume that Chris was the girl at the front desk asked for E85 on the loud speaker or the guy fueling didn't hear the announcement correctly. I told Mr. Kec, they need to improve on their communication skills. Mr. Kec also should have had my truck's tank siphoned out. Why would I ask for E85 when I know damn well that I drive a standard truck with a standard fuel tank?! It's also more expensive than unleaded. I didn't even know until today what E85 was!
5	Sarah U...U must be some kind of dumbass because WSP is NOT a gas station.  In fact, the only fuel they will put INTO a vehicle is biodiesel and E85.  THATS IT!! It certainly isnt their fault that YOU pull up to an E85 pump and they pump E85 into your truck. THAT IS WHAT THEY DO. Take responsibility for your own screw up lady.
1	Dave S can kiss my heini .. I called them to ask if they fuel up regular unleaded gas before going down there and they said yes. They need to inform their customers correctly and label their tanks in addition so it's obvious what they are actually putting into your vehicle. By the way Dave, they put UNLEADED REGULAR fuel (not biofuel) in my tank to dilute the E85 (duh) after they realized they made the mistake. My service engine light has now come on thanks to these idiots.You obviously work there Dave. Get your facts right.
5	This place is great!  I first came here to fuel up my old Mercedes on B99.  Even though I live in East Mesa, I would attempt to get there as often as possible, as they are the only place in the valley that will pump B99.  The staff is always friendly and helpful.  The only complaint I have is that their hours make it difficult for me to get fuel.  I understand this, however, as most of their business is from bulk specialty fuel sales, not B99 fill ups.  In response to Sara U, you really have nothing to worry about for getting 5 gallons of E85.  Your car is already running on 5-10% ethanol every time you fill up with unleaded.  I wouldn't do it on a regular basis, but it is not like you put diesel in a gas vehicle or vise versa.   Just fill up with regular unleaded, then have somebody clear your check engine light for you.  It will probably throw a code about the O2 sensor, not because it is broken, but because the oxygen content of the E85 is higher.  It shouldn't come back on.  And no, I don't work there.  I'm just a scientist who knows a thing or two about fuel!
