4	Is Saint Rose Parkway a scenic route? The multi-use paved trail that parallels the northeast bound side of the highway is without doubt a scenic route.  The City of Henderson promotes itself as Play City USA. In my book the City of Henderson is Trail City USA. The City of Henderson is building trails faster than a casino changes ownership. Recently they built The St. Rose Parkway Trail. It is so freshly paved that it has the new pavement smell. This very trail is more than freshly poured pavement. The City went all out on this trail. Throughout the trail there are informative kiosks that explain the adjacent habitat and wildlife. Contrary to what I believed, there is wildlife alongside St. Rose Parkway that includes owls, roadrunners, and coyotes. The City has made this a dog friendly trail with several dog scoop stations. The City has also made this a welcoming trail. Benches and shelters are placed throughout the trail. The City went the extra mile with decorations. My favorite is the owl and squirrel statues nearer The M (I included a picture).   The St. Rose Parkway Trail is parallel to the majority of St. Rose Parkway, which runs from The M Hotel and Casino to Paseo Verde Parkway (where it develops into the Paseo Verde Trail). The topography is mostly flat, which makes this an easy trail for cycling and hiking.  Two Saturdays ago, I made the St. Rose Parkway Trail my weekend outdoor adventure. I hiked it between the Hampton Inn/ Starbucks near Seven Hills Parkway and The M/ Jack In The Box. Two trailheads that replenished my thirst. In my point of view, the northeast bound hike is more scenic than the southwest bound hike. Hiking southwest bound, the subliminal message is ,"When will I get to the M?"  Hiking northeast bound, there is more scenic vistas. The vistas of Black Mountain towering over the open spaces of Henderson Airport is spectacular. The airplanes landing at Henderson Airport added to the enjoyment of the hike. Throughout the trail there are pockets of mini ecosystems.  I have to bring up some constructive criticism. First, the City of Henderson ought to follow the example of Clark County and City of Las Vegas of carrying trails over major highways. I strongly feel that it is necessary to build a bridge to carry the St. Rose Parkway Trail over Eastern Avenue (and even St. Rose Parkway while their at it). There is a bridge across St. Rose Parkway connecting the St. Rose Parkway Trail to Cactus Wren Dog Park. A bridge carrying the St. Rose Parkway Trail across Eastern is just as necessary. Second I feel that surveillance cameras are necessary in the vicinity of the kiosks, shelters, and the owl and squirrel statues. It's not if a mean spirited person or group of mean spirited people will vandalize parts of the trail. Its when. Boulder City is using 24 surveillance cameras at Hemenway Valley Park, and it seems to be a deterrent.  I hiked a good portion of the St. Rose Parkway Trail. It is uncertain if I will hike the remainder of it in the near future. What is certain is when I drive on St. Rose Parkway I have a new appreciation for the landscape.
5	I love this trail that runs parallel to St. Rose Parkway, just as the name says.  Whether you're on foot or on a bike, it's nice to avoid all the cars that speed along and have the paved trail just for you.  My friends and I usually hop on at Eastern and ride up to just before the M Casino, where the trail ends and then we get on the streets to ride into Southern Highlands.  There are always runners, walkers, and other cyclists taking advantage of the trail, with its cool decorative sculptures along the way.  Highly recommended!
4	Rode this trail as part of the Discover our Trails Scavenger Hunt taking place in the city of Henderson the entire month of May 2013. I never knew this trail existed until yesterday. It's a pretty fun trail to bike, but I don't think I will be biking it as frequent as Pittman Wash Trail. Nice and scenic to the south with the mountains and residences but to the north, nothing but busy traffic.This trail is definitely a cardio challenge, as I huffed and puffed traveling back west toward my car. The only bad thing I can say about it is that you have to park in a dirt lot and I'm not exactly sure if that is allowed, if you don't live close enough to bike here from your home. Otherwise you're parking at The M or elsewhere before pulling your bike from your car.Nice straight and narrow trail otherwise.
3	Husband and I walked this trail with our dogs this morning around 7:30 AM. It started out coolish warm for a Vegas day, but as we walked it definitely got warmer.This trail is part of a section of trails in Henderson. It runs the length of St. Rose Parkway from The M to Eastern, I believe. My husband and I did not make it that far. Our black lab was seriously hating the heat by the time we got to mile marker 2. He was running for what little shade could afford him. Luckily we brought plenty of water for us and the dogs because although there are poop-bag stations there are no water stations/bathrooms along the way. At least not in the part we walked.Although I like the trail being paved, it's best for cyclists and not really just walkers with their dogs. It's kind of boring, you get a really great view of the cars on St. Rose, but not much else. I mean the mountains to the right and the Henderson Airport are kind of cool to check out, but it is from a very, very far distance. As for a walking trail I'm gonna say A-OK for this one. It would definitely be better had I been on my bike. If I had been biking this one it would have probably been a 4-star. BUT since the trail SEEMS to try and be walker/dog friendly I gotta rate it equally fair for both and that's why I gotta go with just the three stars.
5	I run this every morning, love it. It's clean, safe, and dog friendly. I love the mile markers.
4	My main goal today was to ride this trail.  When I'be been in the area, I've seen the trail and I thought I'd bring my bike and park in the M Resort's garage and then bike the trail.  Instead, I changed my plans and biked two other trails to reach this trail.I rode from Seven Hills Drive west to the trailhead and then rode it back to the Cactus Wren Park and then to the Cactus Wren Trail for the way back to my parked car.This trail is really nicely done!  There are interpretive markers showing the animals of the desert you might see along the trail.  There are also a number of sculptures with these animals.  There are several streets that go off to the south, but since this area is not growing right now, you can easily cross those streets with ease.  I agree with the other posters that there should be some kind of bridge over Eastern Avenue.  Although I didn't have any trouble crossing, I used the crossing lights and I was alert to drivers as I did.  I must say I saw several very courteous drivers who held back on their right turns to let me cross.One things Henderson needs to do is mark the trails better.  Periodically there's a map of the trails near one of the entrances.  They use a color code which is often misleading because there are shades of the same color and it makes it difficult to distinguish one trail from the next.This is an ideal walk or ride for a family.  I saw many out today enjoying the warm November weather and the day off from school.
5	Awesome trail. Paved, wide enough for bikes, follows a major thoroughfare, bridge crossing, not too many traffic lights. Also it connects in with the 215 trail, paseo verde trail, cactus wren park trail, and probably others. This path has it all. It's my go to for bike rides, both by myself and with the fam. Love seeing so many other people out there with dogs, walking, running, and riding, too!
