2	I have been wanting to try this place out ever since I saw activity for a long time in the building next the Flower Shop and Rentertainment. They did a nice job with the decor and they have A TON of televisions. One at each table in fact! There are so many televisions that it may be difficult to avoid watching whatever is on. Therefore, this is a better group or solo place, not good for a date (especially if you have a tendency to be distracted by basketball games).The service must of had an off-night because our beer was delayed and they gave us the wrong salad dressing. The server was courteous and apologized for the problems. It must have been exception because everyone else seemed to have better service.The food: I tried the new york, hand tossed pepperoni pizza and the house salad with italian dressing; both orders came promptly. I was not too wild about the salad because it was nothing special (lettuce, tomato, cheese, carrot, etc.). The best part of the pizza here was the crust and everything else could have been better. The sauce was quite sweet (it is not my kind of thing) and the cheese was sub-par. I still think Antonio's and Dell's and Rosati's are superior but I would go here over any of the pizza chains. Keep in mind I did not try the deep dish or thin crust so someone else will have to fill us in. Also, there are other sauce options too.Overall, I had an okay experience but I truly have experienced better. I will probably come back if I want to watch a game and not hit up the busier places (like watching the Gonzaga game when everyone else wants to watch something else) because maybe I could divert one of those many TVs to something I want to watch!
3	I went with a group at lunch and we ordered pizzas. We were the first people in the restaurant. Our waitress was attentive without being oppressive. I thought the pizzas were quite good and we didn't have to wait too long to get them. The place seemed clean (although I didn't check out the bathrooms, but I would imagine they should be ok at this point in the lifecycle of the restaurant). My (minor) quibbles were there were too many TVs and at least on this day they were having some kind of problem with their DirecTV signal and it was really distracting. Also, it seemed really chilly in the restaurant. Maybe they had the thermostat set for the ideal temperature when the place is packed with patrons and the ovens are cranked way up, but it was too cold at 11:30.
2	Ok, let me start this review with one positive note.  The food is generally really good.  I actually like the pizza a lot (had both the thin crust and new york style), and the other dishes are good too.  Now though, this is generally speaking, the kitchen staff is generally a mess and food comes out poor sometimes when certain people make it.   The food tends to be inconsistent to say the least.  It almost seems like there is no set recipe for the food, based on how it tends to come out with different variations each time I order.  (examples:  small pizza one day with lots of sauce, another day with a three cheese mix, another day with hardly any sauce and a lot more crust than usual... etc etc)That will be my last bit of praise though for this place.  The servers are pretty good, but the kitchen is a mess.  There have been several times where I went in for lunch, there was only two or three tables full, and small pizzas ended up taking 45 minutes to come out.  That's just ridiculous when the restaurant is empty.  It consistently seems to take too long for food to come out, and it's inexuseableLastly, and most importantly, the manager Dave is a total creep.  He flirts inappropriately with his female servers and guests alike.  Every time I see him, he is chatting up some young college girls, pummeling them with over the line "compliments".   I don't know how he is a manager since this is literally all I see him doing.  I hate going there just because this guy is such a total sleazebag, and treats his female employees and guests like objects.  (and that's putting his actions nicely...)  MAYBE... If he spent as much time MANAGING as he does "managing (aka oogling and hitting on girls)", this place would have better reviews.  He probably never even knows what is happening in the kitchen or restaurant though because he ignores his job in favor of trying to be a college frat guy all over again....Overall, the food is good, but it takes way too long to come out, and I can not condone the manager's actions at all.  It's quite disgusting, and even more so disturbing since he does it openly.  I can't support a business ran by someone like that.  Get some new management that is responsible and can actually run a store, and you will probably see the reviews on here increase since the food is good.
4	I give it 4 stars for having gluten-free pizza crust!
2	Eh.  I wanted to eat some pizza and I figured I would try some place other than the chains on campus.  I stumbled across a 50% off on Thursday deal on EatCu and decided it was worth giving a shot.  I ordered a large deep dish Firestation Supreme.  I eagerly awaited my food and an hour passed with nothing.  I figured they would be busy seeing that pizzas are 50% off on Thursdays and decided I would wait another 30 minutes.  An hour and a half passes by and I give them a call.  The man on the phone tells me that it'll be delivered soon.  So I wait again.  Two hours pass, and as I'm calling them again, the delivery guy shows up at my door.  First thing I noticed was that the pizza was lukewarm by this point.  Then I noticed it wasn't the type of deep dish I was expecting.  I was expecting a Chicago-Style deep dish, but instead it was just pizza with a thicker crust.  My fault there for assuming it would Chicago-Style.  That being said, it wasn't as good as I expected it to be.  Maybe it was just the long wait that marred the experience, but I was left wanting something more.  I'll be willing to give them another shot in the future.  Worth it if you get the 50% off deal, otherwise I would stick to other places.
1	The only reason I would give this place two stars is because the food is sometimes tasty. Unfortunately, nothing will make up for the awful service and painstakingly long time it takes to get a few simple dishes out. I went in with a party of four for lunch and it was relatively busy but we got seated right away. Our waitress basically was there for the beginning and disappeared until she brought us our food, and then proceeded to disappear for a LONG time when we were waiting for the bill. I wouldn't really put the blame completely on her, but rather the poor management of this place. They even got one of the orders wrong, but honestly it wasn't worth complaining for and waiting another 2 hours for a sub-par dish.The only time I recommend this place is at night with either a large group that books half the place, or if you want to spend most of your time at the bar and are too drunk to realize you've been waiting for your garlic cheese bread for over an hour.
2	While not unforgivably unpleasant, my visit to Fire Station was still pretty dysfunctional.  As an example, when my friend picked up our table's parmesan bottle by the lid, the bottom half of the jar fell off and spilled cheese everywhere (obviously the lid was not screwed on).  Given its location on campus, I couldn't be sure whether this was the restaurant's fault (i.e., sloppy server didn't screw on the top properly) or if some jerk frat guy left it as a prank for the next customer.  I wouldn't cut a restaurant's rating down for such a trivial thing, but things got more...weird...as dinner progressed.My friends and I ordered a few glasses of wine to go along with our meal.  When the drinks came out, it turned out that they only had 2 wine glasses, and the third drink had to be served in a tumbler.  I looked around the restaurant; only 2 other tables were occupied at this point, so I was left to wonder if they only had 2 wine glasses in the entire restaurant...?  (I know that campus bars are the least likely places for customers to order wine, but I'm not sure why it would be offered if the bar wasn't prepared to serve it.)We also ordered small side salads as an appetizer.  The salad we received consisted of 1/2 a cup of shredded iceberg lettuce (the type of lettuce you'd use to top a taco) and 1/2 a cup of shredded cheese.  I have never had a salad that was so disproportionate in its lettuce-to-cheese ratio (shouldn't the salad be mostly vegetables?).  To add insult to injury, the salad cost around $3, which is cheap for most places, but a bit extreme for what we received.  Unfortunately, I think the $1 side salads at McDonald's are superior in terms of quality.Finally, our entrees arrived.  My friends ordered a gluten-free pizza to share and I had the calzone.  After the first few problems, I was a bit wary of the food, but luckily my calzone turned out to be delicious.  Nicely browned with a cheesy crust on the outside and filled with lots of goodies inside.  Also, it was extremely generous for the price (around $6, I think).  My friends liked their gluten-free pizza.    However, when they tried to order pizzas in other sizes (besides medium) and asked if other items (like the calzone) could be made with the gluten-free dough, they were told no.  Obviously, the crust was probably some frozen, pre-ordered thing and not made fresh in-houseHonestly, I have a hard time seeing this place succeed given the competitiveness of food places around campus.  I'm sure that their primary customer base (undergrads) probably don't care about things like weird missing wine glasses and cheese salads, but this place tries to present itself as a little classier than the usual booze hangout for underage kids.  Unfortunately, it even fails to rise to the level of many of the booze hangouts.
2	I wanted to try a new place for delivery and my daughter wanted pizza.  This place has half price pizzas on EatCU on Thursdays, so I figured I'd give it a shot.  I really should have read the reviews before I ordered!I ordered a small margherita pizza, a side of potato skins, and an order of french fries.  It took slightly under an hour to be delivered.  I do not think that the delivery guy smiled at all during our exchange, which is odd considering the amount of tip they get from me.  So, points off there for less than what I expect for customer service.Now I realize that fries don't always arrive hot since they cool quickly, but these fries were not just cool, but they were also very soggy.  I actually like soft fries, but this was too much.  The potato skins were pretty good, but they were also quite lukewarm.  I would have liked to see some green onions on them, but they didn't skimp on cheese and included an adequate portion of sour cream.The pizza was blackened around the edges, cut in a very sloppy way, and rather cold by the time I got it.  I liked the overall flavor where it wasn't burnt, but it would have tasted much, much better hot.I might be willing to try picking up my own food if I try them again, but based on the delivery experience, probably not.  I paid $20 including tip, so it wasn't outrageous even though I basically had to throw away the fries.I have had much better luck with Rosati's or Manolo's, so I'll probably stick with them.  I'm giving them two stars mostly because they are on campus and probably don't get enough bad feedback from drunken college students looking for late-night grub. They'd get a one from me in any other situation.
1	Just took delivery of an order of ( jumbo?) wings that I saw on special. I was told that it would take 45 to an hour...way off.luke warm food,the guy on the phone seemed lost and I was overcharged. Not going to bother calling back because the only thing that was ok we're the breadsticks.Better step it up soon folks! This is a pizza lovin town.
1	I got suckered in by the 50% special on Thursdays, so I ordered a veggie supreme for delivery. An hour and a half later, I called to find out where my pizza was and only got voicemail. The delivery guy called back to say they'd dropped my pizza or something, he wasn't really sure, and they were making another one. When the pizza finally arrived (cold and burnt on the edges), it had pepperoni on it. Not my veggie supreme. An hour later (three and a half hours after the original order), I finally got my pizza. Which was tasty, but not tasty enough for me to ever order from Fire Station again.
