3	Chili's.  I haven't been in one for years, but on a recent trip through the Charlotte airport- I stopped in to have some lunch and to grab a cold beer.The service was efficient, although not particularly friendly but the food came up quickly so I was able to make my connecting flight easily.  I had to laugh when the server asked me for ID before she would bring me a beer.  Must be their policy as a guy that was obviously older than me at the next table was also asked.  I decided the drinking age must be 50 in North Carolina! (kidding)The food was okay.  Their namesake chili was bland and lacked anything remotely interesting in it but it was hot and filling.  And know to ask when they say, "the beer is in a bottle" what kind of a bottle they are talking about.  I thought I was going to get my fav beer in a glass bottle, but what I ended up with was a wide mouth aluminum bottle.  Not my favorite.But all in all- still probably one of the better choices in this airport.  And my lunch didn't cost an arm and a leg.And the treat for me?  Given it was the holiday season- there was a piano player nearby playing with abandon beautiful music.  Made me almost forget for a minute that I was stuck in an airport.
3	The food is your standard, crappy Chili's food. However, as far as airport Chili's (and even regular Chili's) go, the staff here was the nicest and most efficient I've ever encountered. (Note: No alcohol is served anywhere in the Char airport before noon on Sundays.)
2	Well, what can I say....it's Chili's. I ordered a house salad and cup of enchilada soup. Both were average in taste. The soup could have use a bit more zing, but  I can't seem to pinpoint the missing ingredient. My friend and I were sitting on the edge, near the fence. A stranger just randomly decided to drop his luggage right next to us, walk to the host's stand, and left. This un-nerved me, especially traveling around 9/11 (was there on Monday, 9/10/12). I alerted a waiter passing by (not ours), and he nodded. About five minutes later, the waiter didn't come to our table to address the situation; he had disappeared. Finally I went to the host stand to inform them of the luggage drop. The host and hostess came to inspect, asked what direction the guy took and what he looked like (told them he looked homeless), and stood next to us looking around the airport. After looking around the airport for a guy they wouldn't even recognize (which is of no use), they went back to their stand. The guy eventually showed up and collected his luggage. However, given that this restaurant is in an airport, it seems staff need to be trained as to what to do when such a complaint is brought to them. The guy had left his luggage for about 15-20 minutes. That's plenty of time for something very bad, God forbid, to happen!
3	What's to say here?  It's another Chili's.  What you get here is the consistency of a nationwide menu so that's a good thing and something you can bank on when in need of a quick meal.That was the case for me, traveling in and out of the airport for the last few weeks I don't like to mess around too much with meal options and I don't have time to make a bad choice.  Chili's is the answer for me.I sat at the bar and the service was prompt.  The salad I had came out quick and it was nothing less than fresh and plentiful.  Can't really hate on any of that, it just doesn't leave you with a "wow" feeling, nor should it really.
4	I am a big chilis fan so naturally I had to eat here during my 3 hour layover in Charlotte. I was served by Victoria who was prompt and friendly; the service was quite good despite the place being packed. I recommend steak fajitas, one of the better entrees.
4	We have eaten here several times on family trips. Not only has the food always been well prepared, but the service has always been fast and very friendly. It is standard Chili's fare and a little overpriced, but okay for an airport. I highly recommend if you want a sit down meal at CLT airport.
4	Comfort food at normal off airport prices.  Leanne took good cate of us and kept our drinks filled. The food came fast and tasted good although the portion size seemed a little smaller than off airport. Overall good food at a good value.
1	If you want to get your travel off to a bad start, then eat at this Chili's. The hostess didn't act like she cared if you came into their establishment, which must be a management issue as the same attitude was carried out by the waitresses. Food was the average Chili fare.
3	Food comes out fast (key for an airport) and service is usually decent. Limited menu to increase the speed. Not the best but usually stop by for meal before hopping a flight.
2	My family and I were quite disappointed with our meal at this Chili's, located in the Charlotte airport. We were starving and had a lengthy lay-over here, so in we came. Despite half the tables being unoccupied when we arrived, the hostess still sat us at the rear of the restaurant, by the bar. The table was tall, with high bar stools and a ceiling vent right overhead, blowing out freezing cold air. We were shivering. And although the table looked clean, there was a sticky, tacky clear syrup all over the table. I only discovered this when I picked up my napkin and my hand became sticky. We called the waiter over, who then sent someone else to wipe down the entire table.And the food was really sub-par. I ordered a breakfast dish with hash browns, but no spicy spices in the potatoes (the waiter said no problem, they could do this). When our orders all came out later (after a fairly long wait), my hash browns did have the spices on it. Something wasn't right with my hubby's order (although I forget what the issue was). And the prices were really high, for breakfast dishes. In retrospect, we definitely would have gotten our breakfast at the bagel shop further down in the terminal. And I have to mention the coffee: it was horrible. Neither my husband or my teen kids would have it. We all thought it was really bad (and my kids LOVE coffee, especially because we rarely let them drink it). Even they passed on the coffee, after sampling a sip. That alone speaks volumes. It took a while to get our check, too, despite the place being half empty.A disappointment, all around. But at least the place was clean.
4	I never thought I would be giving a review on a restaurant in the airport. But I must give acknowledgement to the great service and food at Chili's Bar & Grill at the Charlotte Airport. I has a simple turkey sandwich, fries and my Arnold Palmer and it was absolutely delicious. The server was very attentive and timely. This will be my restaurant of choice when I have a layover in Charlotte.
2	Our server was so slow, good thing we had a long layover. Server brought wrong drink and my fiance ordered an appetizer as his meal which came out before my salad.  Other servers looked like they had it together though.   At least the food was better than the stock car cafes looked.
4	I always look forward to stopping here for breakfast on my way to and from Daytona Beach.  I always get a seat quickly, the servers are always pleasant and professional and the breakfast is always good and filling and not a bad price for airports whose businesses often grossly overcharge for everything available for sale.
4	This Chili's understands that people are in a rush, but want to eat something better than an overpriced premade turkey sandwich. They are quick, friendly and the food is the same quality you would get at any other Chili's. If I'm not in a full out sprint for my connecting flight, I'm stopping here when I'm in Charlotte.
1	This Chili's, to put it nicely, is a crap hole. The last time I was here, which was a few years ago, it was okay. Nothing special. But this Chili's is dirty and old.The place is super grimy and dirty, which doesn't make sense because there were two people consistently "cleaning". Sweeping...making rounds.The three of us were shoved into a tiny table not meant for three people...They had plenty of seating. They were out of children's menus and the grown up menus were falling apart. And there's a very limited Chili's menu. This is not like a regular full menued Chili's.My salad was disgusting. How hard is it to make a salad? It was old salad mix and old chicken that had obviously been sitting under a heat lamp for some time. And my son's corn dog was burnt.Steer clear!
