5	Might have just been luck that I came in the afternoon with nobody in! I called in first, I was nervous on the phone cause I had a lame dilemma, and asked her that I had been going to this beauty salon back in S. California since I was a kid and I never knew what my hair was all about. It's one of things where you never think your going to move out of your city and you will have a person for everything. I explained to her that the woman who would cut my hair would call it a, "Normal Hair Cut", but yeah that's not so detailed in description anything can seem normal.  So I go in and told her I was the guy on the phone and explained to her that I remember how she would handle my hair and which way she would comb it and grab it. So I had that going for me lol. One I told her she used to use a 4, or a 3 on the back and the sides, and somewhat made a fade look on the sides and used scissors on top she understood, or had an idea what I was talking about. What helped to was that she had old style hair cuts to compare too. So I think that wrapped up our theory.  So we sat down she cut it with a 4 first to see how it would look I already felt things were going well for me in just the way she started to cut it. She sure knew her cosmologist lingo. I came out learning things that I never even know and knowing me all the small detailed stuff always sticks to me... great haha. She was very nice and knowledgeable from the basics of what a hair cut is. I noticed things on my head that I never payed attention before. I just hope I don't turn into a, "special person" when I go to get another hair cut. Thing that was weird for me was that she washed my hair after the hair cut. I was bedazzled... I'm like, "huh?" She explained to me that some people during there lunch breaks go in to have a hair cut before there shift ends.  I completely forgot that business men and other professionals, come in and have that done. I thought that was a trend that ended years ago in America. I feel like doing that now. All in all I now have the recipe for my hair cut and don't feel my hair will be in danger anymore. I would call up other places and they wouldn't even try to understand me, it's a simple Mens hair cut! nothing fancy! Went to a barber before this place, but scared the living crap out of me!
5	Andi is so funny. We hit it off right away! I will return again. Prices are super reasonable and the staff act like family but in a fun way.
5	everyone there is very nice!!! Kerry J. does an amazing job, see you in 4 weeks chick =]
