5	Still the same Barro's I loved in Mesa.  This one was big, and had a lot of tables.  It was very busy, which is not a surprise.  The only flaw I saw in the whole place is that the soda machine is past the cash registers.  So people paying/picking up and people going to refill drinks keep crossing paths.  A place that busy, it was kind of annoying.  Pizza was as good as I expected.
4	great pizza, great atmosphere.
5	Always the same great food and drinks.  Been going to Barros pizza since the late 80's. still the best pizza and wings available
2	Good prices and pizza but this place is so understaffed for the lunch time rush the line goes out the door. There is only one girl working and one dude cooking. Place is filthy with dirty plates on every table. Its gotta suck to work here.
3	Ordered the chicken supreme thin crust and it was okay. It didn't really look like thin crust and it was kind of soggy. They do put a lot of topping on it, but I would have rather gotten the thin crust at dominos.
5	One of my favorite pizza places. I always get a pepperoni and pineapple pizza with ranch on the side. It's awesome. Always friendly staff too!
5	Far better pizza than any other around.  For the same price as the Paps John's and Domino's too.
5	What happened? Ever since the move it's been downhill. 1 girl working the register., and 1 cook in back. They have a line out the door, but severly understaffed to handle it. The pizza is still good, but good luck finding a clean table to eat it on.
1	Tables are always dirty and sticky, pizza is good but hit or miss most of the time. To much inconsistency to come back. I'd rather eat costco where I know it will be good every time. Looks like this place used to be better.
5	Have eaten here or ordered from here religiouslyPlace is consistently good. 24 bone in or bone out wings deal with an XL 1 topping pizza is a quick and delicious meal for you and your pals! I have gotten their medium one topping only $9.48 +tax which is perfect for just the two of us, its always hot, delicious, a bit greasy(which makes it good) and has the best cheese, to bread, to meat, to crust ratio out of any pizza I have had. By far this place is great for a quick slice, a meal, or for some party food while the game is on.
4	I've always loved Barro's pizza but I hardly ever order it because I know if I did I would eat all of it in one sitting (one of the downsides/perks to living alone).  Then one day one of my coworkers brought in a little box and said they have lunch specials where you can get just a slice!  I decided to check it out on my lunch a few days later.  Unfortunately they stop serving the pizza by the slice at 3:00 and I got there around 4 so I decided since I was there I might as well just get a small pizza and then share with my coworkers.  The wait for it wasn't too long, about 10-15 minutes and I think it was only around $7 or so.  About the same as you'd pay for a lunch anywhere else.  It was hot, cheesy, melty, gooey, and delicious.  I still want to try to get there for a slice one of these days but I mean really any form Barro's pizza comes in you know it's going to be delicious.
1	The cheese pizza was so salty it was inedible. I have to think something has changed or the accidentally dropped the salt shaker on this one. Please check the sodium content on your ingredients Barro's. I hope your reading your reviews and taking this stuff to heart. We have loved supporting this business for the last 10 years+.
5	Look, it's by no means "chicago-style" pizza, but hey, it's excellent pizza. They get all the ingredients right, resulting in a damn good slice. And $4.50 for two slices is excellent. Never a wait, interesting toppings for the walk up slices. Great place to stop in for a slice, 5 stars
3	Loved Barros old recipe. Sauce and crust is different. Staff very nice every time. Just so much crust.
1	This place is always so dirty and grimy, been there twice and will not be back.  Customer service is horrible!!!
5	Everything we had was delicious! (See pics) We're from out of town & found this place through Yelp, of course. It was as good as everybody said. I'm glad we stopped here. We'll probably stop here again when we're in town.
5	Best pizza in town!  Crust is fab!  Service is outstanding...highly recommend Barro's Pizza!!  Plus Coke...love it!!
1	Its possible I may vomit tonight. I just ate a slice of Barro pizza and it was HORRIBLE. I then ate a few disgusting wings and waaa laaa I want to puke. So listen up. You want the worst pizza on earth followed with the wings made probably from bats? Order here.I warned you so if you die your family can say that you were just an ignorant fool to eat here. Try the hawaiian pizza. It gets delivered ice cold and soggy to the point you think its stuffing.
1	The worst pizza I have ever had. I ordered delivery for my friends and I the pizza shows up over 30 minutes after an initial wait time of 1 hour... So it took 1.5 hours. The pizza was soggy and greasy, the wings were hard and fatty.Honestly it sucked and I feel like I got ripped off - not to mention all the apologies and feeling like a horrible host to my friends. I called back and explained, but they seemed like high school phone girls who don't understand I can care less about getting a discount on my next purchase because I'm not going to order this EVER again. Personally I thought it would be a step up from dominos but I was proved wrong.. Now I know 2 pizza places that deliver to my house and suck.I've had celery before, but celery in a plain brown bag ( with no container just a dirty ragged brown bag) is a first for me. As much as this placed made me nauseated and they can't take the horrid taste out of my mouth they did reach a new low for me in terms of pizza/service.
5	Me and husband went in tonight (our first time)  and the young lady at the counter was soooo friendly. He attitude was amazing. We ordered pizza and wings which both were really good. Came out fast. I needed a few extra things such as ranch and hot peppers she was really friendly ( I've been to other places where they get annoyed if you ask for other things) she had no problem getting them for me. I would definitely come back.
5	I order pizza and wings here normally on Mondays. It's just my Monday thing. I really should start cooking more, but you know how it goes. You get home from work, you suffered all day from the Mondays. The last thing you want to do is cook. I always call in our order and just swing by and pick it up. The Barro's Special is really really good. I'd say that's my favorite, but my kids don't like all that extra jazz, so for them, I just order the pepperoni. Do yourself a favor and not cook. Just call them and pick up a pizza. If that's too much, they deliver too!
2	This place drives me nuts.  The staff is so blase about their job and service.Twice the have not honored the prices advertised on their menu.  First time was for specials on a separate board.  I was told it was passed time.  Okay, fine even though nothing states that.  Next time they charged me almost double what the menu listed as the price for beer.  When I questioned it I was told the prices had changed.  Um, don't you have to change the menu on the wall then to reflect that?  Have had the pizza, gluten free pizza, wings and ravioli.  They are all fine.The cheese garlic bread and cookie dessert are my favorite menu items though.I do like that they let any age order off the kids menu if you want a smaller meal with a drink.
