5	Best Mexican  food in Charlotte!
5	Las Rositas Mexican buffet is the best thing in Charlotte since the Panthers drafted Cam Newton. Traditional Mexican style dishes.Beef, pork and chicken Mexican dishes. Beef and pork soups. Salad and fruit bar. Buffet includes choice of corn and flour tortillas. In the weekends Las Rositas adds seafood to the buffet and Menudo. $6.99 during the week and $8.99 on the weekends. Closed on Mon. Que viva Mexico!
2	I was so excited to try this place out but left underwhelmed. The "buffet" simply consisted of a salad/dessert bar and another with only about 6-8 trays. Most of the trays were either soups or stews that were described in Spanish and hard for my S.O. and I to understand. No chips and salsa, tacos, quesadillas, etc. here for those of you craving more Americanized fare.That said, the vegetables/salad were extremely fresh, the BBQ chicken I had was very tender -- I chopped some of it up and wrapped them in some flour tortillas brought to the table -- and the dessert options (Churros! Caramel Flan!) were great. Also worth mentioning was the service was very attentive with drink refills and any other requests.I would be willing to try this place out (and re-review) again in the future. They simply need to broaden their buffet menu some more and offer translations for the non-fluent crowd!
2	I went here solo for lunch today for the buffet advertised on the sign out front. I walked in and didn't see any buffet, but thought maybe it was in the back somewhere I couldn't see. The waitress sat me and tried to ask me (I think) if I wanted to order from the menu or if I wanted the buffet - so yes! there is a buffet. I told her I would have the buffet, and then she started pointing to things on the menu and telling me this and this are the buffet. I thought she was just letting me know what the buffet consisted of but then finally I when she kept pointing to them again I figured out she wanted to know which one I wanted, so I told her no buffet and pointed to bistec steak.I guess to them buffet means all you can eat on a dish? I'm not sure. I saw the pics of a real  buffet someone else posted and I can see from the pics that it was where I sat, so definitely no buffet.The food was good, and the plate was huge. However, the menu price of my dish was 11.99- not really what I wanted to spend for a mexican lunch entree. With my 1 glass of coke and tax, it came to 15. I gave a 20 and got a 5 back, which kind of irritated me. I only had 2 singles in my wallet, which I almost exchanged the 5 for because I thought she probably gave me the 5 on purpose to get a bigger tip, which ended up working. She really did work hard to try to communicate with me, so I thought she deserved more than 2 dollars and begrudgingly left the 5.Language was definitely an issue. I usually love going to restaurants where english is not spoken, and I knew going in here that it probably wouldn't be. I think if there had been a buffet, or if I had gone in not expecting a buffet, the language barrier wouldn't have been an issue.I would bump up the rating to 3 stars if you are going knowing there is no buffet, and intend to split the meal with another person for lunch, or are going for dinner-then it would be worth it. There was a cute and comfy looking lounge area and a pretty good bar. They advertised karaoke on Sundays.
