4	service was ok. but you know you can always expect amazing fried chicken when you go to church's. I will always go here for my fried chicken cravings!
1	I would never reccommend this location to anyone. First I had to wait ten minutes to get to order my food. When I get up I start my order then he went silent said " im sorry what was that again" so i went over half the order and he never replied back I said hello and no reply about 4 mins later he wants me to announce my order again. ONE CAR WAS IN FRONT OF ME. place was not busy, I worked in the food service for 5 years thru college and never had something like this happen at my places. if it did i would have been fired. after i make the order and get to the window 15 mins after i decided to go here and not wendys next door, he tells the only car infront of me to pull forward. well he only pulled so far forward or he would be in oncoming traffic but yet it wasnt far enough for my 4 door car to get out and around. when i told the guy that took my order i didnt have time to wait 20 more mins and how long would my food take before i paid him he said should be ready in 5 mins. 20 mins later the guy in front of me gets out of his car walks in and takes  1 bag of food, at the same time i turned and this guy gave me my food. so for about 35 mins took me for a order of two combos and they call it fast food. The guy didnt even address the situation just said sorry for the delay. I wrote churchs chicken website and never heard back. I also called and they said the manager was not there he would call me back. never heard back. horrible store dont go !! with that service they will have to shut down unless they revamp the staff.  worst experience in my life!!!
5	I was tooling along on errands with everything going fine until UH-OH; I came upon this Church's!  I'm supposed to be on a diet!     :-OI resisted successfully for a while...  ok, 2 or 3 seconds, & then whipped in here. After washing up in the spotlessly clean, properly supplied bathroom I was soon feasting on a big, crispy, spicy leg & thigh, a hot biscuit, & a cup of mashed potatoes with gravy.Everything was the right temperature & delicious.  The dining room was lovely for this type of place, and shiny clean.  Associate Larry had been friendly & quick to serve up my order and the value was AMAZING at $1.99 for everything, with a coupon I had riding along in the car just in case I ever accidentally got stumbled.     :-))Woohoo!
4	Yes, Church's.  There is no KFC in my neck of the woods and that's fine so long as this place is here.  Whenever I'm jonesin' for chicken, I come here for the strip meal and sides (the best deal really--all white meat, no bones, no mess).  They also have fried okra, which is a real plus.The only real problem that I have with this place is how long it takes to get your food.  I've had it take up to 15 minutes.  Once you get home and taste that chicken however, you forget about all that.Great comfort food.  If you're a little depressed, there's nothing that Church's chicken, potatoes, and a little mac 'n' cheese can't fix.  Enjoy!
1	This place sucks. I made a yelp account as I wait for my food at this place. I put my order for spicy and they gave me original because they "ran out" of spicy. She said it would be 11 minutes wait for it. Which I am. And I am looking at the rest of my order sit there on the counter. I told her I wanted everything warm and she simply put it back with the rest of the other chicken. Wow. We shall see how it comes out. Damn my craving for fried chicken.
1	Love church's but the service here is a joke always slow, you would think at noon they would be prepared for lunch. The staff is always very impersonal and act put out to serve you. This location needs some serious help
1	Today's meal was not very good. The chicken was too dry and cooked too long. I was told it was more than two days ago that the oil was changed.  I have found high-quality meals in the stores in Goodyear and .
