4	YAY! Another fabulous mom & pop diner. When you walk into Kristophers, you're usually greeted by some of the locals who are enjoying their morning coffee while reading the newspaper. Sit anywhere you'd like and the waitress/cook will soon be pouring you a cup of java. Grab a menu and decide if you're in a sweet or savory mood. We are always in an savory mood so I usually opt for a spinach & feta omelette and homefries with veggies. My boyfriend gets a sandwich with gyro meat and a fried egg with gravy on his homefries which he enjoys immensely. Everything is made to order (please be patient - it's worth the wait!) and the cooks are generous with ingrediants and portions. You won't leave hungry or broke.
4	The boyfriend and I went to try Kristopher's lunch menu since we've been going there, we have only had breakfast...now we know why. We weren't really starving so I just got a grilled cheese and salad - both were very, very basic ad Justin had a burger and onion rings. The rings went from the freezer to the frier and his burger was "just a burger". We were disappointed but our opinion of the place hasn't changed - Kristopher's in known for their breakfast (which is served all day) and everything we've had up until now has been exceptionally tasty so we're gonna to keep on going but stick to the breakfast menu.
4	My husband Rick had heard great things about Kristopher's Place for the longest so he suggested we come here for breakfast.  Believe me folks, I was in the mood for a great breakfast.  Thing is I'd just gotten over a stomach virus.  And you've gotta remember, as soon as Susan recuperates from a digestive ailment, she wants to chow!So I went for breakfast special #2:  two eggs (I had mine fried), home fries, two pieces of sausage, and two pancakes.   Mmmmm!  Pancakes!  Pump that insulin, Susan!  Pump!  I washed all that down with a couple of cups of terrific coffee.  And yes I was a member of the clean plate club.Kristophers has all the ambiance of an old-time corner diner, but in a good way.  It's a place where the neighborhood oldtimers come to discuss sports or the news over a cup of coffee.  I lived in Greenfield for a few years and I'm surprised I never ate here, despite it being next door to Vocelli Pizza and across from Giant Eagle.  If you want a good ol'fashioned meal, come here.
4	Friendly and delicious! It's like having a friend for breakfast.
3	If you're looking for a solid breakfast with a lot of options and a good price, Kristopher's Place is the way to go.  My PIC (Partner In Cuisine) and I always try to patronize local eateries as opposed to the big corporate chains so while we driving around today, looking for a place to brunch, I saw Kristopher's (and luckily an open parking spot).When we first stepped in, the place kind of smelled like dirty water and we stood there for a good minute or two without being acknowledged by any of the 4-5 staff that was working.  We finally asked one of the servers if we could just sit anywhere, to which she replied, "yeah" and left us to sit.  When the server came over, she wasn't particularly friendly, but she took our order quickly.  I sort of felt like we were putting her out by wanting to order food from her restaurant.  As we were waiting for our food to come out, a few older and very loud mouth "regulars" popped in.  Their greetings with the other locals seemed to be heading in an anti-Semitic direction (yelling loudly, "Who let the Jew-boy in?" to another patron). This made PIC and I initially uncomfortable, thinking we had stumbled onto a Jewish / Greek feud.  Luckily, the conversation dissipated and they continued to talk loudly about other topics.  Unfortunately, they were still pretty obnoxious.We got our food and I can't tell if the server conveniently forgot the juice that was supposed to come with my meal, but when I inquired about it, I once again felt like I was inconveniencing her.  Every "thank you" from PIC and I was met with complete silence.  I got one coffee refill and PIC never got a water refill.  The food itself wasn't bad, but nothing really stuck out about it either.  It's kind of hard to mess up bacon, eggs, and pancakes though.Perhaps the staff at Kristopher's was having a bad day or perhaps they just don't like "new" people coming into their restaurant.  I'd give it one more go another day just to see if it was a one-time thing or if it's the policy of the staff to be unfriendly to new patrons.  If a restaurant only wants to cater to and be friendly with its regulars, that's their prerogative I suppose, but you'd think in this economy, restaurants cant afford to alienate any of their potential new customer base.
4	My husband I went to Eat n Park and stood around for about twenty minutes waiting to be seated. The hostess and staff seemed completely indifferent to the growing # of people in the doorway. So.. we left and found ourselves at Kristopher's Place. The restaurant is not pretty but who cares? We were immediately greeted and there was a open table with no wait! Within minutes were had drinks and placed our orders. The food was cooked fresh and  tasted great. It was just as its advertised... a good family style restaurant.
5	This place totally rules; I only wish I'd realized it was here earlier. It's a true-blue diner, with greasy-delicious omelets and hash-browns, and a sweet gyro broiler. The portions are massive and cheap, and the coffee is fresh. I'd recommend sitting at the counter, because the chit-chat from the ladies who work there is always entertaining. The service is very quick, but I never feel rushed when I go there. Verdict: while you can also buy lottery tickets at the front register, if you're eating at Kristopher's, I'd say you've already won.
5	This is our favorite place for brunch! The food is very delicious. I love breakfast special #2! It feels like at grandma's home:))))
1	What can I say...What a dump!I stopped in here for a quick lunch because it was convenient for a business stop I had to make, what a mistake. I started by quickly using the restroom which was down two dingy stairwells with no banister. Once I reached the bottom I was treated to the stench of fresh cigarette smoke, clearly the help couldn't act like humans and go outside. The bathroom was a disgrace, that's all I'll say about it but make sure you bring your anti bacterial hand sanitizer.This should have been enough to walk out the door but I have a soft spot for diners and also it was 1PM, one hour after my daily feeding time. I bellied up to the counter and ordered a 1/2 Philly cheesesteak and onion rings (because I am still 7 months French fry free)!The food was pretty ordinary and the diet coke was either being watered down purposely or the fountain was broken, either way it was gross. I finished my meal and tried to pay with AMEX, I was informed they did not take AMEX. I thought to myself...'I wonder if they have ever considered putting a sign on the door that says, oh I don't know, we don't take AMEX'? I paid and ran out of there with what little of my dignity I had left. I'll be visiting this place again sometime in Nevuary.
4	Places like this is what makes Pittsburgh awesome. Like another reviewer mentioned, it truly feels like you're part of the neighborhood being here. They have their regulars, & I Iove how tight everyone was. This definitely didn't mean that my service was slacked upon. Service was fast, efficient, & friendly. My coffee cup was never empty, and the coffee was fresh the whole time. I ordered a breakfast sandwich on a bagel with sausage and egg. Super yummy!  The bagel was fresh, sausage scrumptious (and the perfect amount of greasy). Egg was a fresh egg and not some liquid egg crap. The bill was cheap too. $6 for the sandwich and coffee. Love that!Now I will be honest that place is showing it's age a bit, & could use a little love. That being said, I find that it adds character. It was clean and you can tell they take pride in their establishment. If your looking for a good diner breakfast this is a great spot.
1	Stay away!Rude service!!The food was decent, but the service was terrible. The server made it pretty clear she'd rather smoke and talk with her grandmother's friends than wait on customers. When I foolishly gave her a 20%, tip, she just gave me a dirty look. Yea... Skip this place. If you do go and get this girl (you'll know who I'm talking about as soon as she throws down your menu and rushes away from the table) DON'T TIP HER! Unless the tip is to get into a new career far away from customer service.
