4	A cute little bed and breakfast located right on the Allegheny River. They have pleasant landscaping, a covered indoor pool, hammock, chickens, and chairs right by the river to enjoy the view. I have not actually spent the night here, but would give it a try if I was coming to Pittsburgh. The only possible drawback is that it's located fairly close to Washington Boulevard, so there is some traffic noise on that side of the property.
5	I have a culinary tour company in Pittsburgh and Choderwood is always the top stop on my food tours.  The owners, Jody and Steve, are wonderful and accommodating.  Their property is gorgeous and peaceful, their food is fresh and delicious and the location is perfect for Pittsburgh activities.  Their new houseboats are a unique way to spend a night and I can't wait to give them a try.  I love this place!!
5	From the moment we walked in the front gate, we were transported to a magical getaway only a few feet from civilization. Although we live only 10 minutes away, we wanted a special place to celebrate our anniversary...and Choderwood did not disappoint. We were warmly welcomed by hosts Jody and Steve before we settled in to the BoHo houseboat. We swam in the cool and refreshing quasi-greenhouse pool; we sat in the quiet and serene meditation hut; we relaxed in hammocks and floated on tree swings; we wandered on the stone paths; we explored the garden and chicken coop; and, we soaked in the hot tub. (The only thing we didn't manage to cram in was a bonfire by the river.) Having brought along a bag full of gourmet goodies and two bottles of wine, we spent the rest of our time just sitting on the roof of our boat simply enjoying the sights and sounds of boats on the river and a sunset on the horizon. The BoHo offered many nooks and crannies for sitting and sleeping, as well as everything we needed in the kitchen and bathroom to make our time away from home feel like second nature. We left calm, rejuvenated, and happy. Words cannot express how much we loved our mere 20 hours at Choderwood. I want to, alternately, tell everyone and no one about Choderwood, as I want our friends to experience this Pittsburgh Narnia but I wish we could keep it as our own little secret. We hope to always find occasions--or, no reason at all--to visit again!
4	The pictures of this place really don't do it any justice.  It truly is a hidden gem in Pittsburgh a very special place to celebrate big events or just getaway for a weekend...even if you live in the Burgh.  I can't speak to the houseboat or the accommodations for sleeping since I was there for a party but the grounds of the property and the thought and care they spent in putting this sanctuary together is truly remarkable.  I really loved the stone walking path over the pond.  Every nook on this property had a very special energetic.
