5	This is my first review because I love this store. Brand name clothing at unbelievable prices. A bit hard to find, but totally worth it. Its in the same plaza as Vons
5	A buy-sell-trade clothing store, lots of great finds at low prices. Perfect for selling and buying if you are into brand name mainstream clothing. Come here if buffalo exchange didn't think your clothes were edgy or vintage enough.
4	I struggled to find this place as the neon sign above the store is for a totally different store, I realize it is a new location but just do the Clerks thing and get some shoe polish and a bed sheet and make your own. The store was huge and maybe 30% full, they must have really just opened at this location. The y had a much better selection of denim than buffalo exchange as I didn't see one pair with messed up fringy bottoms. I liked it enough to come back again, I think once they buy more inventory and settle in, it has the potential to put that bullshit buffalo exchange where it belongs, which is out of business.
4	Another Buy-Sell-Trade store conveniently located across from UNLV (location location location- the new location BTW), which could possibly give Buffalo Exchange some friendly competition.This store has women's clothing and men's clothing but it's about 75%- 25% ratio, with the focus on the latest styles (past two years), many designer labels, too. From the buyer's perspective, the prices are pretty good (regular and sales prices). I saw five cute things that I tried on but they all didn't fit me right, to my liking- didn't love them on me. There were two full racks (on the back far right of the store) of women's clothing for 50% off, mostly jeans- the jeans I saw/noticed were: seven, joe's, old navy, gap, banana republic, lucky, hydraulic, american eagle, etc.The most wanted teen brands are on the circle racks in the front (Aero, Hollister, etc.), as well as Juicy Couture on another rack. Nearby are the racks for scarves and hats, but pretty sparse. Against the wall are a few dressing rooms, carpeted for your comfort with funky multi-colored striped carpet (I like it) and with its own clothing rack for your selections and a mirror placed on the back of the door. Behind the cash register/sales counter, are the designer bags and wallets (Fossil, Coach, Dooney, Juicy, Kate Spade). You will need to ask to see these individually. I spotted some reasonably priced beauties ($10 being the lowest). Along the wall, are the regular handbags (not so designer- everyday). On the counter is costume jewelry, priced well though. On top of the long clothing racks (tanks, tops, jeans, shorts), sit some pairs of shoes and some accessories like bags. (Kinda reminded me of Plato's Closet's setup- in fact the lady looked like the same one from Plato's Closet, too.) Against the back wall are the dresses, which were surprisingly affordable ($6 was the lowest I saw for a summer dress).Since I didn't bring in clothing to sell or trade, I can't comment much on that side of it. I did notice the sales lady closely inspecting every piece of clothing someone had brought it (in luggage). I also overheard her saying to another person, that the fabric was a bit tattered on some of the clothing. I do know from the website, that they do not accept clothing in garbage bags and the articles must be neatly folded as well. In my observations, I don't know how good selling would be since the prices are pretty low for their clothing (seven jeans were $22.00 regular price). I prefer to trade, since you would get more value for your clothing. I have so much that I could bring in, since I am a regular swapper online with positive feedback BTW (www.swapstyle.com/www.rehashclothes.com/www.dignswap.com). I just might do it soon since I am going into Spring Cleaning mode and recently joined www.listia.com (will soon be doing a family yard sale). There is an area of the store that remains under construction since the materials and tools are located there (the wall near the dressing rooms, in between the employee area). I mention this, because I noticed little children in the store (they give out suckers for the little ones but ask the parents first before passing it out). This might be a hazard, so a word of caution to the parents. The walls in the store, are not painted white, so it's anything but vanilla. There is a collage of magazine clippings on one wall, near the everyday bags. There were a few people in there, shopping besides myself, so it was not crowded at all (I went after work). I asked if the inventory changes frequently, and the sales lady said that "Oh yeah- It changes everyday."
3	Good place to go 2nd to Buffalo exchange. Good thing  about this place is there is no line and it doesn't get crowded like Buffalo. You could get in and out quick. It is harder to find the cute clothes though. This place does not have a huge selection which I don't understand because there is plenty of room in the store. Also not much here for men, sorry guys.
2	This is the first time that the majority of yelpers guided me in the wrong direction I think. I went here after reading the great reviews hoping to find something awesome but was sorely disappointed. To me there wasn't that many clothes/ choices. I walked in and l looked through the shirts which there was really nothing it seemed like there was more girls shirts then juniors and women's. There was really no good denim. I just don't know if inventory was down or what but this place to me just didn't have anything. So I walked out without purchasing anything. One thing that I did like however is that the store sells used books. There are not very many and most of the books they resale are aimed towards tweens but I love the fact that they are reselling books along with their clothes.
2	So let me just start by saying I'm an avid thrift store shopper. So this place in terms of rank, scores on the lower end. The selection seems to hit in the mid to early 90sand as a huge fan of thrift shopping in la this place just doesn't cut the bread. Not sure if that's an expression but yea... I know that this place has potention becuase it is just soo huge but their selection is just not on trend. I would rather go to savers if I'm going to spend this much time going through every wrack. at least there they have things that span back from the 70's which is fantastic!
5	There is no doubt in my mind that this place deserves 5 stars. I don't know who oversees what clothes are allowed into the store but they have EXCELLENT taste and a vast knowledge of popular name brands. The only items for sale are either name brand or nice enough quality to where the brand name doesn't matter. This is my absolute favorite thrift store of all time, I just can't go here that often because it seems like every shoe is my size and every pair of pants fit just right. Even with the huge savings I could easily go broke here due to the quantity of quality clothes haha.
5	Nice clothes. Organized store. Everyone who works there is friendly. They do need a more official sign. I'm glad it's near UNLV. The area near UNLV is starting to get a bit nicer thanks to Starbucks, a remodeled Vons grocery store and the cool Pho restaurant. The prices are less than Buffalo Exchange.
3	This place is alright. I came in to see how much they'd offer me for 2 brand new boxes of shoes and a bag stuffed with clothes before listing them on Ebay and they offered me $28 cash or $40 trade for about 5 dresses, 2 blouses, a pair of brand new Blue Suede Shoe boots, and a pair of brand new Michael Antonio suede pumps. That was just way too low for me to accept considering I could make at least double that on Ebay. Not to mention there's currently a coupon going around that's $10 for $20 worth of items at Trend Traders. I told the buyer I'd take a look around to see if there was $40 worth of stuff I might want, but I really just wanted to keep my stuff on the counter instead of lugging it all back to my car and coming back again to look around. They have a pretty decent selection of men's clothing. Way more than other trendy thrift stores, which was nice because my boyfriend didn't have to sit down being all bored while I shopped for myself.I ended up finding a cute blouse ($8), pair of flats ($10), and boots ($10). However, after trying them all on, I only wanted the blouse. I'll admit, the prices did sway me away a little especially because none of the items were brand name and with the types of deals I've been getting on brand new clothing lately, it was pretty pricey. My boyfriend found a Wu Tang Clan shirt ($6), but ended up passing on it because it was very faded. The selection IS pretty awesome. I saw a lot of unique and trendy clothing. They also had some pretty cool sneakers in both women's and men's section, but none in my size. The clothing and shoes are organized by size and color and the store is kept clean. It makes it a lot easier to find what you're looking for if you don't have the time through go through their many racks of clothing. All in all, this is a decent store. You'll definitely find a lot of hip clothing that you probably won't find anywhere else and the shoes are a good deal. I just wouldn't come here to sell clothing. Take your chances with Ebay
5	I love Trend Traders! After visiting Buffalo Exchange and being very dissapointed, I saw this place which is just walking distance from my house. The store is very well organized and the staff is very friendly. Having experience with both buying and selling at thrift stores, It is definitely a better deal for the buyer. When you sell back, they don't give you much at all for your clothes, and they are very selective, however they turn around and sell at great prices, so this is understandable. I have bought an Abercrombie sweatshirt for $18, a Brand New with Tags Juicy Couture hoodie for $30, Armani Exchange jeans for $10, Steve Madden heels for $10, and a Betsey Johnson dress for $20 at this store as well as many other brands. The difference between Trend Traders and Buffalo exchange is the organization and volume of shoppers. It is definietly a more pleasant experience shopping at Trend Traders than being overwhelmed by people and clothes just thrown on a rack in Buffalo Exchange. I love this store, and every day they have new things. Many of their clothes still have tags on it, and some really unique pieces. Another great thing is that they organize by brand too, you can find Guess, Bebe, Express, Juicy Couture, Pink, Ed Hardy, Abercrombie, Hollister, and others, just by going to that part of the store. It's fabulous! And I'm going again today!
3	Eehh, I dont know, this was sort of a mix between savers and buffalo exchange. What I didn't like was walking into a store that reeks of stinky feet. The smell bothered me while I tried to look around. Aside from the smell, I felt like this place had some good things to offer. The mens/womens pants/skirts/dress shirt/blouses/casual/purses/accessories and my favorite part: A WIDE SELECTION OF womens SHOES vintage and modern- most of the items were in really good condition. Store is pretty big. I noticed that most of the items were over priced compared to other buy/sell shops- dont know whats up with that. I might go here again and give it another shot :)
3	I came here in search of some bright and audacious items for an upcoming event. Tame and everyday wear is more prevalent here. With that being stated, I took a look for items that could be integrated into my daily wardrobe, but still left empty handed. Better prices than the other thrift stores down the street, but the selection is not as extensive.Pros: Open space, there is no squeezing between aisles. Sizes are well labeled and  organized. The staff are friendly and dispersed throughout the store to help guest. The items they purchase are in good shape. Cons: Probably not as much gets sold to them, so the items in stock feels less than other thrift stores.
3	If I was to compare this store to brand name stores, it would have a mixture of items from Wet Seal and Forever 21. It's not as high end, vintage, and fashionable as Buffalo Exchange (and not as unstylish as Savers), but if you take time to browse through you can pick up some pretty unique blouses. Their main selling point is their clothes. One thing is their variety of shoes is HUGE! (At least for the ladies!) Accessories are very scarce here, and it's fairly alright with purses and bags. There's a section for men too with clothes, shoes, and hats, but not as big and only expands to maybe 1-2 long racks. They have a long rack with brand names (Pink, A&F, Juicy, etc.) that has some good finds for a cheap price. One thing I'm iffy about is their trades. I feel like I don't get enough of what I'm giving up, but then again their store IS cheaply priced, so I can understand at the same time they have to be limited (but not really competitive with Buffalo Exchange). There have been things they haven't taken at all despite how much variety I've brought (nothing that looked cheap and Savers like either) and they seem to do trades based upon the season that's coming up (if you have winter clothes and it's about to be spring/summer in a couple months, they're going to want warmer season clothes than colder ones). Overall, I do like stopping in to find something unique for a cheap price in style. You can never go wrong with that!
3	Accompanied my friend here on his hunt for a pair of jeans and some shirts. I was impressed with the number of jeans they have here. The "higher end" jeans were on a separate rack, but still had a fair number of them. As for the women's section, I saw that there were a good amount and I loved that they were all sorted by color within the different sections (dress, shirts, blouses). Made it so much easier to look through them!Prices seemed fair compared with other consignment stores.Tip: Check-in with the Yelp app and get 20% off!
2	Meh.Trend Traders is not one of my favorite thrift stores.  I have been to this place three times, and I have yet to purchase something.  It seems like everything I pick up is stained, pilled, or out of style.  The brands aren't very high-end - Forever 21 and H&M-type stuff - so I usually wonder how long until the garments will fall apart.  On the upside, this store is clean and easy to navigate.  On the downside, it doesn't matter if it's easy to navigate if the merchandise is subpar.  I have no real motivation to return.  It just doesn't do it for me.
4	Pretty decent place , nice stuff specially shoes , the guy in the register very nice and friendly , , excellent prices will come back for sure
1	This place smells like old wet socks which followed me all the way to my car!Choices of clothes arent even vintage, (Aeropostale, echo, fubu, etc).  I miss Los Angeles because clothing thriftstores there will guarantee a good find.I went in and left the next 2min literally. Don't bother wasting your time here.
1	Don't bother ... you are better off to just donate to a charity... They will give you nothing and charge you high dollar for used clothes.  This is NOT a business to help the community... It is a business making money off people who can't afford... very sad!
4	Thrift stores are always, always hit or miss. That's why it's hard for me to write a review of one. However, I like Trend Traders' organization and cheap selection of trendy clothes. Nothing really in the way of "vintage" here, but that's alright. There's Trend Traders' expensive cousin Buffalo Exchange for that. They need to vacuum the dressing rooms, pretty badly, but when you think about it, you're trying on stranger's clothing, so it's not that much grosser.  I didn't end up with that much stuff but it's fun when you do find a gem or two hidden among the riff-raff.
1	This place is disgusting. It is a glorified savers pretending to be a vintage thrift store. I tried to sell here and the buyer was excited for a cheap Forever 21 blouse but didn't even care to look at the real designer clothes I had. After looking around, the selection is cheap clothes being sold second hand at first hand prices. The style is atrocious and the inside of the place looks awful.
2	First off, this place is not a thrift store, as other reviewers have been calling it. Calling it a thrift store entails that the clothes are donated. Trend Traders is a resale shop, and compared with some of the other resale shops nearby, like Buffalo Exchange and Mustang Xchange, it's lacking. The merchandise itself isn't much to my taste--thing some of the trendier, blander items from Forever 21 and H&M--but more than that, the pieces they carry are not worth the prices marked. The brands they carry are cheap with a limited shelf-life when bought new--who knows how long they'll last if you buy them second hand? You can find similar clothes at a real thrift store like Savers or Salvation Army for a fraction of the price, or you can buy them new for a few dollars more and they might last a few more washes. Either would be preferable.
2	Find the atmosphere here stale.  Needs to be a bit more lively.  The staff is hit or miss.  Some are indifferent toward their customers.  Been noticing a lot of knock offs on their designer stuff.    Shame on me, been duped once now by one of their sales staff  trying to pass off an item as "real".  Bought into it and inspected it closer once I got home,  only to realize it was a "fake".    I don't like the feeling of someone trying to play on my ignorance.     Like the way the place is organized.  However, they should consider having more markdowns or sales.
3	The racks are much more organized than at Buffalo Exchange because the clothes are grouped by type and color. The store is also much more spacious. I came looking for designer denim, tried on a pair, but it didn't fit right. Thankfully the designer denim is on a separate rack, so I didn't have to rummage through the much larger regular denim rack. I might've been able to find something I liked if my search wasn't so narrow, but that's the risk you take when going to this type of place. Plus I was in a rush and didn't have time to look for any hidden gems. Maybe next time.
5	I did some serious second-hand shopping while I was on vacation in Vegas and this is the place I made the most scores at.  Now granted I'm a guy, and most guys have poor luck at second-hand stores, but the experience I had a TT was much above average.  I pulled 5 or 6 really cool designer shirts all in really great condition and 2 pairs of sweet jeans off their racks for very decent prices.  Of the 4 places I went (TT, Buffalo X, Gypsy, and Cleopatra) this was the best of them.
3	While not really that trendy, I still think Trend Traders may be the most well organized, well stocked, thrift store out of the bunch littered near campus. Personally, I would sell my clothes at Trend Traders more than I would buy from them. They have always taken the most amount of my clothes, very basic stuff, while Buffalo always wants crazy trendy things that I just wont ever part with. My personal style is more vintage/grandma chic and Trend Traders just doesn't cater to my vintage style. They have nice, clean, very cheap basic things and I'm ok with that. Sometimes the prices can almost be as much as retail and I don't think think the shelf life of a used t-shirt warrants that kind of price tag but like I still think its relatively fair in comparison to other stores. Its clean, its spacious, its affordable.
4	Not your average thrift or second hand store by any means.  The store was well clean, organized and had a young feel and appearance about it.  The music certainly wasn't the typical MUZAK,  but wasn't a local station playing a good mix of music which reflected the different generations shopping there that day.The men section was considerably smaller than the woman's, but that's the case everywhere else as well.  The staff was helpful and busy at work, but not unapproachable if you had questions.  The pricing was what I expected if not a little better, and the quality of clothes was very good.  I didn't find anything myself, but my 21 year old daughter tried on multiple things and settled on a few that fit.  She is a size 0 so it's always hard for her to find clothes at a thrift store.  She liked their "style" and will be back herself to keep checking their inventory.
3	I've been to my share of thrift shops and consignment shops, and theirs is very organized with really no "thrift store" smell. The only strange smell was the linger smell of smoke, but other than that, each section is labeled by their brand names (American Eagle, Abercombie, Hollister, Bebe, etc). With that in mind, be aware that is what to expect when stepping in there. I like TT a lot better than Plato's Closet, where they carry the same kinds of stuff, but more expensive and about the same price as retail. TT has better prices and the clothes are largely spaced out. Good for the claustrophobic. However, I did not heed the good advice of Yelpers here when I went to resell my clothes. I thought, "Hey, I have a good amount of F21, JCrew, H&M -- something's gotta work." Out of 2 bags, they took only the F21 gladiator sandals, five pairs of F21 jeans, and an H&M cocktail dress. They truly only look for those types of brands -- really anything an on-budget college student would wear. I didn't think they'd take any of my basics from said shops so I left those out and brought my more unique, "eccentric" pieces and those were all rejected. They're currently looking for Fall/Winter clothing, but nothing too "strange" mind you. My bf wanted to resell a pair of cobalt blue JCrew pants, but they rejected it because they wanted only black slacks for the student who wanted it for interviews. I was able to find a great Banana Republic dress and JCrew-esque statement necklace. I would recommend raiding your closets for any brands a teenager would wear or any basics found at mall stores (H&M, F21, A&F, etc). Tips: *There is a 2 bag limit, as opposed to a previous reviewer who said that was nonexistent. Read the rules. *Fold your clothes neatly in shopping bags. *Wash your clothes. I think TT doesn't have the thrift store smell because they only accept clean clothing.*Leave all the really crazy pieces at home -- try eBay instead.
5	Staff was very nice there was no wait and I was in and out within 15 minutes. I was able to sell a lot of items six purses and three dresses and they gave me a really good buyback price thank you for the awesome experience !!
5	I have followed this wonderful business from the beginning . They don't take everything that people think is top of the line to them , but they know what they are looking for .  Everyday the staff and owners are finding more ways to get customers what they need and want at a affordable price ! ! You can bring in tons of clothes and only walk away with a few dollars it happens get over it !  Sometimes you may walk out empty handed but everyday they have new products !   Buffalo exchange and mustang exchange doesn't have nearly the same customer service and organizations skills as the trend traders team who are polite and willing  to help !! Love trend traders always the store I recommend  over any other !
3	I guess when it comes down to second hand/thrift clothing and exchange stores.....where you go (buffalo exchange, mustang exchange or trend traders) will depend on your mood, pocket book and item needed. For me trend traders is a perfect place to pick up a few CHEAP name brand sweats, casual tees and jeans (galore!).They carry stuff like BEBE, Victoria secret, juicy, guess, hollister, a&f. Those types of things....... I guess more of  'mainstream'  Labels. Whereas something like buffalo exchange is a very basic, earthy t-shirt and jeans kind of place. Not uncommon to find one of a kind vintage pieces, high end designer purses like gucci, prada, Louis or a random pair of Toms.At trend traders the staff seems less into fashion themselves and more there to run a business. Buffalo-- the employees assessing your items are All aspiring fashionistas and very serious (in a good way) about their work. Which do I prefer? It would Really depend on the day!!..... Hence my neutral three star review!
3	There was just nothing I was interested in buying, nothing caught my eye here, and I felt like there wasn't an vintage, and what was there seemed like it wasn't in the best condition... I've been to here, buffalo exchange and Cleopatras treasures and I'm not sure this was the right thrift store for me
