5	probably one of the best breakfast restaurants i've ever eaten at. the service is really quick and efficient. they have a cool waiting area with a television and the seating area is huge.the food is amazing. they really have the art of breakfast mastered and i always enjoy coming here to eat. keep up the good work.
4	If you ask most people in the tri cities what resides at Fairway and Manitou, most people would say Country Boy.  Thanks to their catchy song that plays on tv, most people are already familiar with this restaurant.  I came here on a Sunday around 11 am which would usually guarantee a long wait, however we only waited about 5 minutes.  the restaurant was packed, there are so many rooms, that it is really hard to gauge how big the actual place is.  We were seated in a booth, but this booth was in the middle so there was no support on either side.  This became quite annoying, because i could literally feel every move the diner behind me made.  For the food we all ordered the standard breakfast plate for $5.95.  The eggs were great, the bacon was hot and not crisp, but the shining star of the whole meal was the potatoes.  They were served piping hot, and they were seasoned so well.  I would go back anytime just for them. I really wanted give Country Boy a five, but the shaky booth a mediocre service brought it down a star.  I cannot wait to go back.
1	It was the Spring Holiday and one cold Friday morning my lovely girlfriend and I searched for a nice family restaurant to have breakfast at. The Yelp reviews pointed at Country Boy and of course, like 99% of the time, Yelp is my compass when it comes to places to eat. Well, HUGE compass interference this time... The place looks like a family restaurant. It is cozy and warm. Perfect for some eggs and tea, we said. How wrong we were! We ordered the regular breakfast, which comes with 2 eggs and a misleading enumeration of meats. We thought we would get bacon and ham and some sausage (which we thought is the only part of the breakfast where you get to choose: regular or Polish). The meal came COLD, no bacon, nor ham, just the sausage (which was terrible). If I wanted cold breakfast I could have stayed at home and ate some coldcuts... Everybody is praising their potatoes, but cold potatoes, no matter how well prepared they are at 8am, they taste awful at 11. The service was also poor, the waitress was always in a rush, even though the restaurant was not even close to being full. I will keep trying to find a good breakfast place, but I'm never ever coming here again.
3	I think i'm being generous with 3 stars only because it's a cheap breakfast and they have fast service. The food however is another story...I've only ever had breakfast there but it is usually cold when you get it and the potatos and bacon are gross. It is my last choice for breakfast in the K-W area.
5	Just the basics... no joke.  This place lives up to it's name.  I would imagine this is what's served at the farmer's table for breakfast.  Thick sausage... nice bacon... awesome pancakes... and most of all, great service!  I love it when I can walk into a local joint and get great service!Not to mention it's fantastically cheap... weekend menu's are dig-change-outta the sofa cheap.Definitely worth a visit if you're in this area!
3	Eat here if you're looking for a cheap, quick breakfast. Get in, sit, eat and get out. Nothing special just your average family restaurant. Morning breakfast line ups are ridiculous but move relatively quick.
4	While staying over in Kitchener, I found Country Boy, which is probably one of the most deceiving places I've ever laid eyes on. From the outside, it looks super small, in a plaza which appeared a little on the drab side. We pressed on to find the place was HUGE inside, wonderfully clean, with high ceilings and fireplaces, and just a totally relaxing place to eat. It seemed a little heavy on senior citizens in there (at least at that time it was), but that's nothing but an observation. Our waitress was a total pleasure to talk to, and who was also very helpful in recommending menu items to my girlfriend and I, the undisputed champ of menu indecisiveness.I can't remember what my girl ending up going with, but I opted for their 'specialty' triple-decker "triple play" sandwich, which includes turkey, corned beef, roast beef and cheese, with a side of coleslaw. The sandwich was delicious, and their prices were perfect. They also have a huge all-day breakfast menu, which I'm sure I'll dive into next time I'm in the area.
5	This is a great spot, which I would return to again and again, if only I lived closer! Cozy inside and nice and clean.
2	We've gone to C.B. every time we have a craving for liver and onions.  Usually the food is okay and they cook it to our liking which is rare to medium rare.  They have great Caesar salad, a rice pudding I really like except it's a bit too sweet lately, and good coffee.  Well, recently I've found the food so overly salty - I've ordered - no bacon (it's thick, tough and just awful - recooked from breakfast), no gravy, and still it was overly salty last time.  They also slather the veggies with an herbal butter whose flavour I detest although I do love my veggies.  Anyway, tonight I ordered the special (12.95 for two pieces of liver, salad, dessert and really substandard garlic bread included) as well as the baked potato and veggies.  Hold the bacon, hold the gravy and please do not add salt and butter to my meal.  The veggies were fine, ditto the baked potato although somewhat overcooked and brown inside.  The liver however was another story!!  No seasoning as requested however it arrived literally swimming in a puddle of oil, as well as the onions - Just swimming.  Worst of all it was so overcooked it was charred black all around the edges and very dark overall.  Overcooked?  Did I say overcooked, what I meant was - incinerated.   A good value at 12.95 all inclusive, but only if the meal is edible and you don't end up taking it home for dog!!  The service was 5 star, the food, well, NOT.  Especially after asking for it to be rare to medium rare since it turns into leather after that.  Between the heavy salt on the food, and tonight's greasy mess, well, don't think we'll be going back again.  I used my two napkins to soak up the oil as best I could but even so...  UGH.  I would have sent it back but we arrived late, 7:15, and they close at 8 pm.  By the time the meal was served there was no time to return food to the kitchen.  As for the rest of the menu, well, we've tried many items over the years - we used to live fairly close by, and the liver and onions is the ONLY thing we've ever gone back for.  Enough said.  I can only think the good reviews are due to the lower price point and the mountain of food served for the dollar.  Great as long as its decent and edible.  Man cannot survive on their Caesar salad alone...  By the way, to call the interior 'dated' is putting it mildly!
4	Service is good! But I have definitely stopped going as much since they raised the prices, and the food quality has gotten worse.
5	Party of 6, weekday night.This is now my favourite family restaurant in all of K-W. After a good 5 years in the tri-city area, I'm sad that I only discovered this restaurant in my last month despite seeing the advertisement on UW campus.The restaurant looks a bit shabby on the outside, but it makes up for it in interior size. The restaurant has seating at multiple levels, so you can tell it's a big restaurant but each area feels very private and exclusive. The door is easy to miss! We walked in one side and came out the other, before realizing it was the closed door on the far right of the entryway.Food portions are large for the price charged. I had the $12.95 Chicken Devine which was recommended by the waiter - tender chicken breast topped with a slice of tomato and a thick layer of cheese. It was great, as was the mashed potatoes that accompanied it. The $13.95 chicken parmesan (which also came highly recommended) was very large and also came topped with tomato sauce and a very thick layer of cheese. It was soft and tasted very good.The meals came with a soup or salad, garlic bread (and some had steamed vegetables). Because they were on a special menu at the front that we evidently missed, we found out at the end it also came with dessert. The rice pudding was sweet and good, topped with whipped cream and cinnamon.Service is friendly. I would peg it on the slower side, but we were seated quite a distance from other patrons. The server missed a drink on one of the bills afterward, and when my very honest friend pointed it out, she said it was his lucky day and not to worry about it.Highly recommended especially if you love cheese like me. I'm going again sometime this month. :)
4	Excellent Sunday breakfast/brunch this past weekend while visiting friends in the Kitchener-Waterloo area.The wait time was about 20-25 minutes on a Sunday morning, and with reason, this place has been voted best breakfast for YEARS! The line up is so long that it snakes outside the restaurant into a covered area outside with a theme park style zig zag line to help manage flow.This place earned HUGE points from me based on how they treated their waiting customers, the outer waiting area is heated, is equipped with TV to keep you entertained AND the have a giant thermos filled with hot coffee so that waiting patrons can have something to sip while they wait - amazing customer focused business.Once we walked in I was shocked at how huge this place is, there must be at least 6 dining rooms packed to the brim... all on different levels. The money this place must make on breakfast turnover is incredible - easily 100 tables being turned over 3-4 times in a breakfast/brunch time.Now with this sort of customer flow, you'd think that the service or the food would suffer. It doesn't. The staff are friendly but are like Breakfast Brunch Battle vets, they know the process like robots and execute with professionalism and precision. The ONLY gaff was our food came out at different times (a 5-10 minute wait in between delivery) AND it was tough to connect with our server to get some service basics like water.For breakfast I had the Lumberjack and for the first time, my bacon was cooked to perfection (soft, just how I like it). I had asked for my sausage butterflied but that was also forgotten. Not a huge deal but combined with the small service misses accounts for the loss in 1 star. The rest of the breakfast was standard fare, and did the trick - I liked it all!In the area on a weekend? Come in and com early - great breakfast, deserving of their 'best of' title!
