4	Well, what can I say?? I was impressed when I went to visit these guys in Glasgow and I'm equally impressed with their Edinburgh outfit.They have jazzed up the space that used to be Urban Angel and given it their own twist.The burgers are run down your hands juicy and the wings tasty and succulent. The shakes could do with being a bit thicker but that's about my only quipe.Service was casual and friendly.. We were seated as soon we arrived. All in all, it's a great addition to the Broughton St 'hood.
4	Love this place. We visited Glasgow site last summer after hearing about it and and were super delighted to hear of Edinburgh opening, ON THEIR FIRST BIRTHDAY too! We just randomly arrived when we could, which happened to be 3.30-4pm on a Thursday, so it wasn't busy, but we didn't want a busy place so suited us! They've done great things with the space (much improved and simplistic) and actually we instantly found the chilli fries and wings to be superior to Glasgow...the burgers (fiery ones) were delicious but the actual meat alone was dry and overcooked slightly..Altogether it was still a brill tasty burger experience and you could tell the meat was good, but it had turned kind of grey and dry and we were super glad of all the accompaniments....We were charged extra for bacon we didn't ask for, but we DID ask for cheese so didn't say anything at bill time, though only one of us got cheese and both got bacon - pretty strange mistakes for an empty restaurant...But we heart new indy places owned by enthusiastic-hard-working individuals who just want to get the message across that their product is simple, delicious and affordable. We'll be back....again and again!!!!!
4	I'm impressed.  It sure did fill me up to the brim.  Hubbie and I decided to opt for the burger as the special was sold out.  The burger was really flavoursome and big!  The fillings were not on the ration side either.  We also choose the haggis balls which were really nice - good quality haggis in there!  He choose standard chips whilst I opted for the chips with cheese all over - MMMmmm that wasn't the best judgment call of mine - as it killed me out right :)  The shakes were wholesome and milky.  Like Caz H. Perhaps a little thicker would do them justice.  Service was friendly and chilled and we were checken on about 3 three times to make sure everything was up to standards.Next time we are sharing fries though - it's gonna be the plain and simple salted ones as I just thought the cheesey ones were becoming to greasy for me,  Obvs the portions are fairly good size too hence the fullness as we left.It's another great burger joint to add to Edinburgh's ever expanding burger neighbourhood!
4	Burgers are in vogue right now. Well, I don't know if they ever went out of vogue, but I'm certainly not complaining. For a while, British gastro-pub burgers were all the rage: one's so big you had to cut them in half with a knife and fork then risk lock-jaw in order to get your mouth around the burger, bun, three toppings and onion rings included. That was "our" type of Burger here on our wee Isle.But then something changed, and Americana came over to the burger scene, taking us back to the way burgers used to be. Thin but no less flavourful or satisfying. And to be honest, i prefer them this way. Who thought bigger meant better when it came to burgers, when you literally can't fit it in your mouth for a bite, or finish it with chips without carrying food triplets for a few days after?So, Burger Meats Bun is the newest addition to the Edinburgh burger-scene, nicely carrying on the American-style burger trend. The burgers are filling and the patties are still juicy, but it's more American style, complete with thin fries and milkshakes on the menu, and the food coming wrapped in paper on a metal tray. The burger here was really tasty. And they do gluten free buns! Hurrah! And their gluten free buns are the best I've tasted in the city. Yey! The kim-cheese chips were SO good too, although laden in cheese, but that's the point right?The dessert of dunkable donut bits with salted caramel sauce with added bourbon was mmmm far too good, and then dark n stormy cocktails were very well made.I think I would prefer to see a few more options of toppings on the menu. I like that its simple: beef, cheese, chicken, veggie, and a few specials (not 20 different options) but a few other relishes or sauces to add variety to the burger would be a nice addition.A great place for a mid week dinner, and with good cocktails, desserts and milkshakes to boot. Viva Americana burgers!
5	I'd been meaning to come here for a while now, so when our delightful new CM Jody B noised me up about burger shiznaz, this was the ideal choice.And hoooweeee BMB did not disappoint in the slightest.Let me cover some of the need to know type stuff.There are beef, chicken, and veggie burgers of various persuasion. I went for the fiery beef burger. Big, juicy, but not too crazy on the messy front, and big enough but not so big you can't get it in yer gub. I loved mine, and Jody was giving a very thumbs up for hers.We ordered a couple of sides. Given she'd never had it before, haggis popcorn was not to be shunned, and they were excellent. The haggis was moist but the breadcrumb coating was crunchy and yum! We also order the thai cheese fries. I was curious as to what made them thai cheese, the answer was a load of chillis and spring onions as a garnish. Not quite blowing my mind as a thai flavour, but an upgrade from the usual chilli flakes you'd get with your average spicy fries.The deserts were adorable, and mad tasty. Jody got some mini donuts that were cooked to order, and came with a little strawberry coullis dipping sauce thing. *so* good! Again my curiosity piqued, I ordered the burger and shake desert. What I got was the cutest little flavoured milk in a teensy milk bottle, and a god damn vanilla macaroon, with chocolate ganache with a slice of melon jelly and more of the delicious strawberry coullis, and they even sprinkled some sesame seeds on top too!I thought all the staff were very friendly, as well as being attentive. I didn't check out the toilets so we'll have to hope they're nice. They chill their glasses here, which does mean your drink stays cold for as long as possible, although the foam does freeze a little!I'm definitely coming back here again because it's ace. the big question is, when i first asked they didn't do takeaway, but a little birdie told me they do now. can anyone confirm this?Apologies for the confusion surrounding takeaway, Glasgow does it, Edinburgh doesn't.
3	Having tried and enjoyed the Glasgow branch, I looked forward to the Edinburgh opening of BMB. They haven't disappointed enough for me to abstain from returning on occasion - the burgers are done well, the staff are really great and the specials are very enticing. However there are a few failings that merit the above score;i) THE COSTA previous grump of mine with rival burger joint, Burger., BMB have hiked their prices even higher and, as a result, are almost pricing themselves out the market. The only thing that keeps me coming back is the creativity of the specials.ii) THE FINISHED ARTICLEUndoubtedly very tasty, the burgers are cooked well and, as said before, the ideas are very interesting. However a slight roadbump is the execution. I agree with another reviewer that the buns can be a bit tough (I think out of 3 visits I've had one bun that was entirely edible), almost as if defrosted from frozen but not completely. Also agree that on the specials, it almost feels as if an ingredient is missing. Couldn't taste the bacon jam when they had the Chicken Thigh special, and the same could be said of the bacon jam and the spring onion mayo on the Pork Belly/Black Pudding special. both very tasty, but seemingly not completely as advertised, or perhaps just a portioning issue. One final note in that I've found with the chicken thigh burgers in particular, the patty seems to cover only hlf the bun - would like to see a more even spread.iii) NO TAKE AWAYCouldn't believe this wasn't an option when I found out. Understand that, given the space they occupy this might be difficult to realise (obviously has potential to disrupt the ambience of the restaurant side of the business), but surely something to be rectified in time, as they must be missing out on so much custom not offering this. Maybe something to think about if/when expansion comes?The above perhaps paints an inaccurate picture of my overall opinion. So long as BMB continue to maintain the calibre of design in their specials, I'll happily re-visit. Their kim-cheese chips were fantastic and should be a menu staple, not a special. And the service really is worth noting - at least the folk who have served me across my few visits.But the above points mean that I am more likely to visit certain other Burger specialists, who provide the same quality at a reduced cost, when hunger strikes.
4	Friendly, happy staff, cheery music and great food. Perfect for a lazy afternoon or for battling past a hangover.
3	when i found out that Burger Meats Bun was heading east and finally opening a branch in Edinburgh i was beyond excited!  i'd been in glasgow one lunch time and had the chance to eat at BMB there and found the burgers to be excellent.  i even asked at the time if they had plans of moving eastward to which they said it was always a possibility.flash foward about a year later and i was on my first visit to BMB shortly after their opening.  i was going on a date but to be honest was more excited about the burgers.  the visit lived up to the expectations i'd had based on my jaunt in the Glasgow branch with the burger being juicy and full of taste, i especially loved the burger sauce that just really brings the whole burger together.  the cheesy fries were crispy and had loads of cheese that was just a perfect indulgence.  and the cocktails, were also a nice treat!so a couple of months later i suggested BMB for a girls dinner as i hadn't had a chance to re-visit for another delicious burger.  however, this time i left slightly disappointed.  i opted for their chicken BLT and shared the thai chili cheese fries with one of my dining companions.  our food arrived in fairly prompt order but i found the chicken burger greasy, with an excess of fatty skin left on the chicken.  i did take this off but the burger remained slightly more greasy than i would have preferred and didn't have a lot of taste either.  also the thai chili cheese fries were not just slighty spicy but super hot!  i just felt overall that it was a really mediocre meal.  the only real high point of the meal was that the bill split three ways was only a tenner each.after two tries of BMB in edinburgh, i'm sort of left disappointed.  my initial visit was great and possibly because it was shortly after the opening everything was in good order.  however last night's visit has me thinking twice about going again when there are so many other burger options available in edinburgh now.
4	I attended an event in Edinburgh recently, and as I'd come straight from work I was starving. I hadn't tried the new BMB and as I'm a huge fan of the Glasgow branch I thought I'd go there!I ordered a Tonka Truck cocktail which was a delicious drink that went down far too easy! I've mentioned before how fussy I am with alcoholic drinks - if it's too boozy or strong I just can't drink it. This was beautiful, sweet and smooth as it is an ice cold mixture.The Thai chilli cheese fries. I managed to forget how ridiculously tasty these are! When I ate my first one I felt the food lust within me, and that was that, they were demolished!BMB usually operated under a system of having the basic menu and then they'd have random specials each day. They've now introduced Seasonal Specials in conjunction with the daily specials and they will be available for a month rather than just a day. They're making the most of the amazing and diverse produce available locally throughout the year.This is the first seasonal burger which is made up of a homemade lamb burger, lamb tagine, carrot salad with cumin & lemon dressing, harrisa & honey mayonnaise and micro coriander. This burger was everything I've come to expect from a BMB special, but I have to be honest, the lamb burger part actually ruined it a little for me. It was a bit too big which made it difficult to eat and despite being quite pink, it didn't taste like much. I actually removed it half way through and focussed on the rest - especially the lamb tagine which was absolutely gorgeous. I would've filled the whole bun with that personally. Maybe it was just me, but ultimately I gobbled the whole lot up, apart from half of the patty.I enjoyed my Edinburgh experience of BMB but I have to say, I missed the BMB in Glasgow. The restaurant in Edinburgh looks the part, the food is the same and the staff are lovely but ultimately it lacks personality you get from the Glasgow staff.
