4	Way better than Five Guys and definitely gives In'N'Out a run for its money not to mention fries are almost as awesome too. Meals starting at $4. Kids ate free all weekend - I'm late I know, sorry.This was the first time I actually sat down inside and ate and woah did they make an impression. I don't know if it's every location, but this Concord Mills one seats you. A waiter then takes your order and brings out the food. The waiter might I add, was strangely super curteous and nice. Way too polite that it was awkward. So much that I had a momentary lapse and thought I was back at the Capital Grille! Their customer service just put many real sit down restaurants to shame.As I looked around, I noticed no one left a tip, so I didn't leave one either. Are we not supposed to? This is a place I don't mind leaving a tip one bit.-Update-My friend did leave a tip at the register =)
4	We make this a stop everytime we come through. Love the burgers and the fries are not bad either.
5	The people that work here are always really nice and helpful!  I can't remember one time I came here and didn't get great service.  Even when we would come in there while they were super busy they still made it a point to check up on us and make sure if we were ok.I'm kinda picky when it comes to particular things and we also have individuals with food allergies in my group and they are always understanding.I can't say I hesitated to give them a full 5 stars because the times I've gone to this particular restaurant I've had a pleasant time.  The food is cheap, tasty and the service is great.  What more can you ask for?
3	11/25/11After checking out a movie at AMC and a bit of shopping at Northlake, the rest of the family wanted to grab a bite.  On our way to Friday's, a nephew mentioned Steak 'n Shake, which went over well w/ the adults, since it was cheaper than the original choice of Friday's, and me, since I felt like having something sweet!  The wait was moderate, but it was Black Friday, after all...Manager asked if we minded getting two tables pulled together, and we said "no problem."  We ended up sitting in two booths, across a foot path and adjacent from each other...  Two of the children ordered a steak burger and chicken fingers, both w/ fries.  Mom had a cup of chili w/ onions and cheese, and I ordered a strawberry milkshake to share.  Kids enjoyed their meals, Mom thought the chili http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/CDP1ghXEqVTKrxQnA3BYpA?select=hbKt52iPDQduRiz1huRszQ was mediocre ("the chili at the Sam Adams bar in that airport was much better!"), and I thought that the milkshake http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/CDP1ghXEqVTKrxQnA3BYpA?userid=M9rRM6Eo5YbKLKMG5QiIPA was too sweet.  We stopped halfway, and I decided I'd order my original choice of Hershey Special Dark.  This was much better-- not very sweet!  Nice that this also came w/ a few chocolate chips sprinkled on top... http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/CDP1ghXEqVTKrxQnA3BYpA?select=Jj17ry6dfdmjRpa3eh2OggHad to remind our server of the kids' forgotten mini-shakes.  An order of onion fries arrived that no one ordered-- very cool of the manager to offer it to us, anyway!  (That's how it should be, btw... rather than serving up soggy fries to the intended guest or throwing them away.)  Seems like everyone deemed the meal satisfactory.Maybe next time I can check out other menu items...
3	Steak and Shake and I have a weird relationship....milkshake wise, I have absolutely no complaints...flat out love them any flavor anytime....but ordering food here is very complicated.....no matter what the order, it's ALWAYS missing something...what is up with that?  I order a chicken patty melt and half the chicken is missing....or the bread is missing or the bacon is missing?  I am afraid to ask what might be going on in that kitchen so from now on it's strictly milkshakes for me.
1	Awful!! They drenched my super-salty hotdog in so much sweet relish I almost couldn't tell how salty the hotdog was. Awful awful awful!!!!! The cashier was nice though.
3	Based on service only. Food and shakes are very good.
5	My family loves this place, the food is so good, we always leave so full and the milk shakes are awesome!
2	This was the slowest Steak n' Shake I have ever been to! I waited in the drive-thru line for about twenty five minutes when there were only two cars in front of me. I would have just went inside but I had felt I had already committed and would probably have waited just as long inside.Once I got to the window the girl did not apologize for the wait or even say hi. Just told me the total and then handed me the bag not even a good bye. I'm not expecting insane service at Steak 'n Shake but an hello and good bye would be nice.I will say the fries were gold and soggy but that burger with the egg and bacon on top was so good for a fast food burger!
4	I love Steak 'n Shake, and it's always my "Go to" place. The food is great, the servers are extremely nice, and it's just a laid back atmosphere. Not to mention, the service is pretty quick!I guess the only cons to it are: 1. The food accuracy could be improved. Meaning, the past 4 times I went there I ordered my taco salad with NO TOMATOES, and each time, I got tomatoes. One time I got my salad with tomatoes and no taco meat. (It IS called a TACO salad isn't it?) I think I've just settled for tomatoes since I always end up getting them anyway.2. The drive-through is kind of slow, and I always feel extremely rushed even if there isn't anyone behind me. I think they can slow down a bit...
5	The customer service is excellent.  The food is excellent for the price, at $5 a person you are essentially paying fast food prices, but you get a bit more here.  The service is very nice and the manager always comes to your table and checks up on you.  This place can get very busy sometimes.I have better service at this place than I got at Blue in downtown Charlotte.
5	They ran out of pickles at one point.  Then they ran out of pretzel buns.  I wanted an expired offer without realizing it was expired.  The manager honored it anyhow.  This type of service keeps me coming back.
