5	I found Camelback Crossfit (formerly SHC Fitness) through a friend that had joined. I had been doing crossfit for a little over a year, and was looking for a new gym. (CF gyms are pricey!)I was happy to learn that this gym's membership wasn't too expensive comparative to other CF gyms, so I figured it couldn't hurt to check it out. I'm SO glad I did - the trainers / coaches are awesome, and the group of people that work out there are super motivating, welcoming and keep you energized. I really like that CBCF has beginners classes as well as regular CF classes, so there is a place for anyone that wants to workout. It's a great gym, with great people, with great pricing.
5	Amazingly supportive staff :) It's the cheapest around, but don't let that fool you... These guys know their stuff! They really care, they'll teach you technique, and put you to work shaping your body. A good place to get your butt kicked... in the best possible way ;)
5	Love this place.  Good crossfit staff and the price is the best ever in the valley.
5	I joined for Fit City for the price and convenient location but stayed for the community. Workouts are tough but constantly varied making it fun. Members represent all ages and fitness levels making it very welcoming box whether you are new to Crossfit or a veteran.
5	After searching the internet for a crossfit gym that wasn't ridiculously expensive I stumbled across Fit City Crossfit  that's only $75 a month.. HOLY crap! That's like half the price of everything I've found! So I contacted Matt (the coach) and signed up.Now I've been going here 3 times a week for about a month now and to tell you the truth, I couldn't be happier! Matt keeps on you to do your best, the people there are actually nice and help keep you motivated, and I feel amazing! Another thing is the place looks small, that's because it is, and its not a bad thing by any means. Actually I think it helps it, by making it a smaller class so you get  critiqued on your form and if your fatiguing, to push a little bit more. Also it makes you come out of your shell and talk with other people working out because of your close proximity, which for me I never really did because I was focused on getting my workout in and getting out. Also having someone close to ask what certain parts of the WOD are helps, so I'm not doing it wrong haha
5	SHC Crossfit is Fantastic... It has changed my life, seriously, I love it.  I started crossfit at another box that was twice the cost of this box.  SHC Crossfit is not only less expensive it also has far better coaching than my 1st box!  Come check out SHC Crossfit... you won't be disappointed.
5	Place is the best in the city for crossfit. Matt knows his stuff, and will accommodate when someone is inexperienced, new to working out or crossfit, or just isn't feeling the workout that day. All the regulars are super supportive, and even if your the last to finish a WOD the rest of the group is cheering you on, there are no stragglers, everyone's in it together. Could be a bit bigger, but can't beat the price, and Matt is always looking to make the experience better and add new elements to the workouts. If your gonna try crossfit, I'd definitely try it here.
5	Best  fitness gym around, Matt is a fantastic supportive coach. Classes are fun and very enjoyable. Would recommend to anyone wanting something more no matter what level of fitness.
5	Camelback Crossfit is a world class Functional Fitness gym located in South Scottsdale, or SoSco, if you're that guy. It's safe to say that these gyms all have the same stuff in them, but CBCF  has one thing, that no other gym does- Coach Matt. Coach Matt is a tremendous fitness expert who provides quality instruction and training to all the members of the gym. Coach Matt is super encouraging, positive, and highly knowledgeable in all things fitness. In addition to knowing his stuff, Coach Matt also fosters a positive environment throughout the entire gym, so that none of the typical gym douchiness or cliques are a factor. All the other athletes at CBCF are very helpful and encouraging.CBCF has competitive athletes, regular people, newbies, and people like me who are clueless. Regardless of what group you align with, you will find a comfortable fit at CBCF!  Everyone is welcome, and the veterans there are super helpful and supportive.I can not recommend this gym highly enough. If you're ready to change your life- stop your search and get started. Coach Matt and CBCF can help you reach all your fitness goals. If you are ready for an amazing experience, where you will work hard, and reap the benefits, then check it out.Why not you?
5	As far as crossfit gyms go, this one has great programing. There's always a good balance of strength, skill, and metcon. I've been to a good amount of other crossfit gyms and the coaches are not always the most helpful. the coaches here really help you dial in form before going to heavy weight. Coaches at other gyms may just yell at you to "get up!" if you're struggling with a lift but coach Matt and Dom will actually give you advice that will help you get the lift done. Such as, "knees out!" Or "keep your core tight!"  Oh and did I mention this is probably the lowest cost crossfit gym in the country?
5	I love this community!!  When I started with them 4 years ago I was out of shape and overweight, today, with the help of Coach Matt & Dom, I feel like the sky is the limit!  If you're looking for a change from the same ol' boring gym workout, there is no better place than Camelback Crossfit!
5	I love working out at camelback crossfit. Coach Matt provides a different workout everyday so you will never get bored. In the first month, I was so surprised at how much stronger I got. The environment is very friendly to new members, especially people new to the area. Most of my friends are people I met at crossfit. I highly recommend this gym!
5	The coaches are awesome! They are encouraging and keep you focused. The workouts are challenging and since I joined last year, my endurance and strength have improved tremendously (thank you coach Matt and to all of those who have cheered me on)!! I've met so many friends from this community and I look forward to each workout :)
2	Been in AZ for about 5 days now. Looking for a gym that's cardio intensive without weights and the generic things that I can do on my own. I currently work out 5-6 days/week, and was a varsity athlete in college. Went here for two reasons: 1) to learn about what the buzz is all about with CrossFit and 2) to find a home gym for the summer. My impression is that the community was a bit cult-ish, perhaps because the group was younger than myself. I've learned from talking to friends that this is the norm for CrossFit, in general. With that said, you couldn't pay me to do CrossFit (mainly b/c I have enough self-motivation and can do those things on my own. The group dynamic does nothing for me). However, I can understand how it may be a great fit for certain people. I'll continue my search for the right gym so look out for other reviews. But that's not why I rated it so low. If it doesn't float my boat, then that's okay. The rating comes from poor management and running of the location. I asked very specific questions and was hoping to learn about CrossFit -- before jumping into the actual workout. Once the running outside started (given that I'm from NY), I quit. I have no desire to faint in this heat. But the owner/manager would have known that I was new to the area (and it's beautiful yet atrocious weather/heat) -- had he conducted proper due diligence.
5	Camelback CrossFit (Formerly UHC Fitness) is AMAZING! Coach Matt & Dom are awesome. They push you without being mean. There is such a wonderful sense of community at this gym; I wouldn't go anywhere else. Every day is a new, fun challenge awaiting me with smiling faces at 5 in the morning! Great hours for worker bees like me, great value compared to other gyms and nothing beats the people.CrossFit has gotten a bad rap in the press, but like any workout, it's what you put into it. Is it easy running in Arizona weather outside? No, of course not, but we all have to know our limits and Coach Matt and Dom are excellent at evaluating the strengths and limits of their athletes and will work with you to find a workout that is beneficial and safe.Look no further than Camelback CrossFit for the best workout and community you will find.
5	Been coming to camelback crossfit for the past 2 months now and it has been a fun and welcoming experience. The workouts are well planned out and challenging. The coaches are great and really encourage you in the right way. I really like how they advise me to use a safe amount of weight. They really want you to have a safe workout and dont pressure you to be lifting crazy amounts of weight overnight! The group that works out at this gym are the BEST! Everyone is super nice and really encouraging. Crossfit can be very intimidating and I felt welcome right away!
5	A wonderful group of people. Best coaches.  And now that their new location is open, the box is even better. A great space, lots of room, running on the green belt.  Plus lockers and showers. Quite a step up.
5	A group of friends and I dropped in here while vacationing in Scottsdale.  There were a lot of nearby gyms to choose from, and boy are we glad we chose this one!  Matt was extremely hospitable to us out-of-towners.  While our workout consisted of only bodyweight movements, we could still tell that the gym was well-run and that Matt would be just as great as a coach for olympic/barbell movements, as well.  Not only was he a great coach, he also gave us recommendations of places to dine in the city - super hospitable!We will definitely return to CBCF the next time we're in Scottsdale!
5	I've been a Camelback CrossFit member for eight months and have loved every second of it. Being new to CrossFit I was naturally nervous to join.  However, with Coach Matt and Coach Robert's help, I felt completely comfortable every work out. Not only are you getting best in class coaching but you really feel like all of the coaches care about you. The monthly fees are the best in town.
