1	I hate this CVS and will no longer be filling my prescriptions here, even if it is the closest place to my house to do so.I originally liked CVS because they let you refill your prescriptions online, but half the time when I come in to pick up the prescriptions, they tell me my prescription isn't eligible for a refill yet, completely wasting my time.  They blame it on the web site people, saying they have nothing to do with it.Tonight their pharmacy closed early for Memorial Day, even though I checked their hours on the web site.  Again, they blamed the web site people.I've now taken time out of my day twice in the last week to get my prescription and still don't have it.  I'll be switching to the 24 hour pharmacy at the Walgreens down the street from now on.Oh, and one of their employees laughed in my face and then wanted to argue with me tonight when I was visibly upset about having to come in a second time to get my prescriptions and having them close up shop early.This just solidified it for me... their customer service is just the worst!
3	I rarely come into this CVS location, but when I do it's an OK experience.  Was in the area and stopped by the other day to pick up some Dark Chocolate Candy for the Better Half.....she loves the Dove Dark Chocolates and they have them at CVS.  Fast checkout and clean store....what more could I ask for?Return Factor - 50%
2	Going downhill fast!  If you have time to waste, this is the store for you.  The last 4 times I've been to this store it's a non-stop waiting game.   I waited 10 minutes in the drive-thru just to drop the prescription off.   Come back the next day, in the store and after waiting 10-15 minutes, I'm told that they needed to make me aware that it would be a $5.00 prescritption - okay, oh yea, and we'll need another 10-15 minutes to fill it.  I come back the next day to pick it up because I'm in a hurry only to wait again of course and then the prescription is $30.00 which I'm okay with but crazy me, I like the information I'm being told to match up.  The employees are nice enough but it's time to hire some more staff and improve your customer service CVS.  Walgreens down the street is looking better all the time.
3	The normal CVS atmosphere. The place is clean and the staff is friendly. If you need booze and TP. This is your place.
1	They hire nothing but unskilled assholes at this location. One time I came in to buy a Gatorade and a news magazine, from the moment I came in they were rude, they were following me everywhere I went in the store as if I was going to steal something, and when I was looking for the gatorades I accidentally stumbled upon the alcohol section and got yelled at by one of the employees that I'm not old enough to be there and I shouldn't be anywhere near there even though I didn't even go into the alcohol section and I was just looking for the gatorades. On top of that, when I went to pay for the magazine and Gatorade, while they had an employee stalking my every move to see that I didn't steal anything, the cashier was extremely rude to me talking to me with an angry voice and even overcharging me for the Gatorade leading me to only getting the magazine instead. Overall, all the employees were rude to me and all of them were profiling me from the start. And then another time I went in, months later, I went in to pay for something and I was wearing my "register to vote with me" button because I had been doing voter registration earlier, and the cashier was extremely rude not wanting to attend me and even telling me that she doesn't vote and she thinks voting is dumb and whoever votes is dumb like me. CUSTOMER SERVICE IS THE WORST AT THIS LOCATION, DO NOT GO THERE.
1	I will not be returning to this location!  The manager working on Friday night 4/18/14 was very rude!!  I purchased 2 GUM Go-Betweens for my daughter and went back  to return them 10 minutes later because they were not the right size that my daughter uses.  I originally purchased them with a GUM manufacturer coupon and upon getting my refund the cashier said " since your  getting  money refunded to your credit card,  it is against store policy to return your $1.00 manufacture coupon back to you".  I said " that is not right because I need to repurchase the correct size Go-Betweens at another CVS perhaps".  I had just given the coupon and knew it was in her register.  I then asked for a manager.  As he approached the counter he said "no, you can not have your coupon back it is the policy of CVS".  He then proceeded to say "If you go to Walmart and use a coupon they would not go to their office and get it for you when you return something.  I said that is wrong.  Most cashiers return your manufacture coupon if it is right in their register.  He then just walked away from me and did not resolve the problem.  Later, I called the CVS I usually go to.  I explained what happened and how it was handled and was told by a woman, CVS does not keep the manufacture coupon and he should have instructed the cashier to return it to me or give me a $1.00 gift card in place of it.  I think the CVS at this location is handing in manufacture coupons just so they do not appear under at the end of the night.  The district manager should really be aware of managers like this because I was hesitant to ever use a coupon in a CVS again until I decide to call another location and get the truth of how their policy really works!!  BE CAREFUL ABOUT THIS WHEN YOU ARE SHOPPING IN THIS STORE!!!
4	Every time I walk in I am greeted by a friendly staff member. The store has most anything in it. Cosmetics, food snacks, liquor, gifts, pet items. Photo developing. I haven't used the pharmacy yet but plan on it soon. FYI there is a drive thru.
