2	Although I feel bad for having to say it, because the owner is really nice, this place is pretty underwhelming.  The decor is nice, albeit a bit generic, but the service, food and drinks are less than mediocre.  Starting with service: admittedly the place has only been open a couple months, but the waitress (really young girl) seemed to be more concerned with checking out the busboy than serving.  Had to ask for a water 3 times when she kept returning to the table without it, she told us one of the sauces was a vegetarian brown sauce--but when we asked the owner (who brought out the food) she said it was a red sauce with meat.  The drinks at the bar were REALLY weak, but priced pretty decently and the food was pretty good.  Based solely on food, they probably would have gotten 3.5 stars, but service and drinks brought it down to 2.  The chicken marsala was good, but skip the spaghetti that comes with it, try for a different side because the sauce tasted really old.  Word on the street is the Greek side of the menu is much better than the Italian, unfortunately I went with the latter.Perhaps, as with most new restaurants, with time and fine tuning things will get better.  Let's hope so.
5	Ok! Enough People, first things first! It's a FAMILY owned restaurant HELLO people if your looking for a chain go down the way to applebee's or something. I absolutely love this place I try to go at least once a week. Ya the service can be kinda slow on a Friday or Saturday. By the way you picked FRIDAY AND SATURDAY!! The busiest time to go to dinner of course your going to wait for awhile. My suggestion is that you ask for the tall guy server with glasses he has been the best server when we go. The others are pretty new so give them a chance to get adjusted. On the food side, I found the food to be awesome I order the same thing every time the Gyro and Greek salad which I found to be really awesome don't forget the Blue Moon, Best Gyro in Town!. So my recommendation is that if you want a family owned not a chain cozy and buzzing with people and have no agenda than I highly recommend going.
2	The place feels nice, the people are nice. The food sucks.
4	Greeks come have some home cooking!  This place is great!  Small family run greek restaurant is always packed with people.  It goes to show how location for a restaurant is important but if the food is good they will come.  This place is nestled in a small retail center in the West valley.  We accidentally ran into it and boy did we find a home away from home. Great drinks, Authentic greek beers!The Saganaki (flaming greek cheese appetizer) is awesome they will light that plate and turn everyone's head as they yell OPA!      They have a great greek salad that goes well with most dishes.  The gyro's are great the meat is cooked perfectly! Pita's are pita's but they never disappoint.  The Lamb is a great dish although better be ready for portions because Peter (owner) is not a selfish man he makes sure you are getting fed.  For deserts the bacleva is a must!  Stop by and have a great dinner!
4	I have been to this place twice now and although there were some items that I was not a fan of...overall the food and service has been great !The place is small and cozy and the owners are very involved with every aspect of the restaurant. You can tell that the owners are passionate about what they do and you can tell that care about your business.Yummy items that I have tried and loved are:Hummus: Even if this was not homemade ( as indicated in a previous post) I do not care ...it was sooo good.The house soup..can't remember the name??? It is like a greek version of chicken soup. It is light and delicious and I absolutely love it !!Baked Ravioli in Alfredo sauce: I have had this twice and I will be getting it again and again...it was so gooey and flavorful.Steak and Lobster: This was a special on Valentines Day and both were cooked to perfection and needed nothing added to it whatsoever. This came with steamed veggies and red potatoes...also cooked perfectly.Flaming Baklava: This I have had twice also...it is baklava in all it's glory with scoop of vanilla ice cream and drizzled with orange liquer which the light on fire when they bring to your table.Not so yummy : ( Grape leaves: These were OK..I have had worse at My Big Fat Greek Restaurant...my main complaint with these was there was too much leaf and too much raw garlic.Spanakopita ( Spinach Pie): This looked delicious and had fresh spinach...but no flavor whatsoever...NONEMeatballs: Again too much raw garlic.All in all the good stuff that we have had and the great service we have received will keep me coming back to this place
1	Unfortunately because of an issue with the service and the owner i will not return to this place.What happened? Well, we decided to go to dinner here and sit out on the patio because it was a beautiful night.  When we sat I noticed they had the kitchen door propped open, which is a huge pet peeve for me, not only is it against regulation, it is gross. Anything can make it's way into the kitchen and into the food that is being prepared. I wanted to mention this to my server to see if it could be corrected. In the meantime 2 employees decided to grab a smoke right outside the kitchen door, one of which was the owner's wife. This really agitated me and thought it was disgusting.When the server returned I voiced my opinion and she apologized and said she would tell the owner. About 10 minutes later one of the employees that I saw smoking came out on the patio to steal a few drags off a friend's cigarette while the whole time just staring at me...as she walked past our table she blew the smoke right over to our table and smiled. At this point I was furious and just wanted to pay and leave. When the server returned I explained what happened and that I wondered if she had mentioned the situation yet to the owner. She said she would let him know. A few moments later the owner came to our table and said.." do we have a problem"? and it was not said in a nice way at all....I even doubted what I heard him say and asked what he said. Again he looked at my husband and said..."do you have a problem" and then turned to me and said the same thing. He was soooo rude I was speechless. I just said....nope ...we do not have a problem, we just will not come back. He just turned around and walked away.I am not sure why he responded this way, but I will not come back to a place where the manager has such disregard to one of their customers "problems".  Too bad Dino's...I liked most of your food, but you let me down.
5	I absolutly love this place.  It's family owned.  The owners are there everytime i have come in for lunch or dinner.  They really care about their customers and the quality of the food!!  I even see the owner jump into the kitchen and actually start cooking himself!!!   This place has a cute little patio where i can enjoy the weather, the sunset over the mountains and have some drinks with my friends.   what else could you ask for.  you say great service; well there is no doubt that Dino's has this as well.  An all around great place.  if you have never been here, stop by... you won't regret it.
5	I love Dino's! My favorites are Spaghetti Myzithra, Fettucine Carbonara, Spanakopita, Fish & Chips, Greek Fries, Garlic Prawns, Tzatziki, Calamari, Lamb Chops.....Geez, too many to mention. Last but not least, their Tiramisu is yummy! Great authentic food and great ambiance. In the owner's defense from a previous review, he is very meticulous (and takes great pride...well-deserved pride) in every aspect of his food and restaurant. I highly recommend this restaurant.
4	I had the Gyro Pita and it was delicious. My husband picked it up and brought it home, complained it was a bit slow but other then that clean. My only real complaint is the french fries were terrible! Tasted like they had been left over and re cooked to heat up. Will try again but not the fries!
3	We stopped in a few nights ago with a taste for some Greek food, looking for something new with a sit down atmosphere.The Atmospere isn't anything special, typical, stripmall restaurant, however the service was friendly and attentive and kept my iced tea topped off.I ordered the gyro plate, it came with fingerling potatos, pilaf style rice, and fresh veggies, oh and I almost forgot the mountain of Gyro meat on a huge pita with plenty of tzatziki. it even came with soup or salad.The food was good, the vegetables were fresh,  the gyro was more than filling. and reasonably priced.I didn't order desert but my mother in law who was with us did, normally she guilts me to help finish her desserts, but I said not this time, she guilted me into a bite though which was a very tasty bite though.it's not in our immediately neighborhood, but I would come back.
4	This has always been one of my favorite places since moving to Goodyear.  It is nice to have a personal touch from the owner.  Peter is involved in some communtiy events, but you will often find him chatting with the guests or in the back cooking.As for the food,  I must say I am stuck on their Gyro sandwich or Gyro platter.  My son and I visited Dino's yesterday for lunch and  the Gyro is packed and he loves that pita pizza..  I usually get the greek salad.  It is a tasty salad, but strayed yesterday with the fries, shhhh!I have been here many times.  Well I am listed as the mayor on 4sq/Twitter.  I will mention that sometimes Peter has trouble with staff 9getting good ones), but he has some mainstays in the restaurant that are good and fast, such as yesterday.  There have been times though that I have gotten frustrated.  The food has always been good, so I allow the annoying wait in lieu of a tasty meal.
4	We spent $46.08 on a calamari entree, a lamb shanks entree, and a glass of red wine. We got plenty of food that was fresh and tasty. The calamari was tender. I liked its saltiness, but some people might have found that overwhelming. You'll feel like in you're New Jersey or on the Island (as in Long) again.
4	My wife and I went there last night for the first time and we will go back again soon. The service was a little slow, but not annoyingly so. We both ordered Greek and it was excellent and plentiful. My wife had the lamb and it was tender and cooked to perfection. I had the moussaka and it was delicious. Because this was our first time there, the owner comped our baklava. Barely had room, but glad I ate it. Next time we'll try the Italian food. If you are looking for a locally-owned, reasonably priced dining experience, then try Dino's. You will not be disappointed!
4	Delicious Greek Food.   They have the best gyro pita sandwich in town.
5	Amazing food. Great service. Love the atmosphere.
3	I was a little disappointed with this place considering so many folks I knew gave it two thumbs up.  Maybe because of all the hype, I was expecting too much.  Both the hubby and I had the gyro and shared the cheese bread appetizer.  Let me just say the cheese bread appetizer deserved 5 stars.  It was awesome.  Our favorite gyro place closed down called Ararat's and I'm comparing Dino's to Arararats and Dino's doesn't even come close.  We also liked Ararat's rice more so than Dino's but Dino's potatoes were pretty good.The service was good so they definitely deserve kudos for that and it is nice to have a greek restauarant to go to close to home so we'll definitely go there again.  We'll probably try something different next time.
4	Great food, nice and comfortable place to have a great lunch or dinner..  great staff and service is excellent.
3	Went back with some friends to have lunch...had the gyro special for $5.95 (included fries). This was  delicious....service was good this time, but my friends knew most of the employees.
3	The food was just ok.  We ordered the Greek platter for 2.  We weren't overwhelmed with the flavors and didn't think it was a very good value at the price.  There were lots of sauces but only 2 pieces of pita and we had to pay for more.We were also there for happy hour but did not want to sit at the bar for dinner or sit outside in the cold.  We wanted to be comfortable so we sat at a table where I could reach over and pull on a bar chair.  The restaurant was empty except us, but they wouldn't give me a beer for happy hour price because I wasn't sitting in the bar.   Really?  I guess three feet makes all the difference.  Ok I'll just have water.  I don't know why some restaurants have this inane policy.  The restaurant is EMPTY.  I can see the server deflate every time I order water instead.
5	Definitely one of our favorite restaurants.  The gyros are the best!
4	Best eggplant parm in the west valley.
1	We are new to the area and decided to go eat at Picazzo's Organic Italian Kitchen in Goodyear this past weekend. Unfortunately it has closed due to the economy. We have eaten at the Surprise location several times and loved it. We noticed Dino's across the way from Picazzo's and decided to try them out. It was nothing special. Drinks were the only thing that was good..... We will not go there again!!!!!
3	I had the gyro and the meat was good, the pita fresh. They skimped on the tzatziki sauce and the red onion was chopped rather than julienne style, so they kept tumbling out of the pita. The served steak fries, which was  big bummer for me as I prefer the thin fries. However, I overheard another customer asking about the "old" thin fries, and they are coming back. I will get it a go again in a few weeks and try in again.
4	Love it!  We go here about twice a week for their lunch specials.  They have a great gyro sandwich special for like $5.  I don't get that though as I'm low carb so I get the gyro salad for $8.  SO GOOD!  I'm only giving it a 4 because I don't know how any of their other food is but their gyro salad is a 5 in my book! :)
4	First impressions mean a lot in the restaurant business.  Sadly this place is out of the way and does not get the street attention it might otherwise deserve.  We went here last night for dinner, a Sunday, another off night for me to be rating a place but the experience was good nonetheless. Not being overly hungry but not wanting to cook either, we thought we'd give it a try.  Margaret has been there several time in the past but this was my first visit.We were greeted and seated by a pleasant hostess, or possibly a waitress, I am really not too sure.  There is nice window seating and the sunset is visible and quite beautiful.Unsweetened Ice Teas for both of us to start.  Margaret had the Baba Ganoush with Pita Bread and I chose the Calamari dinner.  For only $6 more than the appetizer, the Calamari dinner comes with Potatoes, Rice, Vegetables, Pita Bread as well as a soup or Greek Salad....We shared the sides as she is not a squid fan and that's a shame as they were quite good, even with Tzatiki Sauce as opposed to Marinara.  The food came out fast, a little too fast actually.  I had only taken about 3 bites from my salad when the dinner arrived.  Everything was hot and fresh and it made me look forward to coming back and trying something on my next visit.  This was one of the few places to have dessert as I generally pass on that but the waitress says they were all home made items and the Tiramisu and Baklava were great so I chose to go Italian for dessert and take home a slice of the Tiramisu for later.  Great choice!!The verdict?  Definitely a place to go for the west siders!!  Based on locale, it might just be word of mouth that gets this place noticed as its so far off the beaten path to stop by accidentally.  I will be back, there are some other great looking dishes I have to try out! Enjoy!
5	Great neighborhood eatery. We eat here all the time! We really like the Greek and Italian food, but last time we tried the steak special - what a great surprise! Best steak in town, who knew? The owner is always present , the food is great and the service friendly. This is the best restaurant in the area, by far.
4	Not a lot of Greek Restaurants in my area, so I was delighted to discover this out of the way place. Good food, reasonable prices, and friendly staff. Nice little place.
4	I'm a huge fan of this restaurant.  The decor isn't the best and dining room is just so-so.  Nothing special.  I usually arrive early, eat at the bar, and chat with the bartender while watching a game on tv.The menu is extensive.  I counted four different Gyro's on the menu.  Four!  Which by the way is what I always order.  They range from $8 - $20 depending on what comes with them.  The dinner Gyro is so big you have to use a knife and fork, which is just fine by me.The owner is usually there hustling around and seems friendly.The patio is nice if it's cool enough out.  Much better than the dining room for sure.
5	Friendly staff and I come here for the $5 gyro sandwich lunch special. Someone else ordered meatball and pasta and has been very content.
4	IT IS ACTUALLY STILL IN GOODYEAR  AT THIS NEW LOCATION, THE WEST SIDE IS GOODYEAR AND EAST SIDE IS AVONDALE-"Dino's is moving! After June 1st they will be located at the SW corner of Dysart and McDowell in Avondale next to Einstien Bagels. I believe the last day at current location is the 27th. Bigger and Better!"
5	Really enjoyed lunch here.  I'll be back.  And, it's walking distance to the Brass Armadillo Antique Mall.  I can see many lunch-time visits.
2	We went to their old location a year ago. And tried the Italian food and kbobs and wasn't impressed. Our friends insisted that we go this weekend. So we gave the new location a try and we are just not a fan.
3	We had a lunch party there for a farewell event.  We had 35 people.  I ordered the Chicken Gyro with fries.  The service was good, the food tasted good, the place was clean and nice, but only 3 stars because we were only of the 1st groups from our party to order and was the last to get our food.  I would try it again without the huge group of people maybe it will be a better experience.
5	This restaurant used to be 5 minutes from my house, so I was a regular before they moved. I was a little disappointed when they relocated because it's a longer drive. I finally decided to check out their new spot. It was well worth the extra driving time. My favorite item on the menu, the Greek Salad, is even better than it was before. Everything tasted very fresh, with crisp dark green lettuce. The calamatta olives and feta were also better than ever. Yum!  I'm looking forward to going back...I may even try something else on the menu this time!
1	Very new and clean. Ok food. Gyro is like $15 (dinner) and at first impression looks huge. Until you realize under the gyro meat is a huge mound of shredded romaine. Never had lettuce served on a gyro. Way overpriced for what this food is. Good greek gyros all over the valley for half the price. Wife had Italian, again ok, but we could have went to oreganos for much better food and paid less. The service was absolutely terrible.
3	Had been wanting to try this place for a while and after having read the reviews, I knew I had to.  My best friend and I stopped by on a Sunday evening.  The place wasn't busy and there were plenty of servers available.  Which made me wonder why it took so long for us to have our drink orders taken (just an Iced tea and water).  This was only the beginning of the issue with the service...They have a fairly large menu with a great selection of both Greek and Italian cuisines.  We started with the hummus and pita as an appetizer.  It was very good and you could tell the hummus was freshly made.  My friend ordered the spaghetti and meatballs and I ordered the Spaghetti Oglio with feta (I asked if they could add some artichoke hearts and they did with no extra charge).  My dish was very good.  The servings are perfect if you want leftovers for the next day.  My bestie also said that her meal was great and also had plenty for leftovers!  Now to the only qualms we had with the place.  Once we got our meal, our server only came by once to refill my iced tea.  Other than that...she was pretty much invisible.  The other 3 servers were constantly visible around the restaurant.  One guy even had a table of 10 that he was checking on periodically.  Finally, when we were ready for our check we had to ask another server to inform ours that we were ready for our check.  Again, the place wasn't that busy and we literally sat there waiting for our check for a good 10-15 minutes before we finally had to ask for our server.  I would have given this review 4 or 5 stars, but I feel I had to scale it down due to the service (which really only refers to our own server since the others seemed to be pretty much on the ball).  She was friendly...I will not take that away from her.  However, she could use a brush up on some customer service skills.  We will be going back and would definitely recommend it to others, with hopes that the service is better.  I do look forward to trying the gyro as it looked delicious! P.S.  Whatever Italian dressing they use for the salad is perfect!
4	went there for lunch ordered two gyros which were surpisgnly filling almost didn't have room for my greek salad that I ordered. The gentleman serving us was great! We'd never eaten Greek before so we had many questions and he answered each one with a smile. Will be going back and will be recomending to others.
1	I stopped in for a late lunch at about 2:30 in the afternoon on a Wednesday. I was the only person there. I was seated quickly and ordered a calamari appetizer and a small Greek pizza. I substituted the ground beef that comes on pizza for giro meet. I waited for about twenty minutes and had three glasses of ice tea before the waiter checked on my appetizer. I chief forgot or didn't make the calamari yet. So about seven minutes later the calamari came out. It was soggy and tasted like it was fried in burnt oil. The pizza came out shortly after. The crust on the pizza was hands down the worst I have ever had. It tasted like an opened frozen pizza crust that had sat in the freezer for to long. $7.95 for the Calamari$12.95 for the Pizza$2.95 for ice tea.With tax it was over $25.00 dollars for food I would not feed to my dog.Do yourself a favor and stay away.
4	Jesse and I went there last night on whim after driving around aimlessly looking for a new place to try. It wasn't busy at 8:30pm but there were a few people at the bar and a large party enjoying themselves nearby. Our server was nice and quick when it came to serving. The menu is HUGE! I got the Mamouska and Jesse ordered the Greek Stirfry. Both were big portions and equally delicious. You can tell that there are some great people in the kitchen. The pita bread was soft and warm and overall we had a great time.
4	Saw a guy holding a sign on the corner of Dysart and McDowell advertising a Gyro deal and realized I had never seen the place before. Went in the next day and was seated quickly with a menu. Looked it over casually, knowing I already wanted to get a gyro since it seems difficult to find a good one in this part of town. Noticed they had calamari as an appetizer and ordered that with a gyro. The calamari was very good. A lot of places fry it to death and you end up with a chewy wad of batter. Theirs was excellent. The gyro was the 2nd best I've had in the valley, which is saying something considering how many I've tried and immediately forgotten. I will definitely be going back here again and it will likely be my go-to spot for gyros.
5	Tried the chicken and lamb sowlaki (skewers).   Both were great, came with lemon potatoes, rice and veggies with soup or salad.   Veggies could have been cooked longer, kinda hard but next time I will ask to cook longer.    My wife tried the bolognese and added meatballs and she really enjoyed it.   Went back again later in the week and tried the Gyro's........excellent.   Desserts are pretty good too.    Will be back again for sure........highly recommend.    Service was very good too.
4	I loved this place. Great atmosphere, the owner came to our table the first time we ate there, but not the second. The gyro meat is excellent-so good! The wait staff is very friendly and prompt! The patio is nice to eat at when weather permits!
4	One of my favorites.  Always good food and service... Prices are fair.   Try their Pizza and then have some Baklava!
5	Came here 6pm, almost every table taken up, no seats at bar. Ordered dolmathes and calamari which were reeeeally good!! I've been to their Goodyear location for their gyro which compared to others found in west valley is A++... Service was really good too, always checked on. Will come back and highly recommend!
3	Came here for dinner with 5 people this time, so hoping the experience was better.  The food was good for me but on the pricey side for the amount of food I got.  I got the baked pasta (Alfredo with chicken) and a piece of un-toasted bread.  Two people from our group wanted the gyro meat well-well done.  They said they could do it.  When the gyro dinner plates came out, they looked like they were shaved off and served.  We return 1 of the plates to make sure the meat was well done.  It came back barely touching any heat.  So the person in our group didn't eat all at.  =(  The service was friendly but lacking.  Not sure if the server was not doing her job or was new at it?
2	Greek night with friends on the westside.  I had the lamb sowlaki which was ok, I've had better.  The portions were a good size however not that tasty.  Speaking of tasty, the water tasted funny too. The fried zucchini that we had tasted like it came from the freezer. And the baklava was probably the worst I have had in Arizona.  Really soggy and the cinnamon was overwhelming.  Staff nice yet didn't seem to care to be there and working.
4	Dino's has great food. the Greek Pizza was awesome. The server was very attentive and the owner walked around and made her rounds. During dinner there was a piece of melted plastic on the pizza and i didn't realize it until i bite into it. I advised the owner and she made sure to take care of the issue. She gave us our pizza for free and made sure i was ok. She also said that if i continue to have issues or need to go to the doctor to let her know. Well i was sore for a couple of weeks but i healed ok. This restaurant earned 2 new customers and because of the service we recieved is the main reason why i will return to dinos
3	Meat sauce pretty good and we liked the Italian food, but haven't tried the Greek yet.
5	Good service, good food, and portion sizes were great. Left dinner satisfied and full. Definitely will be returning.
5	Ive been to this place many times. Pete the owner knows his greek food. Coming from a greek . This food is good! Also the dinner portions are huge!!
1	Worst experience ever!!! We went there for the first time and food was horrible. The only thing that was fresh was the tomatoes on my salad. We didn't go there to pay for food that we already have from walmart's freezer or in our pantry! We noticed there was an older man walking around greeting and clearing everyone's table ( perhaps the owner ) not once did he come and ask how our food/service was. I only took a couple bites of my salad and waitress took it back and never bothered to ask if there was a problem with it! My 4 yr old daughter didn't even eat her personal pizza and she loves pizza. We will never go back there again and will not recommend it to anyone!
2	I was really looking forward to trying this place out but I left disappointed.  Ordered pizza and pasta and all anyone could taste was chili pepper.  Spaghetti and meat sauce?  Chili pepper.  Baked pasta and cheese?  Chili pepper.The cheese pizza was cold and bland.The one positive was the tzatziki dip.  Now that was good.  I'd definitely order that again.The restaurant itself was also pretty warm inside.  And frankly, the food was entirely too expensive for what was served.
5	Great meal! We stopped here on a whim as we drove by and were pleasantly surprised. Our night began as an adventure across the phoenix metro area to Pei Wei to get one of their amazingly scrumptious looking lettuce wraps. When we arrived they informed us they were out of the pork and my boyfriend was so disappointed he insisted we leave and go somewhere else. Our date night was clearly off to a good start. As we drove away crushed we noticed a sign for Greek and Italian food and decided to give it a try. First thing I ordered was a pomegranate margarita - one was enough to get me buzzed! :) The hummus was amazing, pita was fresh and delicious. I ordered the salmon which was perfectly cooked! It came with the tomato basil soul which was drool worthy! My date ordered the gyro plate and it was so good he forgot all about the Pei Wei fiasco. The portions were large for the amount we paid (12 to 15 dollars for an entree and 5 dollars for a hummus appetizer) and we would have gladly paid more for what we received. Overall we were impressed and will definitely come back to Dino's!
3	Usually have the gyro meal. It is ok. Price is good. Haven't tried anything else. The place was usually empty when we went which was nice with kids, but this was at the Indian school location. Not my favorite Greek place on the west valley but it will do in a pinch.
4	Nice family owned diner atmosphere, friendly staff, and very good food.
5	You will get an excellent meal.  Family owned:  no chain here.  The made from scratch soups are outstanding.  There is something for everyone.  Try the Lamp Chops, they are the best.  Peter's special prawns are also good (bacon wrapped cheezy shrimp).  Portions are large enough to have some left to take home.
4	great good and has great taste. Their italian food and greek stir fry were great and the waitress was awsome. Will recommend
5	Very Good Greek food with a nice family atmosphere.  I get a sense this place is family owned by the hospitality and time they take to explain the menu.  Diner like atmosphere, outdoor seating and very clean.  This very well may be the best restaurant (not just Greek) in Goodyear.
1	I like to go to restaurants and order the food that I can't easily make at home; you know either to complicated or difficult for my skill level. After ordering a meal here; I would have to say this place does not cut it at all. Everything I had here tasted like it was cheap ingredients just thrown together. I ordered the chicken cordon bleau and it was a cheap chicken patty topped with a couple slices of Canadian bacon and some cheese. Really makes you wonder if they know what the dish is supposed to look like let alone how it's supposed to taste. I won't be back; I tried something new and left feeling disappointed that I didn't go to Taco Bell instead.
1	Never write reviews but have to on this place. Food was WAY overpriced for the quality. We waited a long time to receive just  our house salad. When we got our food it was very disgusting , bread was stale and food was cold. I was so disappointed I wasted 60$ on a terrible dinner for my family & I.
3	Great food, but go during lunch if you can it's a lot cheaper. Atmosphere was just ok but the food makes up for it
2	Positive- service prompt, gyro meat in excellent. Neg- calamari horrible. Tasted half cooked with a hint of fish. Lemonade cold with not the typical city water flavor but actual sewer water taste. I didn't believe my Mom... But yes..very accurate description. Not coming back. Had to suck lemons to cleanse the palette
5	The Gyro dinner was excellent. Plenty of food and delicious too.
5	Great location and the restaurant has a pleasing ambience.  The menu is chock full of Italian and Greek dishes that are sure to please!  The servers and owner were attentive, and the food was delicious... Generous portions which I appreciate!  We'll be coming back for sure... Looks like they have great Happy Hour specials, too.
5	Fun friendly place great bartender good food! Sydney loves the grape leaves!  They are home made and wonderful. clam chowder? In a Greek- Italian restaurant?? Yes. I'm from New England and we make the best chowders in the world and I was hesitant so the barkeep Kristen said it was worth trying. She was right. It was good. Creamy and rich. My steak was a very nice 10oz strip. The Greek potatoes were excellent and veggies were too.  Plenty of food for the price. Sydney had the salmon salad and she said it was really good! Service is above most in the area and is done by committee. Everyone is involved and welcoming.
1	I made a yelp account for the sole purpose of reviewing this restaurant, I felt the need to warn others not to waste their money. So expensive, and the food is a 2 on a scale to 1 to 10. The rice taste like it's out of the box of Rice-A-Roni, even my infant wouldn't eat it. The potatoes were way overseasoned and after one bite you can't eat any more. The pizza was the worst pizza I've ever tasted, After reading positive reviews, I decided to go try this place out and boy was I disappointed.... The cheese was burnt so they covered it up with more cheese and burnt that too.  The only positive thing I have to say is that the tazitki sauce was tasty...gyro meat was ok. Just okay, A total waste of $20. Smh
3	Pretty good + huge portionsVisited Dino's with some family in town.  Greek salads were not all that Mediterranean, but still yummy.  Pretty much everyone in our group went with the Gyro Platter, which is HUGE!  None of us was able to finish everything on it.  The gyro meat is what you expect, pita bread was soft and warm, and the rice was rich.The waitress was really pleasant, though we went stretches without visits.  She was handling the entire restaurant and four larger groups were there counting ours.  I'm sure she would have been more attentive if there were another wait person.Not remarkable, but still a good spot for a Greek meal in the Avondale/Goodyear area.  And if you're looking for lots of food for your dollar, this is definitely a place to visit.
3	Happy hour info is misleading. Husband and I ordered 2 beers (from the happy hr menu posted at the bar...as you walk in) and an appetizer, as well as a meal. When I got the bill, APPARENTLY in order to get "happy hr" prices you HAVE to sit in the bar, or on the patio. What?!? Really deceiving. And our server never informed us. Food was good. Large portions. Service was ok. Clean place. Not sure I'll go back.
1	My wife and I went out for a nice evening and requested outside seating.A half hour into our meal outside a group of smokers came out and smoked us out while we were trying to have dinner. Tried talking with the group of people and they were very rude because I had asked them to politely stop smoking while we enjoyed our dinner since they had already enjoyed there's inside. I then went inside to talk w the owner and he explained that he knew the rude people  and that it was ok to smoke out there after 8. We felt very disrespected and all because we wanted to enjoy our meal outside. We have recommended this place to many people but after tonight we will never go back.
1	My husband and I would say that this place is one of our favorites but after tonight we will never go back !! We have never felt so disrespected anywhere and had a horrible experience. I'm truly saddened from this :(
4	I love that this is a small mom and pop place. The owner is always so nice, he comes to our table and asks how we are enjoying our food. The HAPPY HOUR drinks are a great deal, and the food is delicious... I highly recommend the DOLMADES... they are creamy and oh so tasty!
5	First time here, the food was great! The Fettuccini Carbona was out of this world. It's clean warm atmosphere is very  welcoming and friendly. Definitely coming back for happy hour
5	Our first time here.. I was expecting much! Wow what a pleasant surprise. There were 5 of us and we all loved what we ordered.  I had a Greek Pizza and every tasted it and loved it.  MIL had lasagna loved it, hubby had meat Pizza and loved it.  SIL had Gyro and loved it! It was huge.  BIL had  chicken skewer (can't remember the name. He raved about it. Waitress was great, the owner came over to see where we were from.. Very pleasant man.
4	I saw the Yelp reviews and decided to try Dino's Greek and Italian Grill. The real driver for me was seeing that they had stuffed grape leaves, stuffed with meat. Most everywhere else I've tried only has the vegetarian version.My family made stuffed grape leaves when I was growing up, and it's one of my favorite dishes. We called it yabra, the Greeks call it dolma or variations of that word. The recipe I grew up eating has beef, lamb, rice and tomato sauce as the primary ingredients of the filling, wrapped in a grape leaf. Dino's version has beef and rice, and some sort of lemon juice or something. It was very good, and I'll go back for it again. I don't think it's nearly as good as the version with tomato sauce, but it's still better than any others I've found in a long time.I also had a lamb gyro. The meat was nicely cooked, and the portion size is about the same as most gyro's. The meat was in rather large chunks for a sandwich, and I ended up using a knife and fork to cut it into smaller pieces. The flavor was excellent.Service was excellent.  The same person seated me and was my server. There was only a small lunch crowd, maybe 4 or 5 tables. She was attentive without being a pest, courteous, and got everything right. I'll be back to try some of their other dishes.
5	Went to Dinos was very haapy with the food and the service. Was greeted with a smile from Matt the bartender and the other patrons were also friendly. We ordered Peters special shrimp. It was soooo good! The prawns wrapped in bacon and stuffed wih jalapenos and stuffed with chesse was cooked perfect. The bacon was crisp and the shrimp was not overcooked. I ordered the ceasar salad my husband ordered the greek salad very good all homemade dressings! It is a family owned business the owner Peter checked with us to see how the food was he really cared about what he was serving. I can not wait to return
