5	Highly recommended, A++ staff. After just moving to Vegas, I was faced with having to put down my 13 year old Lab.  As this is never an easy thing to do, it helps, tremendously, when the Veterinary staff is so compassionate and empathetic.  Each member of this team seemed to care as much for Beau as I did.  They showed him the care, respect, and love you will only find from those truly committed to animals.  I could continue to praise Dr. Books, and his staff, for pages, but the conclusion would be the same, MAKE THIS YOUR PET'S PRIMARY CARE FACILITY.
5	I live over 30 mins away and STILL drive here on a regular basis to have my animals seen by the best staff in town!!! Everyone there genuinely loves animals and treats my two dogs amazing! The office itself is very clean and organized. I am always greeted promptly and someone is always there to help and get me started quickly. I have never had to wait more than a couple of minutes before I was put in a room and seen. I have boarded my pets there numerous times and my dogs come back healthy, and happy!  On a trip for an allergy in one of my dogs they were the best once again. I love the fact that if you have your pet seen again for an on going problem you don't pay the exam fee every time!!! My little dog had her teeth cleaned there as well and it was super inexpensive and they did SUCH a great job. The reason they get 5 stars is because when one of my dogs got lost they called me ASAP to inform me that they had gotten a call from the microchipping company and my dog was returned within a couple of hours!!!!  I can't rave about them enough and will continue to give them our business!!!! It's SOOOO worth the drive for a clean, honest, and genuine animal hospital!!
5	I have been taking my puppy to this vet for 6 months, and I have to say that I have never been more pleased with a vet or their office.  I'm rarely this pleased with any business.  Everyone is friendly, enthusiastic, and accommodating.
5	We take all four of our dogs here,  Dr. Matt is the one for us although they all are nice.  He is exceptional and really a pleasure to have work with on our treasured dogs.  We have German Shepherds, a Shitzu and a tiny Yorkie. They all love Dr. Matt and he is very at ease with the whole menagerie ... Just can not say enough good about this clinic and Dr. Matt!!!!
5	This hopsital is immaculate, they all LOVE animals and care for them in the best possible way.  I had a dog that was in a dog fight,  I called in a panic and came in on Emergency and the vet himself came out and helped me get her in the hospital and took such good care of her, I just can't believe what a caring and compassionate person and amazing doctor he (Dr. Brooks) is.  When the bill came, I was ready to mortgage the house or give up my first born, but the bill was a shock, it was so affordable, I just can't believe he did everything he did for such a nominal fee.  It really let me know that he cares about the pets and its NOT all about money.  I would never want to go anywhere else with my pets.  If you want the very best for your pet, this is your vet.
5	Dr. Burghardt is the best!  So caring and interested in what you have to say!  We have been going for a year and will be a life long client!!
5	We learned about this Veterinarian office while guests at Oasis RV Resort last April. We are full time RV'ers whose home base is Las Vegas and we travel a lot in the western states. We always locate a veterinary practice when we plan to stay a month or longer to insure we have care if and when needed for Gander, our 5 year old Weimeraner. We have had mostly good experiences and have chosen carefully but we cannot say enough good things about Dr. Brooks, his colleagues and Town Center Animal Hospital. Gander has received excellent care and we never have a problem making an appointment even though our schedule doesn't always provide a lot of lead time. If you are looking for a reliable, professional Veterinary practice to entrust your pet(s) to...........this is it!!!!! OUTSTANDING
5	I am so happy my GF found this place for our Himalayan cats.  We had been going to a different vet that was closer but must have been completely ripping us off now that I have some comparative pricing. The money spent here is very fair and they will even work with you on putting down just a percentage of cost if you have a higher bill to pay. The Vet doctors are all very nice, intelligent,  professional and I think my GF has a crush on one of the young docs so that's a plus for all you girls (or some boys) out there. Ha! Our cats have been there for spaying and other blood tests. They have been very informative and always took great care of our extended family. Doesn't get any better than Town Center Animal Hospital.
5	We love this place!  Every time we've ever been here they have been fair, honest, and upfront. They try to find the best solution for you at the lowest cost.  They don't charge you multiple times for office visits for the same problems. They are great. They treat every one of your animals like they are your children and take great care of them.  The doctors are very friendly and porfessionaly and the front desk staff is fantastic.  It is worth the drive no matter where you live in Vegas.
5	What a friendly place.  I am one of those crazy people who spends more time researching their dog's vet than my own doctor.  Last vet I had I loved to death and he was incredibly helpful.  So the standards were high.I took my dog there when he got an ear infection (again) and told them I didn't have a lot of money at the moment and they were considerate of that and made sure I knew how much everything was before they did everything.  I saw Dr. Morales both times and she was very helpful and nice.  I highly recommend Town Center and I will definitely be going back.
5	Started going in 2009 with my dog, Phoebe. All the staff and vets are soooo friendly and I have never had a problem getting Phoebe in for whether it be an urgent matter, or just a well check-up. Very pleased :-)
5	I got an 8 week old puppy and Town Center was recomended. They have a "puppy package" that you can .get for a set price that covers all shots and exams.. I shopped around for the best price on getting my dog(Roxy) spade. They had the best price i could find. So i was happy because it's such a nice, clean, and new place. They can even do it laproscopically for an extra 100 bucks(tiny incision and only 1 day recovery time). A year later my dog ate a tennis ball, so i called around and again they had the best price to surgically remove it! Thanks doctor Burghardt!  The 24 hour emergency service is a lifesaver too. All four of the doctors there are very professional, kind and patient, BUT, my favorite is DR Jill Cordeiro..now I ask for her every time..She is Awsome! wish i would have yelped this place sooner to share what a great place this is with all the high tech equipment, smart young doctors, and prices that cant be beat...KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK TOWN CENTER! ! !  would definatelly recommend:)
5	I took my dogs to the Town center Animal Hospital today for the 1st time.I was impressed with the friendly service on the phone .The office was really easy to find with the very good directions I was given.When we got there I was greeted quickly by more of their helpful friendly staff.They were all great with my dogs,and one of them can be quite a hand full .The doctor ,Dr. Cordeiro,was very patient , knowledgeable ,and good with my dogs.She gave mes a couple different treatment options and prices for each .The prices were exactly what they quoted without extra charges thrown in which always seemed to happen at the other place we used to take them.With the great people and great prices ,I can't imagine going any place else.
5	The best animal hospital in town.  Period.All the doctors here are awesome.  The staff is great.  We were recommended to this place by our friend.  We've been taking our beloved pets here ever since.We had all of our cats here declawed and spayed and neutered.  They did a great job.  We also had to put down our old Collie here and they were very sympathetic about it as well as had good bedside manner in dealing with your bereavement.They are 24 hours for emergencies.  Our daschund is a big baby and when he bumped his shoulder / elbow full force into a door we rushed him here.  They looked at him and gave him something for his pain and suggested we do scans on him to see if there was anything really wrong.  We decided to wait a day and he turned out to be OK.I also referred by brother here to get his kittens spayed and they did awesome as well.  One of the kittens had a horrible reaction to the anesthesia but they saved her and she is fine now.Best. Place. Ever.  We're never taking our pets anywhere else.  This place is as good as it gets.  Highly recommend them.
5	I actually picked this place by default because it was the closest animal hospital to our house, and boy did we luck out!  They have taken excellent care of our dog for well checks and for overnight boarding.  We love Dr. Cordeiro, she is very thorough and sweet with Kona.  It is always easy to schedule appointments and the staff is very friendly.  We were surprised at how affordable the care/shots are too!  They often have coupons for new clients (right now they have one for a free exam for new clients on their website: www.towncentervet.com)
5	This was my first visit to Town Center Animal Hospital and I was referred by a friend. The staff there are wonderful and Dr. Morales is a very caring vet.  My dog gets very stressed in environments like this, but everyone took good care of her.  They even gave me great suggestions as to how to de-stress her for future visits.  This is exactly what I was looking for.  The last place we took her too were not helpful at all.  I highly recommend them!
5	I was checking around for a new vet on Yelp and found Town Center. We have been seeing Dr.Morales.  How nice and helpful they have been. She even calls to check on Hannah, our new 7 months old puppy.  Very happy with the care and the prices.  Would highly recommend. Bonnie S.
5	I've been here twice now for my dog that I've owned for a few months. The staff is sooo nice. You don't really need an appointment. Both times I was there I got right in, they did the checkup and whatever I was there for and I was in and out very quickly.Although they are not far from my house at all, I think it actually took me longer to drive round trip then it did for the actual visit lol.  Although I like their work, and definitely their prices... What I don't like is that I am taken to a pvt room and yet each time they THEN take my dog to somewhere else in the back and do the checkup and or cut his nails etc.  I want it to be done in front of me. I don't like that I'm not there to see it.  I haven't asked if I can go with him but I think next time I will.  All in all, they do a great job, fast, clean and my dog always comes out just as happy as when we went in.  They also do a great job answering any questions I might have. Oh and just fyi and this last part might sound stupid, but it can be difficult to do the paperwork/pay just before leaving when I'm trying to hold onto the leash and their counter is so high up.  I HIGHLY recommend this place to anyone.
1	We searched near and far for an animal hospital that didn't ask for my first born to pay off my vet bill. Very nice staff, they don't charge for everything little freaking thing and boarding is reasonably priced and they even give them a bath before they return home but-- there IS a but-- my pup has stayed over twice, close to a week each time and each time, she goes home with a SCRATCH on her nose (photo uploaded). The first time the caretaker said that it was because she kept sticking her nose out of the cage. This time around the Vet  said that it's bc of the BLANKET that she was using. WTF?! This dog always uses blankets and NOT once has she had scratched on her nose! Speaking of the Vet, this brings me to my next point...Chassie, our pup, came home coughing and having the dry heaves as soon as we got home from picking her up. I immediately called the TCAH and they said that I had to pay for an exam. WHAT?! She didn't go in like that, the least they could do it do a damn exam for her coming out like that! After bitching at the person on the line and putting me on hold for awhile, they came back on the line and said that I could come in for an exam, NO charge.I come in and tell what's going on, they take her temp, redo her nails (because the nail trim that they did was pretty weak) and have a prescription ready for her. I just didn't like the answers I was gettingMe:  "Will this always happen to her nose each time that she stays here?"Vet: "Yes."Me: "What causes it?"Vet: "The blanket that she uses."Me: "She uses blankets all the time, this has never happened before and the caretaker previously said it was due to sticking her nose out through the cage"Vet: "That would never happen"Everything is about this place could turn out 5 star worthy but I'm turned off by their board and care.Scratched nose because of a BLANKET???? Pssssshhhhhh...
5	We just took in our Yorkie puppy Max there yesterday... and we LOVED the visit, especially the vet, Jill Cordiero. Before I was taking Khloe, my other Yorkie pup, to West Charleston Animal Hospital, I liked the place but the vets seemed that they rushed through everything and were just there to give shots, not taking all vital signs like Dr.Cordiero did. I absolutely loved how she checked everything on Max, from mouth, ears, belly, hernias, to even his knees because Yorkies tend to have problems with them later on. I just loved the thorough exam, unlike at WCAH where they only check heartbeat. Dr.Cordiero will defiantly be Max and Khloe's new vet!!!!
5	I doubt Yelp would permit me to write a review long enough to encapsulate how much I LOVE Town Center Animal Hospital. I have two rescue dogs that for the past four years, have seen the vet at least every three to six months. (ranging from allergies, hip displaysia, arthritis, cancer and even a life-threatening attack from an unleashed dog). Through it all - they have been amazing. Very thorough and genuinely care about my animal. Just last week, we were forced with the decision to put one of our pets to sleep. The vet (Dr. Brooks) was amazing - realistic, compassionate and extremely sympathetic. While vet visits aren't the most affordable things in the world, I consider the bills at Town Center a small investment for the care my animals receive. My pets see either Dr. Brooks or Dr. Burqhart; although I've heard all of the doctors there are amazing.
5	We spent a lot of time at Town Center when our dog was receiving intensive treatment for what we thought was arthritis. When we learned it was bone cancer, the staff and vets were very knowledgeable and provided a lot of options for us to consider. When it was time to put her down, the staff was incredible and so caring- which made a terribly hard process so much better.  We even received a hand written note from the vet!
4	I received a call from Dr. Brooks one night and I was quite happy with the conversation that we had. He came across my review and expressed his concern with what my review said. I have a great appreciation for business owners that go the extra mile to ensure a client's satisfaction, and that's exactly what he did. He even went as far to say that if our pup was to ever stay at his facility again, he'd personally watch over her (even have her stay in his office) to make sure that she did not go home with the same scratch again. Also, he mentioned the fee that I was a bit frustrated to hear about... Dr. Brooks even figured out who it was that told me that and he apologized that I was misinformed, and that I wouldn't have to pay for an exam (ever) after our pet stays over. We have a time in October that we're are definitely going to give the board and care another try and hopefully come out scratch free ;)
5	I recently moved to the Summerlin area (with  my 6-year-old rescued pup). I had been referred to doctor at another animal hospital, but when I went to make the appt, he was no longer there - and the center was further away than Town Center. I've taken my dog to Town Center three times now - once for a general check up before trying doggy day care, once for what I thought was kennel cough (from doggy day care!) which end up being a respitory infection, and then this morning for what ended up NOT being a tick but over-reaction from this pet parent.Each time, the doctors (Dr. Codeiro twice, and Dr. Morales this morning) have been extremely kind, supportive, and patient - and they're good with my dog, too! For the last two visits, the staff has been able to get me on very short notice, and they are pleasant to work with. (Oh! And they followed up in my dog's respitory infection to make sure he was feeling better!)The prices are reasonable (and they didn't charge this morning for what ended up being a non-issue, though they probably got a good laugh at my expense - and that's ok b/c it was such a ridiculous overreaction on my part.) Overall, I'm glad I chose this animal hospital over any other, and my dog and I are quite happy with the service, care, and friendliness of the staff.
5	Cannot rave enough about this office and the support staff, vets, convenient hours including evenings and holidays, etc.  I recently experienced a tragic event with one of my beloved pets who I unfortunately lost.  I called Town Center Animal Hospital at 10 p.m. on a Saturday night.  They beat me to the office and I only live a mile away.  I've been in their office approximately ten times (I have a lot of pets :-).  They are always compassionate, efficent, and fair priced.  Recommend 100%.
5	Extremely pleased with the service from this business. It is good to know that there are still businesses that realize what excellent customer service means... We even received a personalized letter to welcome us to their practice. The service to our pets was equally fantastic.
1	We had a very unfortunate experience with the boarding service at Town Center Animal Hospital. We left our dog in their care for just over 24 hours. We were told she would be walked twice a day and fed according to her normal schedule. We picked her up with only half her food emptied from the bag (they obviously skipped her meal time as we gave them just enough for the length of her stay). Since we returned home she has wet her sleeping kennel once, wet in the house twice (that is very much out of the ordinary as she is fully house trained). We believe she was not walked and left to go potty solely in her kennel as her paws were very soiled as well. Her demeanor was shaken for a few days following her return home. We found it very strange for such a short stay there. We have had her in boarding numerous times in the past and have never experienced this. In short it was the worst boarding care we have experienced. I do not recommend them and quite honestly expected more out of a animal hospital.
5	Our Italian Greyhound Bella was quite sick last week and Dr. Brooks took very good care of her. He kept in touch with us and checked in to see how Bella was doing. He was extremely compassionate and  professional. She is back to normal now and we were so pleased with the loving staff and care she received. I would highly recommend Town Center Animal Hospital. They are open 7 days a week and there is always someone there to help your pets. Dr. Brooks is the best!! Bella is very happy now.......and so are we.
5	After a recommendation from our neighbors we took our GSD Zorra to Town Center Animal Hospital.  The facilities are top notch and the staff is very friendly.  Our dogs doctor is Dr Sanabria and he is outstanding.  He always takes the time to answer all of our questions and you can tell he cares about the animals he takes care of.  They also have 24 Emergency Service as well.  If you are looking for the best Animal Hospital in Summerlin TCAH is it!
5	I bought my pup to get neutered here yesterday. The reviews here are true. Amazing service. Dr. Codiero was my vet and she was a very sweet lady. She answered all my questions. My pup is like my baby to me and it was hard seeing him shake in nervousness but I know he was in good hands even though I thought I was gonna cry leaving him there for a few hours. Lol. I really like the fact that they didn't mind me calling to check up on him later during the day of his surgery and I really like the fact that they called me the next day to make sure my pup was eating okay and was doing good. Highly recommend and one last thing, lol prices here are really unbelievable. 65$ for dogs under 25 pounds. Amazing!! Very satisfied.
5	Love this vet for my little girl!  Dr. Cordero is awesome, she is very knowledgeable and helped diagnose our dog's food allergy after a couple expensive trips with another doctor.  I also love their boarding and grooming...it's so handy to have one place for all of these things.  Their grooming is decently priced and my little one comes out looking great.  I've tried a handful of places and this place by far is the best.  The lady that does the grooming is licensed in the state of Arizona as there is no license needed in Nevada, so you can see why she does a good job.  The boarding is a great price for both day or overnight.  I am so apprehensive about taking my little one anywhere as she is so small and is scared but I trust the staff here, they seem to really love her.  I am so disappointed that we moved and wish I could take this vet with us as it is so hard to find someone you trust to care for your little one.
2	I took my dog here for a teeth cleaning because my regular vet doesn't do them. I'm torn as to how many starts to give them because everyone here was so nice. I saw Dr Berkhart and he was the least weird vet I've ever experienced. He explained everything very clearly and took his time even though the office was obviously very busy. When I came to pick up my dog, however, I had charges for every vaccination under the sun! Which we did not discuss AT ALL. They asked me if he had been vaccinated, which I wasn't sure how long it had been. But my regular vet takes care of all of that, so the conversation ended there. After waiting in a room for 30 minutes, the doctor said that he thought we had discussed it and was sorry for the misunderstanding, he would credit me back. I was pretty annoyed that my poor little Wasabi had already been stressed with anesthesia and now had been pumped full of a cocktail of vaccines, but it was already done and they handled it very well. I understand mistakes happen and it seemed like they had a lot going on.Then the next day I got a message from the doctor saying they had given me a credit to use at a later date at the vet. Ugh. I called back, said that's not what we discussed, got a "ok, I'll talk to the doc and call you back." They again agreed to credit my card $60. It's now been a month and still no credit. I just called AGAIN  and they told me I have a $40 credit at the vet office, which does me no good because at this point I am never going back there. And of course the only person who can approve it going on to my card is on vacation. So over all this place has one of the best staff teams I've seen in a vet's office, but it seems like they just can't get their sh*t together!
5	Wouldn't take our dogs anywhere else. We have two mischievous dogs who get into things more than they should thus frequenting the vet more than most. Dr Brooks is very knowledgeable, helpful and you can tell how much he loves the pets. We've had a few after hours issues, it's so nice to have a doctor you can trust anytime of day or night. They never try to take advantage of you or sell you anything unneeded and have been able to "squeeze" us in when needed. I've never been happier with a vet!
5	Good prices, no waits, easy appointments, open 7 days a week. I wish I could get care like this! Griffin is well cared for so I'm happy.   I scheduled an appointment to have him fixed, hernia repaired and micro-chipped. My plans changed the night before as I got called into work. I showed up at the vet an hour and a half prior to my appt. They took me in, the whole vet team including Dr. Brooks rushed to accommodate me. I was out the door in time to get to work. Griffin was treated perfectly, they called me when the surgery was complete telling me his status and when to get him. Even after a few procedures I felt the price was very low. They answered my numerous phone calls (I'm one of "those" dog moms) with absolute patience. I worry less knowing knowing he's in good hands- that's saying a lot because I don't trust my furry child with anyone! Thanks TCAH  Especially Summer and Doc Brooks :)
5	I recommend this clinic and Dr. Brooks to all my friends. Dr. Brooks was the only vet to diagnose that my Golden Retriever had something severely wrong with his heart. He referred me to a specialist and it was confirmed that my dog had sub-aortic stenosis. The diagnosis is terrifying and I thought my dog would be dead within a year. This was 4 years ago. My dog has been on medication and has lived a happy, mostly normal life, thanks to Dr. Brooks and his initial diagnosis. You can tell Dr. Brooks really loves animals. He is very compassionate and he spends time talking to me about what is best for my dog. He doesn't try to gouge you with high prices and things that your pet doesn't need. I also like the fact that I can depend on him always being there. I left my last vet because we would get to know and trust a vet and they would be gone the next time we went in for an appointment. I like knowing that Dr. Brooks knows my dog and his history and he will always be there for him.
5	Yelp 100 Challenge 2013- 22/100After reviewing Yelp, I decided to give this place a try. I couldn't be happier with my decision. Their prices are spot on and it's easy to schedule an appointment.  Heck, I wish my doc was open 7days a week like they are!Moose (my frenchie) came here for all his puppy visits-- from shots, to getting 'fixed', to dental cleaning, and even an unexpected visit to figure out why he suddenly had a weird dry cough. I never once had a bad experience or felt overcharged (or pressured into any unnecessary treatments - which I have experienced with other vets). Every appointment we've been to has been a pleasant experience. I have had appointments with both Dr. Brooks and Dr. Cordeiro. They both were extremely knowledagble. Each doc took their time to provide thorough explanations of what they were doing (step-by-step) throughout the entire visit. They both took great care of my handsome little guy. They're wonderful and compassionate and truly love what they do. I wouldn't take my pup anywhere else.
4	Nice employees, great service and decent prices. Pitbull friendly.
5	Simply the best.  This is a place that people will continue to talk about for all the right reasons.  They care about the animals they treat before caring about the money. I recently moved out of the Summerlin area and have places closer that have good ratings, and may have great service, but I will never know because I love town center animal hospital that much
1	The following is going to be a long extensive review, but if I may just save one person, just one person and their pet the excruciating experience my family has had to go through, this will have been worth it. I would like to start off by saying that Dr. Jill Cordiero is the only saving grace this hospital has. She is a phenomenal vet who truly does exemplify compassion and genuinely cares for animals. Unfortunately she was put on my case once it was too late. This week I brought in my Egyptian Sphynx kitten, Denali, into this clinic to undergo a simple declaw procedure due to the fact that I am incredibly allergic to cat scratches. The vet not only used the WRONG tap on a such a fragile delicate kitten which resulted in ripping off the skin everywhere it was placed concluding in severe wounds which scabbed all over, but also (which I cant even comprehend how he did this) cut a huge gash in one of the pads on her paws, clearly this surgery was rushed and executed with as much carelessness as possible. Naturally she had extensive bleeding from such a botched procedure and had to stay an extra night in the hospital. From that point I was told they still needed to bandage  one paw due to slight bleeding and that I would just need to bring her in the following day and they would remove it and all would be well. Mind you when I saw this poor kitten I cried. She has scratches all over her body, her eye, everywhere, I couldn't believe that this procedure turned her body into something looking like it came straight out of a train wreck. This should not have happened. We also paid for a Elizabeth collar (cone collar) and were not sent home with it or instructed to keep it on her so that she may not antagonize her wounds. The next day after we had the last bandage removed we noticed her paw was turning black. After promising Denali she would never have to return to such a place I had to go back on my word because I knew from that point that something was very wrong. We brought her in immediately and were told not to worry that everything would be taken care of. She has now been at the vet for five days (including having to spend the fourth of july there which broke my heart because I can only imagine the trauma she had to go through with all the dogs freaking out due to the red rock fireworks). Today she was transferred to a specialty clinic where they told me that they are going to have to amputate the ENTIRE foot. I can not tell you how distraught I am over this and how much I hate myself for bringing her to this place because i feel responsible for this. I wish so badly that I brought her to  competent vet who uses laser surgery in removing the claws because that is the safest and most painless way to do the procedure. PEOPLE PLEASE LEARN FROM DENALI'S SUFFERING AND DO NOT TAKE YOUR CAT HERE TO BE DECLAWED. SPEND THE EXTRA MONEY AND TAKE YOUR FAMILY TO A VET WHO IS EXPERIENCED WITH LASER SURGERY!!! Yes they say that this is an extreme case and they've never seen anything like this, but every single complication that has incurred has been THEY'RE FAULT! It turns out that they had an inexperienced, incompetent assistant bandage up Denali and they applied the gauze way way too tight thus resulting in the loss of circulation to her foot which is now giving us no other choice but to sign the amputation papers today. My poor kitten does not have a voice but I DO AND I WILL USE IT TO BRING JUSTICE TO HER SUFFERING. It is a very nice looking building which they claim is state of the art but every time they would bring me Denali when I would visit her, her wounds would be covered in other animals fur from the assistant's unclean uniforms. When they asked me to leave her with them and trust them to take care of her once her paw turned black, I demanded to see the kennel she would be staying in and thy assured me it would be clean, it was covered in fur. I understand there are many nice reviews for this business which is the main reason I trusted them with my cat seeing we just moved here from CA. This hospital has a nice seeming environment with very nice employees and at first I very much liked this place, but unfortunately they lack the most important quality that is imperative in a vet, which is knowledge and skill. The last thing that left a horrible taste in my mouth, Dr. Sabrillo, the vet who did this, came into my place of work to enjoy happy hour while Denali has been in intensive care with two i.v. drips attached to both limbs and I myself have barely been able to pull it together and focus at work, but I'm glad he's desensitized enough to come enjoy a couple drinks while my family is in so much anguish due to his carelessness. If you would like to contact me for pictures or more info please email me at evanonel@yahoo.com. I hope I was able to save at least one person from experiencing the misery my life has been this week and the struggles and hurdles Denali will have to endure for the rest of her life.
5	This place is ultra CLEAN which makes me happy because there is nothing worse than a dirty dog facility that smells and has hair everywhere. I am so happy I found this vet for my 3 dogs. Everyone there is very kind hearted and the doctors are very knowledgeable. You can easily get an appointment, the cost is the only thing that is a little high but when your paying for what you get it makes it worth it. I recommend them to everyone I know and will continue to go to them.
4	My go to vet is Grand Montecito in the NW.  This is their sister hospital as their FB updates and emails are identical.  The prices do vary a bit on services and treats.  This location is closest to my house so in case of emergency this would be my go to, and I did use it once for this purpose and was satisfied with the outcome considering I was a nervous wreck and not familiar with the vet.  In that instance I had to leave my dog there and the vet called me with updates throughout the day.  An important requirement for a vet's office for me is 24 hour care so that I don't have to go to the emergency clinic.  This vet has that where an on call doctor will meet you after hours if necessary.  I recently took my 100 lb lab here for a bath and nail trim, and I thought I would just drop her off but they put me in a room and  the doctor came in and asked if I had any questions or concerns before taking her back.  I thought that was a nice touch and they only charge $19 for a bath and $10 for a nail trim.  That is easier then bathing her myself and cheaper then a regular groomer.
5	Very happy with the care and attention they've given our dog, Toby. We couldn't be more pleased with their professionalism and kindness. Prices are fair and staff is great! Two thumbs up.
4	I've been here a few times and I've had great experiences both times.  I used to work in an animal hospital, so its nice to see them practicing to the standards that I was held to.  All of the staff is super friendly and you can see they have a genuine love for animals.One thing that I am not a fan of though is that they do everything with the animals in the back, away from you.  So they come in, chat for a minute or so, then take your animal in the back and do whatever you came there for, then come out and talk again.  Personally, I'd much rather see what they are doing right in front of me.  Plus, once your animal leaves, then your simply sitting in a waiting room with no magazines looking at the screen saver on the computer.I will return, but next time I'll probably ask for them to do everything in front of me instead of in the back.  Hopefully it goes well!
2	Very clean, and great staff in general.  However, I'm really turned off by this hospital because first impressions are key and the first just didn't quite cut it.My first visit required a surgical procedure for one of the fur babies which seemed great and we had opted for what seemed like the best care around.  However, the lab lost the specimens, and I never got call backs from the vet about the lack of lab results (or the failure on the lab front).   I had to call both times to find out.The next failure was the fact that I asked for a written food prescription to be up at the front desk for pick up from the vet.  Waited two full days to run the pick up so no excuses as far as time goes.  Again, I got nothing when I went to pick up and had to get another vet to write it up.That type of impression is too bad since I felt like the amount of money (4 figures) I spent should have at least given some consideration to non-spacey behavior.  The vets that opened the hospital seem more on top of it but at this point, I'm probably going to shop out again since Summerlin has more than a wide selection of pet care and vets.4.5 stars for the front staff/cleanliness.  1 for the post-surgical customer contact from the vet.
5	I have gone to Town Center Animal hospital a few times with various problems with my 2 dogs. All of the vets there are friendly and fast to treat the problems. But the best find was Nicole the groomer. She does a fantastic job and is gentle with my babies. I now have been using her for 6 years. She has got to be one of the best groomers in Las Vegas.
1	Okay, I was told that there was going to be a refund for the lab that didn't happen.  It's been a month, and I have yet to see a charge-back on the card (been a month since the surgery, and the failure by the lab where the specimen was lost).Nice way of doing business.  Don't tell people that they'll be getting a refund for services that were not rendered and then not go through with it.
3	Getting a refund.  Yah!   Please see the previous reviews, but they called with an apology which is definitely appreciated.   Seeing the other reviews, makes me wonder sometimes but at least they did make the effort of getting the money back to me for services that were not rendered.  I do appreciate that.Thus the rating bump up.
5	Love this hospital. Parking kinda stinks but overall I could care less since the service is great. It's farther than other hospitals but I go the distance for the service. Great on site groomer, they don't try to upsell you and they have email reminders and an online portal. My pup is happy too :)
3	I would've given the hospital 4 stars based off of my initial visit, but have dropped it down to 3 stars given what happened today.I'd recently moved to the Summerlin area from LA and was in need of a new vet. I liked that Town Center received positive reviews and more importantly, has staff on site 24 hours, so I decided on them.I took my 11 year-old cat for her old lady check-up/blood work-up. I saw Dr. Stewart, who was very kind and complimentary of my cat. She threw me off when she admitted to having never heard of the medicine my cat is on (Budesonide, helps treats cats with IBD). It's been on the market for at least 5 years so I'm not quite sure why it's so new to her. It's a bit awkward when the client is explaining what the medicine is and what it does. I didn't want to judge because I understand new meds/technologies come out everyday and it can be hard to keep up, though in reality, research is also part of a doctors job. I was told to call in the prescription a few days before my current refill was up as the med needs to be compounded at an outside pharmacy. No problem!With 6 pills left, I called the office this past Mon requesting the prescription be filled. I wanted to give them extra time because of Christmas. The receptionist assured me it would be ready by Fri (but was going to pick up on Sat). Sat AM, I get a call from the office stating that because it's a compounded med and Christmas happened and the pharmacy is closed on the weekends,the med won't be ready until Tues. Needless to say, I was a bit perturbed. I explained to the receptionist that this was exactly why I called in the prescription on Mon, and that the last time I checked, Christmas was only one day. What happened to the other 3 days? It would take 1 day for my old LA pharmacy to compound this med and this pharmacy had 3 days. Now due to an error on the hospitals side, my cat won't have her med for 2 days.Granted, the receptionist was very apologetic and admitted that it was an error in their part, but didn't offer any kind of solution. How about the med be expedited and ready on Mon? Nope. How about get the vet on the phone to offer an alternative? Nope. I understand this is a large facility, but errors such as these are inexcusable. Minus Christmas Day, they had 5 days to get it together, and they didn't. I'm always willing to give places a second chance, so we'll see what happens when I have to call in a refill. Perhaps I'll give them a two-week notice. But here's the rub, if they can't have a prescription properly filled out in a timely manner, can I really trust they'll be able to handle an emergency situation? I am currently very unsure, and that is what worries me.
4	I meant to write this review sooner but work got in the way. After writing my initial review, Dr. Stewart called me that afternoon to apologize for the medicine mix-up and to assure me the meds would be ready for pick up that Monday, meaning my cat would only miss a day. She was also happy to work with me in regards to using my old compounding pharmacy in LA for refills. It was refreshing to know both she and the hospital staff take their clients needs so seriously. I know I can be a bit over-reactionary about my cat (as most pet parents are) and they handled it in stride.
5	New to town, I found Town Center Animal Hospital on Yelp.  They had high ratings so I called.  I had a very sick Lab and they told me to get her there ASAP.  Although we were new patients, they treated me with kindness and respect.  Dr Pulliam was knowledgeable, kind and offered choices my dogs treatment.  In the end, we had to make to devastating decision to put her down, Dr Pulliam was so compassionate!  The facility was clean and the staff was kind and compassionate!  I will definitely be a long term client and recommend them.
5	Love this vet! Dr. Sanabria was very kind to us when we had to make the tough decision to put our dog to sleep. The whole staff was very caring.
5	Met with Dr. Stewart  this morning. She was very gentle with my baby, who had recently been attacked by a much larger dog. Dr. Stewart understood my baby's  reactions to her and was very considerate of it. She offered suggestions on how to acclimate her to vet visits so they aren't near as traumatic,     As her only other visit was for emergency surgery.   I was in and out in 30 minutes.
5	Took my doggie here after he was attacked by a pit bull! dr Pulliam took great care of him.. He ended up having surgery and staying there for 5 days.. She explained to me what needed to be done.. What tests and exams were needed and what we could pass on so we could save some money but at the same time get the best care possible.. Very Compassionate!
5	I been taking my cocker spaniel to see doctor brooks for the past 3 1/2 years Cosmo loves it here he is alway so happy when I bring him for yearly shots b for his dental cleaning and he just gap a growth removed on his lip he was still happy I love town center animal hospital they are the best out here in Vegas Dr. Brooks is the best
1	Please do not board your dog here. I just picked my dog up and she has a giant bleeding wound on her nose! See attached photo.  I dropped her off two days ago. When I did I was hesitant because of other reviews on how the doctors hit the dogs and they are boarded in bathrooms and storage rooms (read other Yelp reviews and google ones). I asked if I could see where they stay and was told I couldn't. I then asked about the other reviews I read and was dismissed and kinda laughed at. Fast forward to two days later. I pick up my pup and get her home and into the bathtub (because she smells awful after leaving there) and notice her nose is all bloody and raw.  I immediately call the animal hospital and tell the receptionist what happened. She tells me to hold on and she'll ask. She comes back on the phone and says my dog was upset that I was gone and started scratching her nose. Well that's impossible because she has an e collar on because her ear just had to be amputated and she can't even get to her nose with that on. I inform her of this and she gets upset and says oh ummm well here talk to the doctor. The doctor explained that the place where they are boarded had a wire door and dogs can stick their nose underneath and scratch it. Several things about this concern me. First off, why would they have a door that could injure your dog. Then why would the front office girl give me a different story?  Lastly...she has an e collar on and can't even get her nose close enough to anything without the e collar stopping her. It would have been impossible for her nose to get stuck under a door! What are they doing to these dogs that cause their noses to become bloody and raw??!! How are they treating them??!!  The parting words from the doctor were "well it's not an ideal situation".  That is an understatement...my dog has a bloody, raw nose...sounds more like abuse to me.
2	I like the doctors that I've seen thus far.  The staff up front is hit and miss.  Either they are great and friendly and helpful or rude, dismissive, and annoyed that you are there trying to pay a leave.  Don't really like dealing with them to much but its worth it for the care my dogs get.
5	The staff and Doctors at Town Center Animal Hospital have been amazing with our special needs dog Celine.  The front desk office staff have always been helpful,  friendly and courteous at all times including scheduling appointments, checking us in /out, getting us into an exam room with little to no wait as well as processing call in prescription refills.   The doctors spend time answering my questions and are very thorough with exams.  Both Doctor Brooks and Doctor Stewart have been great with returning phone calls or calling with test results.   They are both very compassionate and you can tell they love working with animals.  The hours are very accommodating so I do not have to miss work to make regular appointments.  Monday-Friday from 7am-8pm with weekend hours as well.  They offer onsite boarding and I like knowing that Celine is boarded where she has access to medical care if needed.  As a special needs dog she is on daily medications so boarding her at her doctors works out perfectly and I do not have to worry that she is missing any of her doses.  Doctor Brooks, the technicians and kennel staff have been wonderful with Celine.  She loves going to Town Center.   Thanks for taking such great care of her!
5	Dr Brooks thank you so much for going above and beyond!!  You always bring comfort to any situation!
5	I had a bad experience with this place at first but I gave them another try because I believe that everyone deserves a second chance, and I am soooo glad I did! I have now been taking my dog here for over a year and Dr Brooks has saved his life, twice. The staff is so nice and Dr Brooks is one of the most caring veterinarians ever. Plus their hours rock.
5	Dr. Brooks saved my dog's life. I'm very grateful for the professional service and care we received. I highly recomend this animal hospital.
5	I love Dr Brooks, very compassionate with my animals. Our extended family has been going to hospital since he opened. Front desk staff always friendly and very helpful. Even through the sad times with my animals Dr Brooks has been there to help me say goodbye to 2 of our dogs. One due to being a senior and his body just gave out on him and our other girl, Dr Brooks did everything he could to try to save her from a cancerours tumor that kept coming back. He was also open to find different treatments instead of just text book healing, he never rules out anything that might make a pet's life easier.
5	I love our new vet Dr Charlotte Pulliam.  She is thoughtful, careful and very gentle and kind with my cats, particularly Bennie who has been in recently 3 times. She listens and shares full information in a calm way, and attends to not only my pet(s) but also helps calm me as the pet parent.  It's always stressful to take cats to the vet, and she and the others I've dealt with who assist truly seem to love animals and try to do their best.  They even helped me carry Bennie out to the car (he's on a diet now:))I would highly recommend her and the hospital for their expertise, kindness and reasonable pricing.  Thanks Dr. Pulliam!  Carolyn, Bennie and the Jett
1	They killed my dog. My 9 yr old chihuahua went in to have a topical benign tumor removed from his neck region (similar to a mole) in no way a major surgery. He was placed under anesthesia, had a successful surgery and we're told he woke and was placed into recovery where a short time later he stopped breathing and they weren't able to resuscitate him. We are heartbroken.  He had been put under 6 other times at a different vets office and never had issues. I have so many questions and no answers. Was he given too much anesthesia?  Was he not properly looked after in recovery?  Even the answers won't bring him back.   Losing a pet is awful and I wish it weren't under these circumstances. I don't know if they were negligent or not, but I needed to share our story.  I could never go back with a future pet because I could never trust them.   Update: Since posting this original post I have had numerous messages regarding which vet performed the sugary. It was Dr. DeVilbiss.
5	I have taken my dog here for the last 5 years. I have had nothing but great vet and boarding service. I have boarded my dog here at least 10 times now without any problems. My dog is always returned to me in the order in which I dropped her off. The staff are very friendly and always remember my dog. Every time I walk into the office they always greet my dog with excitement.
5	Absolutely love this place! Moved from Texas and went to Yelp for some help. The facility is so clean, the people are kind and helpful and they provide excellent care. I am so happy I found this place to take care of my little Maltipoo!
4	I started taking my pug puppy here a couple of months ago, for vaccinations & routine exams. The techs are always wonderful & are very excited to see my puppy when we walk in the door. It's always easy to schedule an appointment and we usually don't have to wait very long once we're there. As everyone else has mentioned, the facilities are super clean and nice. We have seen 3 doctors so far, and Dr. Pittman is our absolute favorite. He has great bedside manner and you can tell he really has a love for animals. I also like that he takes the time to talk to the humans about issues, etc. and does a great job at explaining what he's doing & why. We saw Dr. Stewart once and she was ok. She was super gentle when giving our pup her first vaccinations and nail trimming, but she wasn't very talkative with us. Our least favorite doctor has been Dr. Adams. It felt like she was rushing the visit. Our puppy had an ear infection and she took our puppy out of the exam room (and away from us) for 30 minutes to examine her ears. By the time she brought our puppy back, she was freaked out and terrified, which made giving her vaccinations and trimming her nails a nightmare. I've never heard my puppy make such horrible noises! (We had a follow up visit with Dr. Pittman & he took the puppy out of the room for 5 minutes & returned her to wait with us while he examined her ear cultures. Doing this created a much calmer environment.) I will definitely never see Dr. Adams again.
5	Great place , always clean and friendly staff and they take good care of my baby "Mia"
5	I absolutely love this animal hospital. My 2 and a half year old Siamese-mix cat started having what I thought was constipation issues, with him hissing and crying in pain (then later having blood in his urine). After 3 trips to the emergency vet and a "cat" hospital (along with countless medicine), he was still having issues. I took him here when he was a baby for his first shots, so I figured it wouldn't hurt to bring him back here. Dr. Adams was extremely sweet and did an ultrasound, urinalysis, and blood work for him, along with recommending specific food for cats with urinary problems, to make sure he wasn't backed up and to see if he had crystals/stones building up. He's been on the food for a bit now and has been peeing normally with NO blood and has normal poops now! I'm thankful for this team because I was terrified I would have to put my baby down. Thank you x100, Dr. Adams!!
5	I love Town Center Animal Hospital! And so do my fur babies! well...they don't love it but whatever they like more dog treats and toys because I save money here instead of going to other places that rob you. When I had my first puppy, we were seeing Dr. Burghardt and we were saddened when he left to go to San Diego...eye candy! But...we quickly got over it when we had Dr. Stewart take over. She is a dream come true for any dog lover! When I was unemployed, my dog had to have a surgery. I called around town...every place wanted over $800...not including labs, testing, etc...you we all know how quickly those costs add up. Well, Dr. Stewart evaluated and the total was a little over $300. Post Op visits were free...and at one point, she forgot to give us the medicine so we had to come back...and because of that...the $20 ear drops were free since I had to drive back! She's a saint. I love her! I have new puppies now and they will only be going to this vet.
