3	The BF and I were peeling out of the parking lot of Sin City Sushi when I see a few doors down a TV has desserts flashing and one was French Macarons! Is this for real? I've been searching for these around town and must know and try all the (limited) places that make the effort to make such a laborious and tempermental item.BF and I decided it was worth parking again to find out. We roll in and ask if they have them. No :-( ....not yet. The owners were the ones at the counter and explained they just opened Monday and that they haven't actually tried to have one of their girls who claims she can make them do up a batch yet. What?? So it's on the menu, but the recipe has never been tried..... I wished them well and hoped they can figure it out, but it is not for your average baker to finesse the line of making a delightful macaron or just a candy coated biscuit with some cream. It's not something you just "wing". The guy said her baking is hit and miss. Lordy, I know the job pickings are tough, but I'd have tested out people heavily before opening a store with their products hitting shelves. Specially they said something like it takes them 4 hours to make a cupcake....hearing this shit is real worrisome. You know what I can do in 4 hours as a passionate home cook? I made a cake with 5 tiers of cupcakes I individually frosted then dipped in chocolate and decorated with edible pearl candies and purses and I'm not even a "baker". They are also supposed to have homemade yogurt and ice cream that they can make into shakes or they have the usual fresh topping bar for yogurts...but also, "coming soon". The cupcakes has a two tiered counter and only one tier had some cupcakes, half full... Since I'm here I got a red velvet since that is my standard "test". It's simple and if you can do the simplest things well then you might be onto something. I got it to go since we just gluttoned out next door. I asked for a business card, menu, whatever, so I can put up the menu, addy and all that on Yelp (but apparently it's already been done and there's a 5 star review up already from an orangehead?...with pictures from their stock photos.... Hrrmmm....and opened 6 days ago only). No marketing has been done or materials printed out. I wish them well as I do with all small businesses, but that organization of a business plan is messy. The basics are missing. I'm being constructive and pointing it out because even though I'm just a  young person most people don't take seriously- business is kinda the family profession. Even if I didn't know about business, I would think figuring out all the stuff beforehand is common sense.  If you're putting something on the menu- it should be things you already know and have trialed to a consistent recipe. It'll tank if people are your trial and error guinea pigs til you get it right. Sure, not everything is perfect opening up, but there should be a margin of being sure of the direction. They serve cupcakes, coffee drinks, yogurts, milkshakes, French macarons. You can get few flavors of cupcakes and coffee so 2//5 of the menu is not ready. BF is putting a new DJ set together. Doesn't matter if 100 or 1 million people are listening- it has to be the best he can do before the public gets it. Be familiar with your place so if shit happens, you know how to work it out...they were still learning how the blender works even. Building up hype before an opening is paramount. You open doors and then you expect it to just happen? Learn to twitter like a teen with nothing better to do. Be the fiercest Facebook page. Canvass the neighborhood and invite your peers for a special opening, invite various interest groups that might be into your stuff (a meetup dessert group or Yelpers perhaps?).  This is the ABCs and they got to XYZ already. After dropping into Nordstroms we popped it open on the way home. There was a chocolate covered cherry on it which was cute, frosting was not bad-very cheesecakey then there's the cupcake. It was very dry and dense. I know this didn't have enough butter or cream....and who knows how much volume they do vs how much they made so it might be from the fridge and not fresh. The guy said something about "our stuff is on point"...I'm not trying to be dickish but with what? A few miles radius to Freeds, Nothing Bundt Cakes, Nielsens Frozen Custard, etc. etc.... gotta stand out from the get go because they're household names who have figured out solid recipes and have quality control. I got the best cupcake place in town by my house- Retro Cupcakes, so it's big shoes and expectations if I'm gonna run off across town to come in. I'll check on this place next time I'm down in the area though. Clearly they aren't prepared at all to be with the storefront open. Give it a few months and maybe they'll get it together. I will return because I give new businesses a chance to improve. I'm just worried for this place though.
3	This place was advertising for a while that they were going to open on the 1st week of December then it was the 2nd week and low and behold they finally opened this past Monday. But sadly just about everything they have advertised as selling was not available only about 8 different cupcakes with about 3 cupcakes on display for each flavor. I felt that was kind of odd walking into a brand new establishment filled with empty cases but I wasn't going to leave without trying some of what they had.First I would like to say that I do like these cupcakes but I could see why some may not. The cake itself is very thick like a poundcake and not moist until you get to the center. The cake is not sweet and has a faint taste of whatever the flavor of the cupcake is. I really like the frosting here, it reminds me of Caked's frosting- very creamy,smooth and light. So if you enjoy cupcakes from Albertson's, Walmart or Sam's you will not enjoy the cupcakes here.The cupcakes here are priced at $2.65 each so I thoroughly appreciate paying for a cupcake and not feeling like it came from a Duncan Hines box bought for $0.97-Banana Cupcake: Very thick cake with a light banana taste, creamy light banana flavored frosting and then covered with white chocolate shavings. I would buy this cupcake again...-Strawberry Cupcake: I do love my fruity cupcakes but this one lacked a strong strawberry taste, this really just needs more strawberries and then all will be good with the world...-M&M's Cupcake: Thick vanilla cake topped with creamy vanilla frosting and then covered with M&M's. This was my daughter's pick and she said it was O.K. but she wouldn't choose this again so I tried it and I liked it so like everything else in life- it's one's personal preference...-Red Velvet Cupcake: Now this one tasted alot different than the rest. The cake tasted just like it came from a box cake mix . The frosting was a strong cream cheese frosting but still creamy. Being from Guam I feel most red velvet cake made stateside is done wrong so this didn't surprise me at all....All in all I would come back again maybe in a few weeks/months just to give them time to at least fill their display cases with something-anything!!!!
4	Great service I've had from a cupcakery and I  really loved the cupcakes. Pretty fluffy, consistency of their red velvet was pretty good. This place is a hidden gem. I'm gonna have to try their milkshakes.
3	As today's temperature reached 70 my daughter and I were craving ice cream. I remembered that during my last visit to Cupcake Project the gentleman behind the counter said that soon he will have homemade ice cream- That was about a month ago so as we were in the area I decided to try them out again...Sorry folks no ice cream-The same gentleman explained to me that it could take up to 48hrs to make the ice cream and because of the cupcakes he hasn't found any time to even attempt to make the ice cream.So I looked at all the menus and said "So in actuality out of the 4 extensive menus up there only 1 is available (the cupcake one). He said yes well right now but he hopes to make ice cream everyday and that when I do try his ice cream it will be the best ice cream I have ever tasted so I asked when he will start making ice cream and he said when he finds the time. He said that one time he made cinnamon rolls and no one cared for them and that no one was familiar with the french macaroons either. So they haven't been making those either. This place is so confusing to me, if you advertise items, those items should be available. Right now when you walk in it looks the same as it did a month ago-about 7 different cupcakes and all the other display cases are empty. The gentleman did explain that they have not advertised as of yet and when they do advertise a certain item like "French Macaroons" they will have to have them on hand. He asked what kind of cupcakes I like and I told him I like the fruity flavors...He told me that one time they had mango and lychee cupcakes but that they didn't sell. I told him they should have a cupcake schedule so that I can go when a flavor I like is there. He was nice enough to offer to make the mango cupcake on a future visit of mine so I chose Friday and he said Mango cupcakes will be there on Friday. For the mango cupcakes I shall return this Friday. I did try 2 other cupcakes: Pumpkin with Cream Cheese Frosting-Very good- I really liked this cupcake-Yummers....Strawberry with strawberry frosting-Very different from the last strawberry cupcake I bought here.I almost feel like strawberry jello was mixed in the frosting-the cake was way more moist than before.This cupcake wasn't overly sweet and the frosting was a bit tangy-I enoyed this one as well, I'll get this again.So until Friday I'll get back to ya.....
3	I saw this place unexpectedly so I just picked up a strawberry cupcake to try.  It was pretty good, tasted fresh, and I liked the strawberry chunks in the cake and icing.  They  have an extensive menu, but a lot of the items are not available yet.  I am looking forward to when they have their french macaroons, maybe then I will give them their last two stars.
3	OK the gentleman behind the counter on Monday (I'm guessing he's the owner) promised me Mango cupcakes on Friday . Today is Friday so I told the BF we're gonna go get me some Mango cupcakes...But I thought hmm...let's call first and make sure Mango cupcakes were actually made-* Boo Hoo-No promises kept-No Mango Cupcakes-Boo Hoo*I really wanted to change my rating to one star because I feel let down but I'll just leave it alone. I want all small businesses to survive...But promises should never be made if they can't be kept!!! Excuse me while I go cry....
4	I got a message from someone representing Project Cupcake saying that today they made Mango/Banana cupcakes....What a pleasant surprise!!! Lucky I don't work today so we made some time and went to go get some Mango cupcakes...I have to admitt I wanted a straight up Mango cupcake, I mean cake and frosting so when I was told that Banana was mixed into the mixture I felt for a second a little disappointed until I actually took my first bite....What a "Hella Yummy I'm Gonna Crave Cupcake" - The Mango frosting was so creamy and  full of Mango but at the same time not too sweet at all. The cake was moist with the right amount of Mango and Banana.The Mango was still stronger, real Mango was used which I think makes all the difference. I am officially in love with this cupcake!!!!We also tried a Chocolate Cupcake with Raspberry Frosting: Let it be known that I normally do not like raspberry stuff at all but this was hella yummy as well!!! The cake was moist and had a chocolate Ganache in the middle & the frosting was made with lots of actual raspberries which was so good. I 'm a fan of this cupcake as well!!!Then we tried a new cupcake which was Caramel Cake with Caramel frosting that was surrounded with crushed pretzels and then drizzled with more caramel....My daughter loved this one and I liked it as well. The cake could use a more stronger caramel taste but the caramel frosting was full of caramel flavor.I do wish they would post a cupcake schedule because I would go get me some more  Mango cupcakes in a split second....
1	Okay - I have visited this place twice, both with very poor experiences. First - For a place that calls itself "Project Cupcake" one would assume that this place would have a large selection of cupcakes, right? Nope.Second - I tried a lemon cupcake the first time. The cake part was flavorless and the buttercream is honestly horrible. Disgusting. The worst buttercream I have ever tasted. The flavor is weak and the mouthfeel is greasy, and there is not enough sweetness present.The second time I went back, and ordered an Almond cupcake and a Bailey's cupcake. Same thing. Both cupcakes severely lacked flavor and the buttercream is not sweet, greasy, and flat.I feel bad for giving this a one. The gentleman who works at the counter is a very nice man. But sir, your cupcakes are horrible, and forgive me, but your establishment will not be around much longer if you don't correct your products.
4	YESSSSS!  Finally, cupcakes that taste homemade!  We went there twice in one week!  The first time was a recon mission.  My hubs and I were sold just on the samples alone!  We returned later in the week to order a dozen cupcakes for my birthday!  Oh goodness!  It was all I could do not to eat them in one day.  Plus, the owner threw in an extra cupcake--mint and chocolate.  I'm not usually a big fan of mint, but here it was nice and subtle and complementing the moist chocolate cake beneath it.  I've been to a few of the other cupcakeries in town and these are far more superior!  The cakes are moist and flavorful and the buttercream is excellent!  I'm guessing it's an Italian Meringue buttercream.   Not the powder sugar/shortening mixture some people try to pass off as frosting.  All the flavors are natural tasting, because they are.  Be patient, those of you who were looking for the other menu items.  It's hard opening a business in good times and bad.  It'll just be something to look forward to.  Good Luck, Project Cupcake!  You are my new favorite place to go!
4	I have been here three times and went this evening and got their strawberry cupcake and hands down it is better than the other cupcakes I have had at other establishments.  Yummy!
4	I ventured into Project Cupcake on the advice of a business contact.  I felt the cost was good considering what some prices are for individual gourmet cupcakes cost.  I bought four since I wanted three to begin with and buying one extra lowered the collective price.  Maybe it doesn't make sense, but I'm not very mathy.  For my coworker who loves lemon and German chocolate, I bought one of each, respectively.  He described the German chocolate cupcake as one of the most divine piece of chocolate he'd ever eaten.  I didn't get a review of the lemon from him, but I really wanted to steal a bite.I tried the strawberry and the chocolate raspberry cupcakes  (I literally could not finish them entirely--they're too big).  The strawberry cake portion had pieces of strawberry in it--to my delight, but the frosting really took me pleasantly by surprise.  I expected pure sugar, but instead, it seemed whipped and light rather than heavy sugar.  It would've complemented perfectly with some hot black tea.  The second cupcake--the chocolate cake with raspberry frosting--was not as splendid as the strawberry, but I think mostly because it was so much richer than the first one I tried and I still had sweetness on my palette.  To be perfectly honest, I feel like the chocolate cake was a tad dry.  It wasn't so disappointing that I won't try it again.  The store is small, with most of the space being used behind the counter.  It's been a few weeks since I went so I can't remember if and how many seats there were for patrons.  I know the business is a start-up and still in it's toddler-hood, so there may be plans in the making for that.  It's family-owned and I pretty much met the whole team when I went in; they were very nice, informative and answered all my questions, including advising my choices when I asked.  The store's very bright, and they have a bigger menu including but not limited to smoothies, but that round, I went in for the cupcakes.  And I'll go back in for the lemon.
3	I've been meaning to check this place out for a couple months and finally ventured in last night after sushi... there are so many cupcake places around town and so far I have ridiculous nit picks about all of them... ranging from butter-cream being TOO sweet to bitchy counter girls.I have to say this place surprised me. First off the guy at the counter was pleasant, and nice- that means a lot to me. Second, the cupcakes were presented well. I don't understand why people want a HUGE array of cupcake flavors to choose from- it's silly and WASTEFUL. They had just enough to keep my interest.Why this place gets three stars and not four is for the same reason another reviewer stated: the macarons. I wanted some and they are on the menu... don't have them up there or block them out until you get that situated. He said they hadn't found anyone to make them- yeah they are hard... I guess the wife is trying to perfect her macaron making... awesome- I'm rooting for you. Just put up a note or something.Once that blows over- this place is a steady four stars. AND it's close to my house- both bad a good.
2	I am not a fan.Banana/Mango cupcake- the texture was more like a banana muffin with a light mango frosting. I was disappointed because I was expecting a cupcake and not a muffin.Strawberry smoothie- very bland taste because it probably needed more sugar. I normally like to finish my food/drinks, but this was just not good at all. I might give this place another chance, but if I'm in the area I'll probably end up at Caked for my cupcake fix.
3	Going to a cupcake shop and ordering something other than cupcakes is probably not recommended; however, that's what I did. I was in the mood for something sweet before my shopping date w/ friends at Rhapsodielle next door, so I landed here at Project Cupcake, a new bakery that opened a few months ago. I wasn't in the mood for cupcakes; thankfully, they offer other goodies like cookies, macarons, shakes, smoothies, ice cream, & frozen yogurt (supposedly). While I was trying to decide what to order, I noticed bags of chocolate chip cookies tied w/ cute pink ribbons near the cash register. Four large, freshly-baked cookies placed costing less than a dollar each? I was sold. So was my decision to buy cookies at a cupcake shop a good idea? Most definitely. The cookie, studded w/ chocolate chips, was sweet, chewy & soft; however, I thought the cookie could have used a minute or two more in the oven. I shared the rest of the cookies w/ my friends who found them to be delicious as well.I hope the owner didn't think it strange that I only bought a bag of cookies at his cupcake shop...No worries though, I'll be back to try their cupcakes.
4	Here are some new flavors that I have tried:-Lemon: Made with real lemons and you can tell taste wise as well-Good-Smores: Chocolate cake topped with marshmallows drenched in    chocolate with graham crakers sticking out of it- Ooey Gooey Yumminess-Blueberry cream: Thought I would like this one but it was just OK for meThe blueberries were like of a pie consistency so maybe that's why it didn't work for me-Orange Frosting over Banana cake: Like the Mango one I would have preferred it if it was orange cake with orange frosting to really bring out that orange flavor so this was just OK to me-Caramel Frosting over Chocolate Cake: This didn't work for me and I can't explain why it just didn't...We did try a Chocolate milkshake and my daughter loved it - I on the other hand would prefer a more stronger chocolate flavor like at good old In N Out- I do plan on trying a Mango Milkshake here soon. They finally made a Mango Cupcake with both Mango cake and Mango frosting and it tasted heavenly to me and it was way better than the Mango Banana Cupcake- The Mango on Mango blew that one away-  I look forward to trying other flavors here...I heard early on they tried making a Lychee Cupcake and I hope they make that again cause I'd love to try that one.....Project Cupcake has become my new Favorite Cupcake Spot!!!!
4	I got the strawberry cupcake made with real strawberries.  Loved the frosting it was light and yummy with strawberry flecks, the cake part was a little dry but good.  Also got the chocolate with chocolate frosting.  Very rich and yummy!!  It's cool that there are so many other choices like shakes and macaroons.. have yet to try them.
5	2 words - FRENCH MACAROONS - They finally made the french macaroons that they advertised having from the very first day that they opened for buisness and after trying one I really don't know what they were waiting for. The french macaroons here are so damn good....Yummy crisp then chewy texture with some seriously creamy frosting in the middle. They are good sized and good priced as well....I tried  Strawberry and Lemon- DIVINE!!!!!I suggested that they make a mango macaroon so hopefully one day they will....I don't think they should stop making their macaroons instead they should make more - NUFF SAID!!!!!P.S. - Also tried the Bubble Gum cupcake- My daughter picked this one and I thought it would gross me out like eating kid's toothpaste but hey, it wasn't bad.....**** Gosh, how many reviews can I have for this place???****
4	I tried the strawberry cupcake it was yummy made with real strawberries and the oreo cupcake.
2	I WISH I KNEW WHAT THEY TASTED LIKE.I had a craving for a cupcake, it was 7pm, so I looked to see what was still open. I came upon Project Cupcake website saying its open til 10. We walked in the small store, it looked closed but then we saw the small display of cupcakes in the corner and the worker popped up to greet us. As we looked over the cupcakes, the worker pulled out a tray of Smores cupcakes and put them in the back. We made a joke and asked it they were the secret cupcakes? He joked back. As we thought we decided on a few cupcakes he slowly started removing other trays, mainly the ones we were interested in (i.e. the Hostess cupcake), saying these were sold out. Tray by tray they disappeared, I was confused because I didn't pay for the magic show. I told my husband the Cupcakery is a block away, I didn't want to settle on a cupcake I didn't want just because we were there. So we said goodbye and gave our business to The Cupcakery.
3	Is it just me or am I the only one that noticed they advertise that they have french macaroons?  Shouldn't they be spelled with one o?  Macaron?  Isn't that the correct term?  Anyway, these are hard to find in Las Vegas.  (Why doesn't Freeds have them?)  I didn't want to make the trip to the strip and get these at Bouchon bakery at the Venetian, so I decided to check out Project Cupcake.  The first time I came here they were closed, even though we came around 8:00p (the store hours said they close at 9p).  The second time I went in, they did not have a lot of the items available they had on display.  When I asked the gal if they display was fake she said no, but they are really hard (?)  They had about 5 different macaron flavors on display, and only had one available- strawberry.  Strawberry would have been my last choice.  They had vanilla and pistacio in the display.  I would have loved to try both of those!  Why have flavors that aren't even available on display?  The girl working informed me that they were sold out.  It was around 1:00p.  I hesitantly took the strawberry.  It was pretty good, I must say, but the overall experience?  Eh.Next time I think I'll make the trip to Bouchon.  That bakery is amazing in all its grandeur, and the macarons?  Spelled correctly and a small piece of heaven to enjoy.  Flavors change seasonally, and are always available.
5	I've been to a number of cupcake shops both in Vegas and San Diego.  Best cupcakes hands down!  They have a simple and fluffy buttercream that is delicious and I love their cake.  Not dry...more dense and moist.  So far, I have not been disappointed with a single flavor and I look forward to watching them grow!
5	These are hands-down the best cupcakes I have ever had. The owners are very nice and accommodating and I have to keep myself from going there daily. :)
4	Considering that I work AND live very close-by, my co-workers and I frequent this little shop quite a bit. This review is based upon the macaroons, milkshakes, smoothies, and cupcakes. I have not tried their coffee as I am not a fan of coffee in general, but my co-workers have no complaints!The decor is super modern, cute and trendy! Very nice touch with a big flat-screen TV in front also, talk about eye-catching. The cupcake displays are so cute! Big clear cases, with sleek cupcake holders! Definitely a grab-and-go sort of place, seeing as there is no real seating area, but there are chairs and 2 small tables just in case you'd like to enjoy your cupcake right away.I have to say, the first time I got to try a cupcake from here, my boss bought a dozen. I thought they were a bit dry at first, but I gave them a pass seeing as they had JUST opened, and we expected them to be working out kinks in recipes and etc. Fast forward to the present..I must say, Don, the owner, has definitely stepped his game up within the past half year he's been open! I don't know if he's changed the recipes around, or something, but, it's much better than my first experience!Three days ago, my boyfriend and I stopped in to by a half dozen just before closing. Of course, he bakes fresh everyday, so there weren't as many selections at the end of the night, but the ones we came home with were AMAZING.I have to say, the "Wedding Cake" cupcake is SO LIGHT AND DELICIOUS. It looks plain, and maybe too sweet at first, but it was not overwhelming at all! The right amount of flavor, texture, and yes, it was MOIST! I also tried a "German Chocolate" which was promising already because there were coconut shavings all over the top, and it did not disappoint. Again,moist, and not overly sweet, like The Cupcakery's cupcakes can be at times. I was quite happy with our selections. On other occasions, because I am lucky enough to work so close, Don frequently comes in to give us some leftover cupcakes, since he bakes daily. The Pina Colada is SO GOOD. I always grab that one first! My co-worker likes the Mint Cupcake, most.Also, we tend to get shakes and smoothies quite often. I've become a fan of their Strawberry Chocolate Banana milkshake (minus the banana, so i guess it's just the Strawberry Chocolate) and the Hawaiian Holiday. I also got a Vanilla Bean once, and I loved it! It may take a bit for the shakes to come out, but I happen to think they are worth the wait.The macaroons, are another success IMO. My manager loved their strawberry macaroons and let me try some. I had only known of coconut macaroons up to that point, and I had never tried a french style macaroon, so this was definitely a treat. They were delicate and YUUUUUUUUMMY. They also sell lemon flavor, and if I'm not mistaken, vanilla. I have not tried vanilla, but I prefer the strawberry to the lemon any day!  I wish Don and Project Cupcake all the best! I will continue recommend this place and send all my customers, family, and friends over!!
4	Great cake flavors, very moist and fresh. I really liked the strawberry cup cake, the actual cake flavor was perfect better then mist other places.  I will totally be back!
4	Had the mint chip, red velvet and blueberry cupcakes. All very yummy
5	I stopped here with my family on my birthday after deciding last minute that we wanted cupcakes. My dad noticed the "dancing cupcake"mascot they have out on the street, made it easy to find and does have a convenient location right off 215. There really is nowhere to sit but we pushed their 2 tiny tables together and huddled around. Cupcakes are usually a to go thing here so don't plan a date here. It was about closing so there was only about 10 types of cupcakes left but that's still quite a selection! We got 6 and it was about $20. They are smaller with proportional frosting. Best moist cake ever. They have wonderful creamy frosting, not the cheap crap GiGs lathers on their cupcakes. Hands down best cupcakes ever.Have returned ever since weekly for 4 cupcakes, NEVER had a flavor I didn't like. Would highly recommend you will not be disappointed!
5	I love project cupcake! Best cupcakes in Vegas! The owner is a truly a nice guy. The cupcakes are baked to perfection. There's no  competition here!
2	We ordered a total of 8 cupcakes, all different flavors and were definitely not impressed.  The "buttercream" frosting is made with shortening and therefore leaves a greasy feeling on the roof of your mouth.  Not too impressed with the look of the cupcakes either.  Also wanted to try French macaroons and were told they didn't have any although they had a big plate on display.  If you get anything there, go for a cookie!  The one on top of the chocolate chip cookie cupcake was fabulous; unfortunately the rest of the cupcake was trashed.
5	I am rating this business solely on the quality of their cupcakes.  As others have said, they are often closed during their normal business hours, but the cupcakes are definitely worth the hassle of trying to find a time when they are open.  First, let me say that their frosting and cake are both superb.  The chocolate frosting on Vanilla cake is my absolute favorite.  My Norwegian grandma made a (from scratch) yellow cake with (also made from scratch) chocolate frosting.  This cupcake reminds me of my childhood favorite at grandma's house!  My kids are always trying new flavors... and they are always happy with their choices.  My mom's favorite is the peanut butter, and my husband loves the German Chocolate.Their rivals up the street might be busier, but these cupcakes can't be beat.  This is my new place for a sweet treat!
2	It was the Cupcakery ($3 ea) or Project Cupcake ($2.65 ea). Spend the extra .35 and go with the Cupcakery. At the Cupcakery you'll get a fluffy cake, butter in the frosting and a beautiful box. The cupcakes were beautiful in Project Cupcakes display case and the cupcakes you receive are exactly like the display case. Sadly, they tasted cheap. If they charged the extra .35 the cupcakes would taste be better. I read on here something about shortening in the frosting and that was an immediate turnoff, but we ordered 1 dozen anyway. How bad could that 1 ingredient be? Long story short, it ruined the whole products taste. The cake portion was short and dense as if the batter was beaten too much, the ones I tried had the texture of a muffin and tasted similar to cornbread. The frosting when room temperature had an airy consistency, they all smelled the same, like plastic (yes I smelled the frosting, you would too) and coated the mouth after a bite or two like a cheap chocolate bar.The cupcakes came in a plastic frame, which to its credit, held the cupcakes in place nicely. These cupcakes are truly a project for someone, unfortunately I won't be their guinea pig.Also we had the one with the chocolate chip cookie on top, but a friend just wanted the cookie.
4	To me this place is SOOOOOOOOO much better than its competition down the road the cupcakery. My only issue is the lack of selection they have sometimes very early in the day due to not making enough n selling out n the fact that because of this they aren't always open til they say they're suppose to be.
4	They have the yummiest cupcakes on my side of town - by far. I like that the frosting is creamier and less artificial tasting than other places I've tried. I would describe the frosting almost like a whipped cream rather than the heavy sugar you find most places. I could stomach eating half a cupcake from here without going into a sugar coma - that was quite nice! I tried the strawberry and the banana cream - both were delightful.
5	I'm sooo sad that this place closed down! The cupcakes were wonderfully moist and the frosting was light like whipped cream. They were perfectly sweetened too. Guess it wouldn't help much that I'm making a review now, lolz. But costumer service was great and I loved how you can have customized flavors in your coffee. My favorite was oreo cookies blended in my coffee (delish!). I hope Project Cupcake reopens in a new plaza close by. I heard they closed because of legal problems with the building owner...
