4	So much better than other Southwest locations *cough Salt Lake City* It is conveniently located near bathrooms, Starbizzle, magazines and some fast foodie options. Our flight attendants were hilarious and good natured. The best part was after the pilots came down and one of the female attendants simply said "We're here." (no @#$# )... that got some laughs. I have such a love hate relationship with Southwest but at Sky Harbor we had no issues with checking in our luggage within a reasonable waiting period, no luggage was lost, and had a comfortable flight. To be continued on our second Arizona UYE (yes the plus one and  I are coming back... and you @#$#@&$ better come with us!!)
2	I fly a decent amount of flights per year and let me tell you... Southwest Phoenix to San Diego never fails to have a delay... Today takes the cake though. First I paid extra or "Early Bird" check in. Well it's kindof pointless when they decide to pre-board this random group of people from some other displaced flight. Once on the plane already running 45 minutes behind they re-open the cabin doors because they need to board three flight attendants that are jumping to San Diego... Well we have been sitting here for about 20 minutes now and only two of the flight attendants have arrived. Delays due to bad weather or mechanical issues are one thing, but now you are delaying over 100 people so you can move one flight attendant to a different airport. Completely disappointing. I think I'm going to start using a different airline for my Phoenix trips.
3	I had a layover here, and the Southwest gate is really close to Nathan's Hot Dogs and Pizza Hut, along with restrooms. There is a lot of layovers in Phoenix, especially for flights heading to and from the Atlantic coast.I'm giving this particular Southwest 3 stars because I found some of the employees to be rude when I was inquiring about a flight that was running an hour late without any announcements -- how was I suppose to know the flight was being delayed if the boarding time had not changed on the screen? Southwest is still a great airline, but the service could be better here.
3	If you have to travel to Phoenix (Yay!) then chances are you have to travel through Sky Harbor (Boo!). There's also a decent chance you'll consider traveling on Southwest (Boo!) but as airlines (Boo!) in Sky Harbor (Boo!) go, you can do worse than Southwest.I'm not a huge fan of Southwest, although I'll give credit where credit is due, and that bags fly free thing is genius. Combine one of my least favorite carriers with what is probably my least favorite airport and you've got a recipe for disaster, but somehow it works out in Southwest's benefit. The gates are just as hard to reach for SWest as other carriers, and you're not banished to the edge of the universe for check-in or for baggage claim. They've got a decent presence here, so you may actually find a human who can help should you have a problem.Yes, they may leave you stranded on the runway for a while in 100 degree plus weather (check) or force you to dash across the airport with late arriving flights (check) but every once in a while it's a painless operation.
4	After racking up a million miles on 2 different majors, I never thought I'd enjoy Southwest. It's a little bit like going to a human zoo. Everything is different from the boarding process to baggage fees and even how tickets are sold (no Expedia). I love their flexibility and though they aren't 100% there for business travel, they do a wonderful job for short hauls.
1	I wouldn't fly Southwest Airlines if they were the last airline on the planet. Period. I hope Yelp allows me to post this review with no stars because that's what they deserve. Southwest committed THE cardinal airline sin: they abandoned a traveller who was, literally, thousands of miles from home.Southwest has the only non-stop between Phoenix and Manchester, NH. After making my reservation and paying an extra charge on top of the airfare, I was allowed to board before other passengers. The Gate Agent entered the aircraft and sat down next to me. After about 5 seconds, she asked me to follow her off the aircraft.I was informed that my reservation, for which I'd already paid, would NOT be honored. I was deemed a "Person of Size" and it was her decision that I needed to buy a second seat. Oh, BTW, there are no more seats on this flight (the ONLY non-stop to New Hampshire). No, you can't fly another airline because we don't "code share." Your credit card will be refunded in 2-3 weeks. Southwest stranded me 2000 miles from my (at that time) home.Later, after flying home on another airline, I checked Southwest's website. There was no mention of "Person(s) of Size", the need to buy a second ticket, or the Gate Attendant is the sole arbiter in this matter. Basically if you're more than 30-40 lbs over your ideal weight, you will be subject to this policy. I hope your credit card isn't maxed out.Subsequently, whenever the topic of airlines comes up, I tell everyone within earshot of this experience. I was a business owner. I forbade my people from flying on Southwest. Yeah, they flew my bags for free; but they wouldn't let ME on the plane. How useful is that?Now, I'm retired. When I need to return to New Hampshire from Arizona (roughly every other month) I fly US Air.
2	Normally, I would give Southwest a five. I have flown on every major airline and several not so major ones and Southwest always comes through. The flight attendants are friendly and creative. The seats are usually comfortable and have plenty of leg room. Waiting in line is never an issue and the boarding process is quick and efficient. But the last flight I had was atrocious and it was all because of the service. 12/26/2011: Flight 944 from Austin, Texas to Phoenix, Arizona. The attendant who was covering the middle of the plain was not having a good day and she decided to take it out on the passengers. She completely skipped over my row which perhaps might have been because everyone else was already fast asleep, but I had been patiently waiting to order a drink. She looked me directly in the eye and kept walking. I thought perhaps her machine wasn't working properly and that she would be back to take my order but she never returned. Next, the handing out of roasted peanuts and crackers, which are not always the most delicious of treats but I had been trying to save money and not eat at the airport and was looking forward to a snack. Once again, the attendant skipped over my row. I waved my hand this time to get her attention but she never looked up from the basket of peanuts. Finally, the drinks were delivered and when she came to my row, I asked her nicely if I could order a drink and have a bag of peanuts. She glared at me and asked what I wanted in an impatient tone. I ordered ginger ale and she brought it a few minutes later. She didn't bring the peanuts and she didn't look at me or acknowledge the fact that I thanked her for her trouble. I thought maybe she couldn't handle a tray of drinks and peanuts at the same time so I waited to see if she would bring them separately. I waited a half hour. Looking around, everyone had gotten their drinks. For the first time ever, I pressed the flight attendant button. A few minutes later, she came over. I asked if I could have a snack and that my row had been skipped earlier. She huffed and told me that I would get my snack in a condescending tone that made me feel like I was being impatient. I learned from their announcements that all the attendants were from Dallas. The flight I was on had come from Dallas which meant that my unfriendly stewardess had barely started her shift. I tried to think why she might be in a such a bad mood, either from having to work the day after Christmas or perhaps she got into a fight before she left or maybe it was because she got stuck with a night shift and the lines on her face suggested she may be getting too old for night shifts. At the end of the flight, as I disembarked, I nodded at her to see what kind of reaction I got. She squinted at me and said "bye" in a short and abrupt way. I couldn't help but notice that her tone of voice had been much softer toward the other guests and she had said things like "come and see us again," or "thank you, have a nice evening." I'm not sure why she had beef with me but I have never had such horrible service.
1	Flew Southwest Airlines two times before between Phoenix and LAX and once to Austin. Both flights from Phoenix to LAX were delayed one hour. Fortunately I usually plan for this sort of thing so I was OK with connecting to my international flight at LAX, but I'm sure others weren't so lucky. Plus, on the flight to Austin one of the flight attendants sang country songs and told inappropriate jokes about men and her husband over the loudspeaker for about 10 minutes-15 minutes. Some of the more "goofy" passengers actually seemed to enjoy "the show." But I prefer my airlines to stick to air travel and not comedy or music. Plus, what about those people that want to get some sleep or read? Why would they want to be subjected to this juvenile  krap? Plus you can't select your seat before the flight. You have to stand in line like cattle at the gate in "boarding groups" and then when your group is called to board fight off others to get a good seat. I'm a big guy so I usually win, but what about the little people?! LOL. Plus, I don't like the stress of knowing I'm gonna have to do battle with others to get a decent seat. For these reasons I haven't flown Southwest since 2008 and have only flown US Airways domestically.
5	Southwest serves a purpose - safe travel at low prices. This is a no frills airline so don't expect champagne in coach.  I travel a lot for work and pleasure and don't see a need to pay more to get from point A to point B. Furthermore, Southwest is a true American story, starting out in Texas and growing and shrinking with demand, some I respect.
4	There is nothing fancy about southwest, but there's not much wrong with it either.  On my last flight my only complaint is that the air was not turned on in the plane while we were sitting there waiting for it to take off.  You are able to check two bags and take a carry on.  You get a drink and a snack on your trip although you get the snack before the drink for some reason.  The price is always right.
5	On Saturday 24MAR12 @ 1:30AM I checked in online for my flight that morning, and went to bed.  I was sick and out of it, and was glad I could sleep in since my flight (which I thought was at noon but I saw was 1:10 on the itinerary) so I slept in. That morning I got to the Southwest checkin counter and was shocked to see my connection was at 1:10 -- my flight was at 12:10, literally in Iike 20 minutes.  I crawled up and surrendered hopelessly, expecting due reprimand, scolding and punishment.  But the agent at the desk said with an encouraging smile "I think if you run you can make it!".  So off I ran. Just as I got to the gate they were boarding.  Another airline would have just said no.  The biggest shock of all was seeing my bag on the carousel safe and sound. I love Southwest and their awesome team!
5	I have used Southwest more than any other airline. I cannot think of one trip on this airline that would make me think twice of flying on it. Excellent service, low cost, and a comfortable ride to my destination.
4	Southwest gets me where I need to go within my budget..there are no frills, you get pretzels, peanuts and a drink or two, Staff has always been nothing but friendly with me and most the time entertaining! If I have my choice Southwest is the first I choose!
5	Wow, how we love Southwest Airlines. We had the pleasure of flying on them 2x's this week.Free to check up to 2 bags each. A very easy check in 24 hours in advance on line. Easy to check your bags when you get there. Free bag tags. The seating situation has really changed.  It is very organized and easy now to get on. We were so lucky to get on a very new aircraft, a Boeing 737-800.... I think the seating was 174! Great plane, clean and fresh and so smooth.  Southwest is given a lot of liberties to make your flight fun! They make a lot of really fun announcements. 4 Flight Attendants on this one and all very nice and fun.I was surprised on a 45 min. flight they handed out 2 snacks and drinks plus a refill if you would like one.Our return flight was just as nice. Even though our flight was 40 min delayed. They did their best to keep everyone informed and were very pleasant.  We even got points for our miles flying on Southwest and all for a good price. Thank You Southwest Airlines for a really nice flight
5	We had a great time on Southwest Airlines last week. We flew up to Vegs for 4 days. Even though it was a short trip, it was a good one. The first flight we had was from Phoenix to Las Vegas. We were lucky enough to get on a 737 800 aircraft. The windows were clean and big, the plane was clean and the service was nice. Happy Flight attendents and a quick and fun flight.  Our flight back on Monday night was delayed, (but hey sometimes that happens). The crew did the best they could and it still a quick and very nice flight home. The terminal in Phoenix is really nice. Lots of shops and places to eat  and drink as well.
4	One can say an "ariline" is "an airline"...this may be true however Southwest gets my attention everytimeAnd here's why1) they are people movers. They have attendants walking the checkin areas to make sure you are on time and if not, they will move you up the line so you don't miss your flight. Now then, moving you up the ladder and not intefering with other passengers? Unbelieveable. They have a separate counter to deal with the late ones.2) 2 bags checked in free. What ariline does that these days3) At the gate, your boarding pass is coded to board by zones. Prevents the unorderly stampede of folks trying to get a good seat on the plane4) In flight? Attendants with humor. I've always had chuckles listening to the attendants as they annouce the comings and goingsThese are just a few of their good points; solid though. Now if they upgrade their fleet, I might give them an extra star!
5	Southwest offered the cheapest airfare at the time for a round trip from LA to Phoenix. I love that the checked in bag was free, and I don't have to spend an additional $50 round trip. Boarding is organized since you line up by group and number. Picking our own seats was great. On other flights, I have to negotiate to sit with someone I knew. They also offered free pretzels and peanuts. I don't remember the last time I was offered a free snack. Wi-fi is available for $5.  I will be definitely choose Southwest again especially if there is a good price.
5	Southwest Airlines is phenomenal!  Free for 2 checked bags, reasonable ticket prices, frequent flier perks and friendly staff.The only things I would change are:- People willing to pay for EarlyBird Check-in should not get prioritized ahead of A-Listers who have been paying for their tickets with SouthWest for a long time- You need to fly to Hawaii, Mexico (not just with partners, but so the SW Air perks still work) the Caribbean....oh heck, just go Worldwide.
4	I am an A-List Preferred member so I obviously fly SWA a lot. Because I also have earned a Companion Pass that allows my sweetie to fly with me for free unrestricted, I try to only fly on SWA. I am so sick of luggage & change fees on other airlines, etc that I would still prefer to fly SWA even without my perks. Speaking of perks, my Companion Pass saves me $1,000's every year and I really maximize my frequent flyer miles to make sure I get this renewed every year. Using your frequent flyer miles is very easy and if you need to cancel, they just go right back into your account.  Their web site is easy to use and manage your account. They are pretty good at notifying you if they are running late and we always sign up for Flight Status Text Messaging to get updates starting 4 hours before the flight. Other than a couple cranky flight attendants over the years barking out the rules for sitting in the emergency exits rows ("Please respond verbally with a yes, or else...  I can't heeeeear youuuuu."), I do not recall any negative in-flight experiences. They do tend to have flights run late on the routes we fly but we just adjust our airport arrival based on the revised departure times. These guys offer great service and value and the best frequent flyer perks. I'll take the Companion Pass over First Class seats any day. If SWA itself (not partners) flew to Hawaii and Mexico, we would never fly any other airline. The WiFi on-board is also cool if you ever need it. Wanna get away? SWA for sure.
5	As a former US Airways passenger, I have to tell you.  There is no comparison.  Southwest out classes them hands down!!  They have employees who actually smile, talk to customers, shake their hands.  They even give you a snack with the complimentary beverages.  For about $100 less for my short flight, I will take less attitude, better service, and a crew who actually likes to get along act as one company not two that merged several years ago and their employees still have not gotten over it.  I have taken the Phoenix to San Diego route several times.  On US AIRWAYS, they stop service to passengers at the slightest turbulence.  Would not be so bad if it was truly an emergency but you know it is pure laziness when US AIRWAYS cuts service and then they all stand around talking.  Kudos to CRYSTAL on flight 1011 San Diego to Phoenix 625pm on 4/4/2013 for being so nice!  I really think before any merger takes effect, US AIRWAYS should send their employees to SOUTHWEST so they can learn how to treat their passengers and each other.  BTW, you may hear stories about passengers getting out of hand sometime on Southwest but they are so much better than US AIRWAYS passengers.  Very polite, they wait their turn, and they are not rude and demanding.  Although some of that may stem from US AIR's employees and trickle down do not let anyone fool you!  Southwest is a GREAT PRICE AIRLINE WITH GREAT EMPLOYEES AND PASSENGERS.  So do not pay more to be Ghetto.  GET ONBOARD WITH SOUTHWEST and outclass those who think they are better!
1	FLIGHT 4038 - Phoenix to Buffalo 4-13-13So what does Southwest Airline have control over? I think it is only fair to review a business or in this case a flight for the things they actually have control over.For example; the rude woman who wanted to sit next to me, while I attempted to explain that my wife was sitting there wasn't Southwest's fault - that woman should just be thrown from the moving aircraft!They also cannot really control whether the ride is smooth or bumpy - though I do believe they could try to avoid some of the big bumps when I need to pee so badly and am not allowed to get up because of the turbulence. Finally, the cannot control the passenger who has a horrible allergic condition of peanuts - so badly that the flight became a peanut free flight! However, I still had to eat my protein bar, which had nuts in it - but then again - I have to eat what I have to eat so my BS doesn't drop and I take precedence over the nut issue!However, they DO have control over their flight attendants and this flight was no different then most others on Southwest. Though I have been with better - they had a good sense of humor - one in which my son didn't fully grasp, but then again he wasn't looking forward to going back home to WNY from Scottsdale AZ!  Steve was perhaps the best of the crew!The aircraft appeared clean - it was a new one for sure 737 so they get a star for that. Otherwise - it's pretty much a basic seen it all before flight! I like upgrades to First Class!Perhaps I was a bit too kind - I am changing this review from 2 stars down to 1 because this flight attendant is just too darn sarcastic and rude! she should be thrown out of the aircraft at 30,000 feet with the other rude biotch!Just when you think it won't get worse - we land in Buffalo only to find out that most everyone's luggage is still in Phoenix - I was lucky - my family got two out of six bags - we only have four bags left in Phoenix. Thank you Southwest for making this trip and my families vacation one to remember!
4	Tips if you have never flown Southwest:-line up by boarding number -seats are chosen first come first serve, choose anywhere!-generous reimbursement for giving up your seat but the ticket agents may not be so forthright about the fastest alternative to bring you homeI wound up with $400 in flight credit and only had to arrive an hour later. I was happy with my flight and didn't mind being forced to the middle as I was traveling solo.
5	LUV.
4	I am a frequent flyer and the check in line at Southwest is nearly always the longest. They get it and it is good from the popularity of this line to see that people realize it. This is an industry where many carriers lack customer service and will get business anyway.  The only thing that is going to change this  is if we all try to support the businesses that care about the customer.
4	Big fan of Southwest.  We fly SW a lot and appreciate that they go out of our local airport.  This flight into PHX left from FLL 40 minutes late, but somehow the pilot was able to make up the time and arrive on time.  Regardless, the second leg out from PHX to LAX was delayed 50 minutes which meant I had about an hour to hang out at the SW gate in PHX for a bit.  A little confusing holding area as the check-in desk is situated on the opposite side of the room from the actual boarding gates.  Looks like the single desk handles 3-4 gates maybe.  The check-in staff wasn't clear that the plane arriving at our gate was NOT the plane we were supposed to board, so a lot of us started lining up but there was a whole 'nother group taking the arriving plane to Vegas.  They unloaded and loaded quickly and our plane arrived just a few minutes later.Regardless, Southwest has very straightforward policies, and excellent prices.  We use our Southwest Visa all the time and build up beaucoup points and that's a nice bonus!  I also have a nephew-in-law who works for SW and we get a few buddy passes every year which is even a bigger bonus.Now, even though the boarding process has changed over the years (remember those plastic blue ones?), the cattle call isn't much different than it was 15 years ago.  Being 6'5, I wish the leg space was a tad longer, but at the ticket price I can't complain much.  Flight attendants and staff are always friendly and happy which must mean they enjoy their job.  Years ago, they used to sing, tell jokes, and get pretty crazy on the flights, but I think they were told to tone it down a bit.  Once in awhile they crack a nice joke or announce the "Welcome to Chicago!" when your flight really landed in Colorado or something like that.  Love that humor.  Keep it up SW!
3	I do like the airfare and no frills of Southwest, especially on shorter flights.  Phoenix seems to be a typical layover for Southwest as I travel from West to East coast and back.  The flights so far have always been on time in and out of Phoenix.
3	The customer service can be hit or miss, but you can't deny the cheap airfare and luggage flys free.  If your flying with a lap child, and if there are seats available you can bring you car seat on board.  This will be more comfortable for you and the baby!  Also I would suggest bringing your stroller to make moving about the large Phoenix airport easier.  Then gate checking your stroller, so it will be instantly available to you when you land.  When gate checking a stroller or car seat, you don't have to wrap it in a plastic bag (it's optional but not necessary), found this out at the ticket counter.  Also when flying with young children, you get priority boarding, which is after A boarding.  This is better then C boarding, but still not the best seating especially if it's a packed flight or a transfer flight.  For example, my family got stuck in the very back of the plane and there was no room!  The flight attendants, however were very nice and took two drink orders, gathered trash several times, and asked if we needed anything.  Overall, a less expensive way to fly and I'll definitely be back.
4	It was a very busy day at the airport this morning.  Line at check in was very long that I decided to not check my luggage in.   Lady (I think her name was Emma or Emily) at Gate 17 around 11am was very professional. She stayed calm despite the line that was getting long in front of her and her phones ringing off the hook.)  She handled my request to change my flight to an earlier one since my original flight has been delayed 1 hour.  Kudos to her!
5	Southwest is my airline. I've always preferred them. There are no assigned seats, which is a curse and a blessing. A blessing in the case of showing up early you have your choice. A curse, if you run a hair late, you're split up. We are rapid rewards members, and have Chase Visa cards - which means we are frequently sent drink vouchers. I know this isn't a huge deal, but it makes us feel valued. Sometimes it isn't the dollar value of the gesture, but the casual reminder of "Hey we know you choose us, and we hope you continue to do so..." We've had pretty good luck with baggage, very few flights that require connections, and overall very kind staff. In fact, this last jump from Georgia to Phoenix, we had a snag at the drop off for the rental car, and arrived at the gate about 1 minute before they were going to close the doors. They had someone WITH OUR BOARDING PASSES waiting for us, so we could walk right on. We expected to be turned away, not be treated like royalty. Thank you for always getting us to and from safe Southwest.
5	Only way to fly!
2	So I'm a friendly sort of guy. But, I have to travel with a back brace and my pain meds. Having an artificial disc and fused vertebrae make traveling a chore, and I'm slow. I rely on the kindness of strangers for little things. So, I ask for pre-boarding. I have never been interrogated before like I was here. I think the spine support brace, or my paperwork if you need it, should be enough. But the agent seemed bent on making sure that he disapproved of my asking to pre-board. I hate the walk down the ramp, when I tried general boarding. People pass me or ask me if I need help. Well, I do pre-board and avoid the drama. But humiliating me and giving me his disdain felt worse. I've never had an airline treat me like this. I'll avoid SWA, at least from PHX. My pain meds kicked in, which helped take the edge off the interrogation. I hope the he never has a reason to swallow ones pride and ask for help. If he does, I hope he is not treated like he treated me.  Oh... The flight attendant was nice. But I still recall the ground guy...  Arg.
5	Absolutely great. I missed my first flight since I spaced and didn't take into account the time zone difference. The guy at the southwest desk by my gate found me the next flight and waived the fees.
5	Love, love, love Southwest!  Their new updated app is amazingly simple now too.  I had a flight I booked with points scheduled for today and I had forgotten to cancel it.  A few hours before takeoff, I go on my app, cancel the flight, get 100% of my points credited back to me, and get the $5.00 fee credited back to me!  I simply cannot understand why other airlines do not follow SW's lead.  SW passengers are happier and treated fairly.  And TWO bags at no cost!!!!!  I fly frequently and I always choose a SW flight first!!!
5	Just got pretzels and a soda on my flight.  Reminded me of the 1980s when flying was a treat. Great airline.
1	Be ware things are not so warm and fuzzy anymore.  I tried in vain to book an ticket, tried to use rapid rewards, then tried to buy the ticket, then called.  The call center acknowledged that the system was down and there was nothing they would or could do just call back the next day when the fairs jumped up another tier.  We had everything loaded, rate was locked in credit car was logged in and whamo we were cut off.  Naturally I called and got a supervisor's supervisor, Omar, I believe and he callously blew me off and eventually hung up......Oh and did I mention this was the only direct flight left, not quite the Keller era anymore.
3	I would rate Southwest overall as an average at best airlines.  Pros: Tons of nonstop flights in and out of Phoenix, friendly and helpful employees, no change fees when you have to rebook.Cons: Not always the cheapest fares even with no bag fees, consistently poor WiFi service, worthless flyer miles, no guarantee of a better boarding slot if you purchase the early auto checkin.I do fly Southwest, but they are no my first choice, or even first loom when booking the flight.
4	Crikey.  Why Am I Being Diverted To Phoenix?SITREPOkay.  So I probably should have paid closer attention to the flight-schedule when my uncle and I were making reservations for my return flight from Spokane to Sacramento.But a layover in freakin PHOENIX?!?  Jiminy.  It takes much longer to fly to Phoenix than to Sacramento.  And THEN, it's also longer to fly to Sacramento from Phoenix than it would have been to fly between Spokane to Sacramento directly.INSULT TO INJURYTalk about getting the ultimate run-a-round.  What would be a normal hour and 45 minute flight now takes six (6) and a half hours!  [Welcome to my world.]GRAND CANYONOkay oKay.  Now what mitigated these circumstances a bit was the fact that we flew RIGHT OVER the Grand Canyon and we got to see a lot of the beauty and expansive reach of this wonder of nature.Take a look at the pictures and get you sense of the feel I had fun seeing it.THE LOWDOWNSo I may not have enjoyed the total waste in terms of overall "flight & layover time", but on this occasion what a treat to see the Grand Canyon for the first time, so thank you.
5	Cheapest airlines out there.  No checked bags fee, up to two per flight per person.  No change fee, only need to pay the difference in fares.  Fly to almost anywhere and everywhere in the U.S.  First come, first serve seats, you do however need to check-in at least 24 hours in advanced before your departure date for best seats.  The flight attendants are always happy and actually love their jobs.  They will give you whole can of soft drinks if you ask for it, and they would gladly give you unlimited free refills if you ask nicely.  One bad thing about this airline is that they don't have any international flights, especially to Canada and/or Mexico.
3	The TSA at this terminal are like really strict here. I've never had too much delay though flying out and Southwest has never lost my bags so overall its been good.
4	Never book a flight early in the morning out of PHX.  A large number of seniors book flights early mornings and they get through TSA check points at a slower pace.
5	Southwest deserves a five star raging because they consistently provide excellent customer service and do not charge it's customers baggage fee. However, I give Phoenix airport a three star because the waiting area is small and has no electrical outlets. In addition, the food choices are very limited.
4	Still tops, but more delays I'm a fan of Southwest on the bases of their on-time scores, low lost luggage rates, I-can-do-it staff attitude, and overall cost.  The queue system for seating doesn't bother me and I find it worth the Early Bird fee to get on a bit sooner.  The math is that it's a very effective way to administer a variable demand system.My only knock is that after many flights with no delays, I've seen three delays on recent trips.  We ended up making up some time in the air on two of those flights, which is cool.  Just hoping it's not a pattern.
4	Southwest Airlines...You will always be my first choice in air travel! I flew with another airline to use up an existing ticket...but whenever possible, I'm sticking with Southwest!
4	I seem to be flying here and there and Southwest is my 1st choice of airlines.  Free bags, free cold drinks or coffee, small bag of peanuts and some kinds of cracker or pretzels.  This is so unheard of any more.  Good for Southwest.Ok so I have to remember to check in 24 hours prior for an A or B because C means middle.  I have been lucky so far and usually get B.  The crew can be pretty funny at times.  The only problem is the last flight of the day at least from Phoenix.  It is usually late.  Take me back to Phoenix soon.  I want to see my new granddaughter
4	Love these guys. I just wish they finished with their jokes like back in the day. After all the turmoil getting through security and crazy foot traffic a good laugh is always good. Still my favourite airline. Great staff and have never had any problems. They are awesome with their bag and rearranging flights services as well.
1	Never again! Departing from LAX our flight was canceled and had to book another flight and that one was delayed.. Now returning home the flight has been delayed about 3 times. Very annoyed and just seems like that can't seem to be on schedule for any flights!
1	I used to fly this airline every week! I earned a Free Companion Pass for several years running. I was a super fan. But, they changed. Big Time. The "low fare" airline completely restructured its frequent flyer program so that they no longer reward you for flying frequently.They reward you for paying higher fares! Yes, it really is that hypocritical. Pay more and get more points. Find and use low fares at the "low fare" airline and you are penalized severely. The current frequent flyer program is worthless. Programs like that are a real motivator to me and many other frequent flyers. We are not going to pay more to deceive ourselves into thinking we are getting something "free."  Nor are we going to rip off our companies by intentionally paying higher fares just to qualify for perks we used to earn by virtue of flying all the time with SWA. They've completely alienated me. I no longer have any affinity whatsoever for this rip-off airline. (And, by the way, check out their fares and compare.They frequently are the highest fare. Hypocrites.)
3	I have mixed feelings about Southwest. I love that they are so affordable, and really the only airline that still lets your bags "fly free." Yet the past few times I've really noticed their quality of service go down. For example, a few months ago we went to Florida on vacation. We checked in about 40 minutes before our flight, which I admit is cutting it a little close, but no one said anything to us. Got checked in, boarded our flight, arrived safely. But one of our bags did not. Apparently, if you don't check in "early enough," there's a good chance that your bags won't come with you. My bag ended up being on another flight, which they didn't know when that was. Unfortunately we were staying about an hour away from the Tampa airport, so my husband had to spend $100 on a cab to go back and get it when it finally arrived later that night. Again, Southwest never said anything about this policy, otherwise we would have arrived much earlier. It was quite the ordeal, but we got zero apologies or anything for our wasted time and money. Just last week we traveled again with SW, this time arriving to the airport 1.5 hours early. Unfortunately, our flight was delayed over an hour! So much for trying to arrive early and be responsible. Ohwell, this sort of thing happens right. No biggie. But on our flight back, our flight was delayed an hour, AGAIN. For no reason, it was the middle of summer, clear weather. What's up with Southwest? They used to be awesome. I guess you get what you pay for.
2	Although it does not happen too many times, they have a habit of cancelling the flight when there isn't enough flyers on that particular flight.I understand it's business, but how about some consideration for the few flyers who have already booked on the flight you just cancelled?They should at least have the decency to book you on another flight rather than just give you the notification of cancellation and then have the flyers arrange on to a different flight.
1	What happened to Southwest Air?!? What happened to the friendly, fun staff I used to treasure and look forward to each flight?  Late flights, delays, rebooked flights for the following day without hotel vouchers..... And then surly check-in folks with poor attitudes... Definitely not the Southwest I remember!
3	They were late taking off which pushed us back 1.5 hours. We almost missed our flight. I've noticed Southwest has been getting worse about taking off on time. I will continue to fly with them though based on the amount of frequent flyer points I have. I hope they get better with there times.
5	My favorite airline. What airline lets you pick your own seats when you board? Southwest. What airline makes witty comments during the safety brief (When selecting which child to put the oxygen mask on first, pick the one with the most potential)? Southwest. I would honestly pay more to pick my own seat, but as it stands, Southwest is one of the cheapest airlines to fly because it's a budget airline. You get free snacks and drinks like any other airline, there just aren't TVs to watch and the plane isn't separated into business class and first class. I could care less, I will never fly either of those classes and I'd rather watch TV on my kindle, which is provided for free by the airlines. Wifi is $8 a day. Only thing is on our way back from MSP to Phoenix, some of the flight attendants ignored my request for a drink. No biggie, it was only a 3 hour flight. Although it felt much shorter, more like an hour and a half.So long as they never change picking your own seats, I'll always fly Southwest.
2	Over 45 minutes sitting on plane with no a/c along with a dozen or more planes in tarmac.  Piss poor customer service, and not even allowed to get up and move around.
2	Southwest service, and equipment reliability trending down.Two trips ago they badly damaged our luggage. The Southwest agent begrudgingly gave us a form that we could file, along with our original luggage purchase receipt to petition Southwest for repair reimbursement. The agent also told us, "good luck trying to make that happen". She discouraged us from from submitting the form.Our last trip departed late due to the aircraft having to be replaced due to equipment failure. The replacement aircraft ended up having a failed AC unit so the aircraft was very hot and uncomfortable. Lastly, our luggage was misdirected to a destination that had nothing to do with our travel.Moral of the experience; if having to travel southwest, check as little as possible, bring as much as possible as a carry-on.
1	I am an A list preferred member with Southwest Airlines. Over the last 12 months their service has become horrible. They used to be a company worth celebrating. Really kind of sad how far they've fallen. 2 free bags aren't worth being 2 hours late 90% of the time.
1	Fly any other airline.  This one is pathetic.  Crowded smelly terminal and old planes.  Yikes what a disaster.
5	southwest is by far my favorite airline. I have traveled to many cities on Southwest.  Their employees all seem so happy.  From the pilot to the the ticket agent.  This flight was a fun one with lots if people drinking and flying to see UCLA play ASU!  The pilot played the Arizona school sing when we landed and the people went nuts.  Speaking if nuts.  I still live the free nuts and pretzels!   Good times! Flying with with SW makes travel easy and enjoyable.  And don't forget that everyone can still check one baggage for free
4	Cheap.. goes about anywhere.. I fly with them all the time.. crappy the way you have to board but good part you typically get the seat you want .. regulations and safety is one thing. But rude. Is another. Today when the flight attendant walked by while checking seat belts before take off I politely asked if she could throw my cup filled with OJ  away.. she rudely turns to me ands says... ahhh not now ummmmmmm no.   In a very snotty rude way.  Before taxing she came back to get it and explained the safety regulations why she didn't. But she could've said it a bit nicer.  Sometimes the flight attendants seriously are rude. Unfriendly and have a stick up their butts.
5	Southwest is by far my airline of choice, especially when traveling on the West coast.Friendly employees, modern planes that are clean and sporting on-board DishTV and internet.  Can't go wrong!The Southwest counter at Phoenix Sky Harbor is large and has plenty of employees working the check-in machines.  One feature I greatly appreciated was a separate baggage line for those of us who have already checked in with our smartphones.  It was nice not to have to wait for travelers who were checking in just so I could drop off my luggage.  The Southwest terminal is a bit of a journey from check-in, but not as bad as some other airports in major cities.  (Nothing is as good as Burbank (BUR) as far as walking distance but hey, it's a tiny airport.)Overall, Southwest Phoenix Sky Harbor gets 5 stars!
5	Travelling to New York today and i must say the employee are always friendly and courtesousKeep up the good work   the holidays are just around the corner and all the crazies come outthanks for the wonderful flight
4	Love southwest. Always on time and makes your flying experience feel easy and quick.. I just think they def need too work more on finding more friendly flight attendants... They seem miserable and think they are a person a favor by asking of I would like a beverage or a lousy bag of peanuts!
5	Southwest is as good as it gets as far as getting from point A to point B effectively and efficiently. Of the literally hundreds of flights I have taken with them over the last 12 years, I can count on one hand the instances of unpunctuality, they are always on time, even when combating the airports that are notorious for delays, like SFO. Southwest seems to do just about everything right, from their free bag checking (up to the first 2 bags I believe and under like 50 pounds, I rarely do anything but carry on) to no fees for flights changes, which comes in handy, especially when other air lines typically have a $20 minimum fee for such a cause. I also appreciate the staff on each flight. Most of the time, you'll get a slight comedy routine during the announcements and all you have to do is ask for the full can of soda and they gladly give it.My one complaint, and this is why I don't recommend Southwest for especially long flights, the flights are typically very uncomfortable. I have only ever been on a handful of flights that weren't "standing room only", if you will. Which is great, this is how they are able to offer great prices and not charge to use the restroom, (you think I'm joking, just wait and see, it is coming from the other airlines soon...) they fill all of their flights and don't pass costs on to us, so it okay.  Also, the no assigned seating, no big deal, just set a reminder on your phone as I do and check in exactly 24hrs prior to the flight or if booked with less than 24hrs before the flight, check in right then and you have a much better chance of boarding with the A's. All in all, Southwest will continue to be my airline of choice for any and all state side travel.
5	There are only 2 other domestic airlines that's as comparable.  I take the cheap peanuts any day to pick my own seats.
5	If you can deal with the y'all come boarding, best airline ever. I'm rarely late, have never lost a bag, and love the employees. Attitude reflects leadership and they have done it right.
1	Competitive ticket prices and free checked bags are NOT worth losing your luggage and being made to feel so mistreated. I am SO disappointed and angry with SW airlines right now but rather then looking like that angry person just blindly screaming out, I'll tell you about my experience. I accidentally left my carryon on a jet on my flight home from a business trip last Thursday. Yes, MY bad. I realized it about 30 seconds after deplaning, but had already crossed the security checkpoint. The security guard would not let me go back, and told me if I went to SW baggage claim, they would have someone get the bag and bring it to me. I rushed down to baggage claim (less then 5 min later) where the attendant CALLED the gate. The jet was STILL THERE and boarding it's next flight- plenty of time. I told them where I was sitting and exactly what my bag looked like. They sent me back up to the gate (complete with security and trams, etc) and told me they'd pull my bag and have it waiting for me. I get through all of security etc and made it to the gate, where the lady nonchalantly tells me she doesn't have my bag. She then gives me the jet # and a phone # for Pheonix baggage claim and tells me it's on ME to call both Pheonix and Houston (the next 2 stops) and find out IF they still have my bag and that I would pay to have it shipped back to me. FINE. That I should also file a lost luggage claim online (DONE). I spent the next 72 hours desperately trying to speak to a live person and left multiple phone messages at several airports- not ONE call was returned. I drove to the SACRAMENTO airport on Sunday, my first day off, to FORCE a human interaction and get more info. I'm told the following: 1: Southwest Airlines DOES NOT TRACK "lost and found" items from planes- they blindly "mail them" back to some lost and found depot out in Alabama. 2: Sometimes they track "high priced" items found like phones and computers, but that's it (my bag had about $700 worth of clothing in it, including $300 boots). There's no accountability for turning lost items in so who's to say if the items are "found" or "KEPT" by employees?! 3: IF Pheonix found my bag, they'd only keep it for 24 hours before sending it off (without logging ANYTHING) and that I SHOULD have called them sooner to find out if it was there. I've called MULTIPLE times each day and never got a response! I called the "hotline" number on your website to literally be told, "I'm so sorry, that sounds horrible. Theres nothing I can do" and that if I don't hear anything within 30 days, they didn't "find" it and will stop looking.  REALLY?! I get that I made the error in the first place but this does NOT excuse my luggage being negligently handled with ZERO accountability and ZERO attempt to resolve the issue. I'm still not convinced my things were simply not taken by the aircrew... for a multinational airline that puts so much emphasis on the customer experience to have such ineffective processes for handling their customer's baggage (and even less accountability and followup) sounds ridiculous to me and not believable... it has just been excuses and empty apologies. As for my lost baggage I feel strongly about informing the public about Southwest's current "policies" and keeping them up to date about my experience.
5	I fly SWA, no really I do! I have for years now too.  I happen to be a fan of Southwest Airlines, yes sometimes flights are delayed, but you know what, that happens with every airline.  I have flown many of times and gone many of places from California, Washington, Nevada, and Texas and have never ran into a rude crew. Price of tickets are reasonable, and your 1st & 2nd bag flies free, which has come in handy when a kid or 2 has moved out and left some stuff behind it's easy to just pack it and fly it to them when you visit them. Some flights (so far all the ones I have been on) have WIFI, and when I have a long flight or a stop or 2 I have partaking in the all-day WIFI, it worked perfectly too, only you can't stream your Netflix or HBOGO, but that wasn't a deal breaker for me. Im just a fan of SWA what can I say.
4	Southwest will always be my number one airline. They are not perfect, and I've definitely had a couple frustrations as I fly often, but overall the majority of my experiences are great. I love that they have the rapid rewards visa card. I love that they have a low fare calendar online. I'm ecstatic that they just started flying internationally. I'm very loyal to this airline and recommend them above all others. Southwest - I have one major ask of you. I have an android phone and I want the BING app in the worst way. Please make BING notifications for android too!
5	I fly SWA nearly every week. I am a fan because I can check two bags for FREE. Also, they have an excellent rapid rewards program where you can earn points for flights. (I believe you can use the points for other purchases, but I've never done that). After so many flights, I get free drink coupons. The SWA gate agents and flight attendants are the friendliest in the business. Sometimes the flights are delayed, but that happens with every airline. I have flown others and I'm just too spoiled by flying SWA. They rock. If I have the choice, I don't fly any other airline.
1	Poor customer service.  Now on hold for 40 minutes. If you have to change a flight you  will have to drive to the airport and cross your fingers.
1	the WiFi ($8) is terrible.  They should tell you that you can't really use it before charging you $8.00 for it.  It bothers me when a large company like southwest airlines sells something that has little to NO value.  give it away for free and if it does not work... who can complain!!  6 he's stuck on a cramped plain with nothing to watch.  o and the "dish TV for free". good luck with that.    thanks BS AIR LINES
4	I have always been a fan of this airline. Costs are cheap, bags are free they fly to destinations that I need to go. For work or pleasure they do the trick. Boarding has become better over the years. Instead of arriving at the airport way too early to sit on the floor to secure good seats. Pay the extra to get A boarding and you get a choice. The thing I notice on my recent flight was the leg room has shrunk or I'm getting plump. When I put the tray table down it was right on top of me. If the person in front of my reclines I am doomed. I know the airlines are changing and want to pack the plane which almost every Southwest flight is packed these days. Consider how the seats are done, I'm sure you can stuff a lot of people in but still have a little more leg room. Anyway I do like them and will continue to use. Points are good, free flights are nice But for the cost its worth it.
5	We almost always fly SWA.  Their ticket prices was the most competitive when I had to buy last minute tickets to visit my father who was dying from cancer.  Still cost and arm and a leg but still half the price of what the other airlines were charging.  That was 10 years ago so I'm not sure how competitive they are now.  I also like that you can cancel a flight and rebook it without any penalties.  Thank you SWA for not price gouging.
4	No luggage fees and Early-Bird check-in make the flying experience less painful.  The glamour days of flying are long gone as flying is now much like a Greyhound bus only at a higher altitude.
5	Always great service. They allowed me to switch flights at the very last minute and they didn't even charge me for it, even though there was a $289 difference! Also, the new planes make it even better and the fact that they give snacks on the plane are a big deal these days!
2	Usually have decent service, but today was terrible. I've flown SWA for many years and I think I'll stop now. Besides the delays, which seem to happen a lot, their service has declined. I was late checking a bag (my fault for not getting there early), and it did not arrive at my destination. So i asked the lady at the luggage counter when my bag would arrive. She said it would be on the next plane in about 2 hrs. I went home, and came back to sit in traffic. Went to the desk, no luggage. Lady said there were 2 incoming flights from the same place, and it'd be on there. Waited another 40min for the 2 flights to unload luggage, nothing. Filed the report and the lady offered nothing besides a half-hearted sheepish 'sorry'. I don't understand how that can happen. Not 1 but 2 flights, and my bag still MIA. I'd recommend people to pay the extra $$ and not deal with the hassle, not my first time so I should've known better.
1	FYI Southwest Airlines won't let you print out your borading pass on your return flight until you arrive at the departing airport. Absolutely makes no sense....Will be using another airline for my travels.
2	Okay, unfortately SW Airllines needs to train their employees better.SW Airlines can only issue to a passenger two (2) boarding passes in a travel day. Example: Travel day 12/1; traveing from PHX to GEG with connecting flight in OKL (changing airplanes), got two boarding passes; got to GEG did my business and got an boarding pass at GEG with stop in LAS (no change of planes). It's frustrating because GEG was a full (over booked) flight.
1	Livid this morning!  I have to cancel a flight on Southwest for this week.  I want to use the flight funds to rebook a flight in April.  Because I used 33.90 in previous flight funds to purchase the flight for this week, the entire flight funds expiration date was changed to expire on February 11th, 2015, instead of for January 12th of 2016.  I just lost 184.20 to Southwest's insane policy. Even contacting customer relations was unsuccessful in resolving this.  Spread the word, so it doesn't happen to you, or anyone you know.
5	Free bags, Peanuts and Pretzels.  Does it get better than that?
