5	The sandwich; versatile, tasty, nutritious. I love 'em. Welcome then, to the Mecca of sandwich making that is Rapid Rolls. You've got to go here. The selection of breads is huge, the fillings delicious, everything is fresh and made to the highest standards. I'm not sure they even know how good they are. The service is so quick and always friendly, and they seem so modest. I'm genuinely in awe.I worked briefly in Subway, who's mantra was thus: "You can go to any Subway, anywhere in the world, and you'll get the same sandwich." I don't think I've heard a more soul destroying and mind numbing business ideology before or since. To take a blank canvass and paint "The Last Supper" once will make you famous, to photocopy it and sell it worldwide will make you nothing more than a shameless imposter with all the talent and originality of your average Big Brother contestant. This place provides a masterclass in sandwich making, everyone else take note.My only gripe is that the opening hours for this place are a bit thin on the ground, and I don't think it's open at the weekend, but too much of a good thing eh...
2	Firstly, letme agree with Stephanie T. This place is far from 'rapid' at any time of the day. Whether there is a huge queue forming out of the door or just you in the whole shop, you will wait for what seems like an eternity before you are eventually served. Although to give credit where credit is due, the actual preperation time of the sandwiches is fairly quick - which may explain why they always look a bit messy and sloppy. However, once you stop being shallow about your food, the sandwiches here are actually pretty damn tasty and good value for what you pay for them.
2	I had heard good things about this place, but  wasn't overly impressed. The service wasn't very good, I was treated like a sheep in the market and rushed along the line, paid little attention and i don't think anyone behind the counter ever cracked a smile. What happened to service with a smile?My sandwich wasn't bad, but it wasn't amazing. The first few bits were tasty but not so much by the end of it....but not a bad experience!!
4	This has to be my favourite sandwich shop. No fancy schmancy quinoa or rocket here but always a nice hearty soup or baked potato and they even made me a smashing salad box today which as always was excellent value for money and far healthier than some salads available in nearby sandwich shops. When I'm not eating healthy the empire biscuits are amazing but almost sweeter than a Krispy Kreme! Lovely friendly service from the ladies that opened it all those years ago.
