1	I took my cat in for a second opinion not realizing she would leave in a box ! I went in on an emergency basis so when hydration was offered I put her in the hospital, I should have and would have taken her home If I had been told she was terminal. I NEVER received that second opinion I went in there for, my error was trusting the Vet ! My cat was having trouble eating and drinking and had gone from 13 pounds to 51/2 pounds. The Doc. said she was dehydrated and that " we'll get her to eat" there is no way they ever got this cat to eat anything ! She wouldn't eat the treats that previously she would " kill for " !! She was starving to death in that hospital,nothing but a skeleton and couldn't stand up for long and you could have knocked her over with a feather when she was standing ,she was so weak, too weak to meow,she tried, you could see her tummy move, what was left of it! all I could do was cry, and I'm still crying !  Again, my error was trusting this Vet and putting my cats welfare in her hands, although, this Vet is very good at convincing vulnerable and mourning people of " stuff". I'll not say anymore about this Vet, I'll keep this as a story of what happened to me and my beloved cat and you the reader can draw your own conclusions !.They put her on IV fluids to hydrate her and implied she was on the IV constantly so I couldn't take her home. I was never told that this cat was dying of starvation and we should put her down to end her suffering. I said from the beginning that I didn't want to run up a bill large enough to send the doc. on a world tour. I was told not to worry about the bill and late into this the Doc told me it would be $200.00 .I left the cat and was strung along for ten days as the cat continued to deteriorate. The Doc. would not return my calls, would tell me she would call me the next day and failed to do so . I would get encouraging statements from the Doc. I would be told, " call tomorrow to see if she can go home " . When I called to speak with the Doc she would give me short messages relayed thru the receptionist that answered my call, the Doc wouldn't talk to me !  Messages like, " she ate all her food last night", which was a damned lie, that was all part of stringing me along ! All one could see of this cat were bones ! This cat was dying of starvation ! While the cat continued to lose weight. This was outright inhumane , it also deprived me of having my beloved cat at home for a few more days before her passing. I took her body home in a Reused box they apparently had laying around somewhere, after I finally insisted that she was not getting better and that she was dying and that we need to put her down, I told them, " this borders on inhumane " !!! On one visit i said. " she's gotten much worse " the Doc said to me " you think so ? ". Dear God it was so obvious !!I am so devastated over thinking about my beloved cat spending her dying days in a cage with strangers and all kinds of noise etc.around her . I'm still in tears thinking how my beloved cat spent the last 10 days of her life , in that cage dying of starvation .By the way, the bill turned out to be over $600.00 . triple what I was told it would be !!!The worst part is that I was deprived of being with my beloved cat for the last 10 days of her life.If these people put money over the welfare of our animals and the owners feelings ( and they do ), GOD HELP US ALL !!!Do some people need money that bad or are some people just Evil ?If you love your pet , as we all do, please do not take your pet to this animal hospital , treat them better than that, they deserve better.I'm still devastated thinking of how my beloved cat spent her last days. I doubt I'll ever get over it .My Vet was Susie Costa-Fakler, DVM
1	I took my cat in for a second opinion not realizing she would leave in a box ! I went in on an emergency basis so when hydration was offered I put her in the hospital, I should have and would have taken her home If I had been told she was terminal. I NEVER received that second opinion I went in there for, my error was trusting the Vet ! My cat was having trouble eating and drinking and had gone from 13 pounds to 51/2 pounds. The Doc. said she was dehydrated and that " we'll get her to eat" there is no way they ever got this cat to eat anything ! She wouldn't eat the treats that previously she would " kill for " !! She was starving to death in that hospital,nothing but a skeleton and couldn't stand up for long and you could have knocked her over with a feather when she was standing ,she was so weak, too weak to meow,she tried, you could see her tummy move, what was left of it! all I could do was cry, and I'm still crying ! They put her on IV fluids to hydrate her and implied she was on the IV constantly so I couldn't take her home. I was never told that this cat was dying and we should put her down to end her suffering. I said from the beginning that I didn't want to run up a bill large enough to send the doc. on a world tour. I was told not to worry about the bill and late into this the Doc told me it would be $200.00 .I left the cat and was strung along for ten days as the cat continued to deteriorate. The Doc. would not return my calls, would tell me she would call me the next day and failed to do so . I would get encouraging statements from the Doc. I would be told, " call tomorrow to see if she can go home " While the cat continued to lose weight. This was outright inhumane , it also deprived me of having my beloved cat at home for a few more days before her passing. I took her body home in a Reused box they apparently had laying around somewhere, after I finally insisted that she was not getting better and that she was dying and that we need to put her down, I told them, " this borders on inhumane " !!! On one visit i said. " she's gotten much worse " the Doc said to me " you think so ? ". Dear God it was so obvious !!I am so devastated over thinking about my beloved cat spending her dying days in a cage with strangers and all kinds of noise etc.around her . I'm still in tears thinking how my beloved cat spent the last 10 days of her life , in that cage dying of starvation.By the way, the bill turned out to be over $600.00 . triple what I was told it would be !!!The worst part is that I was deprived of being with my beloved cat for the last 10 days of her life.If these people put money over the welfare of our animals and the owners feelings ( and they do ), GOD HELP US ALL !!!Do some people need money that bad or are some people just Evil ?If you love your pet , as we all do, please do not take your pet to this animal hospital , treat them better than that, they deserve better.I'm still devastated thinking of how my beloved cat spent her last days. I doubt I'll ever get over it .My Vet was Susie Costa-Fakler, DVM
5	I can't say enough good about this hospital, the veterninarians and the staff.  Friendly, accomodating, and caring.  I have two cats that have urinary and respiratory conditions which in the past have needed emergency care. This hospital has them on maintenance (diet, medicine and injections when needed) that have kept them from becoming critical for over two years.  Save the cats a lot of pain and me a lot of $.   They will handle all my animal care needs from now on!
4	I like this animal hospital. The design of this place is built very well. The Vets are so nice, but then again all Veterinarians are nice. I highly recommend this place.
4	We have brought all of our animals to Dr. Hicks and the staff at Spencer Springs Animal Hospital for YEARS. We used to live very close, but now we don't and we STILL bring our fur kids back. Cooper T. Dog and Snagglepus HBIC (you might need to Urban Dictionary that one :) love the friendly staff, especially when they get a treat at the end. We have come to Spencer Springs to lay an old friend to rest in the past. They were very kind, loving and understanding to our girl. Also, on several occasions we have made unscheduled emergency visit and every time we get in to see the Dr. quickly, and our emergency is handled with appropriate care and treatment. I can't speak too strongly on their prices because honestly I have never shopped around. BUT I do know that any time we come for service, emergency or routine, I am never taken aback by the bill. I highly recommend Spencer Springs Animal Hospital to dog, cat and pet owners.
5	We have been taking our Cocker Spaniel, Nikki Leigh to Spencer Springs Animal Hospital since I got her at 7 weeks old.  The staff has always been very nice, the hospital is very clean and all of the Doctor's that we have had have been very professional and great.   We have also boarded Nikki on several occassions when we go out of town and have never had any issues.  I would highly recommend this animal hospital.  They also sell the prescription dog food and toys for your furry friends!
5	We first met Dr Keenan and the staff of Spencer Springs on a sad Friday afternoon. Our boy Italian Greyhound had been ill for about a month and he had just moved here the day before after being left with friends until we could get settled in dog friendly housing here in Las Vegas. He became increasingly ill on this Friday and Spencer Springs came recommended. The staff and doctor worked with both compassion and competence to diagnose our Hunter. Sadly the news was grim and the staff and Dr Keenan helped us through a very difficult time. It was late into the evening when our little boy took his last breaths but we were not rushed they let us take as much time as we needed with him and where so caring. We know that even though they had just met him they cared for him. Since that sad day we have had our other two Italian Greyhounds in to be seen and they have always been highly professional and caring. Even taking our little girl back into the OR following a minor complication. They charged us nothing for the return trip to the OR and gave her extra medications at no cost to us. We thought our vet from Indianapolis could never be matched but Dr Keenan and her staff at Spencer Springs are top notch in our books
5	I use to see Dr Costa, she left and I was considering following her I made an appointment with Dr Bower and honestly I really trust him and he is extremly kind, tells you all your options,  I love the way he is with my Mini Poodle, my dog is afraid of most Vets, he is not at all afraid of Dr Bower. The staff at Spencer springs is the best, I think if you have to been to other places, you will notice right away that it seems to be there Hallmark to have courtesy, freindly and loving staff, they actually care. I am happy I stayed and I happy with Dr Bowers.
5	Been going here since 2004.  The staff along with Dr. Pennel and Dr. Hicks are very helpful and friendly.  We have tried taking our doxie to other animal hospitals and it just wasn't the same.  When we first brought Honey here she was given a shot and later at home she had an allergic reaction.  We called Spencer Springs and it was after hours, so it was routed at that time to Dr. Hicks's phone.  He told us to meet him at Spencer Springs to take a look at Honey.  Dr. Hicks arrived in casual attire on his own time to help Honey out.  Thats what I call great customer service and dedication.  Dr. Pennel who basically is Honey's primary Dr.  has taken care of Honey is so many ways.I highly recommend this place.
5	We have been using Spencer-Springs for at least twelve years. Dr. Jim Hicks is a good man who built a fine practice by treating animals and people with great respect and empathy. Our two German Shepherd Dogs have their own wants when it comes to Vets. Our "Big" Guy doesn't want to go to begin with but, he likes Dr. Jon Panell. Dr. Bower has been stuck with Mr. Spirit since we began there. Now that Dr. Panell has gone away lucky Dr. Bower gets both. I found all the folks there to be competent and friendly. My K-9 Partner who retired with me was a patient of Dr. Bower's. He kept him healthy and worked hard when the brain tumor cropped up. I think the Mr. Bear lived a pain free life longer than he would have at any other Vet Clinic. Mr. Spirit needed extensive surgery on his back leg to remove a birth defect that was keeping him from walking. DR Bower treated him like family. Spirit runs like the wind since and that is at least seven years ago. Bruno is older and has slowed down a lot. Dr. Parnell and Dr Bower are keeping him well, happy, and pain free for a senior citizen.I doubt I will ever trust my canine family members to anyone else. Everyone, Doc's and Staff alike are the very best you can find here in the Las Vegas Valley.A final word. Be a good human and keep you canine or feline Pals on a leash or in a kennel. Many pets don't like each other or are just plain afraid. Why risk a problem and upset everyone's day.
5	We stumbled across this vet office after we moved into the area and it we thought it was just convenient for our boys' shots.  Four years later we are still going to Spencer Springs on a regular basis for yearly shots or any other concern we have for our two large dogs.Like other reviewers have stated, the staff is very friendly and prompt.  There are six vets that use the facility, and we have utilized almost all of them on different occasions.  Each doctor is excellent, gentle, and very caring.  Dr. Bower is exceptionally great and my personal favorite; he does not talk down to you, is very personable, and treats each of this animal patients as if they were his own.  The staff is not pushy and do not suggest follow up visits in order to bring in more revenue.  They all really do care for their clients.  On many occasions the vet techs have taken time to chat with me and play with the pups while waiting for the doctor!Even if it's across town for you, the drive is worth the care your pet will receive at Spencer Springs.  I wouldn't go anywhere else, personally.
4	I took my St Bernard here to get fixed they charge a really good rate compared to other vet offices. I recommend using them to get your dog spayed or neutered.
5	3-2013 updateDr. Gaunter saved my dog. He was extremely ill and I don't think she thought he would make it. She took great care of him and is his back to himself!  The cost to keep him for five days was extremely reasonable. I don't understand the reviews that the doctors and staff act like they don't love the animals. I've been going here for at least 18 years and have never saw that attitude. They have always showed care and concern. I've recommended at least 7 other people to them and they all feel the same way as I do.  Couldn't go to any place better.
5	I'm so impressed. After the catastrophe of my late pup's last vet visit, I was extra careful when I adopted a sweet girl and needed to get her a vet checkup. We brought Lucy in for her post adoption checkup and a diagnosis on some sniffles and sneezes, and walked into Spencer Springs without an appointment. We had to wait a while, but we waltzed in instead of being good citizens with an appointment, so it's to be expected! I also respect any establishment that takes their appointments first and leaves the walk-ins for last, even if it means I'm the last. There's nothing worse than waiting an hour after your appointment time in a doctors or vets office, but that's neither here nor there.The girls were all very, very sweet to us and very patient with our scared little girl! By the time we left, Lucy assumed she was queen of that castle! Our exam was complimentary since Lucy was adopted 2 days ago, so our bill only came to 10.00 for some antibiotics. We'll be back in a few weeks for her booster shots, and she'll be back for every other vet need she has! Thanks, ladies!
5	At the risk of sharing the ABSOLUTELY BEST animal hospital and causing me to have to schedule longer waits because they are so popular, I would like to recommend this animal hospital - why?1. The staff is amazing, friendly and helpful2.  They are not overpriced - in fact completely reasonable3.  You can tell that the doctors love the animals and are here to help, not to charge ridiculous prices!I would also like to recommend them for dental issues with your pet.I took my dog to a different vet because he broke off a tooth and his face was swollen.  They wanted to charge me $800 - $1200 to remove it and seemed nervous about doing the surgery.I came here for a second opinion because of the great reviews on Yelp and they are a fraction of the cost, also clean the teeth during the process and are very comfortable with dental procedures.I can't recommend them enough!
1	Wow. I am stunned at all the amazing good reviews. Obviously the writers have healthy pets and are used to Las Vegas style care. You know, come on in and gamble. Thank God I live out of State where pets and their humans are respected when providing care. My poor mother and her beloved pet were not so fortunate. When you take a beloved pet in to be checked out, what vet decides to inject pain medications (without asking the owner and telling the owner you are "taking her back to test her blood sugar") when the pet has a history of severe liver issues and is known to not tolerate even Benadryl?  Despite a heroic effort of an emergency center to flush the overdose and stabilize her, it did not work and the pet is gone.  Yes, this pet was a regular patient at Spencer Springs, whose records were at this hospital. Humans do error, but a humble apology or even "I am sorry" would have gone a very long way. Unless a pet is in for emergency "do whatever it takes" care, it should be illegal for any professional to start injecting without permission of the owner of the pet.  Heartbroken in California.
4	Ive been a client here for a few years now and my four stars definitely were earned from the doctors and back office staff and not the front desk workers with exception to Robin, Brooke and Kealy at the front desk. Front desk staff is just a bunch of young girls that don't seem to have any real love for animals-- that's all I have to say for them.Regarding the doctors , AMAZING. I have had a couple pet emergencies with my Pekingese and the doctors have always gone above and beyond to assist with my pet insurance claim forms and never making me feel rushed( like the front desk staff does) I had to board my babies for the thanksgiving holiday this year '(2012) and was very nervous until I met Kristin the head person in the boarding department.  Upon meeting her I had absolute peace of mind in leaving my babies for 6 days. The kennel was a  decent size coupled with the amount of times I was told they would be taken out to play and potty. I was very concerned to have the dogs so close to a busy street but when you see their fenced in yard you will, have no worries as it is completely enclosed. I'm crazy about my dogs and comfortable to recommend this facility to other people.
4	We took our Dolce here today, for the second time to get her vaccination.  The office staff are very friendly and you can tell that they love furry friends.  Our Dolce was so excited that she peed on the floor, not once, but twice.  The office staff said no problem, that's her job so she did not complain whatsoever when she sanitized and cleaned the floors.  Dr. Larson is great.  She performed a thorough checkup on Dolce, and explained the different vaccines to us prior to giving it to Dolce.  She answered all the questions we have as well.  She is competent and professional. Additionally, Spencer Springs Animal Hospital sends us a reminder postcard for all of Dolce's upcoming appointments and vaccines that Dolce needs to get.  That is always helpful.
1	I went to this vet for almost 2 years and can't remember any of their names...isn't that strange?  I started going here because another co-worker took her dog here.  One of the first visits was because my cat was peeing on things.  The vet said, "well, it's a male cat, they are pains in the ass."  I should've known right then and there this was the wrong place.  Well, my cats don't get sick very often so I just kept bringing them there for annual check-ups and shots. When my cat Floyd started getting sick, we started visiting more and more.  The 2 different vets recommended all sorts of tests, which all came back normal.  The last time I went, the lady vet who I had never seen before recommended another test, which we did.  At this point, it had been 2 months and I was at my wits end.  I ended up taking Floyd to another vet along with his test results.  The new vet immediately saw abnormalities in the results and it turned out that he had stomach cancer.The worst part is that the vet at my old place didn't even call to discuss the last lab results with me.  I had to call and get the results sent to the new vet.  then a week after I put Floyd down, Spencer Springs called to ask i I wanted to discuss the lab results.  I coudn't believe it.Hands down worst customer service.  They are not personable and it seemed that they couldn't care less about my pets.
1	I am giving them 1 star because I do not have the option of giving less.  We began taking our Rottweiler here about a year ago when we first rescued her.  We got the usual checkup and shots.  The office staff, vet techs and the vet we saw that day (believe it was Dr Larson) were all great.  We thought we found our vet for life. Our dog has been sick so I took her in for an appointment.  The vet tech came in (a really nice girl) and did the primary consultation including taking her temperature.  I informed the vet tech that my dog does not like men (think it has something to do with her life pre-rescue) and that she never has a problem with women.  The vet tech said we were scheduled to see Dr Bower but would check to see if the female Dr on staff was available.  A couple minutes later Dr Bower came in and I once again brought up my dogs lack of trust with men.  He said it would be no problem, "I know how to handle dogs".  Yeah what do I know, it's only my dog.  Of course my dog went nuts barking and growling but why wouldn't she?  She is scared of men, is sick and in an uncomfortable place.  Dr Bower said she was just being protective of her owner, (um, no!) and she would be fine once she got in a back room away from me.  Yeah, that's not going to be good.  He put a rope around her neck and literally drug her out of the room.  A few minutes later he and another person came back into the room dragging my dog and telling me I need to put a muzzle on her because she is aggressive and a bad dog.  This is the same dog that was nose to nose with the vet tech licking her as she shoved a thermometer up her butt.  After they finally took my dog away from me to the exam room, she was returned to me by the vet tech from before except at this point my dogs tail was wagging and she was playing with the tech.  Dr Bower came back in the room moments later and my dogs temperament changed immediately.  She was very guarded and growled.  I asked what he found and he said she seemed fine and gave me some pills for something that really had nothing to do with the main problem.  I'm no doctor but if my dog refuses to eat, what good are pills to be taken orally?  I asked Dr Bower what I needed to do and he said "get that dog into obedience training because she is out of control".  Really?  Ever think it is you a-hole?  She was fine with the vet tech, office staff, the other Doctors we have seen before, including Dr Hicks but you're right, it has to be her fault.  The little man was cocky and arrogant and has a huge Napoleon complex.  My wife has dealt with him in the past and made the same observations.  She's taller then him to so not surprising.  Because of Dr Bower, I would never go back to Spencer Springs.  Just seeing him makes my skin crawl.  Oh and by the way, he did nothing to help my dog so we are going to another clinic tomorrow.
5	I came here because I needed a second opinion on something with my dog and a friend recommended them.  She fosters for Golden Retriever Rescue and this is where they have her take the fosters.My dog suddenly had a weird lump on her back and I was really worried it was a tumor.  After going to my primary vet who charged me top dollar for virtually no service, I needed to find someone who made me feel better about what was going on.  The vet came in and got down on the floor with her and gave her a complete once over and said she believed it was just fatty tissue.  She went in the back and withdrew some of the cells into a syringe and brought it back into the exam room, showed it to me and explained why she didn't feel there was a concern - she was certain it was just fatty tissue - but she would do a biopsy if I requested it.  I didn't feel the need based on her explanation but asked that she explain what I should look for as far as other signs of concern.  She explained everything and we are now 1yr+ from that meeting and my dog is just fine.I have a special needs dog who can be aggressive when scared and despises other dogs so vet visits are a nightmare for me.  They are really good about making sure she doesn't come into contact with other animals while they have her in the backroom (I can hear them over the intercom broadcasting her whereabouts so no one else accidentally crosses her path with one of your pets).  I really appreciate that - there's not much I can do about her aggression and I'd be horrified if she hurt someone elses pet while there.I also had them remove a small tumor on her eyelid and everything went well.  My little nutbag was home the same day and seemed just fine.  I also had to bring her in after finding blood all over my back slider because I thought maybe she had damaged a tooth.  They gave her teeth a once over, declared all was well, and charged me next to nothing for the visit (also got me in quickly).I have no complaints about the reception staff, the techs, or the docs.  Everyone I've come into contact with has been pleasant and professional.
5	I have taken 3 of my cats here and have gotten pretty good service. The girls at the front desk for check in are friendly. We have one cat Pumpkin that has periodontal disease and most of his teeth have been removed. During this process the doctor called us and kept us up to date and even got a call the next day to check on him. Impressive
4	I have been bringing my cats here for eight years and my dog for one. Everyone is friendly and very accomodating. I never feel rushed and feel that the doctors and staff take the time to thoughtfully answer my questions and concerns. My friend priced a bunch of vets when she first found her dog and told me that this vet was the most affordable. Go figure? I've been coming here for years.
1	I have been bringing my dogs here for several years, even used them for boarding.  Not anymore for anything now until they get rid of the trash....Who ever was the doctor working Wednesday late afternoon is NOT committed to their profession and is a disgrace to the profession.I had a dog that needed to be seen as an emergency.  I called the office at 5:00pm, the girl said they closed at 6:00pm and they were very busy.  I explained the situation and she said they were really busy but would go ask the doctor.She came back and said the doctor said no, he was not willing to fit my dog in.  She explained that he was the only closing doctor and did not want to see my dog.  She said she was sorry.When I told her how disappointed I was and what a disgrace this trained vet was who is refusing to honor his profession and be responsible to his oath as a doctor, she was compassionate, said she was sorry, she cannot force the doctor to do something he does not want to do.The doctor told her to tell me to take my dog across town to the emergency pet hospital.  What an ass!!!I will drive anywhere in town to take my other dogs to a vet who is committed to the oath of being a doctor and caring more about animals then a paycheck, because this looser is there for a job and a paycheck.He would make a great MD without any additional training, he already does not care about his patients.  This place has no right calling themselves a hospital...
3	This is more of a 3.5 star review. We have been coming here for about ten years now; first with our German Shepherd and now with my maltipoo as well. My experience coming here with Geoffrey (the maltipoo) has been a lot more positive than coming here with Paris (the german shepherd). The front office staff is always very friendly and the vet assistants/techs are generally great too. Dr. Hicks is the owner and we only saw him once with Paris. It was a random check up and he seemed thorough and nice. I can't really comment on him or his abilities more than that. We then started seeing Dr. Bowers and he was the one who did the testing and informed us that Paris had severe hip dysplasia (she was a little less than two at the time). Her prognosis was not good, and with the severity level she would be lucky to make it to five years old. We were extremely distraught and inquired what our options were as far as preventative measures we could take. The only option he put on the table was a very expensive and intrusive surgery. He was not empathetic in the least. We decided to take the matters into our own hands and put her on a strict diet of homemade meals twice a day, noni juice, and managed her weight to ensure she does not pack on the pounds and add stress to her hip. She is going on 9 years old in December, and is yet to display and signs of hip dysplasia (thankfully). She still runs around, plays, and torments Geoffrey. So based on my experience with taking Paris here I'd say it was a two star place at best. It was a chop shop mentality.I adopted Geoffrey the maltipoo little over two years ago. He had major stomach issues and it took a while to get him adjusted to the new food and new environment. The vet Geoffrey was seeing was a lady who seems to no longer be there. She was patient, friendly, knowledgeable and thorough. We did a series of test to rule out parasites and parvo. Eventually, Geoffrey's stomach issues got under control. His latest visit was for his check up and shots. He saw Dr. Larsen who was another female vet and seemed even better than the previous vet. She suggested some preventative measures for Geoffrey's teeth that were an issue when I adopted him, instead of jumping right into suggesting a cleaning and putting him under. I am not a fan of putting my small dog under anesthesia unless absolutely necessary. Overall, the highlights are the front office staff, and the latest series of the female vets. Dr. Hicks is a fine vet as well, but he is usually booked solid. I am not a fan of Dr. Bowers at all and will avoid him at all costs.
4	The rescue I foster for uses this vet so I visit here regularly.  I've been there for everything from vaccinations and microchips to leg amputations.  I have nothing but good things to say about this animal hospital.  The office staff is very friendly and helpful. They always get me an appt fast and I have never had any problems.   The doctors have all been very pleasant and happily answered any questions I have had.  I would recommend them to anyone in the area looking for a vet.
4	I started using this office after a pretty negative experience at another office. I needed to get my dog spayed but was nervous about it due to a heart murmur. The staff was great about listening to my concerns, scheduled an appointment to meet with the Dr before scheduling her surgery. I met with Dr Bower, he had no concerns about doing her surgery as she had been cleared by a cardiologist. Dropped her off the next morning, she was done later that day. They found that she had a skin infection, so she came home with antibiotics and she had real, heavy duty looking stitches rather than dissolving stitches or glue, which may be normal for this office. I was concerned that she may end up with a pretty bad scar because the stitches seemed so much larger and the skin seemed to be puckered a lot, but she has healed wonderfully. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, I have nothing negative to say about her Dr, he eased my fears before her procedure. My one and only negative would be that their parking lot is less than stellar, but that I can handle!
1	I was here for nearly 2 hours just so my cat could be vaccinated, which took 2 min! They did not appear to be busy or short staffed while I was there. I probably would have been waiting longer if I did not leave the room to remind them I was waiting. I only came here because I adopted a cat and was instructed to bring him here for his neuter and vaccinations. I was not impressed after my first visit and will not be returning after this second visit. No other redeeming qualities so I would not recommend this place to anyone.
5	I've been to 3 other vets in LV before coming here. The first told me 1) that corn is nutritious for dogs as it is for humans, and 2) that my dogs ears are floppy so it's normal for them to be super dirty, even after cleaning them daily. The 2nd vet helped with a bee sting (one of my Vizslas is allergic) and told me that he had a crazy bad ear infection (which she then treated....augh I'm still mad 6 years later at the first vet that said it was normal....by the way his name was Dr. Fisher).  The 3rd vet charged me $600 to remove one puppy wart (I don't remember her name, but she's on Maryland in the Silverado Ranch area). So, when I was referred to Dr. Bower, I was skeptical. I was referred to him by a fellow vizsla mom. I cannot believe how much I love this vet!  Removing the one puppy wart sparked a hundred puppy warts to form. I told Dr. Bower about the one puppy wart experience and he took care if it was it was 1/5 the price.  I've been going to him ever since. I live in Mountain's Edge, so it's not super close, but I figure between my2 vizslas driving across town twice a year is worth it when you trust the vet and his diagnoses.
4	I've been taking my pets to Spencer Springs since 2000. The practice has grown over the years and they've gotten busier, but always are able to accommodate my schedule to get my pets in when they need routine care or need to be seen for something out of the ordinary. As a multi pet household - 2 dogs and 4 cats - as you can imagine we're here a lot throughout the year. Over the years, we've seen lots of the vets and all have been very good. They listen and treat my cats and dogs like they were their own, without being pushy about treatment. They lay the options out and explain what each entails (pros/cons). I've never been made to feel like a bad pet parent if I don't choose the expensive option. I just try to pick what's best for my animals. I referred my mom to SS when her cat became ill. Turned out poor thing had mammary tumors (cancer). They were able to do surgery to remove a mass of tumors and cysts from kitty. We knew going in it wasn't a cure, but have her a better quality of life and an extra year and a half. They were never quick to say just put her down or push spendy treatments (like her previous vet who was pushing chemotherapy to the tune of almost $10K on a 14 year old cat). In the end when it was time for kitty to go (more bad days then good) at age 16(!), there was a high level of compassion from her vet (Dr Keenan). My mother and I were allowed as much time as needed prior to the injection to put her to sleep and given as much time as needed after. There was no rush to get us out as soon as possible. Best possible care for a terminal cat. They are a bit more expensive than some vets here in town, but the level of care here is wonderful. So much so, that when we moved further away I still drive halfway across town to bring my pets to SS even though I have vet options closer to home. Sometimes there is a wait even when you have an appointment, like when you or I go to the doctor. Pets in medical crisis (emergencies) will always been seen as a priority and you'll get bumped down and have to wait. They have posted signage that states order of being seen 1) emergencies 2) scheduled appointments 3) walk ins seen last when a spot opens up. Walk-ins can have a very long wait to be seen. You're best off to make an appointment. I'd give 5-stars, the only reason for 4 (no option for 4.5) is the wait times can be a bit longer than I'd like. It's understandable, but nobody likes waiting :)
5	I was so happy to discover my vet, Dr. Susie Costas, is still practicing and is now at Spencer Springs Animal Hospital.  I was also thrilled that SS always sees emergencies first - I can understand it's inconvenient when you have an appointment to have to wait longer than you expected. but when you have an animal emergency, as I did today, this policy is one you can truly appreciate.  They do post the policy in all the waiting areas and it's rather nice that the same policy by which people are treated is extended to our pets.  Dr. Costas is a wonderful vet - my dogs love her, especially the one who's afraid of men, and I was thrilled to find out that she's practicing in another location.I've only been here once, and the office staff seemed very professional and friendly, so I was surprised to read some of the other reviews.    But the bottom line is that I have confidence in Dr. Costas and she's the first, and only vet, my one very shy dog went to immediately and without fear.
5	Spencer Springs animal hospital is the best veterinary place I have ever been. I went to blue diamond animal hospital after going to spencers springs for so many years because it was so close to my house. I was so disappointed at Blue diamond animal hospital. So I immediately went back to Spencer Springs. The staff is so kind and understanding and helps in anyway they can. I called this morning because my dog was limping and they got me in the same day.I have been seeing Chad Bauer and Dr. Hicks for seven years. They are both excellent veterinarians. They make me feel very comfortable. And they explain everything to me. I recommend Dr. Chad Bauer and Dr. Hicks to everyone for their animals. Thank you so much Dr Bower and thank you so much Dr. Hicks for treating my dogs as if they were your own.
