4	Last night I tried Bawarchi, a little hole -in- the wall, fairly new place on Bell Road.  The place is clean and attractive and has a reasonably priced menu.  We saw that most of the clientele was ethnic so it reasoned that the food would be good.  We started out with two meat samosas made with ground lamb (3.99.)  Not greasy and full of meat flavored beautifully with fragrant spices. Enjoyed it very much. They were accompanied by coriander chutney and a tamarind/spicy mixture. Don't know what that was.  We also had Chicken Vindaloo (6.99), Chicken Biryani, Lamb chops and naan.  The Chicken biryani was accompanied by lentils and yogurt. The yogurt was amazing as were the lentils whose flavor profile included coconut.  The lamp chops serving was ample but the lamb was chopped into pieces.  My eating partner said they tasted good.  The vindaloo was very good although not as spicy as I had asked them to make it. Restaurants are afraid to add too much spice until they get to know you.  Everything was great until I decided to order the Kheer (1.00) for dessert.  I like my Kheer with raisins and I asked if it had raisins to which they answered yes.  No raisins in the Kheer but I found it to be very strange (at least for me), I have never ever had Kheer with noodles in it. Meaning, Kheer which is a rice pudding is usually made with basmati rice. Well this one had noodles as well and I I did not enjoy it.  Since it costs only $1, I did not make a fuss. If I had paid over $3, I would have returned it to them.  When I got up to pay for the Kheer (because we had already paid our bill), the owner did not want to charge me for the Kheer. (Maybe he read my mind or my stomach) . I resisted the temptation (not to pay) and insisted the owner take his money.  (I DO want them to stay in business!)   It is a family run business and it shows.  I don't have a problem eating off of paper plates with plastic utensils, if this bothers you, this is not the place for you. By the time we left at 8:30PM, the restaurant was almost full of patrons. Obviously, the word has gotten out that there is good food to be had here. Seeing all the indian families eating there is further proof that the food must be seasoned and prepared authentically.  I thought so.  We really, really enjoyed our meal Bawarchi minus the Kheer.
5	Great food.  I was in from out of town and I've recently become a vegetarian.  They had a great selection of Indian food for me and my carnivore friend to chose from. I highly recommend this place and will come here again the next time I'm in Phoenix
5	Excellent chicken Dum biryani.  Andra chicken curry which was also very good.Highly recommended.
4	So happy to see another Indian place pop up by my house!Bawarchi is a no-frills, very casual, authentic little Indian restaurant. Menu is small but covers most of the basics.We had naan, aloo gobi, palak paneer, and my hubs had a chicken curry. The aloo gobi was not my favorite. I feel it was mostly onions with very little cauliflower and potatoes. It wasn't bad... but I have had better at most other Indian restaurants. The naan was very good. So was the palak paneer- very yummy. Creamy, spicy, perfect. My husband really liked his chicken dish. I like that the entrees came with a very generous serving of rice. Some Indian places either make you pay extra for rice or only give you a little bit.I am disappointed that they recently raised their prices on everything. The picture of the menu you see on Yelp is not accurate. In fact the menu they gave us with our order had the prices crossed out and the raised prices written in. Classy. But the prices are still excellent and a MUCH better value than other local Indian restaurants. We will be back. Again and again and again....
4	I waited for atleast 2 visits and 4 dishes before i wrote this review. I believe we have a winner. Go to this place for the food and food alone. This is not a place for dining out, neither the location nor the ambience inside point to that. It is great for take out ( they serve pretty quickly so not much of a wait)  Prices are reasonable, the staff is friendly and the food is tasty. I have had the daal, aloo gobhi, andhra chicken and gosht biryani. All good. I will be back to sample the rest.
5	The best place for Chicken Dum biryani. Other non-veg dishes are good. Menu is small but covers most of the basic dishes. Very cheap also. Highly recommended
4	Great place to pick up quick Indian food in the North Valley!  My wife and I stopped by here last night after reading the other good reviews on yelp, seeing the great prices on the menu, and feeling like watching a movie at home with good food. We ordered Chana Masal, Aaloo Gobi, and Vegatable Biryani. All three had excellent flavor and spices.  The spice level is pretty high, which is fine by us but if you are not into heat you may want ask if they can tone it down. The Biryani came in a bag, which was new to me but I wonder if that might be typical of take away curry in India and Europe.  Although I've never been to India, this food seemed more authentic than other restaurant in the valley. Keeping that in mind, you may want to watch for spice pods, curry leaves and whole chillies in the dishes, as the food is less processed than you may be use to.  It is good to have this new place for Indian, which offers great veggie options and meat options as well. Great prices with quick and friendly service!
2	May be a bad day to get Chicken Tikka Kebab,Chicken kebabs looked like they have been sleeping for days in the freezer and then got a chance to get into the plate what they call Kebab.Heard the biriyani is good there ...but I think I am not in a mood to try my luck again...
2	no frills ricey indian. meh. great spot for that sweet mango yogurt drink. wishing they were still in tempe; magic lost since the move up here.#stingy on the meat. if they run out, they'll give you extra rice. WHAT?!#i'm not an expert on indian, but that rice is soggy for my taste.my indian friends say it must cook for hours to absorb the flavor, but they also say it should not be mushy like that.--but that mango yogurt drink is a mean, sweet, beautiful thing. go for it.#wishing that when you ask for a 20 on the 1-5 spiciness scale, that they'd give it a bit more effort.
5	We found this place back in early May, posted a picture & some business information on yelp and look how quickly this took off! This place isn't gourmet, but it definitely hits the spot! Thanks for opening a really good Indian place in the neighborhood.
4	The Tikka Masala and Makhani are kind of runny compared to Tandoori Times,not as thick,but the owner is kind, good customer service.My fav is the mango lasse.Chicken Tikka Masala and Chicken Makhani are my favs.I always call in my orders beforehand.Convinient to go place.But always remember to check our food before you take it home!
4	More like a fast food concept. Food is made to order, like dosas, samosas, etc. Big fan of their veg and non veg biryanis. True Andhra style. Was disappointed with their medhu vada. I have had tastier vadas at other restaurants serving South India vegan food. Small restaurant floor. I guess that helps in faster service.
5	I've been to most places in phoenix, and this the only place in town where u get real Biriyani,(in the name of Biriyani many cook masala rice) i would definitely recommend them for any Mughal cuisine.
1	I normally do not review, and having worked in food service before, I do my best to give the benefit of my doubt to the restaurant. But my experience taking out food involved chicken bones where there wasn't supposed to be any and inedibley salted dishes. The only things we could eat we're the mango lassi and plain rice. Avoid going.
2	Dirty, dirty, dirty.  I can't understand why people tolerate this sort of messy place.  Some food items were rather good - Dosa in particular, but the majority of the ones we had were extremely oily compared to other places for the same dishes & apps.  Their prices really aren't much cheaper than full service places either, and it's hard to see why it is worth the savings.
1	FILTHY DIRTY SHAME!This place won't make it on good food only. This is the filthiest restaurant I've seen in many years. I've been three times, and the filth is no fluke, it's a standard here. Trash is overflowing, food served on filthy food trays, dried food and crumbs on tables that only need to be wiped. Filthy, dried food remains in a tub above the trash that also overflows. Nothing is ever wiped down, trash on the floor, mold on the fountain nozzles. Last visit, they were out of ICE. OUT OF ICE? All this filth, and the guy that runs the register is rude and is either eating at the register, standing with his hands in his pockets, or sitting at a table where his laptop is a fixed feature. I think if they replaced this guy with someone that will do the job, they could fix a lot of their problems. I've never seen him make an effort other than take an order, which he has trouble getting right as I've noticed people get food they did not order.Their food is terrific, but this place will eventually be shut down by the health department. They've received bad reports in the past and made no effort to improve.It's a real shame, this place could be so great, so easily. We won't be going back.
3	The food here was good! We really loved the naan.We would have given the place 4 stars, but we knocked it down a star because the price is a bit much for a vegetarian meal and counter service. The vegetarian options were around the same price as the meat options. Garbanzo beans and lentils are much cheaper than lamb and beef!
4	Andhra Chicken curry and palak paneer r the best
5	Best place for Dum biryani in Phoenix.In fact best biryani I have even had in this country. Unfortunately other restaurants all have their own versions of biryani and call it as traditional dum biryani.
3	My friends have taken me to good biryani places so for some reason I don't think this was the best biryani. BUT I don't know if what I've had was DUM biryani or not.  Tried the chicken one and it didn't have the flavor I though. Maybe all those times it wasn't truly authentic or from a dif region?  They give you a lot of rice though.  Not a whole lot if chicken but you'll find this under all the rice. Had the chicken tikka masala too and liked the flavor of the sauce. Ordered two mango lassis. The first one came out about 5 minutes after we got our food (not before). The second one came out about 5 minutes after that one.  The guy told me the lady was making them in the back.  It was a bit strange on the timing but tells me that there was literally one person in the back doing the main cooking.  Cleanliness: I am by no means a germ-a-phobe and rarely bothered by how a place looks but there was something about this place that didnt sit right with me.  Not sure what but I noticed it. I thought the reviews were over reacting but for once there is some legitimacy. Thankfully I just let it pass.  I will warn you though that the owner or guy at the counter is not so willing to give up his to-go containers. I asked for a second container to replace the sauce container we had bc it had gotten really dirty. The guy started pointing to the container and muttered something before finally giving it to me. Funny. Despite all this I will be back.  There are some things on the menu that seemed more local to the region that I don't see at other places so would be great to try them.
3	What do you tell a kid who's got two A's and one C in a semester? You can't commend him for his performance nor can you give him grief for performing badly; after all two A's do count, don't they? And this is what I thought when I got down to review the Bawarchi Indian Cuisine. On one hand, this restaurant provides the most authentic Andhra/Hyderabad food I've ever eaten to date in the Phoenix area. On the other hand, there are things like cleanliness, service, quality etc. (you get the point) which matter, and it is here that this place falters and it falters badly. But the food, especially the biryani and Andhra chicken curry or the lamb chops are very good and very true to their taste. I can't comment on vegetarian food but I believe it won't be very off. So if you are looking for some real authentic Andhra/Hyderabad food, then I think you should head to this place, but then for the reasons mentioned above, you shouldn't hesitate to take a carry out.
2	Self Service restaurant. Food is Ok. You can try once.You will not find smile on the Owners Face.No cooler hot like hell.Not Clean to expected standards.Inexpensive food. restaurant is crammed.
4	It's more like a 3.5.Pros: good chicken tikka masala, pretty good naan, yummy samosas, spicy but not too spicy, very reasonably priced and good for takeout, friendly serviceCons: The dal curry had a strange consistency. Echoing some of the earlier comments the restaurant isn't that clean. Also not a germaphobe and have lower expectations for hole-in-the-wall/mom and pop shops, but still seemed like it wasn't clean enough.
3	"My rating is for the food not the place to eat! Get take out! Little or no AC. The chicken and lamb dishes were good but the Bhindi was dry."I will likely go back and pick up take out but I would NOT eat there!
4	Great takeout, love the chicken tikka marsala.  We're fans!
4	I admit it. Biriyani is my weakness. I can fold for a good plate of spicy biriyani any day and Bawarchi serves just that. If you are there for the food, do not be fooled by the mediocre interiors although the setting is a bit homely for someone from south east asia. If you are a meat-lover go for the mutton biriyani or if a vegetarian, Vegan biriyani with lassi will soothe your craving.I cannot vouch for the other items in the menu but I will surely visit the place often for I always walk out with a smile on my face :)
3	Quality is down and I hate to see this happen. Mutton biryani is my favorite and I used to order one every Friday. I noticed lately that the meat content has gone down significantly. Now I have to order two biryanis to get the quantity equivalent to one. This makes it very expensive compared to others. I am on my quest to find a better biryani place.. Their Andhra Chicken Curry is still the best in the Valley.
1	Ordered a Chicken Vindaloo for takeout.  When I got home, it was in a small container which was mostly sauce--maybe 4 slivers of chicken.  It came with rice but I will tell you that I will never do this again.  It wasn't enough to eat even as a lunch.  So disappointed.   I was a fan.
3	I got the chicken tikka masala and the garlic naan bread. Everything was all right. Nothing super fancy. The chicken had clumps of some spice that I couldn't tell you what it was. However, I wasn't pleased with that as it was an overpower explosion of spice in a few bites that I discovered those.. The naan bread was rather rubbery and the garlic tasted sweet. To be honest with you though, it did taste really good and for the price that I paid, I would definitely return.
5	My husband and I are a regular at this place.  It was very good and very spicy. It has several vegetarian and vegan options.
2	Food is/was good and cheap. Everything else like customer service, cleanliness etc is 1/5. Multiple times I them to separate out the potatoes in the Dosa for take out so it doesn't get soggy(they do it 1/2 the time and the other half I get a dirty look if I make them do it. Sometimes they will forget to give the items that come with the order in take out. Since the younger guy showed up the quality and quantity of food(esp. the biryani) has gone down. This is depressing because the food initially was incredible good and price was cheap. With they few changes they could have been THE indian restaurant in the area.
3	In Short :THE BEST Hyderabadi Biryani(s) (Chicken Dum, Sp. Chicken, Goat and Fish) in Phoenix.Don't even bother about the rest of the Menu. :)Details :One of my hot spots to have Biryani during my stay (2012-2013) in Phoenix.Pros :Very Tasty authentic Hyderabad Style Dum Biryani(s).I would also recommend the Spicy Andhra Chicken Curry with Garlic Naan.Cons :It's a poorly Maintained spot. Zero points to Ambiance.Menu is very limited to a few dishes.The owner is short tempered. Be careful and don't poke him. Lol.Packing is poor, many times they miss packing the sides. Pay, wait and eat.3 starts coz a Restaurant cannot be rated 5 Start just on one Menu Item. :D
4	If you are looking to dine in with some elegance this is not the place.  If you want to feast on possibly the best Indian food in the valley you have found the place!  Channa masala was delicious, garlic naan is fantastic and the chicken tikka masala is great too!  You cannot go wrong with this place but be prepared for a plan B as this place will sometimes randomly be closed.  Try to call ahead if you can.
5	It's usually a good indicator if everyone behind the counter making your food is wearing a sari.  This is a very good, authentic indian food place.  I also like that it's a walk up counter (so you don't have to tip the waitstaff).   They have tables there but I usually get my order to go during lunch and it's always pretty fast.  I like the Dal with garlic nan or butter chicken.  It's nose running spicy but it fills me up and warms my soul..aaaaah.
1	We arrived 4:30 PM (the door was opened with a chair) and the owner was laying on the chairs with his feet up on the table, in the dining room, on the phone and told us they're closed until 5 PM. I can't say anything about their food but I can say their service is atrocious. Good luck to those who come here in the future, I hope they clean the tables for their guests sake.
3	The food is mostly pretty good. Not a place to dine in. Small stuffy and hot, with the hot oil & burners in close vicinity to the seats. The biryani & chicken curry are good. Paneer mattar (ie., cheese with peas) is a waste, you get 3 pieces of paneer floating in curry or 4 if you're lucky. Being in Scottsdale, decent Indian food is hard to come by. So this little hole in the wall stands out! It is on the spicy side, which is great if you like that. The big plus is... they recently opened an Indian grocery store next door. They have a good variety of spices, daals etc.
5	Best Biryani Chicken Dum that I ever had in AZ. The taste is authentic. Garlic Naan and Chicken Makhani are good too. Anyway, I highly recommend chicken dum Biryani. If you really want to try the authentic Indian food, this is the place! Price is reasonable too!
5	I can only comment on the non-meat portions of the menu, but everything is very good and spicing levels are seemingly authentic. Everything is quite creamy/buttery when ordered, like dosa, samosa, and the curries, and therefore quite rich. Their masalas, chutnies, sambar, etc. and curry sauces are all quite good. Naan is medium sized. I would recommend methu vada, idli, masala dosa, if you like southern Indian foods, the sambar is very good with it. Navaratna koorma, aaloo palak and some of the best among veg curries. Biryani is good, but I am used to Singaporean/Malaysian Tamil style where they serve on a banana leaf with a bowl of curry sauce, and without this briyani always seems dry to me, though theirs is quite good for this style. Rice pudding is inexpensive, and very good, when available. Counter/cafe style, well spiced recipes for a mostly Indian clientele, quick service, very well priced.
5	finally a great place for curry near me right off the 51! have gone here several times and always impressed. i cant waiver from the chicken tikka masala and garlic naan, but thank god my gf gets the palak paneer so i can get another awesome flavor change. i am yet to see another white person in there when i go so you know its authentic, but very clean and professional. small inside so we normally get it to go and there has never been a mistake made
4	Great food. Inside seems a little crazy when busy but manageable. Will definitely be going back.
2	Some of the dishes are ok, some are below average. Service is just ok. The kitchen looks very unsanitary and the dining room floor was dirty. I will no be going back. There are much better options for Indian food in the area.
3	I go to this place regularly because i love Hyderabadi Dum Biryani but getting a fresh biryani is like winning a lottery.When ever the biryani is fresh its very good and nice flavour and i love it. But mostly on weekdays he will serve you two days old biryani which definitely microwaved food because the rice and meat is all dried up. When you ask the owner about the biryani , he is defensive and says its always fresh .I never tried anything here except biryani and on weekends mostly its fresh and good but on weekdays you must be lucky enough to get fresh biryani.
5	Chicken biryani is awesomely spicy! I lucked out and had a regular give me some tips on what to order. Try any one of the naans as well, you won't be disappointed.
3	Food is good. I usually take chicken dum biryani which is really good.
4	Consistently good flavors, tried many items on the menu and enjoyed all of them. Ambiance is nothing to brag about (hence the loss of a star), great for take-out. Food from here is a staple in our house!
3	I go to this place regularly because i love biriyani.I never tried any other food except biriyani from here and i must say that the quality of biriyani is getting worse day by day.the rice they serves always half cooked .This weekend i had chicken special biriyani where the meats of that was not properly cooked too.and also it is good if you take out your food because the place is totally poor maintained.
2	The food isn't always fresh, but when it is, it is okay. The portions aren't that great. But the worst thing is the customer service. I was getting food to go and asked for a napkin, the woman said "we are out of napkins". I just looked at her in disbelief. She sighed, turned around and went into the back. Returned with a new pack of napkins, opened them in front of my eyes and handed me a couple. Nice.
2	Sigh, I stopped going here because their omission rate was quite high.You're likely missing one thing or another.Whether it be rice, piece of samosa, or a drink,... something was missing on every occasion.make sure you check EVERYTHING before you leave with your to go bag.Most likely, something will be missing.The customer ahead of me was missing parts of his order too.Its sad.The food caries depends on when you go / who makes it.Inconsistency... sometimes the chicken tikka masala and chicken makhani are excellent,other times its sad and runny and bland.Mango lasses are still consistently good.Hit or miss. I stopped disappointing myself and stopped going.
1	I'm normally not one to criticize but had to write because I had THE worst customer service experience EVER!!!!  VERY rude owner and the place was so dirty!!!  Will never go back again and would never recommend anyone to go there period! There are plenty of other good Indian food options in the area.
1	I can't give anything below this rating or I would have give zero rating.We ordered couple of biryani's to go from here and one of the chicken biryani when opened was smelling rotten. I am sure it was a day or 2 days old.When we went back to the store and showed what we got..., we were shocked by the response from the owner.He smelled it and then took a sample of it, got to the kitchen , heated it ...got back to us and asked us to smell it.He thinks by heating the rotten meat it's going to get better....he finally returned our money after arguing a lot ... And then starts to talk as if  he made us a favor and kept shouting at us. Never going to order from here again.
2	Worst worst customer interaction. We order veg biryani and got EGG-Biryani. On same day Around 9:30pm I called them but no one  picked up. Next day I went and returned EGG biryani and got arrogant reply from owner. Very bad customer satisfaction. Me too offered biryani Money As a tip for rude behavior.  Please double check the order before taking parcel.... And hopefully you will not become victim of surprising parcel and rude customer interaction....
4	Been here a few times. The service isn't the best (usually only 1 or 2 employees constantly on the phone or running around), but we've always taken it to go. It's usually about 25-40 mins depending on how busy they are.We've had the chicken tandoori, chicken tikka masala, masala dosa, garlic naan, and others. The naan can be hit or miss; tonight it was rather dry and crispy. The various sauces that come with the dosa are about average.I've never had an issue with missing items in my to go order, but I was double check the bag for any take-out order.I'll continue to go back, as they provide great value for the food/price points. If you don't want to drive to Scottsdale or up to Pinnacle Peak and pay 2x as much, then I recommend this place!
