3	So this was our first visit to Blue Thai Basil, Waitress was very nice, Shelby was her name. We ordered  1 order of Chicken Satay, and the special Basil Rolls. The Satay and Peanut sauce were good.. tender and grilled. The Basil Rolls were like a Rubber Eraser... gummy and thick skinned...On to the Entree's,We ordered the Chef's Specialty Crispy Duck that looked beautiful on the plate...But alas.... Not Crispy..at all...The coconut sauce over the duck and the veggies ( pea pods, carrots, red pepper) was really incredible...We had Chicken Fried Rice ..it was excellent...Service was good...but I don"t think it will top Thai Taste on 51....Nothing surpasses them except the other location of Thai "Taste!!
5	I noticed all of the reviews for this restaurant are dated. They have actually changed their name. It was nothing to do with poor service or food though. I think this is the best Thai food in Charlotte. I recommend anyone that likes Thai to check it out. We always have great service and the food is always excellent. The name is now Thai 1st.  They are open for lunch now too.
5	Love this restaurant!  Best Thai in Charlotte. We go weekly and are never disappointed.  Pad Kaprow and Pad Prik are among my favorites. Wait staff is excellent.
5	This is my favorite Thai place anywhere. I have had Thai food in many big cities, and this place is on top for me.  I love the basil rolls, Tom yum soup, and the pad kaprow and pad prik. Their spice levels vary from mild to double Thai hot.  The service is always great, and the food comes out very quickly. If you like Thai you have to give this place a try.
5	I absolutely love Thai food and have been to the few (and far between) Thai places around Charlotte, but this place was awesome last night! The food was so fresh and delicious, I think I ate the entire monstrous dish of pad Thai in record time (after stuffing my face with their basil rolls). And honestly that's impressive because the portion size could've fed my family of 6. The wine was great, although I was tempted to try some of their martini specials because they sounded amazing! (Thurs is half price martini night) I'll be back soon and I'm bringing my other Thai loving friends!
4	Searched for this restaurant on here.  Never saw the word Blue anywhere at the restaurant but I pulled up the website and this is definitely the restaurant we dined at for lunch Wednesday.  Basil Thai 1st in Blakney Charlotte NC.  The food was very good, coconut/chicken soup for two came in bowl with a flame in the midde to keep it warm. very light but filling and flavorful.  The Tiger springrolls with plum sauce were also good.  Our waitress was just as friendly and helpful as she could be.  Really enjoyed this restaurant and looking forward to our next visit.
4	Tried this place for lunch today since it's so close to my work, and I was really pleased throughout the entire experience! I chose to do take-out since I was short on time between meetings, so I called in and Julia answered with the enthusiasm that I wasn't expecting from a hostess. She took my order, gave me advice on what to order since I'd never been before and said my 2 entrees would be ready in 5-10 minutes ~ this was a definite plus since I'm always looking for something quick!When I arrived, the decor and lighting of this place is really modern with a touch of Thai - since I'm used to Thai House's elaborate wood work, this was a welcome change and somewhere I could see having a dinner date or group there.Julia was ready with my food, and she was so helpful about what else was in the area since I mentioned I never knew they were there until I saw them in the Entertainment Book! Now on the the food....Pad thai - I chose spice level medium and it was PERFECT in terms of spiciness. No burning in my mouth, but enough spice to make me grab some water after a few bites and to me that's perfection. The portion was generous, but there was only 1 shrimp in my order and 3 pieces of chicken, amongst a lot of thin noodles. Pad Karpow - God I hope that's how you spell this dish. Delish! A friend got it with Tofu and spice level medium. Rice on the side, I literally hated myself for not ordering this! A lot of onions, it could have been a bit more varied in the vegetable dept, but other than that this was a 5 star dish.Overall, a great spot with friendly, quick service. Expect to pay $8.95 for a lunch entree, wait only 5-10 minutes and be sure to accurately ask for your spice level!
1	Worst Thai food ever! No lunch specials, no side dishes, no side salads or side soups available to order ($10 for soup? Really?), terrible service, everything was too expensive for what you got, annoying music, and worst of all, their food sucked. Frozen crinkle cut carrots in my curry?! Really? Sauce on our dish tasted fake and from the freezer. The cream cheese stuffed rolls were gross. I'm not too hard to please with any kind of Eastern-style food, but this was atrocious. Don't waste your money.
5	I have eaten here more than 10 times. Everything has been great, super fresh and delicious. In my opinion they have the best thai food in Charlotte. The sauces are amazing. If you like Thai, you must try this place.
5	I really like this place. They hire very good people. I have the same thing every time I go there. I'm crazy about their pad thai. Very generous portions. It's located in the Blakney shopping center. I'm not alone in my dedication to Thai 1st. This place does good biz.
4	Positives: I've never ordered anything here I didn't like. Negatives: Ballantyne pricing. My typical order entails an order of the summer rolls, tom kha gai, and ginger chicken over white rice. Oooh, don't forget to order a Thai Iced Tea!
5	This is my favorite Thai restaurant in CLT. I LOVE the Pad Thai and shrimp rolls. The food is fresh, service is excellent and location 5 minutes from home. What's not to love about it?
3	2 1/2 stars for the food, another one star for the drink specialsPretty good but not great and I don't know how they can justify the priceson some of the items : $23 for a so-so basil duck, $10 for a Tom Yung soup??? Crazy, On the other hand the Nam Sod appetizer ($6.95) is excellent and the Spicy eggplant w/ pork ($14) was very good. Tuesdays and Thursdays they serve serious martinis for half price (4$!!!) other days they have wine specials, Conclusion: if you order judiciously and you can have a fun Martini-Thai dinner, order indiscriminately and you'll spend too much on too little. If we lived nearer by we'd probably go back often ( I'm a sucker for Martini)
5	Excellent food.  High quality.  Soups incredible (and meant for 2x people).  Relaxed atmosphere.  Understand some of the prior concerns regarding cost; yet, prices not out of line.  If you want a Fabo restaurant in SE Charlotte, expect paying a buck more for the setting, location and convenience.  There are some decent cheap, greasy Pud Thai joints.  Love those too.  That's NOT Thai 1st.
2	The first impression I had of Thai 1st is that the prices are notably higher than more favorable Thai cuisine offerings in the Queen City.  That would be acceptable if the prices were justified by a really satisfying dining experience. The entree I ordered, Pad See Ew, reminded me of something I might be able to whip together at home, so its authenticity factor was lacking.  I found the American pop music piping through the sound system somewhat distracting as well.  The service was cheerful but not as attentive as I routinely find at other restaurants.
3	Good for nearby Thai.  Can't compare to Thai Taste (the original one on East is by far the best!). The steamed basil rolls are delicious and the chicken in red curry sauce suffices.The service is good, prices are a bit high.
4	I must say, the first experience I had at Thai 1st was a little under-whelming.  However, over the past couple of months I have had some good experiences there.  Their pad thai was enjoyable especially with a little red pepper chili sauce on the side.  On my last visit, I tried their red curry with brown rice.  It was not the best red curry I have ever eaten, but it was pretty good.  On the last couple of visits, we had really good service.
5	The service is amazing & so is the food!!! I love how they have their own menu for vegetarians and lays out what is suitable for veggie lovers to eat.  My favorite place in Charlotte & I've tried many places!!
4	Beautiful decor, friendly and attentive service, and great food.  Got the yellow curry with tofu.  Ate it ALL!  Would definitely go back!
2	Maybe its my being a North Eastern food snob that has me dissapointed in the Thai 1st bistro, but I have to say I was extremely dissapointed.  A friend in the Tyne advised me to this place and said they heard it was pretty decent so I decided to try them for takeout.  Perhaps one day they had decent food, however I will definitely not be headed back.  I ordered the Pad Kee Mao, also known as Drunken Noodles based on its origin.  The noodles were not the correct style of noodles for the meal, let alone quality.  It was as if they had boughten the cheapest noodles they could find at Harris Teeter.  For 15 dollars I thought I would be in for a great meal, but in the end it was just tasteless.  My search for excellent Thai in the Charlotte area continues, but to anyone who is looking for an honest opinion, for both quality and price point, I would avoid grabbing Thai here, as Pad Kee Mao is an extremely common Thai dish, that should give an indication of a majority of the menu.
1	The food is not bad, but the service and policies stink...In our group of four, one of us asked about the special and whether it was spicy. We were told it had very mildly spicy but once it came, we had one bite and it was way too spicy for our taste. We sent it back and ordered a different dish but when the bill came, our server brought the boxed returned dish and explained that she had only taken 50% off the price of the returned dish and had also added the gratuity. When we expressed our disagreement, she said that was their policy and she couldnt do anything else about it. Eventually we sought out the manager and after speaking with him he refunded the whole amount of the dish and also took away the boxed dish! In a market with many excellent restaurants, it is unlikely that a restaurant with these policies will stay in business long. As far as I am concerned, I am not going back!
3	Stumbled upon this place going to the shopping center.  My husband and I LOVE Thai food and was skeptical we'd get NY quality in Charlotte.  This place was pretty good - we had the coconut chicken soup and it was delish.  The prices are a bit higher than I'm used to paying for, but it was alright.  The service was great and super quick, thus the four stars!  We'd go back if we are in the area.
5	Great hidden jem. Located in a corner of Blakney   This Thai restaurant has a great flavor and knowledgable staff. Make sure you talk to your server about the different spice levels.
1	If I could, I'd give this place 0 stars!  Worst restaurant experience I've had in decades.  They brought out a dish totally different than what I ordered.  OK, not a big deal, but when I tried to tell them and ask for the correct dish, they very rudely insisted that I had actually ordered that dish. I was very certain I didn't because I didn't even look at that dish on the menu.  They were so rude to me about bringing the correct dish, I didn't feel comfortable eating there and just said that I would come back to eat another time.  They said I couldn't leave until a paid for the dish that was wrong, even though I didn't eat a single bite.  I explained to them this didn't make any sense and they said if I called back when the manager was there, they could refund the money, but that they had no choice but to charge me.  I did as they said and called back many times, but all the people involved claimed they couldn't remember anything about it.Poor management, Rude service, HORRIBLE policies... stay far away from this place!
5	awesome
1	I had lunch at this restaurant and ordered their specialty duck dish. The price was hefty so I expected to be at least decent. What I got was a piece of duck that was fried to a crisp. The meat tastes like jerky and hard as a rock. When I complained to the staff, the manager said that this is the way the duck is usually cooked at their restaurant and would not even bother to replace it for me. I had only eaten a bite! Even their staff member did not agree with the managers decision to do nothing. For 23.00 dish it was a waste! Don't bother with this establishment. It does not even deserve a 1 star!
4	My wife and I pulled up reviews on "THAI 1st" in the parking lot of the restaurant. My  wife put the blinker on for the exit to "Crankyville" because she was hungry. I was skeptical because of the bad reviews, but when my  wife is hungry, decisions need to be made quickly. So we jumped!   The waitress we had was an absolute sweetheart, didn't catch her name, but she was of asian descent. We made her aware of my wife being Celiac and she quickly got us a Gluten free menu. We both order the typical PAD THAI, which we love. The food arrived lightning fast (Thank you GOD), and was very tasty. My wife's PAD THAI included large shrimps, which she said was not fishy at all.    The place had a steady flow of customers with heads down and forks in mouths, so I'm not sure of the bad food reviews. Maybe something else on the menu would change disappointed YELPERS minds.
5	I eat at Thai 1st about once a week.  The food is always fresh and delicious.  Service is friendly, and the kitchen is super fast!  I've tried quite a few menu items. I've never had a bad experience.
5	We go here regularly and it's always good. I get different appetizers but I always order the same entree since it's so yummy. All their apps are good. The food is fresh and I never wait long to get my appetizer. I always get pad see ew with chicken for my main course. That is my favorite Thai dish and it has been for years. This place does a great job of making it and I would highly recommend going here for Thai food. I've tasted other dishes people I've eaten with have ordered and everything is always good!
2	Bad sign when they only offer dinner menu on sunday lunch. The server told us that the dinner portion is larger...not true! Ordered chicken noodle soup ($9.95) and garlic chicken with white rice ($13.95). Both are in my opinion WAY over priced. Both dishes uses thinly sliced chicken breast which was blanded, the soup had bean sprouts, green onions, and fried garlic pieces. The garlic dish is just stir fry with some garlic soy with cilantro with some sliced lettuce. As you can see in the pics these 2 dishes don't worth the price respectively. I can get bigger portions for less than that at Pei Wei or at Ghengis Grill. So the verdict is that I won't come back ever again.
5	Food is always fresh and is out to the table quickly! Great if you need to be in and out for lunch. Staff is knowledgeable and very nice. Best Thai in Charlotte! Love the pad prik!! I get it with pork..a lil spicy, very flavorful! Try the Tom kha gai soup!!
5	This is excellent Thai food. Three of us went out to dinner and got different dishes. Pad Thai was the best I've ever tasted. Absolutely perfectly seasoned. Pad Prik was very spicy and tasty. Thai Lovers with a massaman curry was a new dish for me and was unbelievably tasty. My wife spent the entire meal saying "mmm" after each bite. Highly recommended.
5	My son and I moved to Charlotte just over a year ago. I was on a Pad Thai kick right before we moved so when we arrived needless to say I was immediately in search of a new place. My son prefers Chinese dishes, so when I saw that Blue Thai (now Thai 1st) had fried rice and Pad Thai we had to try it. We were not disappointed. The decor is simple and modern with low light and some asian decor. It is a small restaurant, but we never have trouble getting in and the service is fast. Our servers have always been knowledgable and fast. Now to the food!The fried spring rolls are great. I prefer the spring rolls to the egg roll wrappers so that was a major plus for me. They are rolled tight and are vegetarian, which is also a plus. The sauce that it comes with is sweet and spicy and really good. The first time we went I got the Chicken Pad Thai and my son got the Beef Fried Rice. You can add heat to either dish so I got mild and he got medium. The mild was almost perfect, but might be a little too hot for those not used to it.The pad thai had a good amount of meat and vegetables and lots of pad thai flavor. I like mine extra peanut-y so I always get a side of peanut sauce, but it really is good without it. You get a decent portion too, so it could almost be two meals for a light eater.The beef fried rice was so good I started getting that along with my son on future visits. Lots of beef, fried nicely and seasoned!We've also had the chicken skewers and Pad Prik - again both great.Overall a great place and the only down-side is they don't deliver!
1	They charged me dinner menu prices at lunch time, gave me a small lunch portion, wouldn't allow me to talk to the manager, about the portion and mediocre quality of food. Then manager's wife came out and yelled at me in front of the rest of the restaurant and said that she couldn't predict the size of my stomach when cooking.
5	There is a review from the other day from a gentleman who states that he had to pay for dinner portion and received a lunch portion and had asked to speak to a manager ....etc. I believe his name was jay. I was present for that incident. The gentleman had ate his whole meal and then refused to pay for it. The owner did come speak with him and he stated he would tell everyone not to come there as he stood outside. The man was extremely rude and cheap. I am a regular patron and have NEVER been upset about a portion. If anything I bring some home. Dinner portions are all they serve Sundays. I have always been happy with my food at Thai 1st. If you are going to give a review it should be honest.
4	Pretty good Thai food. Recommend the Pad Thai. Good beer selection. I like this place due to the Blakeney location it backs up to the open air park. Good for dinner before listening to music on Friday or Saturday night.
1	Tried it a few times but last time I had the soup , it was stale and made me sick. Waste of money.
4	I'm always around the ballyntyne area, but I never realized there was a thai restaurant in blakeney! My friend told me there was a thai restaurant around the area so we both came here for the first time. My friend and I were craving thai food and It didnt seem too busy for lunch hour so we were seated quickly by a very sweet waitress who was also very attentive. My friend and I both ordered the pad thai. Usually when we go to thai restaurants, I can never taste the spiciness so I decided to get the very spicy option where my friend decided to get a medium spicy one.  As my friend and I were conversing, the food came out surprisingly quick. The pad thai was nonetheless VERY SPICY even for my friend who got the medium spicy option.  I've always considered myself to be able to hold down my spice well but after a few bites of my spicy pad thai, my glasses began to fog up. It was delicious! Inside, the restaurant was darkly lit but just enough light came through the windows for a good atmosphere. The decor was not the typical older asian restuarant as it had a modern twist. As the only thai restaurant where I can actually feel the spice I'm my mouth, I will definitely be coming back for more.
5	Hands down my favorite Thai restaurant in Charlotte. I've been there maybe 4 or 5 times, and every time it's delicious. The helpings are generous, so you get a decent bang for your buck. The presentation is always gorgeous. I am a lover of duck, and although it's pricey, I got it once or twice, and yum! I'm also just a lover of meat, and unlike some places that are stingy, Thai 1st is NOT. You order a dish with meat or nuts, and you'll get meat and nuts. Highly recommended, for a friendly outting or a lovely date.
4	One of the few restaurants in Blakeney Shopping Center that doesn't make me want to hurl myself over a bridge. My wife and I eat here often; the service is generally pretty good and the food is consistently good. It's also one of the only restaurants where I will intentionally stop myself from eating my entire meal so that I may take some home and enjoy it the next day.
4	Pleasantly surprised by this little gem.I was DYING for Thai food the other night, so my friend obliged and we checked his place out, right across the street from his house.It was a Friday night and we got a table right away. They seemed totally understaffed and it took us at least 5 min to even get water and menus. I could tell it wasn't the waitresses fault---she just had WAY too many tables. She was very apologetic. I had the Pad Kaprow which was insanely good. My friend had the shrimp fried rice and he liked it too. Waitress recommended a special sauce with a sriracha base and some Thai chili paste. It was SO good. Fair prices and good local place to check out
4	Just moved here from DC and had a tough time finding a superb Thai restaurant in Charlotte. I must say this place has saved my lifeeee!! I ordered takeout from here and The pan see-eu was so delicious. The broccoli was cooked to perfection. In addition I order my cousin the shrimp fried rice the presentation was beautiful. I'm glad I found this place. Thank you.
2	I was not impressed with the food that they served. The only meal that tasted okay was the Chicken Satay with peanut sauce. No way you can mess this appetizer up.Ordered the Pad Thai which came with Shrimp and Chicken. The Pad Thai was too sweet, do not know why they put tons of sugar. Have eaten in many Thai restaurants in the past and Pad Thai is not suppose to taste like this.The other item that was ordered was the Pad See EU. The flat rice noodles was all curled up at the edges. This definitely not how it is suppose to be cooked. They must have over cooked the noodles. The broccoli was not fresh. Do not know why they made this dish spicy. It did not list this on the menu.The place was not busy at all. Walked in and hostess was busy on the phone.She stuck her finger out so we waited. Finally, waitress sat us down. They quickly want to take your order, bring your food and check if everything okay. Give you bill and send you on merry way.Food is over priced and not authentic Thai. It is american style Thai restaurant. What Thai restaurant has Sushi thrown into the menu. If any yelper, know of any good authentic Thai restaurant in Charlotte. Drop me a line.
