1	This place is outrageous. I have never eaten such bad pizza in my life. The pizza is overpriced per slice at $2.75 for a sliver of pizza. The crust is non existent and the dough is too soft and undercooked. This place reminded me of school lunch pizza I used to get, no wait, this place is worse than school lunch pizza. I will never EVER eat pizza here ever again.
3	Flavor Flaaaaaaaaaav!I was driving by this place on the weekend and couldn't help but notice the huge sign by the road that said, "Flavor Flavs 99c wings." I returned today to give them a try, as well as snap a pic for my photoblog.I've been here once before to try their 99c pizza slices. Those were pretty blah and I had no urge to return until I saw the sign. So this review is for the new Flavor Flav chicken wings. As I drove back to the office, the wings had an extremely oily smell and I was expecting a mediocre experience. Fortunately, they were surprisingly tasty, if a little salty. Probably not worth 99c a piece, but decent nonetheless.I was talking to Nell behind the counter. The Flavor Flav thing is a new endeavor. For now, they just have the basic fried wings that are breaded with some pepper. They will soon expand with a few more flavors, like lemon pepper (called Lemon Time because of Flav's clock shtick) and a sweet wing (called Love or something because of the whole Flavor of Love thing).I gave them my number and e-mail. She wants to contact me once they launch the new flavors so that they can get an opinion on how they taste. Honestly, I'm not sold on the wings at that price, but I'm down to try the new flavors when they come out.
1	Came in here to try Flava Flav's wings.  It seems that Flava Flav makes some spices from home and brings a batch into the restaurant from time to time.  It's sort of confusing that they are called wings, because it is fried chicken without any sort of sauce.  They'll give you some franks red hot on the side though.  nothing special about this chicken at all really.  and for 99 cents per wing its pretty expensiveI ordered the wings and also ordered a meatball sandwich.  The meatball sandwich came on a HOT DOG BUN!!!! WTF.  Everyone at my table started laughing when they saw the hot dog bun.  Oh, and they charged me over 6 dollars for my hot dog bun sandwich.I'm never going back to this place.
4	we went there to try Flavor Flavs wings , also got some pizza . they sell it by the slice ! love that !the pizza was good fair price foe a slice , will return to get the pizza again it was tasty . they have a selection of drinks . waiting area / dining room was small but looked very nice. was clean and well kept. the people behind the counter said Flav bring the rub for wings there himself ,so poss of seeing him there is good. got a lot of wings and the take home container was a pizza box . after long ride home smelling wings got a chance to try them . they were great !! they come plain and you get sauce on the side for dipping . all in all this is a nice place to get good food , I will return. as we were leaving a metro police car pulled up and asked if Flav was in there , told them he was not . they wanted to see him and try his wings .
5	Hi as of February 24 ,2011this Mama Ciminos has a new owner there recipes and food has changed for the better.:) My favorite is the Meat Lover pizza.....yummm
4	I almost forgot this was the place that had those flavor flav wings lol. so when I came in and ordered my calzone for around $7 i was expecting something way below standard. come on they had flavor flavs wings he's one funky character and a cheesy sign for 99 cent wings i wrote them off before trying them. It's probably been a while since they had that sign and the experiment with flavor flavs wings so I gave them a shot. Located in the same center as Bachi Burger but way on the other side. Its a pretty small, clean pizzeria, holds about 10 people maybe more, with a flat screen and some happy pics of who is probably Mama Cimino on one wall and a mural on another wall. My sausage calzone was larger then any other I've had a nice size and hot right out of the oven. Enough for tomorrow's lunch or tonight's snack. Came with some marinara sauce on the side, which was a little watery so just mixed in some parmesan and it was fine for me, some made from scratch ranch dressing not the processed stuff. I would have taken a pic but I was starving and already ate some of it. Order in advance because it took at least 20 mins. They make Chicago style deep dish pizza, which is my favorite type of pizza so I'll probably come back for that, and the NY style pizza, their largest was huge I forget the measurements but it was only around $17. they have a good menu, calzones, strombolis, sandwiches, pizzas, wings, and at some decent prices. i think they also have some 5 and 10 foot long sandwiches. get back to you on that. Some of their by slice pizzas during lunch were old and dried up. so hopefully you catch it when it's fresh and right out of the oven.If you like them on facebook you get 15% off.
5	I don't know about the experiences of others, but mine was exceptional. My boss treated us to pizza and he picked up 2 of the Hurricanes, which are gi-normous, by the way. One was just sausage and the other had  canadian bacon, jalapenos and green peppers. When I tell you this pizza was amazing, i am not exaggerating all. The crust was thin and tasty and the cheese was very flavorful. My boss and I decided that this pizza was definitely one of, if not the best pizza we've had. I absolutely recommend!!!
2	Found this pizzeria through a local Groupon.  This worked out great, since I would not have been happy paying full price for what we got. The crust almost tasted packaged and the flavor was bland. I'm not a very tough critic of pizza either, but I wouldn't recommend this place to any of my friends. I will say that the spinach cheese rolls were fluffy and delightful.
2	We ordered two of their "gourmet" pizzas for delivery.  Although my hubby thought his Cimino Deluxe was as expected, my Margherita was quite the disappointment.  It's a good thing the crust was nice & crispy because it was about all there was too it.  To say this pizza looked naked is an understatement.  On a 12" pizza, there was less than quarter cup of finely chopped tomatoes and no garlic to be seen.  There was a faint whisper of olive oil and, I think, a little Mozzarella - couldn't swear to that either.  All in all, this pie looked more like dry toast. I would not recommend ordering pizza for delivery from Mama Cimino's....dinning in will, at least, give the opportunity to send it back.  Assuming you trust the cook staff not to play with your food ;^D
2	I am eating it as I type this..I am so unhappy with this pizza. 14 dollars, just wasted. Delivery guy had to call me to find me, because someone put the address in wrong. Took extra time. Pizza cheese is so rubbery.. Just awful. Sauce is chunky.. Boring... I feel bad that my friends, I invited at my party has to eat this...  next time Frozen pizza...   :(
