4	A fun place...reminded us of being back in Italy. Great big wine glasses and an excellent selection of Italian wines. It is kinda cool of having a "market and mozzaerella bar" ciao. grazie. But, they really need a Happy Hour!
2	A mozzarella bar where you can't get mozzarella (or bread or italian lunchmeat--until dinner.  Poor, confused service.
5	Forno Fabbri is a slice of Italian life. Their delectable pastries and cappuccinos remind me of the true Italian style breakfasts I used to have in Florence. Their lunch menu (available until 5pm) is affordable and extensive, featuring items such as soups, salads, pizza by the slice and sandwiches. Their paninis are to die for. My two favorites are the crudo baguette panino and the caprese foccacia panino. The kale romana salad is incredible. Their very authentic "pizza romana" is something not often seen stateside, but definitely worth checking out. If you're curious about the mozzarella bar, meat balls and cheese boards, be sure to go after 5pm to see that menu! The team of Italian servers know their stuff and make excellent wine pairing suggestions. It is also worth mentioning that they are unfortunately closed every Sunday, which is something unmistakably Italian as well.
5	Absolutely love this place! I would not have known about it except for the article in azcentral about Pomo Pizzeria being one of the 10 best pizzas in the Valley. Looking at the website this morning, I saw the site for Forno as well. They are the only place in town to find a cornetto con crema like I had on my recent trip to Italy! This place is a true slice of Italy, walking in I immediately felt like I was back in Rome or Florence. The pizza is awesome, the selection great and the cornetto was perfect! I highly recommend Forno and if you have not had one before, get yourself a cornetto con crema, they are delicious!
5	Love, love, love this place! Had a wonderful Caprese salad (that was cut and layered properly) and the Rice Balls.... 1 word - Outstanding  I will definitely be back to try some other items.  I loved the market items set up against the one side so you can purchase items to go if you want.
4	What a nice restaurant, glad I tried this place out! The little Italian market was closed, but I still got to walk through it and it was cool, I'll have to come back.Service was good, everything arrived in a timely matter! Was worried because I ordered a pizza on the gluten-free crust, which is supposed to take longer, but there was not much of a wait. I got the marinara pizza. Honestly, it was so good, it did not even need the cheese. Topped with sliced garlic..perfecto! Everyone else in my family was satisfied with their meal as well, we definitely had leftovers. One cool thing was when we were leaving we got to do a drawing-type thing, and we got a coupon for a free pizz! Woop! Love free stuff.I will be coming back to redeem that coupon for more yummy pizza.
5	This place was fantastic.  We read through other reviews and decided we wanted to have more of a low-key night so we decided to hit Forno as opposed to Pomo (attached next door).  This was definitely the way to go and was like something straight out of Vernazza.  While we just did the cheese and meat sampler along with a couple of other small plates, the pizzas we saw come out of the kitchen looked great.  The cheeses were outstanding and the quality of the prosciutto was amazing.  The owners were very friendly and loved to chat.  Can't wait to go back!
4	We read about this place on a top ten list for Italian restaurants. We knew it was by the relocated Pomo Pizzeria but didn't realize they are basically the same restaurant until we arrived. Our one experience with Pomo was not positive so I wasn't excited. It appears that Pomo has been improved from a quick view of the menu but music and other noise came through the shared entrance and made the meal more hectic than I would have liked. The food was good. There were two pasta specials and we each tried one and were pleased. We shared tiramisu for dessert  it was very good.  There is a decent, fairly priced wine list. We had a Sicilian Chardonnay. We liked it. I also had some chamomile infused grappa which was an interesting experiment not to be repeated. Service was good. I have mixed feelings about the Italian market as my wife got $74+ in olive oil during the lunch hour.  We had a good, expensive lunch. I think other places are as good but not as noisy. We will probably go to one of them the next time we want an Italian lunch.
4	For an Authentic taste of Italy Scottsdale AZ might be your closest spot. According to the Forno Fabbri Website they received an Italian Certificate that meets the certification for Italian Foods. It means the recipes, ingredients, and machinery used are certified Italian and have the same values, characteristics and use the same methods of the past and without modification or alteration.I started with a slice of Margherita Pizza Romana. It was only $3.75 so I thought it would be a little square but it was big enough to be a meal. It was simple and not heavy. It was made with the flavors you know and expect.My husband started with the Pasta & Fagioli. Neither of us ever tasted a version of this classic soup that we tried here. Here the Pasta Fagioli was a thinner vegetable based soup that was only very light with seasoning and flavor but did have a good amount of beans in it.I had the Tonno Salad. ($6.75) (AKA Dieters Platter) This was maybe the lightest salad I ever had anywhere. I knew being priced at $6.95 it would be on the light side. All it was were fresh mixed greens, some sliced onion, tomatoes, some Italian Tuna and maybe a spoonful of Extra Virgin Olive Oil mixed threw. No seasonings or spices were added. Very very simple and very VERY light.My husband had the Piccante (Hot Calabrese Salami Sandwich). He didn't ask what the rosa sauce was and just assumed it would all be good to him. He asked the server what the sauce was and she told him it was ketchup mixed with mayonnaise. I don't know if the server was correct or not about those ingredients. My husband's Father is from Italy and raised his children (my husband)  not to eat things he didn't eat in Italy. I don't know what Italy is like today but in my father-in-law's day according to him Italians don't use mayonnaise and many other American Condiments like ketchup. SO my husband asked the server if she could do something about removing the sauce. She said she'd make him a new sandwich without the sauce. He enjoyed the new sandwich very much and said the salami in it was really VERY very Good.This is a small casual place including a small Italian Grocery without produce.If you are modest you might want to avoid the ladies restroom. It is clean and attractive but the wall between the stalls is only semi-transparent. I don't want to draw you a picture about it. Just use your imagination.3.5 Stars rounded up out of respect for what they are trying to do.
2	Not a good experience.  We went there in mid December because I wanted the peppers and eggplant dish that was highlighted in the paper on December 7th. The waiter said  he wasn't familiar with the menu because he only works on the other side. He thought that dish was not available after 3:00 but then he checked with the kitchen and it was OK to order.  One daughter had the mushroom soup and it was very good.  My other daughter and her friend ordered a margherita pizza and a pasta dish to share.  The pizza came out way ahead of the pasta.  There were 3 big basil leaves on the whole pizza and the crust was soggy. The rest of the food was served except my peppers and eggplant dish. About 5 minutes later the waiter brought me eggplant parmesan. It was pretty good, but then my husband called the manager over and a few minutes later he brought out the peppers and eggplant dish. And after all that it was just average. The manager did not charge us for the peppers and eggplant and offered us a free dessert which we declined.  Nothing was good enough to warrant a return visit.
