4	It's 11:30 p.m. just landed .... blustery and cold.  This Marriott is a wonderful travelers oasis. No need for a rental car. No shuttle. Walk to the escalator and prepare for a world-class experience. This hotel is modern, sleek, extremely convenient. The room I enjoyed, silently faced the airport. Twelve foot ceilings, hd tv and a shower that in no way resembles bath. I will say the only disappointment was the club level offerings. If offered the deal, next time I will pass. Give them time however and I'm sure by my next visit they'll have it more in line with what you would expect.
5	This is really a great hotel! Located within the airport, it's nice when you have an early departure, late arrival, or just feel like being lazy before your flight. In my case, it was a 6am flight...definitely didn't feel like adding time before my flight to drive and drop off my car that morning, so I did it all the night before. Brilliant!Check-in was fast and very friendly. It was super quick to get to the room since there are only a few floors (but the hallways can be pretty long). Views, if you have an airport view, are awesome. Everything is very clean. The rooms are surprisingly big - I was just in awe that there was an echo in my base-level room! The beds are comfortable, the TVs are nice and clear with good channel choices, and the shower is good, but with two flaws - (1) I hate the trend of no-door showers, and (2) the towel, for the floor, gets pushed aside with any opening/closing of the bathroom door. Internet is $15.95...ouch. Expected, but ouch! Service at the restaurant/bar is very friendly, and the food is pretty good. The beer choices could be slightly improved.
5	this is really beautiful Marriott - clean, accomodating, easy access to the airport, awesome food and bar, great gym, and fantastic view of airport. I had no plan staying here...but thanks to Delta my flight was cancelled and had to rush to get a room here. Of course the Delta lied to all of passengers, there's no "Delta $99/night" deal between Marriott and Delta, so had to pay $290. Jeez. anyways, it's not Marriott's fault, it's dumb Delta agents fault. Stay was nice, wish I could spend more than 3 hours of sleep here, but again, thanks to Delta, had to pack up and head to the long line at terminal 3am. I guess I will try to enjoy this place on next trip...
5	Clean, comfortable rooms. Very friendly staff. 5 minutes from walking out of your room to airport counter check in. You can not beat this hotel if you have a late night arrival or early morning departure!!!
4	I don't usually go for airport hotels, but this Marriott was recommended by a coworker, and I'm glad I took the advice. Talk about convenient! - Just get off the plane, (go through customs, for us non-Canadians), then head upstairs, walk another 100 yards or so, and you are there.  No rental car (until you need it). And there is a decent restaurant on site if you're done traveling for the day.As for the hotel itself, it looked to be fairly new construction, with a modern design; very attractive inside.  The staff was always friendly and made me feel like royalty.  The fitness room was one of the nicest I've ever seen in any hotel.  Free wi-fi was available in the lobby, but in the room I had to pay.Prices were high overall, but I definitely got my (employer's) money's worth.One star off for airport noise that woke me up on both mornings; mostly snow plows and trucks; never planes. For most of the time, however, the room was surprisingly quiet.
5	Large rooms, comfortable beds, great in hotel location. For Marriott elite members, they also have a very nice club room with good food.
5	Brand new Marriott. It's very clean, professionally staffed and uses touch room keys.  Bruno was quick and helpful checking me in. Within a minute I had a running map, directions to the Avis and my key. The location is in the airport. The gym was relatively well equipped with a killer view.
4	Great hotel.  Excellent staff.  Location is great.  Restaurant is very good also.  Very pricey, but if your at the airport and need a hotel, this is a great choice
