5	I (heart) Andy! I have followed this Nails Garden owner for 6 years to the various nail salons he has worked.  He opened Nails Garden in April 2011 and has fixed the place up well.  He and his wife Debbie work the salon and are very service oriented. Andy has the highest quality standards with his service and products. As you become a regular client, he will learn what you like and is open to feedback. He has become a friend over the years and has a heart of gold.
5	I thought I'd give this place a try, based on the reviews.  It was as good as people said. The staff was very attentive. The salon was clean. The manicure and pedicure I received were very good and the price very reasonable. I will be back.
5	Awesome! I have been going here for a year and would recommend it to everyone! They are always so nice and friendly to me, and remember me everytime I come back! I get gel manicures everytime and they always last at least two weeks! (The one I have on now I've had for a month and it only has a couple chips! amazing!) This is the only place I've been where my manicures have lasted this long. The prices are extremely affordable. The shopping center seems a little run down from the outside, but the salon is very new and clean! My best kept secret!
5	I was looking for a different spot for my friend and I to have a relaxing pedicure. I decided to try this place after reading the reviews online and all I have to say is I Looooooove it! The owners are extremely personable  and professional and the salon itself is so NICE! Do yourself a favor and give Nails Garden a try. Definitely a hidden gem! They officially have two new customers!
5	I'm visiting family in Charlotte this week so I went here 2 days ago based on the good reviews & location. Parking was easy unlike the Arboretum down the street (and most areas in this city it seems) The strip mall the place is in is a little dingy. The salon itself is clean, minimal, and relaxing. (unlike the bar next to it I was at the night before). Andy did a great job on my mani/pedi and was easy to talk to. My nails look better than after a visit here than to my usual salons in Seattle. if I lived here, this would be my regular spot.
5	Nicest people, great nails!
5	Love my nails! The people were really kind and took lots of time to make sure that my nails were perfect!
5	I was in the market for a pedicure and wasn't feeling like going to my usual place, so I scanned the Yelp reviews and stumbled upon Nails Garden.  Not only were the reviews great, but it was also 0.2 miles from my house.  Sold!It's in the strip mall with Auto Zone, Nakato and Bailey's Sports Bar, so a little sketchy, but the other reviews said don't be fooled, and I trust y'all.  The interior was completely different from the exterior - tranquil colors, helpful staff, massage chairs and TVs all help set the experience.The woman who did my pedicure was so nice and so thorough!  It was fairly quiet for a Saturday afternoon, which I really appreciated since many nail salons are loud and all about moving people in and out quickly, but I got her undivided attention.  The pedicure itself was $28, which I thought was a smidgen steep but they also give you the cute pedicure flips flops, so I'll deal with it.  I was in and out in 45 minutes, and they were the most relaxing 45 minutes I've had in a long time.  I'll be back!
5	LOVE this place. Best set and pedicure I've ever had. They actually care about your nails and take into consideration what you do, which is very important to me as a hair stylist and I work with my hands. Great prices as well.
5	best nail salon in charlotte. i love that the brothers are super friendly . i found them on Yelp and i am so glad i did. They greet you by your first name and rememeber what you was talking about from your last visit. I am so glad that i found them. Super clean, Professional and quality work.
5	I was in Charlotte over Christmas from St.Louis and was in search of the best place for a manicure. I am very picky so when I read all the great reviews on Nails Garden I had to check it out.. It was a bit further of a drive but the fact that all reviews had 5 stars it had to be worth it. It was!!!! This place was very clean and the staff was very nice!!! And the girl who did my shellac manicure did an impeccable job!!! Would highly recommend!!!!
1	This place has totally gone downhill. It's too hot in there, they dont serve wine and the person doing my nails was a trainee. Nail color selection is awful. Not sure what's going on but don't make the trek. My friend and I thought it was awful.
5	I was searching for a good nails place in the area for Xmas gift certificates for my co workers and found this salon with a lot of great reviews. The manager great me very kind and my co-workers come back after try them out with a very high recommend. I will come back to joint them again. They are great staffs.
5	I decided to pop in here because I could literally walk to this place and was in desperate need of a manicure. I waited all of 2 minutes and was out in less than an hour. The service was fast and courteous and great pricing on a gel manicure. Only $25!! My friend gets a gel manicure at another place for over $40. The place was clean and an open atmosphere....and it also did not have that typical nail salon smell (which can be pretty strong). All in all, good place and I will be back!
5	What a wonderful afternoon my friend and I had.  Ann and Anna were wonderful girls.  They did a professional pedicure and shellac manicure that was terrific.  I would definitely recommend!
5	Great place. I have come every two weeks for over a year. They are always friendly and do a great job. Even the regular opi polish stays on for over a week.
5	Very friendly.  Very clean.  They do a great job on my natural nails....pedi has lasted several weeks.  Anna is very good and wants to ensure her customers are pleased...great foot massage!  The gentleman that runs it sets the tone for friendliness and seeks to know my name and accommodate schedules.  Found them based on Yelp reviews...and agree!
3	I went here after seeing all the stellar posts. I have to admit I was less than thrilled.  They were very nice and kind, the space was clean and my pedicure was great.  The technician spent a good amount of time scrubbing my feet which I loved.  My gel manicure was however less impressive.  It began chipping with in two days and one nail was completely gone with in the next two.  I had to peel the rest off before the end of the week because they looked so poor.  I have had manicures last upwards of three weeks, so less than a week was extremely disappointing.
4	Place was nice and clean! People were friendly, and service was fast even as a walk in.I went in for a fill in and wax. I was out the door in 45 mins with nails completely dry!I will also say that I am very picky about my eye brows, and I am extremely satisfied that I finally found somewhere that actually pays attention to the shape, and doesn't chop off half of my brows! Would definitely recommend.
5	I'm a transplant from California.   I've had pink n whites for over 25 years.  Since moving to CLT 8 years ago I've gone full years without a set because quality is severely lacking.  Then I read all these reviews and YES Andy rocks!!! This place is affordable and my nails look beautiful.   I get so many compliments.  Yelp has asked them to pay $ for good reviews but he has refused and old low scores still pop up.   Watch the dates here it's skewed.  Go see Andy behind Nakato restaurant!!!
5	I have followed Andy to 3 different salons  he is the best nail tech I have ever meet my nails are amazing every time I go to him!
