3	Having been raised in Southern California, I realize that it's blasphemous for me to say that I prefer Five Guys over In-n-Out. But, I'm putting it out there: I like Five Guys better. Eek. Unfortunately, since moving to Toronto from Seattle (where they've only recently gotten a couple of Five Guys restaurants), my life has been somewhat bereft of a good fast food burger. So, when I found that my rental apartment in Montreal was a block away from a brand spankin' new Five Guys, I was jazzed -- even in a neighborhood sprawling with amazing food like Vieux Montreal. However, if you're familiar with the rest of the Five Guys chain, this particular location leaves a bit to be desired. It's probably because the place has recently opened and they're working out a few kinks, but the kinks are pretty big ones:1. Sloppy burger. My burger appeared to have been put together by flinging the components across the room, only to be haphazardly assembled and wrapped. You know how at a casino, the dealer spreads out all the cards in an overlapping row? That's what my burger was like. Plus, the cheese wasn't completely melted. Not typical of the Five Guys burgers I've had in the States.2. Inconsistently cooked patties. Of the two patties in my cheeseburger, one was overcooked and the other was not cooked enough; it was medium rare, erring on the side of rare. While medium rare is how I would cook a burger at home, it's a little disconcerting to get one at a fast food joint. Again, not typical of the burgers I've had at Five Guys stateside.With that said, it's still a decent burger. I don't know if Old Montreal is really the best place for this kind of restaurant, but either way, as long as they can work out these issues I think it'll be a solid place to grab a burgery bite.
3	Five Guys Burgers finally opened in Old Montreal! Considering that I waited a good 20-30 minutes, I guess the word is out! Since I spent almost 4 years in California, aka "In-N-Out Country", I was impatient to see how Five Guys would compare to my beloved fast food chain. In the end, I must say that there are no clear winners.I ordered the bacon cheeseburger all-dressed, which includes, grilled mushrooms and onions amongst other things. Quite a large selection of free toppings. As advertised, the beef patties were very fresh: handmade, juicy and very flavorful. My friend and I scarfed down our burger without saying a word. Word of advice: The burger is quite messy because of its size. I felt the bun was not toasted enough and the cheese was not melted enough but I am just being fussy here. The fries are fantastic. Made in-house from real potatoes, the definite winner is the Cajun style fries: the spices add a nice kick. The portions are huge. You can easily share a regular portion between 2 persons.The only drawback is the price. A burger, fries and drink will cost nearly 15$! Maybe it's a good thing... it'll prevent me from going there too often on my lunch breaks! One would say that you have to pay for quality.Five Guys people: Please add poutine to your menu! Dudes, you're in Montreal!
3	Five Guys in Montreal,The famous burger franchise opened a location two blocks away from where I work, so today after waiting a few weeks for them to work out the kinks that you are bound to find in any new restaurants, I wondered over at lunch to give them a try.I liked the look of the place typical old school fast food decor and hustle and bustle, the kind of feel you don't find at the big boys. In their desire to homogenize the look, feel and taste of their food, the fast food feel has gone away. What I liked about Five guys was the fact that are unapologetic about what they serve. It's burgers, fries and soft drinks, they aren't trying to be a salad bar or a coffee shop, it's a burger joint point!The person taking my order at the cash was great fast efficient no fuss no muss, even if the line was out the door, she was a pro got my order right first shot and I didn't order an all-dressed I picked my toppings individually. What more can you ask for? As for the rest of the experience, I kind of have to agree with the previous reviewers. Although the burger tasted good I felt it had been thrown together, I ordered raw onions on my burger and none of them were on the patty, they were under the bread. I had the regular fries, they were OK but nothing spectacular, I prefer the fries at LaFleure but that's a matter of personal taste. In short if you're in the area it's not a bad place for a quick burger to go and the taste is pretty good but I wouldn't make a special trip.
4	Having tried Five Guys burgers whilst in Fort Lauderdale I was stoked to wander passed the one in Old Montreal the other day with a few friends who were in town. My experience with this particular Five Guys is similar to those noted below in the sense that the "feel" of the place is spot on, it's unapologetically a burger joint. The staff were professional and friendly despite the fact that they were clearly in the middle of a rush - the girl at the cash was efficient while still being personable.The burger did feel a little sloppy though I'm not sure exactly what part of it broke it - I think it was just the overall building of the burger. The flavours were all there but it just fell apart (part of that is my own handling of it but let's be honest, this wasn't my first rodeo).The fries, however, were stellar as was expected... fresh, crisp where they should be crisp and soft where they should be soft. Just add ketchup and you're all set. You should stop in and grab a burger - I'm a fan for sure.
2	If your choice of burger is sloppy, then this is your spot.  The trend of all these burger places continues unabated however, 5 Guys really does nothing extraordinary despite this reinvention of the wheel.The plus is the ample selection of condiments to add on the foundation that is your burger, but the very same foundation is cracked and flawed.The burger is small and flimsy, quickly cooked up on a greasy hot plate.  Judging by the before and after, what does look like a nice fresh patty quickly shrinks to a tiny puck that does little to cover the bun.  This is all too common with ground beef that has a high margin of fat. Shrinkage can be avoided with better cuts of beef and better ratio of fat to beef.The toppings are fresh but once said and done, the first bite quickly brings to mind the old Wendy's adage of "where's the beef?".   In fact, after all this, Wendy's may have been a better choice, at least I could have a small chilli and cheese with my burger.Fries, can't complain.  They were good but why people go on about their Cajun fries like it's a new thing is beyond me.  Even Mikes started serving these decades ago under the heading of spicy fries, just unfortunate in their case they went with frozen over fresh.Overall, there is way better out there, avoid the line up for this temporary niche, and maybe find the nearest Dic Annes. Way I see it, if Johnny Rockets which made an awesome burger couldn't survive the high standards of Montreal, then it's only a matter of time before 5 Guys goes the way of Krispy Kreme....  Some highly commercial US eatery that may look great on the food channel when Guy Fieri chomps down on it, but once North of the border, it loses it's appeal in the face of burger joints new and old which have real character and charm rather than a box of salty peanuts.
4	It was my first time at 5GB ( who are they btw?) and I wasn't disappointed. Well first, I was happy to find such a decently priced place in Old Montreal. Now burger wise, the sandwich actually reminded me of Shake Shack in NYC: juicy and tasty - yep, you only get the size at McD's. I got it fully loaded and didn't experience any trouble despite not being a burger gourmet. No matter how many toppings you will get the price will remain the same but don't expect a state-of-the-art customization similar to Gourmet Burger. Finally and fries wise, these were crunchy, tasty and so many. Well, I really enjoyed my first experience hosted by the newly-established franchise but I still believe it lacks personality. Perhaps because Sin City is home to so many little homemade burger spots which will charge you less than these guys.
4	Wow good sloppy greasy burgers really hit the spot. The patty was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. I took the beacon cheese one patty with choice of free toppings : mayo BBQ sauce lettuce raw onions grilled onions mushrooms pickles. It fell apart but I didn't care. My bf got the same with different toppings and we shared some Cajun fries, delicious by the way. There were 3 ppl in front of us on a Saturday afternoon not bad. I don't like high chairs and high tables they hurt my thighs but that's the only thing I didn't like. Worth a trip if your in the mood for something comforting. We paid 21$
5	Love it! From NYC and living in Montreal now. totally satisfied that taste the same as the five guys in queens! Yum!
5	Hurray!The Five Guys burger domination has finally started in downtown Montreal! I can't wait for the day when all fast crappy food, corporate baddies like McDonald's, Burger Kings and Harveys have gone the way of the dodo bird. As in extinct.While In-N-Out Burger dominates the West Coast, Five Guys has burned up the East Coast and rightly so.A word of warning: the burgers are HUGE and very, very  filling. If you're not sure what to get on your first order, go for the smaller sized burgers and fries.
4	First time there and it was really nice ! The price range is totally reasonnable! For 1 bacon cheeseburger, 1 cheeseburger, 1 small fries (way enough for 2) and 2 drinks we paid 17$ almost the same as McDonald. Food wise the experience was very positive. Bacon was crispy, meat tender and not too cooked and we could customize our burger. The fries are delicious, crispy and they arrived very warm. At the end we were super full and I'll definitely come back to 5GB!
4	So I've recently become obsessed with North American-style burgers. I find it strange that even though you (North Americans) go crazy for toppings, nobody offers fried egg or beetroot as an option (like a good Aussie burger with The Lot has).While Five Guys doesn't fill that gaping hole in the burger topping market they do have a lot of other toppings, and what they have is good. I particularly like the mushrooms they throw in there, and the fact that the cheeseburger with bacon comes with two patties of meat by default is another thing to love about it.The fries here are also really good. A word of warning: a large serving is enough for 2-3 people, so share if you can (don't just fill up the cup with fries, but 1/2 the bag the cup is in). They're cooked in peanut oil, so they taste a bit different from other places - and there's lots of free peanuts to eat while you're waiting!There isn't really anything else on the menu, and it's always busy;  both big pluses in my book. I like places which are good at what they do, and don't try to please everyone.
4	Excellent burger joint (chain from the states)Everything is made fresh in front of you, burgers can be piled high with delicious toppings and portions are amazingly large!!! (one small fry easily fills 2 people)The beef is so tasty, if you close your eyes, you're eating a steak!!!Prices are fair as quality far surpasses any fast food places around, so completely worth it (you can have a good meal for about $10 per person.)The fries are tasty and obviously made form real potatoes (you can see some skin on them!)Peanuts in shell as an appetizer, good while waiting, very fast and efficient service.This is not a health food place, so I wouldnt recommend it everyday! But if you're looking for a burger fix, this is the place.
4	Lets face it, who does not like to go out for a burger rather than making one at home? The task of creating then grilling, following cleanup etc, sometimes is worth a treat to try someone else's idea of a burger, especially when travelling, a more than a safe bet. Consistency and taste are critical elements that will draw you back to the same restaurant or chain, after all decor means little if you are consuming a sub par product. I confess to not ever eating another Burger King item, just an insult to your senses when the pattie is wafer thin & tasteless, McD's is just average, Harvey's can be hit or miss but lately Wendy's has been a more favourable choice with the new Hot & Juicy signature burger. However, combined they do not even hold a candle to the wind to a hearty 5Guys creation. If it were not for President Obama being elected, I think most of us would have never heard of this chain.Go back a few years to that election. As a tradition, NBC news will spend a few days with the new president shortly after taking office. During this airing a moment of pure humbleness unfolds. The President and his crew with news team in tow embark on an "Off the record" trek. All the vehicles stripped of any Presidential markings wind through the streets of Washington until they arrive at the original 5Guys location. You can see what happens if you do a search on "Youtube", perhaps this event was the single, largest free endorsement any business could be given!! Fast forward to summer 2011 while travelling through Colorado presented my first chance to try 5Guys. In just a few words....absolutely lipsmaking Delicious!! I will elaborate in just a bit. Another travel through Rochester, New York during the Christmas holidays in 2011 then twice since the beginning of 2012 at the D.D.O branch in the West Island of Montreal are what followed. As mentioned before, consistency & taste are what will draw you to be a loyal client, and in this area 5Guys has what will give me the confidence to try any branch on either side of our border. Indeed more expensive than other fast food chains, but if it means that I will go the 5Guys once rather than another chain twice the quality of the food is just worth that formula. One of my initial tests of a burger is to take a bite from the pattie without the influences of other ingredients to feel the texture of the meat and how it is seasoned. All my times this has been a tasty, juicy experience!!Indeed the decor is a simple take on a restaurant. Extreme flashy decor takes a back seat to a wide open expanse of red & white ceramic tiled walls, tons of fresh potato sacs in the centre of the eating quarters are a bold statement to the fresh theme of no frozen foods. The cashier has the important task to not only call out the orders, but initially take the time to explain the process to newcomers, all with a great smile and cheerful demeanour. You can have as many toppings as you like, or if you don't mention anything a series of basic toppings highlighted in black ink will be added. The first time I ordered the small bacon cheeseburger with "small" fries.I was barely able to finish both as the burger was just the correct size, but the fries were good for at least 2 people. The next time I ordered the regular B&C burger that consists of 2 patties then shared an order of fries. My philosophy is you are going for a burger, the fries are just a "filler". Drinks are endless, so save a bit of money buy ordering a small drink, then enjoy the free refills!!As you sit to enjoy your meal you notice the newspaper or other media testimonials decorating the walls as well some free paper and coloured crayons where you can broadcast your own thoughts. All add to a fun environment that is simply lacking in other major chain restaurants. In another thread someone predicts 5Guys will last only a few years, I strongly disagree with their thoughts. With the other major chains trying to reinvent themselves I think 5Guys has given them reason to worry, after all they have taken us for advantage all these years, time for someone else to make us look forward to going out for a classic fast food meal.Thanks so much 5Guys!!Andy
4	Makes for a perfect lazy Sunday meal, especially when you're hungover and all you end up doing is eating junk (after drinking it all night), anyways.Their single bacon-cheeseburgers are great! If you have a bigger appetite, go for a bigger burger and I'm sure it'll still be just as satisfying. Otherwise, don't push it. Enjoy it. On the side, I had their cajun fries and found those to be really good. My friend ordered the regular and those were good too... Perfectly cut and cooked!
4	After passing the Five Guys near my home in Dollard numerous times because I was on my way somewhere else with no time to stop, I finally found myself in front of this location, hungry as all hell. I salivated at the thought of trying something new; something that I had had on my mind since I first saw that they opened. I walked in and, as any first time customer, I stared at the menu to figure out how this place worked. Nicolas at the cash welcomed me warmly (I think he saw my hamster running) and offered me my Five Guys crash course. A French guy, he pleasantly and eagerly served me in his best English without the slightest hesitation and it was obvious to all who heard him that he liked his job and knew his stuff. What an absolute pleasure. I had a single burger, all dressed (the way they recommend it) and though it was very messy and fell apart in my hands, it was moist and juicy and tasted delicious. Excellent. (I won't give a fast food joint 5 stars save for something exceptional, so consider my 4 stars a perfect fast food score.) My only "complaint" was that when I gave the manager a compliment about Nicolas at the cash, he seemed so unappreciative, preferring to tell me how well he treats his employees. It was bizarre. For the number of complaints in the fast food business, when someone gives a compliment, just shut up and smile, take it, say thank you, and pass it on to your employee. Let Nicolas shine in the moment, don't steal it from him. Geez. Anyway, following my average experiences at Jukebox Burgers and A&W in Dollard, I will gladly get my future burgers from the Five Guys within sight of both of these places. (Oh, and Jukebox - if Five Guys decide to run ads saying they were the best burger in the city, I would not argue with them, because unlike you, they can back up the claim.)Yum.
2	The restaurant is kind of dirty, the service is ridiculously slow, and the food is not good. You're better off going to McDonald's.
4	PROS:1. Cheap food. Free peanuts! :) 2. Casual, fun environment. Great place to relax and eat. I'm surprised they don't serve beer...CONS:1. No vegetarian options.OVERALL:-Great place for meat eaters. p.s. free drink refills!
4	If you're looking for an American-style burger and fries that's not going to set you back more than a few toonies, then you'll enjoy Five Guys Burger & Fries.Their name spells out the two food items that make up their most popular items.  The fries are served regular and cajun style.  5 Guys also offers hot dogs, veggie burgers, and grilled cheese sandwiches.If you are allergic to peanuts, avoid 5 Guys.  They cook everything in peanut oil and have open boxes of peanuts in-store to eat at your leisure.Also be aware of the different burger sizes when ordering. A regular size burger will come with two beef patties, while a 'small' come with with one.I'm a big fan of the small cheeseburger with bacon and loaded up with great toppings of lettuce, tomato, pickles, grilled onions and grill mushrooms.If you are looking for a quick, inexpensive burger in Montreal, check out 5 guys.
5	The best there is. If you love burgers, you'll love Five Guys. This location is as fine as any I've visited in the states. Clean, prompt and with friendly staff who genuinely seem to care about running a good ship.If you've never been, I'd recommend ordering a "little" cheeseburger; the regular cheeseburgers are actually doubles. Personally, I think the balance of bun, cheese and meat is perfect in the little cheeseburger, but sometimes you just need a little extra meat.
3	This joint happened to be close to where I'm staying in the city. its also one of the few places in the area open after 9pm. The place was happening. I realized later its a franchise in the city. I ordered one of their few vegetarian options, a grilled cheese sandwich with grilled mushrooms. And a side of cajun spiced fries. Both were stupendously good (and stupendously unhealthy). My grilled cheese consisted of two slices of 'bread' (more like savoury pancakes) with heaping amounts of cheese and mushrooms dripping out. The serving size was smallish (imagine a slightly overstuffed egg mcmuffin) but very filling. In comparison they overfilled my serving of fries (and I ate every single one...oh what a carb feast).It will cost you around $10-12 for a main, fries and drink. I wish they had poutine options, guess I will have to save that tasting event for another local establishment :)
5	Best Burger in the city HANDS Down!!!!!!!It's a bit pricey for a burger joint but its well worth it
5	Love their burgers! The taste amazing and yet are 100% beef. They offer "unlimited" toppings and the burgers are always filled loaded. I eat here once a week sometimes!Their poutine kit is pretty good too!
4	American style burgers are not easy to find in Canada.  If you're craving for one, you will not go wrong at Five Guys!  The single cheese burger is a perfect working dinner.  While you wait, there are complimentary fresh shelled peanuts. Something I've never seen at a burger joint.  And that's because the company started in Virginia.  According to Wikipedia they're the largest growing franchise business.
2	OVERRATED! I was disappointed with my burger. I mean, it was good, but not worth the price. You have to purchase your fries and drink separately, which runs up a bill of around 20$. That seems a little steep for a fast food joint. I could get a full meal at a&w or Wendy's for half the price. They advertise FREE CONDIMENTS! Are you kidding me? I hope the condiments are free, my meal is already 20$!  Oh but wait, they offer free peanuts. YAHOOI will not be returning. Waste of money
4	Let me preface this by stating that I am a bit of a health food nut, but I will rate this place for what it is, a burger chain.This place is awesome! I always get the regular burger (2 patties) with all the raw toppings and condiments. It tastes amazing every single time. The fries are fresh cut and taste good even if you let them get cold.This place makes the best "fast food" burgers around!
5	When the closest In and Out Burger is thousands if miles away, well this is the best option. I'll agree its not cheap, but you're paying for freshness and quality, rather than you're average burger chain restaurant.
4	Working in Montreal financial district and need a quick burger fix? This Five Guys should be on your list. Burger patties are juicy and flavorsome and the staff is friendly, always delivering your order with a smile. There is a good list of condiments which should satisfy most but don't expect anything too fancy. You can snack on free peanuts while you wait for your food, which can take 5 to 10 minutes around lunch time. Will go again!
