5	I have followed Kim to her new adventure as owner of Sole Serenity because she is AMAZING. When I first found Kim I had acrylic nails and she did them for me a couple times and then suggested I go to gel polish with natural nails.  Can't thank her enough for that! I love my nails now!  Kim is professional, witty and most of all caring.  Her new digs are definitely serene, cozy and immaculate. You get top notch treatment and beautiful nails and toes.  Thanks Kim!
5	I have been going to Kim for about 2 years now, and I drive all the way from Gilbert - she's THAT GOOD!  The absolute best I've ever had; beautiful work, clean, affordable and Kim is just a lovely person.  What more could you ask for??  I now make it a regular appointment every 4 weeks - and I don't have problems with my toenails hurting after jamming my feet in cute shoes all week.  Go visit her and you won't regret it!!
5	I always go to see Kim for a special visit while in Arizona. As a fellow nail technician I know all the craziness there is and all the ways many nail techs get out  of doing their jobs correctly! It's always a treat to see Kim again as I went to her in Illinois and we swapped stories and techniques. Thank you Kim, it was great to get to see you again and keep up the good work!!
5	Kim was amaaazing! I was getting married on Saturday and my friend and I called her on Thursday hoping to get in. She was so sweet and fit us both in! I came in with an idea of what I wanted and she showed me how it would look then suggested something that I loved even more! Very clean and sanitary environment. Will definitely be back!
5	Kim is the BEST nail technician I have ever worked with!!!  While visiting AZ, I called her in the morning and she was able to accommodate me for the same day.  Kim is professional, knowledgeable, incredibly nice, and takes great pride in her work.  The salon is extremely clean and comfortable.  My mani/pedi is beautiful - the best I have ever gotten.  I would highly recommend Kim @ Sole Serenity, and I look forward to my next visit to AZ.  Thank you Kim :)
5	Loved my nails and was in and out in no time:) walking distance in Old Town, loved it!  Professional and lots of style selection, I did cherry red with silver tips:)
5	Kim is amazing. She is definitely different from the average corner nail salon. Her atmosphere is welcoming and calm. Close to downtown Scottsdale lots of places within walking distance. Always has great deals going on. Please check her out.
