3	Good ol' Zodie's. When the smoking ban went into effect, this bar ditched their kitchen and mounted a GIANT sign with bold, red print, exclaiming, "SMOKERS WELCOME." I admit, the ban is probably a good idea. I will cover that statement with, "To each his own," everyone's opinion counts, etc. etc. etc. But I do admire the zeal with which they stood to their cause. Now, the decor in Zodie's didn't click in my gourd until very recently. Why? I don't know, because now that I get it, it's just so apparent. The place is scattered with zodiac symbols, sun catchers, and wind chimes. The lighting changes, too, depending on who's on shift. If it's Jim or Pete, the lights are at their fullest level. But if Charla is working, she'll turn the lights completely off, fill the joint with candle light, and talk to you about where your sun is and which planet is in your ... I can't ever follow, but it sure sounds nice. Everyone likes a scapegoat when their luck has run dry, yeah? I've also heard several accounts of the haunt who hangs out at Zodie's, which just adds to the place's appeal. For goofs like me, anyway. I guess he wears a white T shirt, and likes to play with the TVs and radio. I've never witnessed this, but I keep hoping.The drinks are good 'n strong. The prices are definitely affordable. I did, however, cringe a little when I selected the "Night Life" category, because every time we've been to Zodie's, the only other people at the bar are other employees. They do have a Golden Tee machine, and if you take a chance to get to know the bartenders, their stories can certainly be entertaining.It may not be for everyone, but this is one of my favorite places to go for a cocktail.
3	When I worked on the Obama campaign in Las Vegas, our statewide headquarters was right next door to Zodie's.  As the campaign heated up and we started working 14+ hour days, it became harder and harder to muster up the energy to go out, well not to the Strip, cause I really didn't do that that much, but like, to Crown and Anchor... or The Office Bar... you get the picture.So we started getting drinks at Zodie's.  This bar is so bad it goes all the way around the circle to good again.  The bartenders are inattentive, and if you order anything involving more than two ingredients, all you may get is a funny look.  The music is a stereo that plays the radio.  The lighting is awful.  But somehow it became our bar.We even held our staff New Years party here.  And I believe, broke the stereo (sorry!).  It was good times.
1	I've been here one time.  It was the ONLY time I ever sent a beer back.  My miller light was either out dated or a skunk crapped in it.  Either way I could only stomach about a third of it.  It was replaced with another draft beer that wasn't that great either.
4	After way too many days and nights on the strip I headed out with the rental car looking for a sports bar or neighborhood haunt so that I could sit and relax and not be paying $12 for a drink  or $40 for dinner. I drove down Flamingo and saw the sign that said 'smokers welcome'. I thought how Iclever is that marketing scheme? I kept driving and all I could find was Mexican and Asian restaurants and bars-and I was looking for a burger or sandwich place. I decided to head back to Zodies. The lot was empty except for 2 cars. I went in--was greeted by one customer at the bar-a gal who worked 3 jobs to make it in Vegas and the bartender, Julie. I sat at the bar, ordered a diet coke and played video poker. No food because of the smoking ban where food is served but Julie quickly told me that I could get just about anything I wanted delivered and she was willing to make the calls for me. I decided not to. This place is a dump-broken down, needing repairs but I tell you, it was an awesome experience-service, friendly people in a big city where you are invisible. I will go back!  Also won $132. :-)
4	This is one of those places that folks get to know each other by name and you see the same faces every week. NORM!! Really, they're sweet locals here.I come for karaoke, mainly because the host isn't so ego driven that he sings every rotation or adds long, boring hip-hop vignettes between sessions that make a short rotation take hours and force you to leave after singing one song. (like *some* places I'll never return to *cough*Blind Tiger*cough*)...instead, you get a sweet mixture of the die-hard karaoke ilk that either sing pretty good or suck up the joint - and you get to sing at least 2-3 times before your second drink.The place is never crowded, and it's not that smoky, surprisingly.The bartender is a sweetheart who remembers you and what you sang when you even you've only been there a couple of times.My only complaint is that they don't take plastic. Who carries cash in this millennium? Yes, they have an ATM, but for those fees, I'd rather just drink water.
5	This is like any Karaoke dive bar nothing special in its surroundings. A smoky bar that on weekends has Karaoke 3 nights - Fri - Sun. My review gets 5-stars for the people, most especially KJ's Jeff & Froggie. The owner of Zodie's is Carl a cool senior guy with a love for the Denver Bronos and anything related to the city. Much of the memorabilia comes from the inspirations of Denver culture. Since there is no longer food service here folks may order out or bring food in. But hey, its still an establishment trying to make some money so tip the bartenders and the KJ's. Buy drinks that cost between $2.00 - $6.00 depending on what you drink. Definitely, a lively crowd with entertaining voices.. some even professional. Stop by Zodie's and then Yelp about it! Oh yeah, bring cash... no credit cards accepted!
4	This is an awesome dive bar. It's small and got a lot of character. The bartenders are friendly and will seriously hook you up. Get the drink card, it's totally worth it. The food isn't exactly anything to write home about, but it'll hit the spot - especially after a bunch of alcohol. The beer on tap is ho-hum, boring standards. But hey, it's a dive bar and you don't come here for the beer offerings. There's karaoke too! And the locals are, um, interesting. If you don't have a great time here, well, you must've slept through it all. There's definitely nowhere else like it, at least that I've found.
