1	I really need to stop eating at Panda Express and thinking it will get better the next time I visit one. It just seems to get worse and worse every time. I mean it's been at least two years since I last went to one hoping it would be better this time around, but  I was sorely disapointed. What can I say other then the fried rice was bland, the shrimp dish lacked shrimp but at least the cream cheese wontons were solid. After all was said and done, I really wish I had spent my money somwhere else. What happened to the days of their iconic orange chicken and other goodies? I remember how much I used to love going to these places. Oh well, I tried and they failed.
2	The good: The pot stickers tasted good, and I liked their 6 shrimp for $2.50. And the fortune cookies were edible. The bad: Pretty much everything else. The ugly: The fact I paid $22 for food that most of it ended up in a trash bag destined for the Apex landfill outside of town. The next time I start thinking that Panda Express is worth visiting to satisfy my cravings for Chinese food in Henderson, I hope the karma gods smack me with a clue stick and wake me up. 2 stars. Why? I haven't got a clue except I don't want to write any 1 star reviews tonight. (It's the best I've got). (Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #20)
1	My husband and I grabbed dinner from here and after we got home I got half way through my dinner bowl when we found a little black beetle dead in the rice.My husband called there just to let them know and the manager was arguing with him and telling him to bring it in and prove it and she'd give him free food.We didn't want free food we just wanted to let them know so maybe they would check their rice but she kept arguing with him and was mad at us for finding the bug and telling them about it.If she would have been appreciative and concerned even pretend to be concerned we wouldn't be writing this review thinking she checked it out and all was good, but she acted like it was our fault.So we are telling all of YOU about it since I highly doubt they will check their food and then of course we will not be eating there again and I wouldn't advise anyone else eating there either.We are sending a letter to their corporate offices and Nevada health board.
4	I like this Panda Express because it is reliable.  That's the key, reliability.  The lines can be very long but I am one of those people (that add to that loooooong line).  I do not think parking is an issue because while it is hard to find a spot right in front of PE, you can sure park elsewhere in the parking complex and walk to it.  It is only a minute walk, and that is assuming you parked in front of Albertsons.
1	Before you eat here at panda look at pictures from my experience.  By the way, I brought it to there attention after I seen what was on my plate and, the server comes out and says I'm sorry, would you like another plate of the same?  WTF??!!  Yea  buddy, how about on the same plate!!  Idiot.   Never again.  Gotta let the health department know now beings how nobody wants to take my info.  I'm not looking for a "free meal".  Just want them to know how there so called restaurants run.  ( like we didn't already know ).
1	This place looks like it had a change over... its over priced food was cold and when the lady put my sons food in the bag it was not closed and by the time we walked outside it was all leaked out in the bag.. poor service wont be back .. dont even want to give one star after seeing other reviews..yuck
5	Waited till my 5th visit to review.  Don't get all bad reviews? It's a fast food place.  As expected!  What impresses me is they are always busy and clean!  My kids love the orange chicken.  If course, they are kids.
