5	This is such a fun, family-oriented place! Last Thanksgiving my whole family hauled out there for my cousin's wedding. I would definitely put it up there as the best family vacation we ever had. Everyone instantly treats you like family, the home cookin' is real hearty home cooking. There's tons to do from hiking the Bulldogs and riding horses to heading out on Saguaro Lake. If you get to know the staff, they'll likely introduce you to kick ass tequilla and corn bombs. And don't forget the lasso lessons! The cabins can be a little cramped, but it's fun camp-out-in-the-desert living. Regardless, I can't wait to go back this Thanksgiving!
5	First let me say that you have to be a person  who enjoys the outdoors for this. I do and I  love this . We haver rented kayaks twice in the last two months.Both times were wonderful. Our groups each time were 8-12 people who were prepared for being all day ( 3hoursish) out on the water.   At the ranch they give you a well rounded kayaking lesson, you chose your kayaks and you pull them right to the water. After that you decide how fast or slow you go. There are little bits of rapids they break up the paddling. The water can be very quiet and calm at times. They water is cool and comfortable . We had one person tip over and he simply stood up to get started again. You need to need to paddle so be prepared to do so.Our arms were a bit tired but nothing terrible. We had people from ages 9-60 involved and all had fun.  You will be by the"tubers",  you may see tubing behavior so shield the little ones and hide your daughters,At the end they arrange a spot to pick you up and it's easy to find . The place depends on water and time you want.  They bring a large air conditioned van and you sit while they put kayaks on the trailers. Here are a few tips for a great outing.Bring small coolers -there is enough room at the fromt of the kayak.Drink  and bring lots of waterRemember things get wet. Plan shoes to be sturdy and durable.Great snacks we had --chees sticks, beef jerky ,granola bars,  pre cut apples. Things that we didn't need prep  and were sturdy.We brought a plastic football to thorw around lots of funIf you smoke or need to keep items super dry --good luck bring floatable plastic containers, be caredul with cell phones.We all wore hats on the second trip--cuts down on glare, heat to face, sunburn    and our kids could hide whem embarrassed.I can't wait to go again!
3	Super friendly staff.Basic, decent food.Run down, western, rustic decor.
5	Wonderful place to stay - comfortable cabins and lodge. The surroundings are gorgeous and the staff on site were so kind and accommodating. And the food was fantastic.
4	I just came back from a Tempe Leadership retreat at Saguaro Lake Ranch.  It's a beautiful spot!  I'd call the cabins "modern rustic".  There are definitely upgrades, such as A/C units and newer tile flooring but also original or close to original structures, decorated with southwest themed furniture and artwork.  Some of the art is just breathtaking!  The staff were very nice and the food was really good.  You can't beat the fresh blueberry pancakes with giant, juicy blueberries.  Yumm!  The staff were very accommodating to our group. Tubing in the Salt River was one of the best features of the retreat.  It was a little brisk in the morning, but it was a refreshing and wonderful way to start the day.  They also have a swimming pool on site.The location is only 25 miles from the Phoenix metro area, so it was nice to get away but not have to be stuck in the car for hours.Cell phone reception wasn't too bad, although I had to go outside to send texts (I have T-Mobile).  I don't know about the wifi situation or the pricing for group/ corporate reservations.  The non-group rates are expensive, but I think you get a lot for what you pay for, especially considering the hospitality, cleanliness and high quality of food.
4	I came here for a work event. The location is about an hour from Scottsdale- and the mountain backdrop around sunset is beautiful. In fact, the ranch looks like something out of a movie. They had many games like connect 4, cornhole, ladder golf, a huge jenga, and more.  The staff was great. The only complaint and why this is 4 stars instead of 5 is the food. We had burgers and dogs buffet style and nothing was very good.  That being said I Would still come back in a heartbeat.
5	Wonderful place to stay so long as you like peace and quiet.My wife and I stayed there 2 days last week as part of a biking adventure. We biked to the resort and really enjoyed our time there.  We had a lovely cabin by the river on a lovely patch of well maintained green grass (which is rare in the Scottsdale area!).  The owners were so laid back and friendly and would help with anything. Dinner was at 6, breakfast at 8 and both were great and easy experiences.  They have a games room, including Pool table and are situated close to the Saguaro Lake which you can hike up above (one of the prettiest hikes I've ever done).I'd recommend a car and with that you can get to Mesa and Fountain Hills nearby as this place is in a quiet area. Its not hustle and bustle, its peace and quiet and nature. The views are great, the Bulldog Rocks at sunset are a must see.  I'd definitely go back. I miss it already.
5	My girlfriend and I rented kayaks here for two hours.  You are given a quick orientation and the staff makes sure you can do basic navigation, and off you go.  We encountered about 6 areas where there was "fast water," or "mini-rapids," and they were a lot of fun.  You can go at a very leisurely pace and still get to the pick-up point in plenty of time (two hours.)   I brought a camera, but made sure it was in a water proof pouch.  Same for my car keys and cell phone.  You WILL get splashed, and sometimes water gets in the kayak after you go throughout the "mini-rapids."  For a 100+ day, we were very comfortable.  Just stick your feet in the water and it will cool you right off.  Slather on LOTS of waterproof sunscreen, and bring some in a ziploc because you will probably need to re-apply.  We encountered a few "tubers" along the way, but everyone was having fun and behaving themselves.  I will definitely be back to do this again.
5	My family and I went kayaking for 2 hours here. Looked all over and there were places for $150 per person and didn't look so good. We found this place that offers a 2 hour trip for $39! Half price on Wednesdays, too! We decided to try it. It was amazing. The staff is really friendly and they give you an orientation to get you going and it's really fun and easy. They can hang on to your keys in an envelope with your name so you don't lose them in the river. They then tell you where to go and give you a laminated map in case you get lost. We're definitely doing this again! Highly recommended!
