4	In April 2012 I tore my ACL. I tried to just let it go (I didn't know) but it persisted. My normal doctor sent me in for an MRI, which came back that the ACL was indeed torn. Off to the Orthpedic folk.Dr Dungy saw me and I must admit, he was quite personable. He doesn't have that holier than though doctor attitude.With that said, I wished he was a little more upfront with what my options were. I'm just a laymen and I don't know what I need. Let me explain - my ACL is torn but it generally doesn't buckle or anything. It is generally constantly tight and thus I don't do any bowling, hiking, or running anymore in fear of hurting it. Because it wasn't causing me any bad discomfort he kind of steered me in the way of physical therapy. However, from what I'm reading if I ever want to do any of the above activities my only real chance is surgery as ACLs never heal. Physical therapy is only good to strengthen the muscles and tissues around the ACL to hold it in place for general activities.So I'm probably looking at surgery.
5	Incredible physician! Dr.Dungy was highly recommended to me by 2 friends. I would not hesitate to recommend him to anyone. I had 2 partial knee replacements 7 weeks apart. I was up and walking within hours after surgery. He has an amazing bedside manner, as does his P.A., Tina. I was way ahead of schedule after surgery and feeling terrific walking really great and superb range of motion until I switched from in home physical therapy to outpatient physical therapy. Unfortunately, in spite of telling them of a past back surgery and the need for caution, they seemed to keep choosing therapy bad for my back causing it to hurt for the first time in years. In addition, my knees that had been almost pain free and quite strong, became more painful and weaker. I went to Dr. Dungy for my 6 week check and I explained what happened. He did back X-rays in office that day. He showed me an issue with my spine, helped expedite me seeing my neurosurgeon by talking to him that day. Within a week I had an MRI and was into see the surgeon. I had very serious back issues that had to have surgery, possibly saving me from paralysis. That surgery was done and my back is great. He is now going to help guide me back to rehab my knees after having to stop my PT. I am very, very, grateful Dr. Dungy listens to his patients and goes up and beyond the call of duty. His staff is friendly and caring, too. The only suggestion I would have is that he hires another wonderful PA. I am not sure if it was just the timing of my surgery but it seems there are too many days that Tina and Dr. Dungy are not available.
5	Dr. Dungy and his staff rock! Everything has been super smooth from my first appt to my full hip replacement today. I'm 36 years old and have been in enormous pain due to avascular narcosis . I would recommend dr. Dungy and his staff to anyone. And he does his surgery at chandler regional who has also impressed me every step along the way. Go with Dungy and you won't be sorry!
1	Took my mother to him for a fractured wrist. He said he wasn't sure if it was fractured and to come back in two weeks. Went to another doctor and it was fractured and they put a hard cast on it. We were sent there by Sante Rehab Center. Maybe they are in cahoots??
