5	I can't help but agree with Shari G.  This place is great! As a sushi lover, I was thrilled to have a new sushi place on my block... however, like Shari G., i was a bit skeptical about the new place because the previous establishment was a tad bit sketchy (not a place I'd order food from). This place has been totally renovated and has delicious food.My favorite roll is the Spicy Girl.  The Summer Roll is also delicious! The people are extremely friendly and price is right!
5	Wow. I just got by food delivered. Twice. The first time, all my food was there (large egg drop, small wonton soup, edamame, fried rice, egg rolls), but one of the soup containers (small wonton) had broken in the bag. The delivery man told me that he would go get another one. I thought he was joking. I ate my food, good portions, very tasty, and didn't think anything of it. The wonton soup was only a couple of dollars. I get a phone call 30 minutes later, from the same deliver man, saying he had my soup. I couldn't believe it. And he refused an additional tip. This place gets five stars for awesome service and really good food.
1	We've been trying to find good Chinese food in Pittsburgh forever and trusted the reviews on Zen's only to be disappointed once again. We ordered delivery, which arrived 30 minutes late. Thankfully, before eating it, I cut some up for my 1 year old. This allowed me to see the raw/under cooked chicken! Both the sesame and general tso chicken. My California roll was HOT from being packaged with my meal. We decided to call gh and not risk eating anything. Zen's wound up calling us, and tried to tell us that they cut the chicken bigger than normal, and that's why it was under cooked. That may be, but from my time in the food industry, I know that everything leaving a kitchen should be temped before serving. Raw chicken can kill someone and shut down a business. They also told me that their California rolls were meant to be served hot.  What we did taste (some sauce, the egg roll, a bite of rice) was mediocre at best, so needless to say, our search for good Chinese in the Burgh continues.
3	We got delivery from this place through grubhub.com. Delivery was much quicker than expected. The spring rolls and chicken egg roll were very nice (the fried items we ordered, in other words, were the best part). The chicken fried rice was fine, acceptable but nothing special. The sushi (I think it was crab and avocado) was mostly fine but the rice had a bit of an overcooked, sticky texture. The tempura-fried ice cream, as a delivered item, was kind of hopeless and mushy. I had requested no mushrooms, in writing, on the order, but there still were mushrooms in the cashew chicken, but thankfully none in the chicken lo mein. Both the chicken lo mein and the cashew chicken left a lot to be desired. Tons of murky, brown, salty sauce on both of those last two. Everything was edible but especially based on those last two items (the main-dish items), I can't say I was impressed. However they have good prices, so we might try them again.
2	First off, we came home to a menu sticking from the door crack, skimmed through it and was instantly attracted to the free delivery service. The menu was extensive ranging from sushi to the typical chinese foods.  I noticed the nicely priced lunch menu for only $5.95. We ordered the sesame chicken which came with the 4 pieces of the california roll and the chicken with broccoli from the dinner menu which came with the 4 pieces of california roll and an egg roll.  I was satisfied with the quick delivery service, but the food was another story. Everything was overly sweet.  Especially the sesame chicken. It felt like I was eating packets full of sugar and msg. The california roll was okay...can't really mess up on a california roll.  But all in all, they need to revise their menu and make it simpler for customers to navigate.  I would not order from here again even if I fail to make dinner and it's the only place that offers delivery to my home....we'll see... :P
1	I ordered the sweet potato roll and the chicken tempura. I'm not sure if this was just a poor choice for a meal or if the food in general is bad, but I had three bites of each, sat staring at the poor choice of a meal I had made, and threw away the rest.The chicken tempura was something you would order from in Hienz field. Because this is supposed to be a Chinese restaurant I mean that in the worst way possible. The chicken tempura literally came with a side of onion rings and fried potato chips. by potato chips I mean literal slices of potato that were fried in "tempura". Suffice to say, I would not recommend ordering the food here. There's a ton of chinese restaurants in the area. Don't risk the chance of having a bad meal.
4	Zen has become our go-to spot for take out, delivery, and dine-in Chinese food closer to home. While they also serve sushi, the only sushi that I've tried was a vegetable roll, which was okay, but the rice seemed slightly undercooked. The real quality for us has been the service and the Chinese food. We've had delivery a few times, and our orders have always arrived as-ordered. While that should be the norm, it sadly hasn't been with other places. I even ordered the orange chicken, which isn't technically on the menu, and they always get it right! The chicken & broccoli is really good, and they'll make nearly anything as a tofu dish, if requested. I've ordered orange tofu with no questions asked! Not too shabby!My favorite thing is the scallion pancake appetizer. I'm not sure why more places don't have them on the menu, but they're so yummy. A must-order if you're trying Zen. They even hold up pretty well when delivered!If you're dining in, the space is pretty nice. You can tell it's been recently renovated. It's clean, but when we were in there it was dead, so the vibe seemed a little odd. Fortunately, the service was really good. The people that work at Zen are super nice and, as mentioned before, they'll basically make anything you request. Don't be turned off by the sketchiness from the outside. It's a generally good experience inside!
5	Went there for lunch and the food was pretty standard Chinese food, but the price was great! The sushi was good too, and how can you go wrong with three rolls for $11? I would highly recommend this place for lunch, especially for the price. The interior is nice as well, I'm definitely going to go back for dinner.
4	They have great takeout box dinner yummy And the veggie fried rice is mmmmmm good I love Chinese food
3	I ordered takeout from here. I got an eel roll and a soft shell crab roll. Both were not great and I ended up eating only a few pieces of each and throwing them away. I also got sesame shrimp which was decent.  It was nice to have a slightly healthier option.
4	The food always arrives quickly. The avocado salad is so simple but it's always fresh and my absolute favorite.
1	Called 3 times and waited for 3 hours to get my food. Expensive. Didn't even give a spoon for Miso soup.
5	Ordered from Zen with grub hub and it was a very good experience. Food came in 20mins. Everything was hot and neatly packaged. The shrimp egg roll was really good. Crab Rangoon was awesome and a nice size. California roll was one of the best and a big sized roll. 1st time getting Dragon & Phoenix and it was great shrimp was large as with the chicken. I highly recommend ordering from Zen!! Only complaint is they didn't include forks but I didn't ask so it kinda my fault.
5	Zen has become our favorite BYOB and sushi spot. It is delicious and very reasonably priced. We're usually the only people in the restaurant and I'm hoping to see more people go! The staff is incredibly friendly and kind. I really like supporting this place!
3	Great crab rangoon and they come in a group of 8 so it is a nice price for that amount. The shrimp roll I ordered were just okay nothing really to write home about. We also ordered some chicken fried rice which was the most bland fried rice I have ever eaten. It was basically just unseasoned brown rice with bland chicken. Maybe this will just be my crab rangoon place, but not sure if I will return.
1	Called and placed an order for pickup. Drove all the way to the restaurant and he told me he delivered it to my apartment. No refund. No nothing. Enjoy that tip, buddy.Edit: the driver didnt want to wait at the apartment and we had to BEG HIM to stay in order to avoid going BACK TO THE REATAURANT. when we got back to the apartment the driver almost gave us the wrong order but luckily we checked it. He was also extremely rude and disrespectful to my sister. So like I'd really recommend this place a lotEDIT #2: THEY DIDNT INCLUDE THE CRAB RANGOONS IM SCREAMINGEdit #3: called and they're delivering the crab rangoons. or at least I hope they do delivery and not pick up. Edit #4: I just found a piece of bone in my General Tso's
5	Zen is our go to place for local sushi and Chinese food. Extremely fast and all around awesome. Everyone is very nice and kind. The online ordering is very good as well. Pickup times from them are about 10 minutes, so if you need a fast and healthy bite this is the place to go.
1	I don't understand the good reviews.  This is THE WORST food that I've had in a while. I should have known when I saw the bento box options were mostly American Chinese food. We got chicken teriyaki and another order substitute beef.  The beef was tough!  And flavorless.  Plus there was something in it that looks like it could either be the stem root of an orange...or the eyeball of a small animal.  I'm not gonna look at it again because I'm sure (hope)  it's the former.  Veggies were also flavorless.  We also ordered the Eagle and Angel rolls:  horrible.  The "crunch" in the rolls were like stale bread crumbs, so the rolls were soggy and gross.I really hope that this review is published because, for some odd reason, most of the negative reviews are hidden.  Don't eat here.
