5	Dr.  Young and his staff have everything my wife and I look for in a pediatric doctor for our 18 month old son.  Everyone we saw was pleasant, patient and caring!  The one particular aspect that we liked was the fact that Dr.  Young always has shown confidence in every approach in treating our son.  His last pediatrician would leave you guessing at times if he indeed knew the treatment/advice he was the best.  Toss in fantastic later office hours and a convenient location near our home, and we have a winner!  It is never fun looking for the perfect pediatrician, but Dr. Young put an end to our search after just one visit!
5	I thought I had a great pediatrician until I was referred to Dr Young by a friend. He is by far the best pediatrician I've taken my children to( I have 4). He is extremely knowledgable, caring and always available to answer any questions or concerns we may have. Their hours are great and so is the office staff! Highly recommend if you are looking for a Dr. that loves his job and truly cares about the health of your child.
5	Without a doubt we are extremely loyal to Dr. Young.  As first parents my wife and I spent a few months looking for our first Pediatrician.  We interviewed and interviewed around town and we were disappointed after multiple visits with the different physicians.  So why did we decide on Young AZ Peds?  Dr. Young is a very honest and confident Doctor.  He listens to our concerns, he provides his opinion on subjects we want clarity on and makes sure we ultimately make the best decision.  He is transparent on how he will work with you and I believe he breaks the barriers of Medical diction to ensure you understand what is happening throughout your child's development. We had the misfortune to have a very difficult delivery resulting in my child to have a very complicated start to life and I can sincerely say that Doctor Young was extremely supportive with us as we battled the difficulties and onset of complications that we experienced with our little girl.  He was very much involved with the physicians involved in my daughters case and helped us.  (Thank you)Today my daughter is much better and is advancing past every milestone and she always loves to see her Doctor.  Can't say the same for his nurses who poke her on occasion :)  but we are truly thankful to have such a great Doctor and team who are very understanding of our needs and most importantly can care for our daughter consistently!
5	Dr Young is an amazing pediatrician. he is professional,  honest, opened and very knowledgeable. I have 4 kids and I have been through several pediatricians, but Dr Young top them all. I consider myself lucky to find him. He doesn't rush you through, he patiently answers all the question I may have in the way that I understand and it makes sense to me. The office staff is understanding and very nice. If they cant answer your question they make sure that someone will in a matter of minutes.Very professional place, DR. YOUNG IS MY PEDIATRICIAN.
