1	Very,very bad! Did not show for the first appointment. They canceled the second appointment at 8pm the night before. They were 1 1/2 hrs. late for the 3rd appointment. Then, I had living social voucher for 2hr cleaning with 2 people, after 1 hour they said they were done. I still had dust everywhere, the bathrooms were not clean and the kitchen wasn't even touched. Very unprofessional!!
2	Very strange cleaning experience...  They were 30 min late and  they showed up with an old vacuum and a basket of regular old cleaning supplies less than I have here at  my home.  I had bought a GROUPON  for 2  2 hour cleaning sessions and they did almost 2 hours, the bathrooms seemed semi clean, they did not dust as promised, the mirrors terrible untouched, and they left in a rush?? not even sure they mopped, looks like spot clean. I still have another session, but why? they are will only rush the job. They seemed more worried about their tip??
1	Don't Waste Your Time.  I gave this company a try as the house cleaning company that I used for 5 years went out of business (owner retired).  I bought a Groupon coupon for 2 different cleaning sessions (price of coupon not that great....so should have expected better company).  I made an appointment for Nov. 13th at 9 AM, and made this appointment over 4 weeks previous.  Should have been suspicious when the person answering the phone was answering while driving.  I emphasized that I had relatives coming from out of town and any day of the week Nov 12 thru 16th would be fine.  She finally called me back and gave me the date and time she had chosen.  I told her to please call the day before to verify the appointment.  No call by mid-morning, so I called the office number, got a recording and left a message to call me.  No call.  I called again at 4:30 PM, left another message.  No call.  At 7:21 PM I received a call from a 928 area code number and the young lady said they had to cancel the appointment as there had been a problem with "their bookings."  She did say they might be able to come next week, but she was very sorry.  After pleading my case, she said she was sorry (and very apologetic) but no way could they come this week.  She did tell me to have a wonderful evening??Of course I called the office again, and said I would be posting as many reviews online as possible.  I also cancelled the Groupon coupon and asked for a refund.  Maybe this is one of the reasons Groupon stock is droping like a heavy rock!!  It would help their customers if they checked out the businesses they allow to use their service. Don't know if this company is just poorly run or is a SCAM.  Guess time and other users will tell.
1	My review is basically a repeat of the others. I got a LivingSocial deal as a gift from a friend, and had a bad experience. They cancelled my first appointment at the last minute due to an emergency, which I totally understand. Then the second appointment they were late for, which I also understand, you never know when someone hits traffic or whatever, so that's fine. However, they were supposed to clean for 2 hours and they only cleaned for 1, and they didn't move a single piece of furniture in the house to clean behind it. They rushed out of the house so quickly that the floors were still wet when they peeled out. Very unprofessional, I would not recommend them.
1	Very poor service. They showed up about 15 minutes late and were done in less than 2 and half of the three hour session I payed for. The windows were not done and they told me that I got a basic cleaning which didn't include windows( a bold-faced lie). After further examination, I found a ton of uncleaned areas and the ones that were cleaned could've been done better by my son if  I bribed him with a Skylander toy(he's 6).  I attempted to call the office to dispute this and was told they'd address it and call me back, which never happened. I wish I could give this place negative stars. Really crappy experience.
1	I should have listened to the other reviewers but I thought I would give them the benefit of the doubt. I bought the Groupon and scheduled a time for them to come out, got a call a 30 minutes before they were supposed to be there saying the housekeeper quit suddenly. I mentioned the other poor reviews I have read on Yelp about their company and she agreed with me that the company was having problems. The girl on the phone seemed genuinely empathetic and I was able to get a full refund through Groupon. So frustrating but I guess I shouldn't be surprised given the other reviews. My advice? Read the writing on the wall and don't even bother with this company, sometimes a deal really is too good to be true.
