5	I'm a fitness instructor and get a massage on a regular basis, from many different spas and establishments.  Although I was referred by a friend to this particular practitioner.  Even though I normally get a massage from a female, I thought I would give Tony a try.  Tony was very professional, attended to all my concerned areas and very knowledgeable.  At first glance he intimidated me because before me was a big built individual who looked like he belonged in the bodybuilding Olympics.  He was very approachable, full of useful information.  Tony gave me a full analysis/regiment of what to do for the next couple days and tips to help my troubled areas along with some really awesome smoothie recipes.  In a nutshell I will definitely promote this guy to everyone i know needing an awesome massage!
4	Because my awesome massage therapist Kevin is booked and I needed a massage pronto, I was able to schedule one with Tony.  Tony's massage studio is located inside Body Spa, in the same square as Smiths on Horizon Ridge Pkwy and Eastern Ave.I requested for deep tissue and trigger point, and that is what I got.  I think I fell asleep for a moment because the massage was pretty good.  Currently, Tony is offering a Yelp Deal, $39 for $59, which is a great deal.  I will keep Tony on my list of massage therapist to book when I can't get one with Kevin.
5	I've been to several massage spas in Las Vegas, Max Relax Massage is by far the best. Tony was amazing. He has incredible hands and technique! The Best Las Vegas Massage available! :)
5	WOWZATony is the man! I feel so much better. I can move my arms. I had done a boxing and crossfit class and could not move. I needed to do something about so that I can work out again. I looked on Yelp and found that he was available and immediately made the reservation online. I am glad I did because he was completely booked after that. Before the massage I let him do his thing. I told him to focus on whatever he thinks needs to be worked on. He did and I fell asleep LOL I never fell asleep in any of my massages so that tells you a lot. He has good hands and would recommend him to anyone that needs a massage.
5	The best massage I've ever had.My pain went way the next day ,I move my arms better.Tony is very professional ,knowledgeable and I hilly  recommend  his services  to everyone! Great job and very reasonable price!
5	Best massage. Very relaxed setting and the best technique. My back pain went away immediately. Would definitely recommend coming here.
5	Tony is awesome. Kinda quiet but his attention to his craft was very refreshing. Some therapists you have to be careful because they leave you a little breezy when they start on the lower body.  None of this with Tony, his wrapping techniques are impeccable. Time seemed to stand still. My back was mad sore and he worked out just about all the kinks. Thank you so much! I will definitely be booking more appointments.
5	Recently moved from PA and in desperate need of a therapeutic massage I turned to Groupon & Yelp to find Tony.  He is spectacular!  I have had many different types of massages, Swedish, Hot Stone, Huna etc, and by far he exceeded my expectations!  I appreciate the time & care he took to explain problematic areas and various muscle group.  He is by far the most knowledgeable and  professional masseuse.He took all the stress & soreness of moving cross country.  I whole hardheartedly recommend him - you will NOT be disappointed!  Thank you Tony, I will book my next appointment soon!
5	Tony made me feel comfortable . Nothing but a great massage.  I hate when you go for a massage to be hounded on product. I tend to be very tense and I left  relaxed and pain free.  Easy to make an appointment online. Great value. You can't go wrong with Tony. I will return.
5	First massage with Tony. He was awesome.  I booked a 2 hour massage and he focused on the areas I needed him to. Reasonably priced too
5	I recently moved to Las Vegas and was dealing with the aches and pains brought on by a long drive and too many moving boxes--and all the other tensions moving brings. I am so glad that Yelp led me to Tony. I've had other massages to alleviate stress and soreness before, but this was certainly the most effective. Tony is knowledgeable and professional. It helps that his rates are also very reasonable too. His studio is located within a larger salon, and the environment was tranquil and pleasant. I will go back!
5	Had my first visit with Tony and he didn't disappoint. Booked him for an hour and he has an amazing first client special. I made the appointment from his website on-line very easy. Got email confirmation and reminders.First I was late and he was waiting for me up front and didn't mention a thing. Great impression for my first time. The room was also very clean and calm. Great energy from Tony and the room. I also like that his music wasn't the normal spa music he had some different choices which I enjoyed. I get tired of hearing running waterfalls or babbling brooks.  He asked me if I had any areas I wanted to focus on and if we were going to do full body.  I went with full body and he told me to let him know if I needed pressure adjustment. It had been a few months since I'd gotten around to getting a massage and Tony knew it. He knew just where to apply more or less pressure and all the areas I needed worked on the most. The hour flew by.He told me I would be a bit sore tomorrow and that my arms and legs where like concrete lol. I liked that he forewarned me but I already knew I was going to be sore since I had a tattoo appointment right after.I will be booking an appointment with Tony next month and I think I finally found a great massage therapist in Vegas. Would highly recommend him to anyone, in fact I'm going to gift and hour to my mom.
5	Absolutely amazing! It's clear he knows what he's doing to actually FIX your body. My neck felt like butter after and I even walked better.  I felt like a new person walking out! He also plays cool blues music that was much better than what most people play.
5	Just got back from my first appt with Tony and it won't be my last!!  I can honestly say it was the best massage I have received since I moved here to Henderson.  Making appointments from his website was very easy, the music he plays during the massage is not your typical rain falling or flutes, it was very relaxing and enjoyable to listen to.  He did a great job on my sore, tired, body and he paid special attention to the parts that he could tell were hurting the worst.  I would recommend him and look forward to my next visit.
