4	Ever the bargain hunter, this is one of those places I love to visit whenever the mood strikes me. I love that they have everything from picture frames to comforter sets to toilet paper holders. One thing I noticed that they don't have, though are curtain rods. Other than that, if you have a couple hours for some browsing, I would definitely recommend heading over (although not on a Saturday morning or afternoon, for sanity's sake... unless you're the kind of person who gets off on the crowded shopping malls around the holidays. Then by all means...). However, this is usually not the place to head to if you are looking for something very specific. Typically, this is a little treasure trove of hits and misses, with far more hits than misses. And while you can score some great bargains, there are some higher ticket items that are technically marked down from retail price, that are still a little too steep for me. In general, though, I'm usually like a kid in a candy store, and I end up leaving wanting to show off all my new treasures and brag about how little I spent on them.
5	love this place. in such a good location, right by the highway and super close to my house. my mom julie works here and she loves it so much. always organized and clean inside and out. employees are nice, lines can get long but the wait isnt too bad once you get closer to the front of the line. can get pretty busy on weekends though.
4	When you're in the mood to do anything from redo an entire room, to just find a frame to put a picture in, or grab a bag of doggie wipes to keep your pup clean - this is the place to go.  There are deals galore here and it's easy to see why people grab a shopping cart the minute they enter, since they have resigned themselves to knowing that they aren't getting out of here empty handed.During our wedding planning and purchasing phase we actually snapped up a few cupcake / cake stands from here with coordinating ribbons for a fraction of the price at other places and they were a nice ceramic.  They ended up looking great in the pictures.We have also gotten a handful of frames, cat treats, and even a bag (or two) of Godiva chocolates here before. They always have great kitchen gadgets for a good prices, too.  I can see us returning here shortly without hesitation.
