3	I stopped by Jojo's tonight around 9:15PM to grab a slice of good ol' cheese pizza. I love me some cheese pizza, yessum.The pizza wasn't outstanding & it wasn't terrible either. There was just somethin about the taste that I didn't fancy, probably the sauce.I won't go out of my way to hit Jojo's again, but if you're in a bind and need a slice in the North valley, you might want to give em a shot. They also have a selection of Italian dishes, which I have not tried.
2	Good pizza places that deliver are hard to come by, or maybe I've become a Pizza snob, I'll have to check my wallet for a membership card.  Well this was a recommendation from a friend and we were in the mood for pizza, so we ordered up a House Special.  We were told that it would be 45 minutes before we'd have it, pretty standard and generally this is an under-promise over deliver type thing.  This is where we started off on the wrong foot.  I called an hour later to get a status of the pizza, it was out for delivery.  An hour and 10 minutes after placing the order we had it in our hands.  And I have to say, even if they did deliver on time, I don't think I would be ordering from them anytime soon, it just wasn't all that great, everything was pretty bland.  Order here if you need a pizza and any pizza will do and you have the time to wait.
2	ordered wings with blue cheese delivered to hotel. Maybe I'm picky, but they gave me ranch instead. I can't stand ranch and really craving wings w/blue cheese which is the whole reason we ordered from them. When I called, the guy on the phone was really short with me. The manager was better and did offer to bring the blue cheese, but by then I was in the car driving in search of fast food.Been a really really bad day after months of veggies and lean proteins, stressful job, kids and I wanted a treat... a night to myself with a splurge dinner, a room to myself and HBO. I got curt service, no apology; which is probably what made me hit the roof. A simple "I'm sorry" instead of "what, you want us to deliver blue cheese?" would have been better. By the time the manager called me back; which he did after I hung up since I was tired of being on hold (kudos for him), I was tired, angry and didn't want a damn thing to do with them anymore.I heard the sandwich was good, so go in person, get your own food, but check the order
2	Great location on Pinnacle Peak with no real pizza competition for miles.  Parking is adequate, and seating wasn't too bad during lunch hour.Lunch slice special was par for the course, with 2 slices and drink for around $5.  Sauce was above average and homemade, but everything else was mediocre at best - crust, cheese, toppings.  Service was ok, menu selection is typical pizza/pasta delivery joint menu with a few basics and fried apps.  I wouldn't avoid eating here in the future but I would make a notable effort to find pizza elsewhere if I'm craving a slice.
4	I've been to JoJo's Pizza twice and have been blown away with both the food and the service. The wings are some of the best that I've had and the pizza is fantastic. Both times I've had excellent service and a friendly wait person. The place is always packed, so you know the food is good.Beer runs about $8 a pitcher and there isn't a happy hour.
4	we've been ordering from jojo's for about 6 years. i like the cheese they use here ... very tasty! and the wings ... oh dear, the wings. order them sloppy if you like them with lots of sauce. they deliver to my 'hood, which is rare and appreciated, but truth be told i don't mind picking up my pie because the people working there are always friendly and smart. i should order from jojo's more ... i really should. i kinda forget about them when it is pizza-ordering time, but i shouldn't. there isn't anything unmemorable about this place.
2	Here is the thing about JoJo's, its in a neighbor were you eat at chain joints or you cook at home. It seemed like a safe bet, and who doesn't want to support their neighborhood pizza place?They started off on the wrong foot with me by not accepting their free pizza coupon they had sent me in the mail. I had called before hand and asked if it was valid, was told it was, and then was not given a free pizza. Instead, I was given a discount on another pizza. So, instead of coming home with two, which was the plan, I got one for cheap. I didn't want one for cheap. I wanted two. The food itself is typical. The crust, cheese and toppings are average, sloppy in a bad way. The sauce is a bit to sweet for my liking, but having eaten here twice, has tasted different each time. The service was alright, delivery took about an hour on a Friday. The rest of the menu, aside from the pizza, is what you would imagine. Wings (not remarkable), fried items and some sandwiches. Lets put it this way, if I was at someone's house and they ordered a pie from JoJo's, I would eat it. However, I wouldn't purchase one again myself.
4	I like this place for delivery.  I prefer Times Square Pizzeria a couple of miles away but they don't deliver.  Cheese and crust are good, they use a lot of sauce which I like.  I definitely recommend.
4	Jojo's has been stepping up their game lately...I figured with them u just have to be detailed ...I always get a large well done cheese with 20  sloppy wings ...well done and sloppy are key words here...also their customer service is pretty good.
4	I've always liked this pizza but it's grown on me even more over the past few months.  I love the atmosphere of Times Square down the street, but sometimes there pizza has too much cheese on it and they don't always cook it well done when I ask.  So I've found myself ordering in Jojo's more and more.  I love the taste of the sauce and it has just the right amount of cheese!  They've got great salads too.  The delivery men are always friendly and arrive in a timely manner.
5	I have been to jojo's many times and it is my choice for great pizza on the northwest side.   The pizza is fresh and consistently good. Reminds me of my pizzeria that I owned back in NJ.  I have had the salads, chicken parm, eggplant parm and it's all good. The food comes out quick considering they are usually busy and the staff is knowledgable and attentive. Even though I pass two other pizza places on my way to JOJO's ....it's worth it. I give JOJO"s    8 pizza dough's outta 10 .....
5	I over heard a coworker talking about this place and gave it a shot with my BF today! It's was all around great. The service was fast with no fluff and the food was great. Homemade clam chowder and pizza with a drink for under 6 bucks. Their pizza was better than ray's and their pizza-cookie dessert was divine. I'll be back and telling all my friends.
5	We live just down the road and tried this place out. It's bar/ restaurant with a very casual atmosphere.  It's fantastic!  We especially love the Stromboli and calzones.  Also the cookie dessert.  the wait staff is always friendly.  We go here whenever we can!
5	I love JoJo's. I've made it a regular eat. The food is amazing and they have the best wings I've ever tasted. The pizza-cookie is also GREAT!!!
5	Very friendly staff and great food!
5	A great owner operated pizza place that is the anti-chain.  Jim the owner knows his customers, he hires local kids, and he serves great food.  If you're in the neighborhood this is a must eat.
4	I'm on a low carb diet right now, so I had to pass on the pizza, unfortunately.  I was expecting to order a house salad with chicken.  When I told the server my diet limitations, she suggested a side of meatballs for about $4.  It was perfect.  I had the smallest bill at the table, and the meatballs were homemade and plenty tasty.
4	Popped in here mid-afternoon when i was in the area.  It's a nice, casual, locally-owned pizza joint.  They have a number of tvs to catch a game, but only half of them are flat screen.  Music is fairly loud for a restaurant.They have tasty thin crust pizza, and they will serve by the slice for just a couple bucks.Basic beer and wine selection, but they do have blue moon & sam adams on tap.Friendly service and pretty good prices.  Would be a good place to go catch a game or have dinner with the family.
4	I came here with my boyfriend on a super lazy Sunday afternoon since I wanted pizza more than anything. We got a pizza topped with meatballs and sausage. I liked the sausage, but I think there could have been a few more meatballs. We also got the french fries as an app. They were crispy and delicious!The service was pretty good, we got refills pretty quickly and the food came fast. It wasn't too busy, but it also was a weird time to eat. The ambiance is just a little hole in the wall-tables and booths with some pictures of people I did not recognize on the wall. I would probably come back!
5	Great food love the pizza friendly staff and fast food delivery what more do you need
5	This is the only place in Maricopa County that I have found to get a great Stromboli. I am not sure why the other spots cannot get it right. Anyway, I live a good 20 minutes away and will still drive to Jojo's for a stromboli. They just have it down so that it is perfect every time.
1	I have been going here for years. LOVE the food. Problem; on our order made this week (delivery pizza & wings) our entire family AND extended family got food poisoning. (there is no way it was a bug, only people affected were those who ate chicken wings)
5	We love this place!  Great food and the staff is friendly!  I had to write a review because all the reviews are about their pizza. Now don't get me wrong, their pizza is tasty.  But their Stromboli and calzones are amazing!  It's why I go there.  That and their cookizza.  Holy cow, it is mouthwatering goodness every time we eat it!  If you came and didn't think the pizza was all that, you have to at least give these options a go!
4	This is my go to pizza place. I was advised by my uncle after moving to the area that this was THE place for pizza in my hood. He was right. The pizza is yummy, calzones are amazing and the salads are delicious! This is a great place to go for pie!
4	Great Place! Jojo's is the best pizza in the area and they deliver!!!!
5	Best NY style pizza in the valley. You can order it by the slice with any toppings. This is the only place I eat chicken wings at because they are crispy and aren't those extra large chicken legs you get elsewhere. Get a Buffalo Chicken Calzone with no ricotta. It's my favorite.
5	Enjoy the chicken alfredo pizza !!!
4	good pizza. even better drinks. better service. cool place to hang out on weekends with some buddies.
5	This is our new favorite pizza place.  We love their sausage pizza, we like that it is crumbles instead of huge chunks of sausage.  We've also their garlic knots a few times and they are great as well.  They both reheat in the oven great the next day!  We fight over the leftovers!
4	very good pizza, great customer service but the Oktoberfest was stale! how could they neglect such a good beer like that. it is for this reason that I'm not giving five stars. my buddy and I went and it was a very nice crowd. super good crust
5	We have only had Jojo's pizza from take out, we have never eaten in the restaurant.  However, every single time we order pizza from this restaurant it is consistently delicious!  The white pizza is amazing if you love garlic, and the crust is thin and crispy with a nice chew.  The red sauce is also delicious.  We duke it out for leftovers the next day!  More expensive than a quick weeknight Little Caesar's run to be sure, but the quality and flavor make the price worth it.
5	We have been eating at Jo Jo's for 7 years. By far one if the best Pizza's in the Phoenix area. We usually do take out and if its late a delivery they never disappoint!
5	Awesome family place great staff! I ordered two pizzas and the waiter brought it to my attention how I could make it cheaper by getting a larger pizza and half and half it. Who does that? A restaurant whose customers are their priority. Awesome service and GREAT pizza.
3	I read the review on the calzone and ordered one as a delivery. They were nice on the phone, but very rushed. The taste was ok, nothing special. The price for that and wings, including delivery, was almost $24.00. Then with the tip it was almost $30.00. It seems very expensive for food that was ok, not the best. Based on the price and taste will probably not go back.
4	Pizza is...okay, but then again I find 99.9% of pizza in this state completely inedible, being a New York pizza snob. So the fact it's okay translates to "it's amazing" by Arizona standards. The stromboli however is PHENOMENAL. Crispy outside, moist inside, fresh meats and mountains of cheese. Perfect every time. Very friendly and fast service as well.
4	My Fiance and I love going to Jojos. We love the atmosphere, it's always clean, the service is good and I really like that they don't act fake, they act like real people. And HOT DAMN THOSE WINGS. No one makes wings like Jojos!! Pizza is also great, way better then those stupid trying to be fancy pizza places that are all over the place now-a-days. I always recommend Jojo's to my friends.
1	Everything was great until I opened up the strawberry jam from the cheesecake to find mold.Pretty disappointing they would let that go out of the kitchen
4	Being a family of NY pizza snobs, we have struggled to find decent pizza delivery in Phoenix. At our previous address, we found Lucky's Pizza and Il Primo's, which were good alternatives to the national pizza chains, which I loathe.Moving to our new place, we've struggled even more to find something edible for delivery. At first, we tried Brother's, which was atrocious for pizza. The sauce was decent, but the crust was always soggy, and the service left something to be desired.Fast forward to a friend mentioning Jojo's, which I wasn't aware of. I will say that we have a new pizza joint to stick with. I wouldn't come close to comparing this to actual NY pizza, but for a snob, it fits the bill when you want good pizza. The crust is always crispy and the service has been outstanding. If they would only spice up the sauce a bit more, and not be so on the sweeter side, I would give this 5 stars.A standard order for us has to include the white pizza. Theirs is awesome. The balance of olive oil, garlic, ricotta, and mozzarella cheeses is phenomenal.
4	Great food, got the pizza, wings and Stromboli for a big group. Garlic knots are great too.  Everyone was very happy. Stromboli took forever but they discounted our ticket. Stromboli was worth the wait.
2	Called ahead. Dozen wings to go. Sure 10 minutes. Show up in 20 minutes. Oh they will be up in 5 minutes. Why? We like them to be hot out the door. That will be $8.53. Okay. Wings come up 10 wings. We ordered a dozen. Oh they don't come that way.  So why didn't you tell me these things when I called.
