5	The sandwiches, coffee, salads and sides are amazing.  This is the first time I have ever had chicken salad mixed with avocado instead of mayonnaise.  It was great.  I have been going 2-3 times a week schedule for lunch, and Kylee always has something new!Go here and eat immediately, and try the quadruple macchiato.
5	WOW -traveling from Chicago home for the holidays and stopped here with a friend for breakfast.  It was so good I made sure I caught them on way back west a week later.  The breakfast sandwiches are perfect.  Fresh quality ingredients made for the ideal traveling food.  The coffee is delicious to.  Fair priced and an awesome atmosphere.  The workers are creative with recipes and everything is scrumptious.  Couldn't be happier with the friendly customer service.  This was my first yelp review and this nook in the wall gave me the motivation to make it!  If you're looking for a delicious meal and relaxing environment - you can't go wrong choosing curbside.
4	Cute, quaint coffeehouse with delicious sandwiches, amazing yogurt concoctions.  Their sandwiches are stacked high and with the best cuts of meat and vegetables and what not.  They make different sandwiches and menu items daily. I happened upon this place after missing my bus stop one day, and oh boy, it's the best this side of town has to offer.  And the owner has been there every time I've stopped in and is so friendly and helpful.  It's rare to meet an owner who exceeds customer service expectations, but she does.  If I lived on this side of town, and was independently wealthy, I'd go there every.single.day.It's more business folks and affluent types here, so if you're looking for 20-somethings on their laptops, that's not really the type that frequents curbside.  Oh, I've only had their chai lattes, so can't speak to how great the coffee is, but I will update this once I try the coffee.
5	LOVE this adorable little coffeehouse! The drinks are delicious and the salad/sandwich options are divine. If I am in the mood for a yummy, interesting lunch, this is where I go.  Also, the prices are very reasonable for the quality of the food. And definitely try the biscotti!
3	PROS: Good coffee. But not great. Service staff was very friendly.CONS: No complaints really.PARKING: Located in a strip-mall type location. Plenty of parkingAll-in-all, the options for good coffee in that area are limited. So if you cannot ingest Starbucks' burnt coffee, Curbside works just fine.
5	One of the best sandwich places in the surrounding 100 miles, hands down. Literally everything is fresh, delicious, and has a wonderful homemade feeling to it.The atmosphere is fantastic. Its owned and operated by one of the most vibrant and excited individuals I've met. Highly recommended!
4	Great locally owned business, where the owners know your name and order. Workers were friendly, pastries were made on site and were fresh and delicious. Good coffee, too.
3	Unique and creative food choices. Sandwiches are pretty good. Coffee is nothing special. Service is inconsistent. Prices are pretty high and sometimes a mystery to find. Parking is a problem at busy times. Great for fresh food options in the area. Soups are generally solid. Greek yogurt parfaits are a nice breakfast treat. Seems to have a solid, loyal customer base.
5	I absolutely love having this coffeehouse in my neighborhood.  The employees and owner are so nice and welcoming.  This place is so much more than just a coffeehouse.  They offer some of the best sandwiches I've ever had.  My dad and I always look forward to one of their delicious creations after a run.
5	Excellent coffee. Big selection of tasty food both hot and cold. Unbelievably nice staff. I wish I could pick it up and put it next to my house.
5	AWESOME, fresh, tasty tidbits. My 5yo daughter had a colorful, tasty fruit cup and the perpetual date had a chicken salad with dried cranberries. The mango smoothie with greens was... well, green but tasted like it was whatever color it could have, should have been. As mentioned by one of the proprietresses, ya don't taste the green... so yinz getting all the goodness whilst still taking your main flavors.
