3	Looks a little shady on the outside, but they're got plenty going for them on the inside.  They have the traditional chinese food menu, but also an extensive sushi menu AND sunday dim sum that is so great.  A real treat to live so near to this place.
3	Dim Sum is a go. I have gone specifically for it several times now.  Pacific ring has a dim but comfortable interior and seems to draw a regular crowd though I have been a few times when the place was mostly quiet. I recommend the chicken sticky rice and leek dumplings. Service is very quick and prices are reasonable. It's a casual place to eat and I don't know if it would be the place I'd take someone I was trying to impress, but I'm glad of its location and mood for where it's located.
4	I love this place. I walked past it for a year before I went in because of the weird entry. The owners are very nice, the sushi is top notch, and the custard buns from the dim sum menu always make my meal complete.
3	Went for dim sum on a lazy Sunday.  The inside of the restaurant is a lot bigger than it appears from the outside.  There was maybe one other table occupied in the whole place, but on to the food... the dishes were decent.  Nothing compared to Chinatown dim sum, but tasty.  I liked that they brought the dim sum choices around on rolling carts too.
5	I've never had bad food from here, via dine in or delivery. I'm not a sushi-eater, so I can't speak to that. I want to order a giant soup bowl of their garlicky hot dipping sauce and eat it with a spoon.
3	Let me say up front that my food was great, so the missing two stars have little to do with that.Pacific Ring (did they mean Pacific Rim?) is an attempt to do Japanese and Chinese simultaneously, with some Thai thrown in for good measure.The bad news...Not the worst idea in the world, but as often happens with that strategy, the menu is way way way too long.  It worries me when menus are that long at an independently-owned operation like this because the odds that the hundreds of ingredients necessary to cover all the dishes are fresh and at their best every day, are slim to none.  As a vegetarian, I'm slightly less concerned since I'm not spending top dollar on what may not be the freshest fish or beef or chicken.  But I still care about my carnivorous friends :-)  Also, while some of the Japanese salads and noodle dishes seem fine, they're attempting sushi too, which makes little sense.  If I want to consume raw fish, I'm going to go somewhere which sole laser-like focus is on the preparation of raw fish.  Especially if I'm in an inland city like Pittsburgh.  At Pacific Ring, sushi seems completely out of place.Like the menu, the place is just too big.  Granted, I ate there on a Tuesday evening during Pittsburgh's worst snowfall in decades.  But restaurants are always going to have more slow-going weekday evenings, and it's just not good advertising to be serving diners in a huge, fairly empty restaurant.  Better to err on the side of small and pack them in every night, I think.The good news...My ma po tofu was excellent.  Without requesting it, my tofu was steamed, not fried.  Very little grease in either that or my hot & sour soup.  There is likely some MSG here, but I'm sure they'd leave it out if asked.  The waitstaff was prompt and friendly.  Despite the size of the place, the design is pleasing and the lighting is good.  Great location along the Murray strip in Squirrel Hill N.  And the prices are, for the most part, very reasonable.I would eat here again, but I'd be weary of meat/seafood items, and I'm not sure that I'd invite anyone but close friends who don't need to be impressed to dine with me.
2	I used to eat dim sum in New York's Chinatown and in heavily Chinese neighborhoods in Queens, NY, so I have pretty high expectations.  This place can't compare with my old haunts.  But based on the fairly positive reactions of my friends, who aren't as familiar with dim sum, this place is okay by Pittsburgh standards.The dumpling wrappers on the vegetable dumplings were gummy, and popped right open when I picked the dumplings up.  The "rice crepes" were also a little too jelly-like in texture.  I don't recommend the cilantro crepe, even if you like cilantro.  The crispy crullers are a little better because the the crispness of the cruller contrasts with the gummy rice crepe wrapper, but you're better off just picking off the rice crepe and eating the cruller middle.  My friends especially loved the Shanghai pork dumplings and sticky rice dumplings with chicken.  I couldn't eat those, but if you can, they might be your best bets.  The egg custard tarts were decent, and a nice way to conclude the meal.  The tea, unfortunately, appears to come from tea bags and not loose tea leaves.  Dim sum cart service is only on weekends.  What's more confusing is that only some items are brought around on the cart, while other items must be ordered.  I do miss seeing what all my food options look like before committing to anything.  The service here is pretty pleasant, though, which is a surprise when it comes to getting dim sum.
2	The BF and I were driving from Kansas City to Baltimore and decided that we would stop for dim sum in Pittsburgh for lunch on Day 2 of our drive.  Found it via Yelp, it's a little drive off the highway and thanks to GPS, we were able to get there.   Parking is a little tough, especially with a large truck and a trailer, but we managed to take over two spots at the grocery store across the street.We were there on a Sunday around 1:00, so I figured the dim sum crowd would be hopping.  Sadly, it wasn't so.   It wasn't empty, but it was lively or bustling as I would hope on a Sunday afternoon.I got past that and moved on to the dim sum carts -- which were rather minimal.  I'm used enjoying cart upon cart of dumpling offerings.  We were able to sample two types of dumplings and ordered some crab rangoons, nothing else really looked appetizing.  The dumplings were not so good either.  I agree with another reviewer that the dumpling wrappers were quite gummy and not at all delicate.  We had a little trouble picking them up as the fillings fell out of the wrappers.All in all, I was disappointed as this was my first glimpse into Pittsburgh.  You have a beautiful city and I look forward to really visiting sometime, but I won't make the trip to eat here again.
4	Decent food and reasonable price for dim sum. Since there isn't a great dim sum place in Pittsburgh. I would say Pacific Ring is good enough.
3	We got some takeout from here last week, since it's just down the block.  We ordered from Campusfood, and then put in the comments section "We have a 20% off coupon!" which was on Pacific Ring's website.  This was, in retrospect, kind of stupid of us - within 15 minutes we got a call from the restaurant saying that they can't honor coupons when you order from Campusfood.  Apparently Campusfood charges Pacific Ring 10% of every order total - the price they pay for using the service, I suppose.  Anyway, since they're already paying 10% to Campusfood, they don't honor coupons on top of that.  If you want to use coupons - order direct from the restaurant.  That made sense, and I apologized - the lady said she'd still give us 10% off anyway though, which was nice of her!The food was ready when they said it would be, and we came back home with our chicken fried rice and Singapore-style rice noodles.  I was immediately jealous of my boyfriend's chicken fried rice, and immediately asked "we're sharing, right??" before taking a huge heapful of it onto my plate.  I love chicken fried rice so darn much.  Pacific Ring does a nice job of it, and by that it means it is exactly what you'd expect - the same fried rice you can get anywhere.  Which means it's really tasty.  Because fried rice is awesome.  No new twist.  Just yumminess.  I was somewhat underwhelmed by my noodle dish.  It wasn't very seasoned - just noodles with some chicken and shrimp with a vague hint of curry flavor.  There wasn't really a sauce to the dish - seemed more like they'd sprinkled curry powder on the noodles.  Tasted fine, I guess, but not as good as I'd hoped.We'd order again - it's convenient and pretty standard stuff. Just what you'd expect from Chinese takeout.
3	I probably would have rated this higher had I not discovered Little Asia and Rose Tea cafe.  However, since I have, I would say this place is okay only.  The Chinese food is decent and it is probably better suited for big groups than Rose Tea or Little Asia.  However, the food is not as good as Rose Tea or Little Asia either.  The food can run on the bland side.  I only remember really liking their Spinach Soup with Thousand year old eggs.  They are interesting enough to serve dim sum any time you want but I have definitely had better dim sum.  Then again, I might be spoiled by the Bay Area dim sum scene :-D
2	I was really happy to find a dim sum place but their food is just expensive and bad.  Their decor is just old and dirty.  Their food made my daughter so sick.  We only had dim sum that day so it must have been their food.  Why would anyone eat sushi in this place?  We did not order their sushi.  The place looks dirty, how can their sushi be fresh and clean?  It's raw.  At least with Chinese food, it's cooked.  Chinese people from the area is just happy to have some Chinese food.  They can do so much better.
