5	This is my FAVORITE Starbucks! The people are great! Management is great! Love this place!
2	Terrible service! The cashier was rude and not as friendly as other Starbucks employees. My drink was completely forgotten about; I had to go up and remind them after 30 minutes of waiting. These girls need to be retrained.
5	Fast, friendly, consistent service and drinks... Super fast drive through .
1	I'm been here numerous times and received *okay* service, but this last time it was just terrible! Typically I'm there to meet clients as Starbucks is generally a nice place to do so in a quiet, relaxing atmosphere. Let's start by saying my name is Morgan. Yes Morgan, a unisex name. I am a girl and have known many Morgans both male and female. I've even run across a few unscrupulous business people who question if I am really Morgan (generally for credit cards, banks), however while they sound skeptical and ask more then the typical security questions, never, and I mean never, have I been so horrified and embarrassed as I was in this Starbucks. Nor have I ever met someone quite so ignorant and rude. The other day, I went into the Starbucks with clients and when I handed my card to the cashier, he asked if 'he' was with me. When I replied "he?" the cashier continued to look around us (a group of females) and ask where was "he, Morgan". Apparently 'he' needed to be around to show his ID. My jaw dropped! I replied that I am Morgan to which he looked at me skeptically, sighed, then brashly stated that I needed to show him my ID. Last I knew the appropriate way to handle this situation would have been to politely ask for my ID, not to assume (ignorantly so, mind you) that I am not the person on the card because, well, Morgan must be a male only name! More over, once he knew that I was in fact Morgan, being rude beyond that point was just uncalled for and unprofessional on so many levels. Worst yet, he never apologized, you would think for that much he would have. Nope, nothing. It certainly left a lasting imprint on my clients which had a few (mind you highly embarrassing) chuckles at my expense. Thanks for the laugh. Guess I'll find somewhere else to waste my money.
2	There weren't many people in the store and the service was slow... Like, incredibly slow.
5	Why on earth would I review a Starbucks, right? I mean, lets face it, Starbucks experiences are fairly run of the mill.  Anyone who hasn't had a beverage from Starbucks has probably just crawled out of their bomb shelter because their 30 year supply of freeze dried astronaut food has run out.  Once they get over the shock that the 'big one' never hit and there is no longer a USSR they will quickly have their first Starbucks experience.  But I digress.   I have one reason to leave this review:  the girl that ran drive thru that one time I went knocked my M F'ing socks off.  I don't often do Starbucks, however I am a sucker for one thing: you put the word salted in front of caramel and I am there. Starbucks did just that so there I was, looking for a salted caramel mocha fix before class.  No time, so I chose drive thru where I was greeted by the most chipper voice I have ever encountered.  Now one might think 'well yeah, if I was surrounded by untold amounts of caffeine I too would be perky at work.'  But no my friends, this was a whole new level of happy, whoville had nothing on her, the Grinch would have had no shot stealing cheer from this drive thru, his heart would have exploded.  Her sunny disposition would not have simply defeated the Grinch, it would have made him dead.She commended my salted caramel choice, I felt proud.  She suggested a venti, which is far too much caffeine for me but I could not resist.  She said I deserved it, and I believed her.  She was excited to swipe my credit card, complimented my hair, and handed me my beverage.  I didn't even need that coffee, her personality was infectious, I was ready to Carpe Diem!! or Yolo for the younger crowd.Then someone stole my parking spot at school and that was over, but I still had the coffee and it was good.Either way, that girl, whose name I don't know, that one time I went to this Starbucks knocked my socks off, and for that I thank her.
3	3 stars cause they get my drink right every time, minus 2 stars cause the Wi-Fi is horribly slow, Burger King across the street is 69% faster... did some calculations to figure that out...
1	Been through this drive thru twice.  Both times order was messed up.  And they don't really seem to care. Very frustrating
5	My go to Starbucks almost every morning! Everyone is always so friendly and my drinks are always delish! I'm not sure why other reviews say this drive thru is slow, I'm almost always in and out of there, considering it's early morning and hello ... It's Starbucks, everyone loves it so of course it's going to be busy. But in my experience it's always been pretty efficient in the drive thru!
2	No longer my favorite Starbucks. Horrible customer service. Received bad service twice in 4 days. Apparently it is so hard to smile. Girl at the drive through really did not seem to care. Decided to go inside for once and they forgot my drink. The girl did not write it down, and seemed more interested in talking with her friend then helping me. Don't see myself coming back.
4	Tried the drive-thru and staff was great, took three different orders in one car! Tried the vanilla macchiato and the Vegetable & Fontiago Breakfast Sandwich.Vanilla Macchiato - So GoodVegetable & Fontiago - Delicious Never knew (now I do) that Starbucks serves a good breakfast.
4	Me "I need that green ice thing, it's the color of pistachio pudding, and I want a large" Starbucks "One venti green tea frappuccino?" Me "yeah that one!" Oh how you understand me Starbucks :) Staff was very friendly here, they have nice seating and outlets for doing a bit of work or reading. I came here on a Sunday and it was pretty busy, only negative was the floors were dirty.
4	A typical Starbucks.  This one has panty of power outlets though and is a great place to study if you are a student looking for free WiFi.
2	I'm honestly not very happy with this location. The service seriously pissed me off. Went through the drive thru, tried to place my order and was interrupted every time with "will that complete your oder" "is that all for you today" ummmm I'll be done when I actually have a chance to stop speaking. I hate hate hate being cut off. Do tou or do you not want me to spend my money here? I only had four drinks btw.
1	One of my least favorite Starbucks anywhere . . . Recently remodeled indoor seating is unattractive and crowded . . . Very few of the baristas here are friendly (there are a couple of great employees, for sure) . . . Heaven help you if you arrive in the morning when there's a line . . .
1	Hey Starbucks Fans,Wanna make sure you waste time in the morning?Wanna experience bad customer service at .....of all places , a Starbucks?It's almost impossible to get bad customer service at a Starbuck's, right?EXCEPT HERE!Oct. 8th, 2014 approximately 5am  and in a rush to get to work.Get my Venti pike through the drive thru.Half way down the road, drink and spit....coffee grounds and tastes like it was burnt.Drive all the way back.Tell them the problem and ask to have it remade.All done without a smile and then,,, and then ...a huddle of about 4-5 barista's form near the drive thru window and I get several hard eyes and especially a long stare from the girl that made my drink.The male barista that remade my drink was unfriendly and unapologetic.He practically threw the drink on the counter and hurriedly walked away I then said: "hey, what about my free drink coupon"? "you know, the one that you give out when an order is screwed up/"The barista said I should be happy because they just remade my drink.I WASN'T HAPPY!He said he would get his manager, AMANDA.If you want someone to put you in a bad mood, just talk to sour puss AMANDA.I don't think she is a real manager, but a supervisor of some sorts.Supposedly this store was operating with no manager that day because MIGUEL had the day off.AMANDA was so sour looking, so unhappy looking and obviously had not been trained properly.I said I wanted my FREE DRINK coupon.She said no.I said: "ummmm, well, what are the free drink coupons for then?"She said they are for when a customer is unhappy with heir drink or order.I informed her I wasn't happy.She said sorry, but we already remade your drink and now that's all they can do.THINK ABOUT IT: you got your drink, it was screwed up....you drove 10 minutes putting me around 35th give or take and then turn around and drive back to 67th....are you going to be happy just to have the drink remade? Ummm isn't that how your drink should have been in the first place?NO!You are only going to be made WHOLE if they compensate for your time, for your gas, for being late to work, for the aggravation, right?SO, IF YOU WANT HORRIBLE, UNFRIENDLY, UNTRAINED STARBUCK BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE....YOU GO TO THE STARBUCKS AT 67TH AND PEORIA IN GLENDALE, AZ.....GUARANTEED TO RUIN YOUR DAY AND LEAVE YOU OUT OF POCKET!
1	Blondie name Andrian is a real peach to talk to late at night when your ordering your drink after a long day.... Reality check, you applied for this job buddy so act like you have some customer service and smile. What a jerk!!!
5	My favorite Starbucks to go to! They're so kind and my favorite sandwich from here is the vegetable and fontiago. It's delish! Recommend this location it's great!
5	This particular Starbucks offers super quick service, delightful employees, and my coffee is outstanding.
