5	They open the doors for you when you walk in.  More polite than most of your ex-boyfriends I'm sure.  Yes, it might feel a little bit like Sorority Rush when you walk in, everyone smiling and at least 5 "Hi!! Welcome to Fox and Hound!!"s...but you'll like it, and dammit, you'll want to pledge the house of Hound.  I'm getting off track.  Fox and Hound has a bar/restaurant feel so you can go for lunch, which is my fav, or for dinner and drinks happy hour style.  For every 5 lunches you buy, you get your 6th one free--what a deal!  Especially since usually you have to buy 20 bagel sandwhiches to get a free dog bagel or something at the place up the street.  Are you following me?The menu is nicely priced, you can fill 'er up for about $10 for lunch and $12-$15 for dinner if youre not having drinks.  American Bar Food is the cuisine--chicken fingers, burgers, salads...the occasional comfort food when they pretend to have an irish pub feel.  We've always had great service there...waitstaff is friendly and the manager always comes by to say hello and be sure things were good.  If youre down near Baseline and Cooper (Stapley), drop in to see our friends at F&H.
3	I'm in the middle of remodeling the house, the kitchen is a disaster, a real meal has not been cooked here in weeks, I drank all the cold Bronsons (beers) in the fridge in anticipation of having actually gotten off my ass this weekend to make the kegerator FULLY OPERATIONAL (say those two words to yourself in the the voice of Emperor Palpatine).Furthermore, it's 12am on a *Sunday* night and I'm thirsty... for beer.   Situation critical;  Fox and the Hound to the rescue.Now where else are you going to find 36 beers on tap, at 12:30 am on a Sunday night.  In the East Valley?  That's whatimtalkinbout.Despite the decidely English name of the place, it does even begin to approach the atmosphere of a real English pub, anymore than a cookie cutter suburban housing development called "Sherwood Forest" approximates its namesake.  Methinks the Fox and Hound is YAF (Yet Another Franchise) but I'm not 100% sure.  On this particular night, there were probably about a dozen people in the joint, a few couples at the bar with the rest playing on the full size billiard tables located on the north and south wings of the pub/restaurant.  A player there told me that the only other places in the East Valley with full sized billiard tables were Lazy Q billiards just down the street on Baseline, and Main Street Billiards in Mesa.There was also a big beer special going on, which is a large pint glass of draft beer for $3, approx 20oz but don't quote me on that.  So I ordered up a XX Lager Especial and settled in for consumption.  The ceilings in the main area are nice and high, which I like, and it's ringed by approx 8 booths, with tables in the middle.  They have at least 10 big-ass flat screen TV all around the place, the rest are good sized CRTs, I counted almost as many TVs in the place as there were beers on tap.  If you're sitting at the bar, you will hurt your neck trying to look up at the big screens overhead,  yer best bet is to try and catch some reverse image television in the back bar mirrors.  But fuck TV, most of the time I only watch it if I'm rolling solo and neglected to bring reading material or something to write on, and bored out of my mind.In addition to all the beers on tap, there is a full bar.  Which normally would have suited the guy seated next to me just fine, only tonight he was taking advantage of the big beer special and ordering an Amber Bock draft.  "This is the first beer I've had in a year and a half..." he announced.  "..and damn does it taste good".   Hallelujah and Amen brotha, good to have you back. Nobody likes a quitter.The music in the place sucked donkey dong, it was some lame pop/top40 tripe.  That  "I kissed a girl and I liked it" song being one of them.   Outside there is a great little gazebo/patio with misters, excellent place to chill outside in the summer.Can't really comment on the crowd as I've only been there twice before and didn't really pay that much attention.  I have not eaten here yet either so the food commentary will have to wait until later.
3	Went to a party here and the place wasn't too bad. It felt similar to a BJ's but with more games and a pool table. Food was good but it was small for a group of 30+. Most of the places to sit were bar stools and high tables. Not the worst, but I've been to better.
2	My date and I thought we would have a late lunch here. Meh. Yes, Emily M., it was nice that they opened the door for us upon our arrival, but that is where the exceptional service ended. Nothing exceptional about the food (nor the food service) here. It was not BAD, it simply was not GOOD either. If you love sports TV, though, this is the place for you! 14 TVs in one area of the bar alone!
4	Nice place. Lovin the two dollar pints all day on tuesday's. Had pool tables, karaoke, ( which they had in a seperate room, thank god), and darts. Lots of televsion and the wings were pretty good. Service was standard, lots of drafts to chose from. The prices for food is a bit high, but with 2.00 pints the beer makes up for it.
2	The sports bar of last resort.  If they didn't have such a great set up of TV's and games I wouldn't be tempted to return...maybe if they let me bring in my own food.  The food is your typical fried, saucy, lack luster bar fare.  I've watched enough games there and ordered enough different items to definitively say that there are no Wolfgang Pucks coming out of that kitchen.
2	My friend and I went here for lunch the other day and it was a very interesting experience.  She was on her lunch break from work so she was in her uniform, a pretty obvious indication that we're going to be in a hurry.  We sit at the bar since it's pretty slow and that way would be able to order right away with the bartender.  She came over and took our drink orders then wandered off to go get them.  While she was doing that a group of about four guys came in and sat a few seats down from us.  They must have been very interested because they caused the bartender to completely forget about us.She dropped off our drinks and rushed over to take their order.  A few minutes later she must have gotten the crazy idea that maybe we wanted something to eat as well so she asked if we wanted some menus.  Um, yeah...thanks for noticing!  She quickly took our order, taking time out in between to find out if the group of guys needed another round.  I'm sorry that it took us all of two minutes to tell you what we wanted to eat, next time we'll try to speed that up for you.Once we finished my friend asked to have her food boxed up to take home.  Now, some restaurants have such great customer service that they actually box it up for you, other offer you different sizes and check to see if you need containers for condiments as well.  Here at the Fox and Hound they throw the box in front of you as they're hurrying to flirt with the group of guys sitting near you.Needless to say we were less than thrilled with our lunch hour experience.  But at least now we know that if we want to have good service next time we just need to make sure that there are absolutely no men in the restaurant to distract the server!
3	I wouldn't have known a thing about this place had I not popped by to catch up with a Meetup.com group for drinks and karaoke. The place was pretty busy considering it was a Tuesday night, and now I know why... It's because of the $2 draft beer special. And they have 36 different beers on tap, so I'm guessing this is incentive enough for frugal Gilbertians to congregate here.Judging from the appetizer I ordered, the food is neither spectacular nor inedible... but it'll do when sucking down discount adult beverages. I ordered the Spicy Chicken Billiard Sticks which is their oddly-named knockoff of Chili's Southwestern Egg Rolls. Even the menu description is cryptic: "Thin potato wraps filled with spicy chicken, black beans, corn, spinach, peppers, onions and melted cheese. Served with poblano sauce for dipping." I like the sound of "poblano sauce", but in all actuality this was ranch dressing.Not a bad venue for karaoke. Crooners, balladeers, and lesser rockstar wannabes get partitioned to one side of the fairly large restaurant floor near a bank of walled-in television monitors. Kudos to the KJ for having P-p-p-pokerface in his repertoire, but boo-hiss for not having Inside Out by Eve6 (even though it was listed in his songbook). I was gonna shred with that little ditty! The crowd was fun... the aforementioned Lady Gaga hit got a lot of attention and the unofficial transgender crowd-pleaser tune of the night (Note: two dudes shouting off-key do not a fetching pop starlet make).The karaoke crowd dynamics did at least allow for at least one baffling moment of the evening, which translated into a pretty good icebreaker. One of the karaoke regulars launched into a rendition of Don't Cry for Me Argentina for the SECOND time that night! I realize (from listening to the KJ announce details earlier) that he was practicing for an upcoming karaoke contest which would involve contestants having to sing at least one randomly selected Madonna hit, but having to listen to this snoozer of a song twice from the same dude violated some unwritten rule of karaoke ethics. As I escaped to the patio, I mentioned the offense to another sleepy-eyed patron.She started back with:  "This song actually hurts my vagina!" I countered: "Hey, this hurts my man-gina! But then, I'm ovulating..."Her: "Well, don't get too close. I don't want to get pregnant and I'm way too fertile."Me: "For whatever it's worth, I'm wearing radar-resistant underwear. So at least that ought to afford some protection."It's moments like these that tell me I may have found a decent place to hang out. Of course, it's really all about the cheap drinks.
1	Poor service, incredibly slow ticket times, two order mess-ups, and a FREEZING cold dining room made for a horrible lunch experience.  Took thirty minutes for our app to come out.  Had to ask for lemons for our tea three times before the waitress remembered to bring them out.  When our lunch entrees arrived, my friend's bacon cheeseburger which she ordered with Swiss cheese (she originally wanted American, which is still listed as an option on the menu but which they no longer carry according to the server) was topped with cheddar instead.  She decided to tough it out until she realized the bun was soaking wet (gross??).  That got sent back.  My other friend's food came ten minutes after the rest of us recieved our entrees due to a kitchen error.  I had the balsalmic dressing with my salad and I highly suggest you stay away from that...tastes like a mess of straight vinegar and peppercorns.  And wear a sweater.  AZ is hot and all, but that doesn't mean the AC needs to be turned down to 40*.
1	Service was ok, except from the inexperienced management. Numerous complaints about the NFL games on the TV. Even though the majority of the customers were there to watch a demographic specific team the manager refused to accomodate  the cries of the consumers to satisfy his own pallet.  I know first hand how difficult it can be to set up a restaurants numerous game day programming but after a few months of walking the floor, talking to people, looking around at what type of crowd is showing up to spend money at your establishment you can get a pretty damn good idea of how to go about it. It is a week by week decision that needs to be taken into account and not something that is pre-set 2 weeks in advance!!! Shame on the inexperienced managers for not having a clue about the demographics interested in spending money here. We should have walked out and gone elsewhere like a large handful of other customers.
2	Nothing spectacular about the food...service was good and the fruity adult beverages/margaritas were tasty. Somehow, between 2 people, we ended up spending close to $50. We thought the waitress was being friendly, but after ordering drinks, it seemed like all she wanted to do was sell us more random crap to get a bigger tip. It was a nice change to see hockey on the big screen...
4	a bit cavernous and broken up, but the black forest sandwich keeps me coming back.  that pretzel bread is fab!  ice tea glasses are too small, causing the staff to come around too often, but I guess the flip side is worse.  good selection of beer and a very wide menu.   I only go for lunch mainly and it is not too loud, but I can see it being packed and loud at night very easily...
4	Great place to come on Tuesday nights! They have a $2 domestic and $2.50 craft beer special.Also karaoke on Tuesday's.The staff is friendly and attractive.Pool is pretty expensive at $9/hr but you can play shuffleboard for free or ping pong for $2.
4	Its just a big bar- plain and simple. I love the chill atmosphere. You can watch a game, play ping pong(for free), play beer pong, darts or pool. It's like going and drinking and playing all the games you would at home, but just in a big bar. Nice variety in beers especially the selection they have on draft. Games and alcohol are the best duo ever so how can i complain? Everything we ate was very tasty as well. good place to get out of the house for awhile to chill and just fuck around- i like.
4	TUESDAYS all drafts and bottles $2.50...fyi
3	The Fox and Hound is a good time, pool, a good beer selection and above average food for a sports bar.
3	Good happy hour *drink* specials, no food specials unil after 10pm (although the food is very good).Our waitress messed up my order, and one of our checks but was extremely apologetic and took care of it right away w/ no arguing.
3	Ive been to F&H on numerous occasions. The night usually goes a little like this..  I walk up to the entrance, I see people smoking outside in a small fence area. I look over and see these groups are starring at me like i just blatantly readjusted myself in public.  I give them one more glance and realize in two hours we all will all be best friends exchanging pointless stories about our days when in reality I couldn't give a flying f*[% about their new kitten they adopted and named Bunbun. But in 2 hours I will thrive and cherish each of their stories and be amazed I never found such intellectual people sooner. Before I get to the door I feel eyes spying on me. I look up to find  one of 17 hostesses peering through the window ready to yank the door open a mere second before I reach for it. (you can't beat them to this..  Ive tried several times, they are good at what they do. Just prepare for this and accept it.) as I step inside my eyes automatically affix to the bar top. I scan up and down the row of seats. As I'm scanning down I see two empty seats. I'm not sure if guy code applies to bar seats like the bathroom urinals (guys.. You know what I'm talking about)..  But I usually just start the night off not giving a...  Because I already aknowledge the fact things are only going to degrade from here anyways. I start with a tall miller light and look up at the game playing on the TV's. I continue my beer almost empty then order some beer battered buffalo chicken tenders with extra ranch. I look into the reflection of my phone to make sure my face isn't suddenly disfigured because she looks at me as if I just asked for an order of wine and chive biscottes. I explain that I am looking to get the beer battered buffalo wings then she calls for backup like I'm speaking a foreign language.  "Hey Lacey! This guy wants beer battered buffalo chicken wings" they say some things, fumble a bit then come back with..  So you want "chicken tenders and ranch?".  I explain again to the both of them. They both tilt their heads to the side. Either this one beer slammed me, and I'm speaking nonsense at this point, or they just don't understand what buffalo wings are.   "so..you want a cheeseburger and a side of buffalo sauce sir?". They do a little further team planning and come up with a solution and I end up with beer battered chicken tenders dry as a bone with no sauce and a side of buffalo sauce. My friend getting the opposite  when we both ordered the same thing except he gets no buffalo sauce and a side of ranch.. I find it to bother me less and less each time because I expect it now.  Their food really is good, and their service is...Did i mention that their food is really good? I look back up at the TV acting real smooth and care free only to realize ive been watching female tennis on the television next to me for the past 30 minutes while everyone eIse is attentively watching the football game. I'm not ashamed to admit that I continued watching it. I think it was the loud grunts that kept my attention. I finish eating, grab another beer and me and the friend approach the ping pong table. You need to go to the hosts stand to get the equipment. It's free. Wait no it's not..  It's a dollar. Nope that was last month. Now it's 9 bucks an hour. Better empty those pockets. Just remember every hour you waste playing you could have fed 27 starving ethiopians for  a month. But in your drunken stooper you chose to dish out the $9 like myself and play pool or ping pong. Shame on you.PS.., beware of the twins...  I thought I was loosing my mind after a few beers seeing one girl cover the whole restaurant in a matter of mere seconds. If you ask  your server for something and she looks at you funny...  it's either because you asked her twin, or you asked for buffalo chicken tenders.Also... if you stay late enough the cops hide and wait for you to leave the parking lot as soon as you turn out. But of course you have a designated driver... right?Overall, the food I have ordered was great.The service was...the food was really good.
4	I have been here twice recently and I think this is my new go-to place. There are other sports bar/happy hour places close by, but they are definitely in a league to themselves, and not in a good way. Unlike the d-bag & biker crowd just a block away, Fox and Hound Pub has a friendly crowd with a great staff. I reviewed the new sports bar down the road and remarked how slow the service was there - Fox and the Hound has an attentive staff that has never left me waiting. I have had the Ranch hand burger and it was excellent. The nachos were something else I have tried - amazing! They have a large selection of beer on tap and craft beers (both domestic and import) that will please any beer drinker. The last two times I have visited I have sat at the bar and had Stefani. She is very friendly, attentive, and good to talk to. I have not been disappointed with the service or the selection here. A definite happy hour must stop.
4	Look. It's a BAR. Let's all calm the bitching and moaning down and take it for what it is...a bar.I go there every Sunday and although there have been mess-ups here and there, the waitresses are willing to fix it, unless there's a new dumb blonde working, then you have to talk REALLY slow...but otherwise, I love it. They have kick ass quesadillas and they taste excellent with a beer. No complaints here.
1	They have a corporate policy to give a two finger foam head on beers. If 2.50 beers seem like a great deal it really isn't as all your getting is 2/3 glass. Find a better bar that fills the glass.
4	My first time at Fox and Hound in the US. Have gone to the one in London and loves it. This place was really good. Great service, tasty food, and reasonable prices. You can eat in the bar or sit sown in the dining room. They also have 3 pool tables which seemed pretty busy. This is a place I will return to!!
4	Great food and service.
1	If you are hungry this place is not for you. My husband and I came in to watch an Angels game and we ordered three different things through out our time here. Nothing was really good and definitely not worth the money. They do have a nice set up as far as their TVs go. The service was good but I would eat before you come.
2	First time here. Wait time on our food was ridiculous. The server brought us free chips and dip because she felt so bad. The most disappointing part was the manager walked over n didn't even talk to us to apologize about the wait. Literally, our food came out like 45 minutes after we ordered it.  Very disappointing.
3	This experience was actually funny. The food was a 5 stars. The service is 2. Lets start with the hostess. Now her primary function is to seat people. However, she actually said "I don't know what table I can seat you in." There were a good 20 tables open. So me being bossy I asked well can we take that one right there and she said she would find out. A server eventually came by and she asked if she could seat that table and they actually laughed and said "I don't see why not." On to the food. The fish and chips are really good. for Arizona... They are as good as you are going to get here! Tarter sauce was good. Cole slaw is completly tasteless...seems to be missing something. Server was ok. She look at me like I was crazy when I asked for malt vinegar for the fish and chips. She didn't know if they had it and would go ask someone... Really? But she brought it and kept our drinks full without us having to ask. I would go back just because I love the fish and chips and want to try other things. I like the atmosphere as well with all the televisions and sports. But service..I will keep an open mind and go when I need a good laugh!
3	I had a groupon so I thought I would give them a second chance. The first time I went the service was non existent and everything took a really long time. This time the service was great and the food was good. The fish and chips are very good and the cookie desert with ice cream is ok. It is someplace I would go again but not at the top of my list.
3	I don't know why I keep coming back... The food is hit or miss and the drinks are pretty over priced for my flavor. I love that they host football game and fight night but apparently so does the rest of Gilbert since they are always packed to the gills with hardly any place to sit. It can be a fun place to go with a group to play pool but if your on your last dime i would say buy a 6-pack and stay home since it's likely with the menu selection and prices for drinks may drain your bank account faster than most would prefer. Service is okay, depends on the place you sit i guess, Ive been ignored at the bar or a table, I guess its the lack of testosterone that has given me an invisible shield the female servers at this place, turns our pregnant women need to eat and spend money at your place too (and we might be better tippers, given the sober factor and all). .
3	A chain restaurant that did not quite have all the ingredients to be a success.  I'm not a fan of the phony chain feel and this place is a good example.  I am not sure if it was previously a TGIF or Applebee's but it has that feel.  I had the fish and chips.  Not bad.  Staff friendly and eager to have you join their loyalty club.  I think they should figure out what they are and do something really well - like smoked wings a instead of fried?  No one is making good wings.
3	Considering how much I like beer, you'd think I'd love this place. However, everything about it is simply mediocre. I've only had two or three things off the menu and they barely reached 'good', the service was blah, and the layout is cold and uncomfortable. The only positives are the billiard tables and dart boards.
4	This is fun restaurant and bar. Food is okay. Sleepy during the day, and it comes alive at night.
1	Over priced bad food
4	We always have a good time here especially during Football season. The Margaritas are huge and taste great. Try the black forest sandwich its served on a pretzel roll its excellent.
4	Fox and Hound is a great place to grab some lunch or get some drinks and hang with friends.
5	Great food and drinks. They show all San Francisco 49er games along with the sound system. Join the Az Niner Faithful group every weekend during football season. Get discounts and special promo's with the All Star card.
5	I'm not sure about the previous review because I feel the chicken tenders are absolutely delicious (with the ranch dressing or the aiolli dressing). The batter used is the same used for the fish fry.  Service:  well, I don't drink at all so I can't speak for the middle section, but every server we have ever had is very attentive.By the way, their salmon dinner is one of the best ever!
4	Don't know what happened....went to dinner there on Thursday 8/29 and returned on  Saturday night 9/1 for drinks.....they've closed their doors!  Anybody know whats up?  :(
1	Unfortunately, the district manager has confirmed that this location was shuttered on Sunday, 9/1/13.  I had just started going here about three weeks ago and the place was starting to grow on me in a weird sort of  way.  The first time I went was for the Tuesday $2 for any draft beer day, and that was pretty good except for the short pour beers which I thought maybe was just a fluke and not an everyday occurence.  Joined their on line club and went back the following week to redeem the free burger coupon you get upon joining.  The server switched my burger with someone elses's and gave us both 1/2 off, so I saved the free burger coupon for next time.  The next (and it turns out the last) time I went was 8/29, because I received a coupon for a $5 burger to celebrate the start of the college football season.  I should have known it was the "beginning of the end" when I walked in about 3:15 pm and nobody was behind the bar, and the North Carolina-South Carolina game that they were hyping for the start of college football season was not on any of the many TV's in the place.  After about 5-10 minutes a bartender appeared and I got my usual short pour draft.  I presented the $5 coupon and ordered a burger which came out way more done than the medium I ordered.  Was too hungry to complain but when the bill came they had applied my free burger credit from the on-line membership  that I was saving instead of the $5 coupon I had presented.  The manager said he couldn't re-load the free burger credit to my card, so he hand wrote a card "good for any sandwich or burger" that I could use on a future visit and commented how instead of getting a $5 burger today, I got a free one and still had a free one coming.  Like I said, this place was starting to grow on me because of all of their rather comical screw-ups.  The last laugh is on them, however, because I guess I have to go to Peoria if I want to redeem my "free sandwich or burger" card.
