4	The Paseo Verde Trail may not be the Grand Canyon. It is a star short of as good as it gets.  Paseo Verde Trail is laid out in the heart of Henderson's Green Valley Ranch community. It travels along the south border of Paseo Verde Parkway from St. Rose Parkway at the west to Valle Verde Parkway at the east.  Going back to 2007, long before Yelping, I have been hiking on the Paseo Verde Trail. My favorite Paseo VerdeTrail hike has been between Green Valley Ranch and the Paseo Verde at Valle Verde Starbuck's. Talk about two awesome trailheads. Fill up at a buffet, loose calories walking, relax with a Frapucino, and loose additional calories.   Hiking on the Paseo Verde Trail leaves me spiritually uplifted and physically improved. It is urban planning as good as it gets. Paseo Verde Parkway, the companion asphalt resembles a windy park drive more than an arterial in the shadow of Interstate 215. A major segment of the trail features two dual right-of-ways that separate bike and pedestrian travel. Lush landscaping is in abundance. This attracts birds and butterflies. Graffiti (kudos to Green Valley Ranch) is nonexistent. This attracts people of all ages to the trail. Throughout the trail there are decorative shade stations. These are enjoyable places to relax on a bench in the shade. A cool feature are their water fountains, regardless that they never work.   Paseo Verde Trail also functions as a linear park that connects the neighborhood parks throughout Green Valley Ranch. It touches the northern boundaries of Discovery and Paseo Verde Parks. In a sense Paseo Verde Trail is a linear extension of these community parks.   Paseo Verde Trail is just one star short of being as good as it gets. It is still Awesome. Paseo Verde Park will certainly join the other awesome parks on my "Vegas Is Sun City" list. With the work that the City is doing on expanding the network of trails in Henderson, Paseo Verde Trail could become as good as it gets.  When the expansion is complete Paseo Verde Trail will be contiguous to an expanded Armogasa Trail near the Paseo Verde Library, and it will merge into the St. Rose Parkway Trail at the westernmost point.
4	Paseo Verde Trail was this week's pick for our weekly walk. Alicia R set this up since she's done the trail plenty of times. Goal was to get at least 6 miles in.  The trail is paved and is between a normal sidewalk and the street.  You'll find all walks of life from kids, teens, middle-aged, and seniors in their prime.  Most are jogging, some bikers, and guys like me that choose to walk.  The trail runs a little over 2 miles from Paseo Verde Park to St Rose Parkway.  This means a good 4 miles there and back.  During this quick trek, you'll pass other parks, the Multigenerational Center, and Green Valley Ranch.  I find trails a lot easier to complete than tracks or side streets.  It also helps to be with a group that's walking or jogging at the same pace with you.  Overall, I don't mind driving 30 minutes from home to get here and knock out 4 miles.  This is a nice quick trail to get some cardio in.  By the way, we did meet our goal of 6 miles by circling a few parks multiple times.  TIP:  Start your hike, walk, or run at Paseo Verde Park since it's slightly uphill to St. Rose Park.  Better get the strenous part done first.  It's all downhill going back.
5	Very nice walking path. Always clean and well manicured! Keep up the great work Henderson!
5	With such great weather most of the year, this is a trail my husband and I enjoy using quite frequently.  This trail goes from Paseo Verde/Valley Verde to where Paseo ends at St. Rose.  It passes many parks as well as the District, Multigenerational Center and the Henderson Pavilion.  It has nice sidewalks with a paved bike path running parallel to it.  The city does a nice job of keeping the landscaping neatly trimmed and green! For those of us with furry friends, there are sporadic pet stations for waste bags and trash.  I feel lucky to have a great trail to use so close to us!
