3	Stopped here for lunch before my flight back to the Big Apple.  It was actually a nice experience.   My server was friendly.   She kept my glass of seltzer full (although it cost $3.49!)Food-wise, my wings were good. Very spicy , but I like that.  I had some burger bites and they were pretty decent too.  However, they suffer from the scourge of all tiny burgers in that they are too easily cooked well done. Overall, this is a decent spot for a bite.  If you're in a hurry,you might want to pass it by, though, as the food took some time to come out.
1	I'm not one to go to Chilis for the service, but the service at this hole is absolutely awful. After being told there is a 15-20 minute wait, we stared at an empty four top that needed to be bussed for over 10 minutes. We also watched as another table say and waited for their waiter (no pun intended) for about the same length of time. This sheer disregard for running an efficient establishment in an airport shows that this chilis has very poor management.
5	I went here today for lunch and i had a grilled chicken platter with broccoli and it was amazing! They even had tablets to keep us occupied. They were quick and the servers were very nice and friendly. I love coming here for lunch and dinner. I look forward to going there again.
3	Expect mediocore airport quality service and food choices. It's been a long time since I've been to Chili's and so I'm not sure if this is what one would normally expect from Chili's nowadays, but I remember my experience being quite different in the past. Service is moderately slow (so don't come if you are in a hurry for your flight). Menu is much more limited than as stated on Yelp. Food is expensive and they are chincy. I got all of 4 pieces of sliced (shouldn't it be shredded?) chicken breast on my nachos and a small dollop of guacamole, each for about $2 extra a piece. Music is irritating and loud. I haven't received the bill yet for my nachos and margarita but I'm thinking $30-35 not including tip. BUT this is in an airport and so considering the alternatives....this isn't bad. (If you look at the other Yelp reviews for McCarran, you'll notice similar low ratings for most of the restaurants). On the bright side, there is a full bar with 4 TVs, they let you stay a long time at your table without hurrying you, the service is not attentive but not neglectful either (I got a nice bowl of salsa when I asked for it), and  the seasoning on the freshly fried tortilla chips is TDF (is that an acceptable and understandable abbreviation?). Margarita is so-so which really sums up my experience here....
4	It's a Chili's.... at an airport.... so obviously I wasn't expecting much, but I'll give 4 stars because I am in a good mood and was pleasantly surprised with the breakfast burrito. It has some tasty breakfast potatoes, which were clearly steak fries seasoned and cut up into bite size pieces.. but hey, they were good! The guacamole was tasty, and included in the price, not extra (looking at you Chipotle). I feel like it was a great, solid breakfast before heading onto a 3 hour flight.
