5	Name Brand Vitamins and Supplements at Wholesale and Internet prices!  After talking with this guy, probably the Owner, I'm guessing he is Independent because he did not have the items I was looking for (in his very well stocked shop) so he said "shoot me an e-mail with the names of the products and I'll order it for you and probably have it in a few days"!  Very friendly and helpful!
4	The business is new and growing, and while he doesn't have everything in stock, he can order what you're looking for.Time will tell if this becomes my "go to" supplement shop, but the owner had a nice product line, and his prices were close to online retailers - which is to say lower than many other shops in Charlotte.The owner was engaging too, and seemed to appreciate customers.I'll be back :)!
5	This shop has been a life saver for me.  I regularly purchase certain items there and the prices are excellent, often lower than the best prices I've found on the Internet, including Amazon.com.  The owner is very knowledgeable and, as in the other comments, if he doesn't have a product, he will certainly get it for you.  The store is clean and well organized.  I enjoy shopping there.  I have recommended this store to several friends.  I will continue to shop there and I'm sure that his business will increase.
5	This store is awesome!  The owner is so helpful and willing to order whatever you need!  The prices are reasonable, and he has a great selection of merchandise in his small store.  They also have kangen water at a great price, and it's even filtered before it goes through the kangen filter.  I will be a regular in no time :)
5	Fantastic selection of workout supplements and prices that are better then what you can get online.  I got the 10ib CSN whey for $60 instead of the 5ib ON 100%  gold whey and its been amazing.  So look around and you may find some better stuff then you usually get for far less.  They also carry a fantastic amount of items, so you can compare them side by side.  That helped me find my now default pre work out and multi vitamin pack.  Plus they are both cheaper then on Amazon.
