4	The full open starts 1/27/14! We popped in today to try it out while they are still working out the kinks! I have to say service was fabulous! We got Misti who was extremely friendly! There was 3 in my party, 2 loved their meal... I am gluten free... so I am fairly limited in what I can eat there... I got the naked wings (no breading) I can't complain because well... what fun is a naked wing!?! Stupid me, next time I will try something else! I guess I figured if they offered it must be good... live & learn :o) I have to mention I LOVE their cups! Nice and big, ok... yea, I'm that weird :o) Glad to see another option in the area and more business in Surprise!
4	We were invited for the soft opening. We were sat immediately which was nice. The Chicken combo with medium, Asiago Parmesan and Strawberry hot. All were really good. The fish fry was really tasty and enjoyable. Meaty beast pizza was exactly what I expected, delicious. Clam Chowder was awful, much like glue, skip this for sure. Staff were friendly. A bit loud but that just tells you I'm old.
4	We enjoyed dinner tonight at the Native New Yorker very much! The restaurant just opened this week so there are some kinks in the service and the kitchen that need to be worked out but boy howdy the food was pretty darn good! It was served at the right temps, our drinks were kept fairly full, and the wait staff was falling all over each other to help. Because there was quite a crowd tonight, service was a bit slow. It took quite a while for our appetizers to come out and when we would ask our server to bring something to us, he would disappear...and only reappear when he had another reason to come back to our table or the others in his station. I realized that what he was trying to do was be efficient in his trips, but he did have a trainee with him who he could have delegated these things to so that we wouldn't be sitting and waiting for extra dressing or ketchup or silverware. It's a kink to be worked out tho.Another issue I noticed was that the kitchen didn't make the dishes to specs. For example, on the menu the kids sliders indicated there would be cheese and pickles on the sliders. There were no pickles. My MILs salad was to include croutons and there were no croutons (and not NEARLY enough dressing either but that's another issue) That having been said...for kids sliders these were AWESOME! They aren't slider size tho--rather they are more like McDonalds cheeseburger size! They are pretty big for sliders. They are served on a pretzel bun too! I KNOW--fancy schmancy for kids sliders. But again...if you say on the menu that it comes with pickles..make sure you serve to specs. I had the skinny chicken lettuce wraps which were excellent. I thought it was interesting to serve on romaine versus iceberg lettuce but it worked itself out. My husband had fish and chips and really enjoyed. I LOVED how the coleslaw was made per order versus just made that day and left to sit and wilt. My son had a burger as well that was really great and my FIL had a calzone which he loved.I will DEFINITELY be back to Native New Yorker. I think they did a very good job considering this is first week opening. I think (hope) it will only get better and not disappoint! They will be a nice addition to the middle of Surprise. :)
2	Stopped in for a second time and I must say I was not impressed. The restaurant is very clean and appealing to the eye but food is serious lacking. Last time I ordered the wings and absolutely loved them despite the length of time it took to finally get them. This time I decided to try something different so I ordered the BBQ pork sliders. Big mistake. There was not much pork inside and there was absolutely zero flavor to it. The food once again took quite some time and was luke warm. Shortly after eating  there I did not feel well and developed a bad stomach ache followed by a trip to the bathroom. Not sure if it was the sauce or if the pork was under cooked but, either way I won't be visiting this location for a long time if at all.
2	LUNCH TIME:Brand new restaurant, so as far as cleanliness goes, it's great.  Our server spoke so fast we didn't catch her name, sweet girl,   Hostess pleasant but was sweeping the floor, (try a dry mop)  and did this several times, very near diners, not appetizing,  one thing we  didn't like was the prices.  We went at lunch time,  We had  2 sandwiches, 1 tea, and 1 water, and the baby chocolate bundt cake, (that cost as much as a full bundt cake from a chicken place) with tip it was near $33 for lunch.  This was very pricey for us.  While the food was good, what we got for the price was not.  Sadly this won't be a regular place for us to go.
3	Service was good, food was over-salted (not over seasoned because it lacked flavor). I attempted to come again bit they were charging for the super bowl as if they paid to stream it. prices are very steep in comparison to other wing places. $.85 a wing is unheard of, I'm used to paying 50 to 6 cents a wing.
4	OK changing my review. This was the sixth time and everything has worked out the wings are ehh but the atmosphere is great some of the servers are horrible but there are a few that are good.
4	Won't kid ya. Only had drinks and appetizers But Michelle took great care of us. Didn't hover but we never had to look for her. My taste of the wings were good. Would prefer more spice but only orders d honey barbeque. I would come back again soon. Ask for Michelle.
1	Beautiful new building. Parking lot was full when we arrived at 5:30 PM on a Wednesday. Our party of 6 included 2 young teens & 4 adults. Although the restaurant  was pretty full, I thought the food service was very slow. It took nearly an hour for our meals to arrive. The server told us that they were waiting for the chicken pot pie and that was holding up the order. Once the food arrived the pot pie was still cold in the center and was sent back. I had a pound of boneless wings & although the flavor was good they were over cooked & lukewarm when arrived. I also had a plate of loaded french fries that were also lukewarm. My wife had a pasta dish from the "Under 500 calorie" Skinny Menu but the only reason it was under 500 calories was because of how small the portion was. My wife is not a big eater by any means and this was the first time I ever saw her leave a restaurant hungry. The teens had a pizza and liked it so that earns the one star. Not sure if it was the servers mistake or a cooking issue why this food took so long to arrive & showed up cold but the beverage service was good (we were all drinking soft drinks with multiple refills). After the meal we ordered a coffee which took them forever to  brew up and unfortunately tasted awful. None of the 4 adults in our party have any desire to return to this place.
1	Food was good but the service was bad. Waitress brought out my item but forgot to place the order for the other person with me. When she corrected her mistake the wrong item was brought out. Finally got the correct item but took it home. When we got the bill it was wrong. Got the one item free but the whole meal should of been free. First and last time. Too bad because the food was good.
3	service was as expected.  food was as expected as well.  we ordered an app of "loaded fries" which is a misnomer for sure.  they should have bacon on them and the two separate times we ordered them i would say they had a small sparse sprinkling of bacon bits scattered on top.  very sad.  what is it about places skimming on the bacon.  it's the greatest meat ever.  don't be cheap with it or don't advertise your food has bacon on it!our server was very good and very attentive which compensated for the meh food
1	Okay so I'm at work and my fiance and my friends went here, and got themselfs food and asked for mine to go....the waitress Missy took forever to get them their food and their drinks refilled, and she acted like she hated her job....if you don't like your job go somewhere else! My fiance asked for the New York Cookie Sundae I mean really this place is so pathetic they gave her a burnt as a crisp to where it was too hard to eat then the ice cream was put in a container, the picture comes with whipped cream, cherry and syrup, all she was given was ice cream and two burnt cookies! She spent $5 on cheap a** cookies we could have made at  home! She asked for my stuff to go and asked for ranch, she never got ranch, seriously how am I supposed to eat wings without ranch? She's lucky she got a tip with the Sh**** service they got I wouldn't have tipped a penny and I'm a server!  We had a party of 6 and all 6 of us are telling our friends how bad of an experience we had here.... Next time take care of your customers the first time, WE WILL NOT BE RETURNING unless we here this place has cleaned up it's act!
1	I want to like this place because it is near the house but the incredibly poor service makes that impossible.   With so many people out of work you would think they would be able to hire someone mildly competent.
1	We just got home from Native and we will more than likely not return. Food was sub-par & I'm not sure how to describe the service. We sat in the bar area & We ordered drinks from one waitress never to see her again. Then had 4-5 walk past us before one stopped to ask if we were being helped. She retrieved our drinks then never returned. Finally we ordered our food from a 3rd waitress who actually stuck around to bring our food to us. What we got were soggy unflavored wings, my wife got the worst Rueben she's ever had and my crispy chicken sandwich was over cooked to the point of jerky with veggies but no condiments on it making it even worse. When I removed the bun to apply ranch from the un-eatable wings there was a pool of grease on the lettuce under the chicken. A 4th waitress finally retrieved our check after asking 3 others to bring it. I know what your thinking its Saturday night and maybe too busy but the place wasn't busy at all. The bar seems like a free for all with no server coordination and makes for an irritating experience. Don't waste your time & money here.
5	So happy to have this back in surprise. Food is always great. Service is awesome. They have a great lunch menu that flows into happy hour during the week. They also give military discount and have a great mural for Luke Air Force Base in the bar. Ask for the beer if the month!!!
1	We ordered food to go last night and though we regularly eat at other Native locations this was the first time we were disappointed.  The garbage pizza was barely warm and didn't have very many toppings for being a loaded pizza.  The wedge salad had hardly any dressing on it, or bacon and blue cheese crumbles,and was the part of our order we had to wait for after arriving which may be why the pizza was cold.  The biggest disappointment though were the wings.  We ordered half honey BBQ and half mild traditional.  We weren't told that mild meant a butter sauce.  That is not traditional by any means.  When we got home and discovered how our order looked we called and the manager offered to make it right and said we should have been told what "mild" meant.  We are able to go in and have the wings and salad free on another occasion.  Too bad I didn't mention the pizza...We spent $30 on a take out meal for 3 people and it was very disappointing.
1	Before I start, let me make it clear that this review applies to the Surprise location only.  According to my nephew, other locations he has been to are much better.That being said...My nephew was excited to share Native New Yorker with us on our visit to Arizona the weekend of April 11-14.  On Friday night the 11th, we came in to a moderately busy crowd.We were seated in fairly short order, but ran in to our first snag when they initially refused to make a lower-cost swap on a special they were running.  I didn't care whether I was credited for the difference but my better half didn't like one of the options and wanted something LESS expensive.  I wouldn't even have minded an up-charge for the swap if needed but their flat refusal grated on me.  They did eventually decide that I could do it "just this once", but even that attitude didn't exactly encourage me to return.  It was very grudging.However, one thing happened that would prevent me from ever even giving this location a second chance.  My nephew ordered a salad with chicken strips, and one of the strips was practially RAW.  I kid you not.  In 32 years of adulthood, I have never seen that.They did take it back and tried to correct it, but even the correction was underdone.To be fair, it was removed from the bill; however, the risk of food poisoning is not worth the $13 of that particular salad.Apparently the manager of this location had just been replaced; I don't know if things have improved in the last two weeks.
3	The food is ok service has gotten better. Wings are not my favorite. I had a salad tonight and it was good.
5	I've been coming in about twice a week for the last two months. The cleanliness is outstanding, the food what is expected, and the service great depending on the person. Just wish they promoted holidays and sporting events a little more, because it would be a great place to hang with my buddies. If you are looking for a smile and quick polite service ask for Tori.
4	This place has a lot of good looking stuff but this place is known for wings but if your into hot wings wouldn't want to come here for these reasons but besides that there's a lot of great looking stuff
1	Not impressed as you can see by the one star. I have been to Native Newyorker many times, different locations and I have never been thoroughly impressed. With the new sign and switch up of their name I thought what the heck let's try this place again. So I patiently waited for the surprise location to open, I'm driving by one night and I see it's open so I swoop in. Turns out that it was the soft opening, family and friends night, a score for me because it was 50% off everything! Sat down decided I was going to try their blue cheese chicken nachos thingy appetizer (I can't remember the name) it came out and I took a few bites and felt like well this isn't that great, but at least they aren't horrible...and let's not forget it's 50% off!!! So I decided for my main meal I was going to get the pretzel bun sliders, and my husband wings... And this is where the one star comes in, the food was horrible. How could a place with wings in their name mess up the wings?!?? They did and I won't be back. Glad it was 50% off!
2	Service just ok, food just ok! The atmosphere is cool just about average for the type of place it is. I have yet to be impressed by this location and it's unfortunate because I have been a big Native fan since back in 05. They have made some changes to the company that in my opinion have been for the worst but I haven't quite given up on them yet. They are still pretty good on the wings. HONEY HOTs and SPICY HONEY MUSTARD is where it's at! They have a few dry rubs that are good too! Just have to experiment.
1	Wow. Where do I start. We walked in 2 hours ago. All we wanted was beer and wings. It took an hour to get 2 of the 3 wings we order. Then after sending back the 3rd wings because they were cooked beyond anything you could eat. They took another hour. Just unreal at how a wing place could not make wings. I am so disappointed and will never come back. Beer and wings should not be so difficult.
3	We tried this place due to an on screen ad at Digiplex cinemas which is across the street from Native.  By bringing our ticket stubs we got a discount off our check of a little over $4 on a roughly $25 total, so I think it was 20%.  We saw an early movie, so we went for lunch at about 1:30 pm.The food was good, we got tator tots which came with 3 dipping sauces, BBQ, Ranch & Queso (which was really good).  Then we split the beef on weck & had chicken strips tossed in a spicy honey mustard sauce.  The sandwich was great, it came with au jus & horseradish on the side (but we love that). The strips could have been more wet in my opinion, but were of good quality & quantity (we had the 1/2lb size & that was plenty).  The only thing lacking was enough help.  We sat at the bar as that's usually where you get the best, most attentive help.  Unfortunately the girl was alone to serve the bar stools AND the tables in the bar area.  She seemed a little overwhelmed, but was friendly & did as best job possible considering.  Overall, they have a standard wings/sandwich/wraps type menu with a few unique options.  Worth a try, but hopefully they can get more help in the bar area, it wasn't overly busy (about 1/2 full) so if they were busier, it could have been worse!
1	Horrible! Took the family for a celebration dinner. It took forever to get the food, ordered an appetizer and kids meals first, server forgot to come back to take our entree order. We waited 40 min for the Kid's meals and appetizer. Ran out of drinks, had to ask 3 times before getting refills. Kids Mac n cheese came- looked like it had been sitting on the counter for an hour. It was crusty and dried out. Kids would not eat it. Wings were cold. Never got checked on after food was dropped at table. Went and got manager and she said I am sorry can we get you dessert? Seriously, my kids haven't even touched their food. Luckily my kids didn't want dessert they wanted to leave. Nothing adjusted on check, paid full price for three kids meals that were disgusting and weren't even touched! Horrible experience! I used to be a waitress and I would never treat my guests that way! It wasn't even very busy!
2	We went there and had a drink and some wings. We are from the East coast and have been to the place that has the original wings. They were okay but the chicken is pressed and seemed very chicken nugget for the boneless and the sauce wasn't that great on the regular bone in traditional. Maybe we are just picky. We wanted to try their pizza but the ppl behind us complained the dough wasn't cooked. We aren't sure if we want to go back or not
2	The service was.  This was on a Wednesday night with only 3 people at the bar.  The boneless wings were disgusting and they are about the size of popcorn chicken.   I could have better wings frozen from a bag.  The beer was good.  I had the Goose Island IPA on tap.  Not enough choices of beer though.  Televisions were good.  They have lots of them.
4	Good wings! Nice group.  Wife and I like to go for lunch whenever we can get a break from our kids. Good addition to surprise.
1	Wings were abnormally small. We've been here several times in the past few months. The wings today were half the size that they normally are. Consequently we opted not to order anymore... They did this a couple years ago, on Father's day. We stopped coming for over a year... Kind of a shame...
1	This place is so disappointing. The food is underwhelming and actually pretty terrible. We have been there 3 different times hoping to like it but finally came to the conclusion that it's just not gonna happen. We were hoping it was going to be like the other Native New Yorker on Bell which we absolutely love. But it is NOTHING like it. How do they have the same name. Very confusing and disappointing.
3	The wings are the only thing to get from here. The kids meal was really greasy. The Friday fish fry was okay and so was the chowder. There was no extra seasoning on the zucchini fries either. Lots of tvs for catching the games which is great. Servers were very friendly but the food was just okay.
1	We ordered the Family Feast...the wings were good, but the pizza was the most disgusting pizza we've ever tasted. Our server and the manager tried to do what they could to rectify the issue, but by then we had no appetite for anything else & no desire to come back.
3	All im there for is  cold.drinks and pretty girls.native has both :-) servers are hot.bartender i think her name Michelle.very attractive. Bar food is ok.im.more comfortable around  my chicano people but this.place is cool when.im.on.this.side of.town
1	Okay food, horrible service. Our waitress couldn't even be bothered to take our drink order, the hostess came and took our drink order after about 10 minutes. Once the waitress delivered our food, she apparently only had time for the other tables around us. Even when we asked for additional condiments, which she assured she'd bring out right away. We had to ask the hostess for to-go containers and after waiting another 15 minutes hoping for our check, we finally gave up and went to the hostess station to pay. Then our waitress had the nerve to say she wasn't ignoring us. Too bad they don't have better servers.
1	The food is ok but the service is terrible!!!! Every single time we come in here it is so so so so slow!!! They really need to work on that! I see servers standing around talking while there is multiple tables with no food or drinks. SLOOOWWWWWW!
5	We had a rough dining experience there once. The management was very responsive and worked hard to make it better. Very good food. Nice environment, especially on the patio. I liked the naked wings, and my wife liked the cookie dessert. Ramone the manager was very kind and dedicated. McKenzie was a very nice waitress.
5	Had a great lunch here today. Kaela was our server and she was great. Love the $.49 wings and California Burger...
5	We had a great time and the service was the best if you come here to eat ask for misti she is the best !!!!!!!! Misti will take very very good care of you!!!!! And the food was good to!!!! Thank you misti and heather!!!!
3	this place is awesome for guys that like to watch football, eat burgers and scream when happens something with their team ...I m  not really a fan of a sport bars but....it's the only one around here!!!
1	Maybe it is just my server but I waited 20 minutes after getting my wings and asking for blue cheese and silverware :(
1	I always thought native was good. Atleast thats what everyone always told me. When me and my wife went we had a rude waitress who really seemed like she didnt know what she was doing. We ordered a small pizza as an appitizer and i think I took about 5 pounds of grease off the top of it with my napkin. When our bonless wings came they tasted like the ones you get at the supermarket in the frozen food section. Dont waist your time and money supporting places like this.
5	First of all, they offer military discounts!! Yeayy and thank you for honoring what so many other places do not. ;-)I did a call-in order and forgot to say "naked strips" so I accidentally ordered breaded and fried strips. I didn't realize this until I was paying, and was thinking "oh crap" because I don't eat fried foods. Misti who I ordered with and the Manager Romone immediately offered to redo my order at no cost so that I do not compromise my diet! I felt so bad and apologized to them and even asked if it was ok being that it was my fault and I now just wasted their food, but they were soooo nice and accommodating, set me up in a booth with free drinks while I waited for my yummy naked grilled chicken strips! I cannot express enough gratitude for this as no other place would've been so kind and accommodating, or care about my "meal plan" or healthy eating preferences. Very amazing customer service! The interior is nice and comfortable, great vibe and environment, and as I was able to observe the other staff while waiting, I had to give a review as the staff here are outstanding and treat their tables and customers with service. Thank you Misti and Romone! I will definitely be back (and I will get my order right next time!). Lol
1	Going to Native for a second time reminded me why i dont like it..I will never go back to this place! Service and food were horrible.  First off, it took about 10-15 minutes to even get our drinks.. (it was a Monday night,  not busy at all). The food was the worst..all 4 of us ordered something different and we were all not impressed. It just wasnt that great..it was like everything was just warmed up in either a pot or microwave.  McDonalds has more flavor in their food..and thats saying a lot.
5	After a not so pleasant experience last week I would like to amend my negative review. We Decided to give it one more try which resulted Ina much more pleasurable experience
3	GREAT wing flavors and overall texture in the traditional wings. Unfortunately, the only fresh additions to such deep fried goodness were celery sticks, although our server tried his darndest to track down something else.....no luck with carrots, broccoli, or cucumber....and that was a difficult reality to swallow with this meal. As for the environment overall, it was clean and well-lit and the staff were all very friendly and seemed to enjoy their workplace. The menu covers quite a few bases, but the wings are a good enough reason to give this chain restaurant a chance.
1	This place is horrible! It's overpriced and the service is bad. The food is a poor imitation of bar food. It is also a cop trap so be very careful when leaving.
2	Ill start with the good. The bartenders are very friendly and make you feel welcome as most wing/bar joints will. Now on to the bad. This is a wing joint. Their wings are on the low end of the totem pole when it comes to size, flavor, and freshness. Ive been in 3 times and the first time my wings were literally cold. Some were luke warm. Not crispy, not freshly cooked, and 8 of the 12 wings were tiny. The other 2 visits were a little better but when it boils down to it Beef o Bradys and Bdubs both kill this place.  Its a nice layout, is clean, and has mostly friendly staff but unfortunately its not a hospital so the food has to be good as well to get more than 2 stars.
2	I'm just going to start out by saying i have been here probably about 15 times since they opened, that being said I'm still pretty dissapointed. I continue to try this place because it is right around the corner from my house. I feel a struggle to get any attention from the bartenders whenever I am there. They just give soooo much attention to the staff sitting at the bar that I feel I have to fight for my attention. There are two bartenders that I am satisfied with, one being a gentleman i call "light socket Larry" (spiked hair) and an African American lady that I have only seen twice. They give full attention to the whole bar (my reasoning for 2 stars) but the other 3 ladys that work back there are far from even sub par. The food never really makes me happy. The native on bell around 67th ave and the one by the stadium are great! What's going on here? I seriously want to find a new place to go but there is nothing by my house. PLEASE FIX THIS PLACE! YOU HAVE BEEN OPEN FOR MONTHS NOW! WHY IS IT STILL LIKE THIS!
4	My wife and I have visited on 3-4 different occasions and the food had been hot and fresh every time. The service is not the best but I've had way worse. Typically we each get a wedge salad and share some boneless wings and they have always been good. The last couple of times we have strayed from the usual and gotten burgers or shared a pizza.  Each time those menu items were delicious and fresh too. Never had an issue with the price on any of our visits. Definitely a good value. I would recommend native for some good food.
1	Service is slow, plenty of staff but not catering to customers. 3rd visit and still not improved. Ordered 30 wings and only got one ranch. Cocktails weak.  Has to be location because Native at Westgate is awesome. Always satisfied there. Surprise location food isn't as good, service slow, not a sports bar experience
1	Waited 45 minutes for food, asked for extra napkins 3 times, never refilled water without flagging them down. 2 entrees didn't come out with their full items. Restaurant was not close to full, there were three servers. Also way too many TVs.
