5	Great stuff and awesome service all the time!
3	This is the closest ice cream place to my house. I wish I could give it five stars but unfortunately I've been here enough to see the problems. First off, the best thing about this Dairy Queen is not the ice cream but the fast food. The burgers are always good and not thrown together like other fast food places.My biggest problem with this place is it is never consistent. My wife and I have both ordered the same blizzards here and one will be great and the other horrible. I think one problem is the staff. It is full of younger kids who just don't pay attention. I have noticed that when they are very busy, it seems that they do a better job. If you go when they are slow, the kids working are usually screwing off.So, why do I go here? It's down the street and even a mediocre blizzard is better than no blizzard at all!
3	Dairy Queen.... It is what it is. This place has a drive-thru. I got a blizzard with extra reeces cups. Delicious. But really, anything with reeces cups is good.
2	This place is super slow.  I'd go elsewhere if i were you.  The food is iffy at times too. They need to his more for the summer.
1	And if I could give zero stars I would. 25 minutes to get a bottle of water. Issues taking an order for 3 blizzards. Had to be rung up twice. Seating on the street outside was cleaner than the booths. Staff was a mess and all over the place. DQ Corp please shut this place down it's ruining your brand.
1	0 STARS. This dairy queen is horrible. The employees do not know how to do their job. Completely disorganized and not clean. It took three employees to ring my order up. Corporate needs to review this shit hole of a store.
2	This place provided the worst service I've had in a long time. My three-year-old son and I arrived at approximately 11:15 on a Monday morning and couldn't get in because the door was locked, even though the "open" sign was lit. When someone finally opened the door for us and another customer, they were completely unprepared for business. We were there for an ice cream cake, of which they had ZERO prepared, so we had to wait several minutes for them to locate and decorate one. The gentleman who had entered with us simply wanted an order of French fries and had to wait at least ten minutes for them. While we were waiting, another guy walked in and wanted a blizzard, but they had to dig out the ingredients for it from some side freezer because they just were not prepared. To top it off, they were unfriendly to my kid because he started getting restless after being required to stand around for fifteen minutes. Two stars because the cake turned out nice. I won't be going back.
