1	what is it with my luck paying money for services that fail to fix my problem? I went in to Big O Tires after seeing an advertisement on their window for an A/C check. After driving around 2 wks in a hot as hell car I said enough is enough and gave them a call to diagnose the problem. I was told that I was almost a pound low on freon and sent on my way. Yay! Cheapest option, right? Wrong. So very very wrong. Unfortunately I dropped by an hour before closing so I'm guessing I was rushed out while they were closing shop. They either never checked the air coming out of my vents for themselves or they KNEW they were ripping me off $150. As I pulled into my driveway 15 minutes later my car was no cooler at all.Next day I book it there to see what they could do since I just dropped some cash there. "Come in Saturday and my A/C guy will take a look." Fine.Come Saturday I'm praying for a leak somewhere. Hey! I paid $15 for flourescent dye! It better prove useful. 30 minutes later and I'm told it is low. "So it leaked since Monday?" I asked. "Monday?" "Yes. I brought it in Monday and paid for an evac and recharge." He had no idea. Smell something fishy yet? So he takes it back again and looks it over finally coming back to say he was wrong about it being low (REEEEEAAALLY FISHY) and it is either one of two parts. I was referred to a shop for them to check as they couldn't do it there but they couldn't refund me for the evac and recharge. However I could have this shop do the repairs and Big O wouldn't charge for the second evac and recharge that would have to be done on my car. First off... nobody would let someone leave their shop after doing work only to have someone else finish the job. WTF.So here I am now spending a grand for a new A/C today when $29.95 was supposed to diagnose this a week ago.If you are feeling charitable, at least pick a more honest organization to throw your hard earned money at. Now if you excuse me, I have a district manager to write.
5	When it comes to any repair shop, we have all heard or had horror stories.  This place was great.  I had 3 tires replaced and asked them to check my brakes as they were squeeling a bit.  I had previously called several other places for tire quotes, and they came in at the best price.What really impressed me was that they said I did not need new brakes yet!  I complained about the squeeling, and was sure I needed replacement.  I was told the pads still had 40% on them and could hold off for a while.  The squeeling was just from brake dust most likely from cheaper pads.My wait time was estimated at about 30 min, and it was more like 50, but anyone that honest is hard to find, and must be recommended.
5	These people offer stellar customer service. They went above and beyond with my oil change and tire rotation. The manager/owner is definitely doing something right with their training practices.
5	I went here after leaving discount tire cause they told me I needed a new tire and would not fix my flat.  Discount tire never even checked to see if it was fixable.  I decided to go to Big O tires cause I heard good things about them.  It was true!!  They looked at my tire and were able to fix it on the spot!  No charge!  They saved me $250.00 cause that's what Discount Tire wanted for a new tire.  My hats off to Big O and I will use them again, when necessary!!
5	I've come here for years. These guys are Honest and good people.  I'm sure every tire shop has its unsatisfactory reviews but in all the time I've been here its been nothing but good service.
1	Terrible service. Stopped here 26 minutes before closing time for a pressure check, said they could not do it... Ugh, terrible tire place. Not recommended. Went next door and they checked and filled all tires, two minutes.
5	Not only were they friendly, but they made it possible for me to be able to get my vehicle back during a typical stressful work day! They went above and beyond! I will use them for any tire issues! I have typically gone to the one on Bell, which are wonderful as well, but this location was closure to my job and provided the same great service I was used to!
