5	Oh, the search for a trustworthy garage can be a difficult thing. I lucked out and found this place and now it's where I go for my automotive needs. I've gone through a few different car inspections with the folks at Brunner's, with two different vehicles, and I've found them to be friendly, accommodating, and affordable.
1	I live in the neighborhood, so when my clutch went out on my car last October, this was the only place in near proximity that my car could drive to. I had taken my car to Brunner's for the occasional oil change and really liked that they were a local place so I thought it would be ok. (mistake #1) I guess I should've known better once I called and asked if they worked on transmissions and the voice on the other end said "uh, yeah sure, bring it in". First I paid $250 to change my master cylinder (no pressure for the petal), got it back and could now push the petal but shifting was still off. So I took it back (mistake #2) Oh, you need a new clutch. $800. Refusing to cry in front of a stranger, I forked over the dough, and the car - for 2 weeks. Bumming rides to my job that is 30 minutes away, calling after the estimated 4 days, confused as to why it was taking so much longer. Only to receive my car back - clutch not right. I thought that was just how it was going to be from now on, just not so right, but I could drive it and was more afraid of taking it back to the place that considered that as "fixed" because I had a feeling that 2 - 3 weeks later, I'd receive my mangled car back, still un-drivable.Now that my clutch has gone from 'difficult' to 'slipping while I'm driving' again and it's getting a bit dangerous to merge onto the highway, I finally took it to a transmission shop that my regular mechanic suggested. He estimated $450, can have it back to me in a day.I will NEVER go back. I will hire a tow truck to take my car to my regular mechanic if needed (in Duquesne PA of all places) rather than use them.
5	I was referred to Brunner's by a friend that has been going to them for quite some time, me...I am a completely satisfied customer of well over 10 years.  George is one helluva great guy, his work is top notch and he's always willing to work with you as a customer.  Maggie in the office is fantastic, a breath of fresh air to deal with someone so honest, especially in the automotive repair industry.  I cannot say enough good things about Brunner's, I have referred quite a few friends to them and they are all satisfied customers.
