5	I was SO excited when I saw the Sprouts going up near where I live. I am one of those noncommittal health conscious, meaning I really WANT to eat better, but not enough to drive 50 miles out of my way to make it happen. Sprouts makes it easy for me (and those like me) to shop a health food store; both in that they are now in the Gilbert/E. Chandler area, and because they have many familiar, "safe" foods choices along with the soy milk and organic collard greens. But the single biggest reason I love Sprouts is the bulk foods section. I can get couscous, wild rice, tabouli mix, dried fruits and nuts, and all sorts of other goodies at reasonable prices. And with a gang my size, saving money is right up there with eating right.
5	OMG I love this place. I thought it was a salad place. I stumbled upon it waiting for Ross to open on Sunday.  It was the only place in the whole lot that had a bunch of cars so I thought I would check it out.  OH! it's a health food store. I prefer unhealthy food myself, but my daughter (7) is lactose intolerant and they have lactose free milk, goat yogurt (who knew), and even lactose free ice cream - score! Yeah for her. Ross finally opened so I didn't get to explore the entire store yet but will soon - you betcha.
5	You can't go wrong with Sprouts.  I am not a health nut and I shop here often.  They have amazing produce here that is decently cheap.  I say always to purchase your produce here, if you don't, then your crazy :)  .  They layout items very nice and often have season items that you never knew existed.  There stand in the middle with all of the candy and licorice always gets me.  They have like 10 flavors of licorice that are all amazing.  They also have Cinnamon bears, and I don't know if you have ever tried to find cinnamon bears, but it seems no one has them.  Anyways....Overall, I will definitely be a repeat customer and always purchase my produce from them.
4	I really like shopping at Sprouts!  Although I try to eat healthy for the most part, I have never really liked shopping at traditional health food stores.  I don't buy all of my groceries here, but generally stop in once a week to see what they have on sale.  It never feels very crowded, the store has a nice atmosphere and I've never had to wait in line very long.  Their produce is obviously excellent and the prices are almost always lower than Fry's.  I really like their meat section and the "manager specials" can be a really good deal.  They have this spicy chicken breakfast sausage (ground like chorizo) which is excellent mixed with eggs or in an omelet.   Their deli meat is also very fresh and delicious.  I love the southwestern turkey. The bulk items are great as well, and I like being able to buy as much or little of something as I want.  Garlic sesame sticks...yum!  Overall, Sprouts is a great store.
5	Very clean! Great food! at great prices when watching the ads. Freindly customer service
5	LOVE this place. Their bulk bins are such a good deal, as is their produce. Their regular dry and canned grocery is a little pricey, but most of it is specialty food, which they sell on par with or cheaper than other places that sell these things. If you are looking for any natural beauty products, this specific Sprouts is a great place to go. The people have always been friendly when I go there.
5	Here's why I consistently shop here:1. The produce is beautiful and they often have incredible sales2. 1/3 the cost of shopping at wholefoods3. They special order strange foods for me4. It's actually cheaper than Fry's5. Excellent Deli and Meat section6. Sprouts helps me eat healthy
5	The best store for produce - I haven't found better prices and quality at any other store - ever.The meat department is really good with an extremely helpful staff. The do have a fresh catch of the day but some of the fish is frozen and thawed. Not that this is a bad thing. The butcher will do special cuts if you go in during normal business hours. If you want to save a ton of money, buy all your produce at Sprouts. Stay away from all the chain grocery stores.
5	This is our only grocery store. The prices are really good and for produce, much cheaper than other stores and such better quality! The meat section is also excellent and offers great cuts of lamb, chicken, pork, beef, turkey every day. I looked everywhere for ground chicken before finding it at Sprouts. The butchers will make any cuts you need. I even bring them whole chickens out of the case and ask them to quarter them or cube a leg of lamb, no problem. The fish is good and their weekly specials allow for some killer deals on things like Sockeye and Chinook salmon. I love the bulk section, too and get all our grains there. All the staff is wonderful and we are such regulars there that everyone knows us and always gives us a smile. Sandwiches at the deli are an amazing deal and do not scrimp on the ingredients so you can easily split a sandwich into two meals or split it with someone. They also will order things for you (Isreali cous-cous for me though I have seen them carrying it now regularly). Overall, this is the only grocery I frequent now and we've been coming here since they opened.
5	Good natural food. Healthy choices. Like a Trader Joes.
5	This grocery story is truly as good as it gets.  It's like Whole Foods with a dash of Trader Joe's with low prices.  The meat section is awesome -- great quality meat at good prices, including organic, grass-fed beef.  The service is also excellent -- the checkout person I talked to today kept going on and on about what a great place Sprouts is and how good it is to work there.I highly recommend checking out this location, or any of the others (I've been to a couple others) in the Phoenix area.
3	I have to say I love most things about Sprouts and especially this particular store, it's clean & has a nice selection of environmentally thoughtful & healthier products. I know you might hear a BUT coming & unfortunately there is. On our last trip there we discovered that in the bulk section, some of the foods are made with partially hydrogenated oils!!!!! That is a definite fail in that area! Sprouts can have good deals but because of the specialty items they carry... you can walk out of there spending a pretty penny. I am not complaining about that. BUT again we did not expect that at this kind of store we would have to think twice about looking for trans fat in their products. We will always shop there so it's not a deal breaker... just a let down. :( Maybe that is something that could be fixed?
5	Sprouts is one of my favorite stores! I feel healthier just stepping in there. I love their selection of fish, meats, and of course the produce. The employees are very nice and always willing to help you out. Sprouts is one of my go-to stores, along with Fresh-N-Easy!
4	I don't know what took me so long to go to Sprouts!  Great prices on fresh produce.  Fresh spices that you can help yourself to, making it so that you can get a teaspoon of thyme or a tablespoon of rosemary and fulfill that one recipe that you're trying out, instead of buying a whole bottle and having the rest go to waste.  But it's not just a produce store, as the name "Sprouts Farmer's Market" might suggest.  It's a full service grocery store and apparently it's very popular because the place was PACKED at 2 p.m. on a Tuesday.  Guess I was the last one to get "in the know."
5	I'm a big fan of this location.  They always have the best fruit and vegetables.  I have gotten 4 pints of strawberries in the last 2 weeks and they have all been great; nothing moldy or icky.  The meat counter is quality.  I appreciate the honest help of the people behind the counter.  My husband and I were told to try the swordfish and it was just as great as they gentleman said it would be.If you want to shop in peace, go on Sunday night at 9pm.  It's super quiet.
4	I mainly come to Sprouts for wine and brie.  They sell president brie they cut in wedges from a larger round.  The flavor is so much better than the smaller rounds or wedges that you can buy prepackaged.  The staff is friendly.  I've noticed they have a nice selection of organic meats but they're pricey.  The produce is fresh but a little cheaper elsewhere so I don't buy large quantities here.  Nah, when I come into Sprouts it's for a bottle of cab, a wedge of herb brie and a piece of fruit... dinner is served.
4	Sprouts is a great market.  Their produce is generally very good.  They often will let you sample it for quality.  They have a lot of bulk product (grains, peanuts, granola, chocolate morsels, etc).  And they feature a lot of canned/packaged processed organic/natural products like soups and stocks, sauces and salsas, etc.  They also have bulk spice section where they sell by the ounce.  And they feature natural sodas that use real sugar instead of that corn syrup poison.Not as much variety as a supermarket, but still a good variety of good quality stuff.
5	Love the well priced produce and the store layout.  The employees are always nice as well.
3	Great little chain health food store!  They have great prices on bulk goods and baked goods!
4	Sprouts is my go-to store for produce, meat and bulk flour. Great selection, knowledgeable staff and competitive pricing. One great store
5	I really love Sprouts and make a trip out here from San Tan Valley often.  You can  find a lot of things here you will never find at a "regular" supermarket.   I have to come here to find my plain soy yogurt, liquid probiotics and other vegetarian and vegan type foods and supplements you won't find at a pharmacy.   They also have a great selection of protein powders other than Whey types, like hemp, soy..etc. Their selection of natural, organic, and bulk food is fantastic.  You can buy things like quinoa, rice, couscous and other grains, loose beans/legumes, nuts/seeds, dried fruit, chocolate chips, ..etc which is fantastic if you either want to buy a lot or just a little bit and don't want a huge bag of something you only need for one recipe.Great selection of cheeses, olives, hummus and deli foods. The staff is always friendly and they often have some good sales.  They also have a great selection of natural health/beauty products like soaps, shampoos and body washes.  I'll admit I don't buy everything here just because there are times when some things are overpriced
5	Sprouts has the best selection in produce out of any of the chain food stores in the area.  They have a great selection of just about everything that the health conscience person is looking for. The size of the store is ideal and it makes it very easy to get around and find what you need.
3	I'll start by stating that I LOVE Sprouts and shop there nearly every day.  So why the 3-stars?  I am so tired of the terrible customer service by the cashiers!  I spend a fair amount of money there, and I would like for the cashier to at least say "hello" as I come to their register.  In all other departments I have received pretty good service and would give them more than 3-stars, but the lasting impression is the cashier.  I wandered around for a while today trying to find one random item for a recipe and finally gave up and went to check out.  Not only did the cashier (young female, as most of them are) not greet me with a simple "hello" or "hi" or even "hey" - I asked if she knew if they carried my missing item and her response literally "I don't think so.  Your total is $30..."  WHAT?!  I would have hoped for a little more than that, maybe ask someone else, show a sliver of concern for the question I asked you after you failed to even say one word to me.  Very, very disappointing.  And this isn't the first time, the cashiers are nearly never friendly.  I was a grocery store cashier for 4 years in college and I know exactly what it entails, and it's not that hard to offer a little bit of friendly customer service.  I have half a mind to call the manager and complain.  Other than this issue, I obviously shop there frequently for the food/value, but really would consider not going there if the unfriendly end result continues.
3	I really want to gives this Sprout's location 4 stars but over the past few months when I get a deli sandwich the bread has bean stale 1 out of 3 times I'm there so I can't do it. If this Sprout's can consistently not give me stale bread I'd be happy.On to the rest of the store....Sprout's is a great farmer's market with a great selection of produce as well as great meats, seafood and cheeses.
5	This place rocks! I started eating much healthier earlier this year and Sprouts has been a key to sticking with it. Fresh fruits and veggies, AWESOME sandwich deal in the deli, happy and knowledgeable employees. The only negative is how many snow birds crowd this place out in the winter. I do not know why they cannot follow instructions and write down the sku numbers for their bulk items, or why they deem it necessary to sit drinking coffee in the deli for hours so there is no room for those actually eating the deli lunches to sit, but that is neither here nor there. I love Sprouts!
4	I am really starting to love Sprouts.  It is one of the only stores that I have found in the area that has bulk spices, plus it has a large bulk goods section.  And their prices on produce are amazing!  Especially if you buy the sale items.  I can't believe some of the deals I have gotten here.  That being said, I mostly stick with bulk items and produce.  Their packaged foods tend to be a little more expensive - unless you can get some of their store brand items.  I also think that their customer service could be improved.  It isn't bad, but I often feel like I am being flat out ignored by the staff.  In fact yesterday I was nearly run over by a guy pushing a produce cart!  But I still think it is one of the best grocery stores in the area.
3	As for customer service, this Sprouts store is okay on it.  The cashiers aren't always too friendly, but there was this one cashier named Bob that was super friendly and great.  But, I haven't seen him in ages.  The meat counter, usually the guys are very friendly and helpful.  The produce people are great.A couple times they ran out of what I needed in the bulk section and getting them to give me a call of when they would have the stuff in was a pain in the butt.  The store is clean and there is a great selection of produce, which I love.  The produce usually looks fabulous and I do love the weekly specials here.What I would like to see is to have electronic coupons available that you can add to your account that you can scan.  But, this is not store specific.  I do notice that the Sprouts on Dobson/Ray to be consistently much friendlier than the people at the Val Vista/Williams Field location.The prices of the things on special area reasonably priced, but the price of groceries is not as good as the supermarkets, but way better than Whole Foods.Anyway, what I typically buy at Sprouts is produce on sale, bulk items (nuts are really less expensive usually at Costco than Sprouts, even on sale), and meat when it's on sale.  Everything else really is too expensive.  Oh, I periodically do buy things like essential oils, xylitol (a sugar alcohol), vitamins if they are on sale like 25% off or more.
4	Employees are nice and the food is priced good.  We stopped buying produce and meat at Walmart and started buying food here instead.  It seems to be priced the same but a lot better quality.
5	Best location in my opinion. The employees are very polite here and always going that extra mile to help the customers, Roberto is very genuine and always trying to make a difference. Very nice environment to be in and the food and prices are fabulous.
5	Absolutely love this store! I have a gluten intolerance and they offer MANY options for me, not to mention clearly marked tags to indicate items that are gluten free. The produce selection is vast and fresh along with many organic options. They also have many types of whole bean coffee you can grind fresh in the store. Love it!
4	Fantastic deli and the meat and produce section never fail to impress with the quality and freshness; I'm thankful that they always are very well stocked with Hansen's soda in both volume and flavor variety.  The quality of the cashiers can sometimes vary, i.e. totally disinterested college guys to very friendly and conscientious girls, but that's a small price to pay for the cleanliness of the store and the overall product selection and quality compared to your typical monsanto mega-grocery store.
5	Definitely my go to store.  I choose to eat gluten/vegan free foods for a digestive and atuo immune issue and this is a great place to buy that kind of stuff other then Wholefoods, which is always prices higher.  I like the size of the stores, though when it gets crowded it gets a bit hectic, but it's easy to navigate.  Always adding new gluten/vegan foods on a weekly basis.  The Daiya frozen pizza may be the best pizza I've ever had.  If I had to complain it would be that there could be a bigger selection of vegan cheeses, that come in bulk like a cheddar.  And the parking spaces are tight, other then that I always look forward to coming here and all Sprouts.
4	This is a great sprouts. I feel like it has a lot of options, and the staff has always been pleasant and helpful.
5	I am glad to have a sprouts location down the street from me since moving into the area.  I love shopping here, decent prices for a good quality produce.  I prefer to shop here for my everyday groceries over any other grocery store.
5	I LOVE the produce here. Such a large selection of beautiful fruits and veggies. The pretty colors and smell of freshness makes me happy! Not only do they have great produce, but they also have a wide variety of gluten free and natural products. Their hormone free sliced chicken (lunch meat) is yummy. Their deli meats and cheeses are great, their pre-made meals are pretty good and I happen to like purchasing specific pieces of meat from the butcher counter. Their prices are reasonable, yes of course you are going to pay a little more for GF or Organic but they have so many more options than the regular grocery stores. Not to mention their bulk bin options too, where you can get anything from granola to chocolate covered almonds. Such a fun adventure every time i go shopping here!
4	Great store! I buy most of the meat for my family here. We have never been disappointed with it. I love their wide array of bulk foods. It's convenient to be able to purchase the exact amount of a product I want, as opposed to grabbing it prepackaged off a shelf. I always stop in during the week they advertise their 25% off vitamins and body care extravaganza.Their regularly priced items are not always economically appealing. I don't mind waiting for the sales to stock up, though. Every Wednesday, customers can take advantage of two times the discounts with Sprouts Double Ad Wednesdays. The weeks' sales begin and end on Wednesdays, giving the public eight days of savings instead of the standard seven. That being said, this store is an absolute zoo on Wednesdays! Also, the parking stinks. I've seen this mentioned by other reviewers, too. The spaces are very narrow, and the lot is not easy to maneuver. My vehicle has earned many battle wounds on my visits here.I appreciate the organic and holistic products sold at Sprouts, along with their friendly and knowledgeable staff. Keep up the good work!
1	I just moved into the area and yuck!!! I love sprouts and their produce but I will not be shopping here for anything else. I purchased soy milk and within 3 days of purchase, it had spoiled. The expiration date wasn't for another week. Wth??!!! Also I bought a ranch dressing and was disgusted when I opened it up to use on my salad and it was already opened!!! Ewwww!!! Gross
4	I find myself here about once a week for the bulk section. Seeds, nuts, granola, rice and other healthy snack choices. If you watch for the vitamin sales, you can get good deals on protein and shake mixes. The butchers are very knowledgeable and are more than happy to chat about recipes and the best ways to handle meats.
5	i love sproutsvery clean store and great selection.i quit shopping at Frys, Safeway, Bashas and Albertsons.
5	Need I say more best price for produce my favorite..there are not many shops I can go in and spend $20 and get all the veggies and stuff that I need
2	Don't come on any weekend (always short staffed) and the parking spots are made for golf carts. They don't charge for the door dings.
5	Went here about 4 times during our 10 day stay in the area. Dried fruits are the best you can get in a commercial establishment, meat cuts are super fresh and pre-packaged meal selections are a great alternative when you don't feel like cooking. Will return whenever in town.
5	My wife and I frequent the sandwich deli a lot here for lunch and this woman Jeanette is always so hard working and pleasant to see.  We believe certain employees make a store successful and Jeanette is one of those people here.
5	I've been coming back lately to this Sprouts because their customer service has improved tremendously.  My favorite is the produce guy, and I can't remember his name right now, but I think it starts with a D.  He's been working there for a few years now and I always appreciate his help and friendliness.Today, everyone was particularly nice.  Actually, the last maybe 1/2 dozen times I've been there in that past 2-3 weeks, everyone is super nice and helpful to me.  Their fruit and veggies always look great, as well as the meat.  So, hopefully you all will be seeing more of me in the weeks and months to come.
4	Always good food and nice helpful and friendly staff. Best place for healthy meat and really close to my house. That's always a bonus.
