5	Thank goodness All About Paws opened! It's the only self serve dog wash on this side of town. I visited them today after a recommendation from a friend and I'm glad I did. They're still a few weeks away from a grand opening but I have no complaints.  I highly recommend self serve dog washes. They provide everything you need from shampoos and conditioners to industrial blow dryers that get my shih tzu dry in no time! It's new so obviously it's a clean facility, but you can tell there's a lot of care going into the business. Owners were there as I washed my shih tzu Cash who is in full coat. They were very helpful and friendly. Reasonably priced treats and other goodies too. Overall wonderful experience.
5	Absolutely love this place. We took our two dogs in for grooming and loved it. The owner was there and the groomer was so great with our girls. They made sure we were comfortable and that the girls were comfortable and felt safe. When we picked them up they were so pretty and you could tell they Were super happy. We've obviously taken them to other places in the past, but we've never been as satisfied with the service and attention that was given to our girls. Love that they are in the neighborhood and love that they are very reasonably priced. They've got a self wash too and lots of cool stuff for the pups. Can't wait to go back!
5	Customer Service is a A++ here:: it's new to the area which is great! Love the concept and the fun! I have a HUGE dog he is a whopping 90 lbs. lol:: he's just very tall :: he is a American bulldog:: white and looked Greyish brown when we brought him in:: our shampoo, conditioner, towels, and sprays were all provided. They have a blow dryer, brushes, and a ear cleaner station!! My dog loves to bath though:: he is a true water dog at heart:: he was super excited and was talking the whole time, yah he loves to bark and tell you all about it.. It was a total of $14.00 including a snack/cookie I bought for him! Did I mention All organics on the items!! He was sparkling clean when we left and I haven't picked him up even from a groomer as clean:: half the price too! They have a full groom side if u don't wanna be hands on:: Will be back to wash the big dog!
5	Ok.  Wife had gone once before and loved this place.  We own two wonderfull, sweet Golden Retrievers.  Beautiful dogs that shed a LOT and are a mess to bathe.  We we went on a Sunday morning.  (They open at 10 am on Sunday)!!   They have three tubs.  Two were open !  Perfect!  Nice tub, sprayer and blow dryer.   Will definitely go back.  Great place!
5	I love this store. Not only are the owners and staff super nice and helpful, but they have a great product selection and the self wash is top notch. They use premium dog shampoos and conditioners, the tubs are huge and easy for our pooches to get into, and always so clean. I haven't had a chance to use their professional groomer, but all the dogs I have seen leave there have looked cute and happy. So glad a self wash is in our area.
5	I've been looking for a self doggie wash on this side of town for a long time and finally found All About Paws. Their self wash area is amazing. Everything you need is provided which is really nice. And the owner is super friendly, even with all of my husky's white fur blowing all over the place! Will definitely return!
5	To start, I am INCREDIBLY picky. I used to own my own pet shop & worked in animal healthcare & welfare for decades. My pets are family to me. We happened upon this awesome shop/self dog wash & were immediately impressed. Friendly, kind & patient staff. I came back with my nervous ShepX for a bath. The staff was wonderful as I took my sweet time socializing her with yummy treats she picked from the shelf. During the dog wash they approached calmly & offered supplies, help & of course plenty of praise for Sequoia. We got her tail wagging & what would normally be a high stress situation turned into a delight. I bought her a fun Planet Dog treat dispensing toy on the way out & she's joyously playing with it in the car as I type this in the parking lot. We will definitely be back & highly recommend our new favorite doggie spot. Bonus: it's across the street from the dog friendly Aliante Discovery Park.
5	Place is awesome. Do a great job and the owners are very friendly. Love taking my dog here.
5	Very friendly staff.  Store is clean.  And the self wash is a great alternative to our home tub.  Prices on food, treats, and self wash are very reasonably priced.
5	I am a first time pet owner as of today and I was completely lost on pretty much everything. I decided to give "All About Paws" a try since it had such raving reviews. I was not disappointed. The lady in the front was amazing and helped me everyway she could. The lady in the back gave my dog a nail trim, she was very sweet and gentle with my terrified dog. The really surprising part is that the store is not over priced. I really enjoyed giving my new dog a bath in the self-wash spa. I enjoyed my visit and I will be back. Thank you for making my first visit so special.
5	I am so happy they opened up so close to my house! Having moved from Cali, I still haven't found a place to groom my dog without him coming out like he had been drugged or traumatized in some way. First off this place is clean. Right away you can feel positive vibes emanating from the store and the people that work there. You have the option of washing your dog yourself which would be a fun and bonding experience but I chose to have him groomed. My dog Wookie was at ease as soon as they took him.. they actually took the time to familiarize themselves to him, talk to him and put away his nervous energy so that he was OK with me leaving. They use organic products which is awesome and makes me feel better. When I picked him up he came out with a big smile looking like a million bucks! Tail wagging, bright-eyed and so happy I've never seen him come from a groomers like that before. Awesome! The owner who is so passionate and knowledgeable,  gave me samples of good quality food for Wookie to try (the samples were a good size they filled his bowl and he has a larger than average bowl) and dropped some knowledge about the difference between store bought and theirs (processed vs natural). They have a great selection of food and treats from brands around the world I never knew existed.. and it is a great price for a better quality product. Anyways Wookie ate the food with gusto for the first time in his life and so now I am happy that I have found food he enjoys eating which is better for him.. win win situation. Go and take your little friend.. they will pawsitively thank you!
5	We normally rotate between taking our dog a groomer or do it ourselves at home.  All About Paws has a self-service dog wash option for $14.  This place came highly recommended to us and we were very pleased.  We were immediately greeted my one of the owners and she quickly showed us how things work.  We brought our down shampoo and brush but they provide high quality ones included in the price.  We did use the blueberry face shampoo they had and it was wonderful.They have three bathing tubs and all of the stations are setup well with everything you need.  You do the drying right in the tub which is convenient.  There are also plenty of towels along with aprons to use.  They even have a ramp for those dogs who need one.  It normally takes us well over an hour to bath and dry our 70 pound lab mix at home.  We had him completely washed and dried and 30 minutes flat.All About Paws provided us a great experience and our how felt comfortable there.  They offer a lot of pet products and the prices are pretty reasonable.  We look forward to returning there in the future.  This place is a fantastic small business that is truly focused on the customer.
5	All About Paws is a great independent self wash, grooming, and pet supply store that is neat, clean, and well stocked with high quality pet products and services at a reasonable price.The owners and staff are friendly, knowledgeable and professional. Dena and her staff will go above and beyond to meet the needs of their clients and offer the best service possible for your pets. They will provide sound advice and helpful information based on their knowledge of pets and products.Previously, my two dogs would become overly anxious and stressed when going to the groomer. Though we would book the first appointment, there was always other owners with their dogs checking in at the same time.  We would all be crowded in a small area, making the situation even worse for both the owners and the dogs.At All About Paws, we book the first appointment and we are the only clients in the store when we arrive. We are greeted with smiles and feel welcome. Both dogs are relaxed and happy to see their groomer, Kelsey. She is an awesome groomer who is patient, calm and kind. I feel good knowing that they are being well taken care of, treated as if they were their own.All About Paws is a first rate pet store that will meet all the needs of you and your pet!
4	Super clean and friendly facility! For $15 they supply shampoo, conditioner, puppy cologne, several different types of brushes, a facial wash, and an apron for the owner. This place is set up perfectly for those who may usually struggle with grooming their own pet. They also have a full service groomer there for several different types of animals! I love how friendly the staff is and organized they are.
5	I work with 'A Home 4 Spot' animal rescue, we recently had an adoption event here and it was one of the best I've been to!! However, is their self dog wash that is so impressive! !! I've taken 3 dogs in the past 2 days and it's absolutely fantastic!  It's extremely clean, they supply the shampoo and conditioner of your choice.  They also provide blueberry face wash (doesn't irritate their eyes) as well as all of the scrub, deshedding, and comb out brushes along with aprons, towels,  cologne and professional dog blow dryers. They also provide boosters for smaller dogs. And they clean up everything! !! ALL FOR THE INCREDIBLY REASONABLE AMOUNT OF $14!!!
5	Just found this place on yelp this morning. My Sadee needed a bath big time, bad doggy dad, so I checked them out. I have a curly coated retriever and she is very anxious and does not like being left anywhere without my wife or myself. Noticed they have self service tubs. Took the super short and convenient drive there to scope it out. One word...AWESOME! The ladies there are super nice and helped a noob on how things work. My Sadee loved being washed by me. The tubs are super sweet, with all the amenities any human or dog could want! So if you have a companion that doesn't like being without you for a few hours, check them out. I also asked about grooming and the time it took for a medium to large dog like mine. (70 lbs) they told me about 3 hours, which is great considering I have taken Sadee places and they keep her for an entire day. I might give that a try next time.
5	Customer Service is a A++ here:: it's new to the area which is great! Love the concept and the fun! I have a HUGE dog he is a whopping 90 lbs. lol:: he's just very tall :: he is a American bulldog:: white and looked Greyish brown when we brought him in:: our shampoo, conditioner, towels, and sprays were all provided. They have a blow dryer, brushes, and a ear cleaner station!! My dog loves to bath though:: he is a true water dog at heart:: he was super excited and was talking the whole time, yah he loves to bark and tell you all about it.. It was a total of $14.00 including a snack/cookie I bought for him! Did I mention All organics on the items!! He was sparkling clean when we left and I haven't picked him up even from a groomer as clean:: half the price too! They have a full groom side if u don't wanna be hands on:: Will be back to wash the big dog!
