3	For mothers day, my moms birthday or any other occasion that I need frilly stuff for I stop in here.Their $.50 cards can't be beat. Mylar balloons for $1 each is a bargain and a great way to add festivity to any occasion.They also have disposable plastic bowls that are great for parties.Their prices are about $.01 higher  per item than Everything $.99 cent  stores.This store also lacks the random electronics crap and 8.5x11 photo frames I love to find in the $1 range.PS Please do nott tell my mother I only spend  less than $5 per occasion on her.
1	Dollar Tree can't be relied upon.This is the third of their stores I visited. I needed a dozen balloons for a party and tried to purchase them about a week in advance. The first store had balloons, but no helium. The second store had helium, but no balloons. I was told the balloons and helium MUST be purchased at the same store. When I arrived at this location, I purchased a dozen balloons and was PROMISED by the Assistant Manager that he would make sure there was enough helium on hand to fill them the day of the party. He even took my name & phone number and wrote them down on a duplicate copy of my receipt as a reminder to himself.Fast forward to the day of the party. I arrive and they have no helium and the Assistant Manager and copy of the receipt were nowhere to be found. INFURIATING!  I had a party to get to and no helium for the balloons!Luckily, I was able to get helium at another location, after all. But what if none were available there, either? This is just proof that Customer Service, even at the management level, lacks at Dollar Tree.
3	What have we learned from Pinterest? That you can take a myriad of projects from the site and come into the Dollar Tree to make. Also I learned from YouTube videos that they have a very effective tooth whitening gel that actually works in the store for only $1! Whenever I go on road trips or just want to sneak snacks into the movie theater this is the first place I stop. Now go forth and be cheap!
2	I just don't get why people come here to shop.A lot of Made in China products and other things that make me think filler for landfills.  Most of the stuff here you can get elsewhere for the same price.Someone I know mentioned reader glasses but I think as hard as I am on them they would be trashed by the first couple of days of use.I have purchased one thing here, pumice stones, and only because I liked the color options.A friend told me about those green bags that are for extending the shelf life of fresh produce and that's the only reason I can into this store.  And darn it, they don't sell them.
