5	I had an emergency and these good folks were wonderful. They stayed after-hours to treat me. The staff couldn't have been more wonderful and Dr. Scott Manthai gave me great care and follow-up. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
5	I go every week to see Charl for my weekly allergy shot.  Charl is very personable and professional.  Dr. Scott Manthei and his staff are very customer service oriented.
1	Very sad when you receive a call the day before your appt making sure you will be on time and have been sitting in lobby 45 Mintues after appt and no one has informed me yet why I haven't been called to back.  The staff was NOT helpful at all especially the front office; She never once bothered to check how long the wait would be or even let us know anything.  I will never go back to this place again!!!
1	This is by far the worst doctors office I have ever been too. Last year I came for my yearly eye exam. I waited 90 min before being called back and them waited another 45 min before being seen by the doctor. I decided to give them another try this year. My appointment was scheduled for 35 min ago and I'm still waiting to be called back. The sad thing is that the waiting room has 4 other people sitting, so it's not like it's packed. I'm not sure if the problem lies with the front desk or just poor scheduling. I guarantee I will not be back next year.
1	Literally the worst experience I've ever had at a doctors office. My appointment was at 235pm it is now 338pm and still waiting. When I politely asked an estimated time the receptionist rudely replied, "when I get a room." It's funny how these places charge you for being late or a no show, but when it comes to the patients time they could care less. Thank you for wasting and hour and a half of my time at this point.
2	I've been a patient at the Windmill location which I liked. Now I'm on the SW side when I called for a appt. a week ago Windmill location was prompted to get me in. I wasn't able to make it due to school unfortunately. I called the SW location this time because it is closer to me. The Customer service representative was not very compassionate, about me not being able to see and having no more lenses she coldly agreed with me to go to another Optometry for a sooner appt. Don't think I would ever schedule again with them. Nor refer anyone
