1	DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY!!This place is a joke.  You pick what size of over-priced hamburger patty you want.  $5 to $10 for a fast food burger? Really?!?!?When I pulled into this place, there was a blue car at the drive thru window.  I pulled up to the speaker to order and was told "Just a minute."   5 minutes later, the order taker graced me with her presence and I gave my order.  I pulled up and the blue car was still there!  I waited another 4-5 minutes and just pulled out of the drive thru and left.  The exact same thing happened about a year ago when I first tried this location.  I will never, ever go to Fatburger again.  Terrible service.  Over-priced food and an overall lack of caring.  F-Stay Away!
4	I typically use the drive-thru and can expect to wait about 5-10 minutes before I get my burger combo and go. The food has always been good and worth the wait.
5	One of the best burgers in Vegas! The service was fast and everyone had a nice attitude. They ask if you want everything on the burger or anything removed. I think that is impressive since it's nothing worse than getting a burger and not liking what's on it and picking at it instead of eating it. The burger isn't just a regular patty. It's like they take a handfull of hamburger meat, season it and throw it on the grill. Got a shake with the meal and that was just as tasty! I am a new fan of this place!
2	If you went to Fatburger in L.A. like I used to,you will likely be a bit disappointed. The charm and funky atmosphere have somehow been lost here. Pluses: The food is always good. Being able to add an egg or make your order custom is a welcome change. The menu is deliberately limited. This means their core products are spot on and well made. Minuses: The current pricing structure leaves a lot to be desired. $20 for 2 people to have burgers and fries is quite steep. The jukebox is gone,but some retro music is still played. Do not be in a hurry here, however long it takes for the food to arrive,is how long it will take. Summary: There are a lot of good burger places out there,and many of them are a better value.
1	This review is for this particular location only. Early morning visit approx 3am.Recent visit:The service was poor, just a bad experience that nobody should have to endure, especially at 3am. I am the only customer in the drive thru, keep in mind is approx 3am. We spent exactly 24 minutes sitting in the drive thru, yes i took note of the time waiting on our order which was nothing crazy, two burgers, two fries, and two milkshakes which cost us $33.00. The service was bad, no apologies for the delay, attitude as if we were bothering them in making them cook at 3am even though they are 24/7. I was way passed pissed when we rolled out of there to say the least! Note to DM: The night shift crew needs some customer service skills and time management training. I am dissapointed that I have to do a review like this from such a bad experience.I will give Fatburger another chance, will just avoid this location and the graveyard shift, I won't forget this last visit, just unbelievable! Shame on them!
5	Yum! I love the Turkey Burgers here!! The food is always great and service is incredible. Totally worth paying $12 for a turkey combo.
3	This location is not the best in the LV valley, but the burgers are juicy and made to order. My only complaint is that it is bit over price. Not sure I would ever order the XXXL burger. It might be too much burger if that is even possible.
4	I always make it a point to get Fatburger at least once when I'm in Vegas. Just ate there and as always the food was great. The fat fries are the best anywhere. Got my usual burger with everything but pickles and it was perfect.  My only complaint is the prices and the long wait, which was strange considering hardly anybody was there at the time.
4	I haven't been to Fatburger in about 12 years.... I just went today and man was it good..... I got the XXL burger which is 16 ounces of ground beef and costs about $8.95 with cheese and no fries... It's a little bit of a wait if your going drive thru but it's worth it, the burger is definately one of my favorites and I'll be trying the XXXL burger next time I go which is 24 ounces of burger. Hopefully I can eat it completely.
3	i like the burgers there dont get me wrong but they are so pricey,i dont go that often but my daughters like them so i went,i got to save my money to go to a fast food joint,pricey................................
2	my first time trying fatburger and it was good but didn't quite live up to the hype. got a babyfat with cheese, eggs, bacon, and grilled onion. i love that you can add eggs to the burger and the price for all the add-ons isn`t bad. the burger patty had a good flavor to it but i think overall i was expected it to have more of a wow factor. maybe jucier or a special sauce? i don`t knowi like that this location is off the strip so probably not as busy. it was pretty empty when we came. but we were in a group of maybe 10-15 people and they messed up (or forgot?) about 4 of our orders. the people at the end of our group ended up waiting days for their orders, having to actually go up to the counter, show their receipts and wait even longer up there. i could see other customers getting their orders with confusion and it seemed like the cooks were getting their orders wrong too? another person in our group placed an order of just french fries and waited a pretty long amount of time for them, then when they finally came out, they were cold!good burger, not the BEST service/experience. i`d def still eat here again though
1	I've never written a review on Yelp, but this place compelled me to write my first one.This place gave me a severe case of the stomach flu. I've never tried Fatburger in my life. So earlier today I was craving for a burger and passed by this one and saw it as a good opportunity to try one. Horrible experience. First, the food here was ridiculously overpriced. Call me cheap, but I consider paying close to $15 for a burger, a drink, and onion rings grossly overpriced. Secondly, the girl that took my order got my order wrong and didn't even give me the fries I ordered. Third, the girl that gave me my food first asked me if I wanted ketchup, to which I replied "yes please", and then proceeded to hand me a bag of food that I later found out contained no ketchup whatsoever. Fourth, the food itself was quite mediocre, at best. The burger was dry, and the onion rings were drenched in oil and tasted more like oily onions than onion rings. The only decent thing was the sweet green tea.Lastly, and this is the major one, this place gave me gastroenteritis. For those who don't know what this is, it's the stomach flu. How do I know it was Fatburger's fault? because it was the first and only thing I ate today, and I didn't even have dinner last night. It started with some major diarrhea, led to severe stomach cramps, and ended with me in the ER at 3 in the morning. I can almost guarantee you that Fatburger either didn't cook or wash the meat thoroughly or some part of the food was contaminated. If you don't like expensive burgers, getting your orders wrong, dry burgers, oily onion rings, diarrhea, or stomach cramps via the stomach flu, then I HIGHLY suggest you stay away from this place like the plague.
4	OK, I like this place for my selection (as follows):XL, cheese, grilled onions, egg, and hot sauce (tabasco)These are salty and fatty...thats why they taste so good to me.
2	I am a fan of Fatburger, I've eaten at a few of the different locations around town. This review won't include any whining about prices, it is what it is and you get what you pay for... Frankly if the price is too steep for some people they should just turn around and head down the street to Micky D's or something else they feel is worth the cost...The issue I have with this location is the service. Yes, Fatburger can be considered fast food so it's foolish to expect much in the way of service. Employees should still be cheery and helpful, and the one that brought our food out was not. She just slapped a pile of trays with all 4 orders on the top one down on the edge of the table and walked away. I'd be more understanding if the place was busy but it was not. I also do not understand why each person's order was not on it's own tray. The same employee was less-then-helpful when I informed her that their tea dispenser was out of tea. She told me it was not and that I needed to push the button... which I had done, and nothing but water came out. She then told her coworker that they should check the tea, and walked out the door for her break... Like I said, I am not going to bitch about the higher-then-your-typical-fast-food-joint prices, but I will say that if you are going to charge those higher prices your should make sure the people you have taking the money and delivering the product are at least somewhat pleasent to deal with.
3	Good choice of ingredients for your taste buds. Sloooow service. Clean place.
5	I go to this location about once a week (don't judge me), and I've only had great service every time. The employees are always genuinely friendly and the food is good.
1	This is the third time I show up to this place and no one is to be seen in the morning I work grave yard so a good burger after work is what I want but they can't give it to me. Don't claim 24 hours you freaking retards!!
1	I ordered a lo carb burger WRAPPED in Lettuce with other assorted topping s  - Received assorted toppings NOT wrapped in lettuce , in fact lettuceless .Ordered 2 small burgers for my kids cheese only - received 2 small burgers with the works .it's NOT rocket science it just take a little PRIDE to do that job right .  Mind you I was the ONLY customer in the drive-through and NO cars in the lot .    Now I have 2 STILL hungry kids and basically a meatloaf I have to eat with a fork and knife .  Won't be going back .If 5 guys only had a drive through !
1	Tried for first time tonight, had small burger and skinny fries.burger was burnt and dry, oh so bad.fries were good up there with in and out.But forget the burger.Even adding more ketchup couldn't save this burger.Better off going across the street to Wendy's and getting a .99 cent burger.never will go back again.
4	Been going here for years. I've never had a problem with Fatburger or this location. The burgers are always good, yes you may wait a few minutes longer than other fast food places but they make everything fresh to order. I don't eat fast food burgers very often but this Fatburger is one of the places I will go when I hanker for a cheeseburger and I'm close by. (The only other fast food burgers I eat are In n Out and Smashburger)
4	My first Fatburger experience! Check that one off my cheeseburgers list.I was properly warned that it takes quite awhile to get the food, and man were my advisors correct. We pulled up to the drive-thru at around 4 pm and didn't get our food until about 4:27. But that's because they make it fresh, to-order so you're not getting burgers or fries that have been sitting under a heat lamp for God knows how long. And yes, you can taste the freshness in the product. Burger was good, fries were even better but the star of the meal had to be the strawberry shake. Cold, creamy and full of berry goodness... it hit the spot on a hot, Vegas afternoon. Normally I don't drink the entire thing, no matter how good, 'cause that's a lot of dairy in one sitting. This time, I absolutely drank it all. Fatburger would likely be in my Top 10 all-time burger experiences. It's good and a special treat since we don't have them in the Bay Area. But my heart still stays true to Krekel's Custard in Central IL.
1	Don't expect anything remotely good from this place. They're the most absolutely disgusting, dry, overlooked crappy patties EVER made!  It's like eating sand, sawdust and meal worms all rolled into one. This is the most sorry pathetic, atrocious excuse for what was written on the menu as a burger.  Voted best burger, MY ASS! That review was from 8 years ago! Definitely don't waste your time or money!!  You'll find something better to eat, I promise.
1	By far the worst burger i've ever eaten in 30 years. It's 11pm, myself and 6 other guys walk in. The front doors were open, it's sweltering hot inside(did i mention it was 11pm?). The side door by the outside patio was propped open by a broomstick sticking out across the sidewalk(lawsuit waiting to happen)...We each order the "XXL" with egg and bacon, chilli cheese fries and a drink ($17 ?!?). After 15-20min, our order came out in a standard greasy brown paper lunchbag.First bite: too much mustard, relish is very sour, patty is burnt around the edges.I tried eating about 1/3rd of the patty alone, then threw everything out.Wish I would have gone to one of the burger chains instead for $7.Next time head to In N' Out and come home satisfied.
5	I love fat burger. I get a Medium with cheese, eggs, bacon with fat fries and a sprite. I get indigestion for 2 days after. Come hungry.
2	Relieved the food wasn't as bad as our service. Repeated the order twice and twice they confirmed and they still got the order wrong with everything that was ordered.
3	Food was super on point! But! Lucero, the lady that took my order, was a bit rude and pushy. And! Got my order wrong! Other than that, it was ok.
1	I was very disappointed tonight. I ordered through the drive through. Not only was my order incorrect, my burger was cold. I waited 25 minutes in line. There were 5 other cars behind me!
4	Best milkshakes ever!! I would definitely call ahead & order cause the wait is forever which I understand because everything is made to order. The burgers are great though & the milkshakes are made with ice cream!
2	If whoever owns this franchise really cares about protecting the Fatburger brand, they'll dump the crew that was working late morning on Saturday, 1/25.  My wife and I walked in and were immediately jolted by the loud, thumping dance music being played on the house system.  What?!?!  Photos of everybody from Miles Davis to T-bone Walker on the walls, and you're playing this crap?  It got worse.  We ordered at the counter, and while we were waiting another couple came in, ordered, and then sat outside to wait for their food.  We watched the young woman who took the orders deliver food to them, and suspected that she had given them our order.  sure enough, a couple minutes later, counter girl came to our table and said "I'm sorry, I accidentally gave them your order."  Really easy to see how confusing it could have been with a total of four people in the entire place!  When our food did arrive, I found a puddle of grease at the bottom of my order of half-cooked onion rings.Sad.  I like Fatburger (and part of the reason is the music selection).  but the unsupervised kids who were working that day found a way to make it a really crappy experience.
1	I am genuinely the most easiest person to please. I always drove past this location and asked myself, "Why have I NOT tried this place yet?"  We stood in line waiting to order and there was this elderly women in front of us who obviously was trying her best to take an order being it was her first time too, the cashier lady immediately got frustrated and scold the lady to pick up the tone of her voice because she couldn't hear her order.  If that wasn't rude enough a drive thru asked for her assistants and she snapped at them telling them that she's occupied, "Hold Up!"Then it was my turn to order. I gave her the benefit of the doubt and did my best to order... I decided on a medium burger, and she rudely told me... "you mean the beef medium burger?" Long story short because I don't want to write an essay...If she didn't love her job find a new one... or if she was having a bad day? Take a moment to go and breath. There should be no reason for her to mistreat her guest. Especially when you never know who that guest could be. Food came out, we noticed she missed a lot of things we requested.... disappointed because the food was actually tastey.
4	Good food! I always love the "cook2order" thing.. Fun and friendly but wish they still had the jukebox!
1	Night crew sitting around too lazy to work. Why is the open sign on at midnight?  Why are posted hours till 1am. Bad franchise owner obviously doesn't care
1	Don't try to order late night because that crew is lazy and will not take your order. They say they are open until 1am, she said no 12, we gotta clean and we will be her till 1 but you cant get no food.They were rude and unprofessional. This is the second time this happened, first time to complain. I wont be back.
4	It was a good burger. The food was plentiful as the name of the restaurant implies. Rihht now they are doing a limited time offer for a orange Creamsicle milkshake that was out of this world!! I honestly wish the serving was bigger. It was thick and creamy and delicious.
1	Me and my buddy were in the mood for burgers. It was around midnight and I suggested fat burger since he has never had one before. I told him it would be the best burger he's ever had. I looked up fat burgers and found one on flamingo and rainbow where it said the drive thru was open 24 hours. So we waited at the menu box for 5 min before 2 workers drove and waved at us to come and talk to them so we pulled up next to them. They told us that we just missed them and by that point we were confused since we were led to believe it was 24 hours. They were driving a Nissan sports car. They then had the nerve to offer us a burger for 20 bucks. That's just ridiculous. Worst experience of my life.
1	Worst Fatbutger location ever, Love the Burger though. 1- They can't hear the order properly at the drive thru window.2- Rude and to the point greeting and no smile.3- Didn't label the burger (had regular, veggie and turkey)
1	Service was slow, don't go there if you're on lunch break. I ordered 2 chicken sandwiches, poor choice and crazy EXPENSIVE! The cost for 2 sandwiches, and french fries NO DRINKS-$22.00- The chicken was some kind of rubbery processed junk- Dont bother going here! For $22 I could have got food for a week at In-and Out
5	Like the new remodel and I don't know what everyone is complaining about long wait times. All fat burgers take a little time. The food is always good and fresh and staff is friendly
1	Used to be a fan, but no longer. $13.55 for the smaller burger, fries, and a soda is outrageous. And the burger  is worse now. Meat not fried hi temp and crusty but tasting almost steamed, and the bun was barely heated and bready instead of hot and toasted. Sad but true. Also no apparent  free parking anymore. Went late and had park in back and hope I didn't get towed. The LA founder must be very upset. Not true to the Fat Burger quality and service anymore.
