4	I love Chocolate! See's is all about the free samples, see-gars, and chocolate lollipops for me. All of the samples I have had are really good, and I would consider giving the create your own box of chocolate card as a present, but they lack chocolate covered fruit. Tisk tisk.
5	How can I not give them 5 stars? How? I ask you how people? I mean, these people MAKE candy. Blocks from my house. Lots of parking. Clean. Clean. Clean. You could make smores on their floor. Wow, that even rhymes. I'm thinking bumper sticker here people. Create your own box. With the nicest of nice ladies to help you. I mean really, they have to be amped up on sugar. What else is their to nibble on? Great service. Great candy. Great location. But where was the See's Candy professional to slap that 14th piece of candy out of my hand last night as I slipped into my my milk chocolate coma on my 600 thread count sheets, nearly drowning in my 1/2 inch pool of drool? I don't care. Five stars. Five stars I say!
5	You would have to also hate puppies and Jesus if you decided that See's candy was teh suck.  The women tending the chocolate bar are like grandmotherly versions of Oopma-Loompas, bewitching your chocolate, pecan, nougat, peanut brittle, caramel, and fondant fantasies.  Oh, and they provide a free sample and a discount on purchases (a substantial percentage) if you are on their list of businesses that qualify.  I was stoked to find that my job was worth discounted chocolate.
5	Well it is the best. For me that is. It just came to me that I have never seen a male working here, do they? The women are very friendly and beyond patient, they have to be if you ever watched some people pick out a box of candy. I would be slapping them up against the wall. It is a nice open store with an abundance of product all of which I have eaten much too much over the years. I love the chocolate but I crave the peanut brittle it has to be taken away from me in order not to eat until I puke.
5	This is the store where your business can sign up for discounts, this I have always known. But the last time I was there they asked after I said we did not have the discount if I was a veteran. Wow discounts count whodathunk, cool . Peanut Brittle anyone?
5	I recently went to this See's to get a few Christmas presents. First of all, this place is awesome because right when you walk in they have free samples! The store was very clean and the people who work here are exceptionally nice. I wanted to buy a Bordeaux bar (for my mom - its her fave). The girl behind the candy counter gave me a few Bordeaux samples since they were all sold out of the prepackaged ones. They offer city employees, employees in Alhambra school district and a bunch of other companies a discount at this location.
5	Hands down, See's Candies offer the best chocolates I've ever had from a chain sweet store, ever.Though every truffle I've had the pleasure of sampling induced the "eyes closed, head tilted smile", there are a few that hold a special place in my heart (and stomach).1. The Walnut Square - Available in both a truffle and a candy bar, this dark chocolate coated chunk of heaven (butter caramel and English walnuts) haunts my reverie 2-3 times a week. The only problem with the bar is that you have to bite into it, meaning there are opportune moments to drool while eating. Embarrassing? Yes. Worth it? Yes.2. Key Lime Truffle - A totally unique, decadent delight, this creamy cube of white chocolate houses a key lime cream flavored center. It's tangy, sweet, and addictive.3. Kona Mocha - The perfect blend of texture and flavor, toasted coconut and white chocolate surround a coffee and milk chocolate truffle. If there was a coffee that tasted like this, my mornings would rock.4. Almond Truffle - Somewhat reminiscent of an inside-out sushi roll, the roasted almonds coat the outside, followed by white chocolate, and finally smooth milk chocolate in the center. They don't really look like truffles, which makes it easy to eat, oh, say, 10 of them at a time.5. Chelsea - The ultimate classy truffle, pecans and chocolate liquor surrounded by milk chocolate create a mini-explosion of awesome on your taste buds. 6. Scotchmallow - Available in a bar and a truffle, a layer of marshmallow and flavorful caramel are enveloped in dark chocolate. If I could put this between graham crackers I'd be a) in s'mores heaven, and b) a total glutton.7. Dark Almonds - Technically this is just a dark almond cluster, but I'll be damned if it's not the best almond cluster I've ever had. 8. Dark Chocolate Truffle - A pure, smooth chocolate with a bit of texture, this semisweet chocolate truffle and chocolate liquor center is topped with nut crunch. It's simple, but perfect.9/10. Mocha/Bordeaux - Both of these truffles are covered in chocolate sprinkles, which I usually hate, but for some reason, they taste amazing. The Bordeaux is a pure chocolate flavor with a hint of brown sugar, and the Mocha is chocolate-coffee (obviously) available in both milk and dark flavors.Traveling back through my childhood by writing about these exceptional chocolates has made me realize something: these are some of the best truffles I've ever had, local or not. The price is fair (maybe too fair), the quality is evident, and the selection is grand. In fact, I'd pick these over $4.00 French truffles at a shmancy-pants chocolatier any day.
5	They have an awesomely stocked chocolate walk with 7 million truffles all giving you their best come-hither bedroom eyes. I'll try to mention things others haven't:Their gift wrapping is pretty, fun, and classy. You can get something wrapped up as a present and not worry about the paper - the beautiful ribbons and flowers they put on it are lovely.They have huge fundraising boxes of chocolate that are well-priced and reasonable for your organization or cause. Also, if you are just one person that wants an enormous amount of chocolate but does not wish to be judged harshly, pick up a fundraiser box and tell 'em it's for the kids.Their peanut butter patties are the only chocolate peanut butter treat that fill my intense longing for my favorite girl scout cookies, Tagalongs. I call it Tagalonging. Thank you, See's, for helping me with my lifelong struggle with addiction.
4	This candy shop makes me nostalgic. When you walk in, it feels like the staff have worked there since they were teenagers and they've preserved their enthusiasm and excitement for the candy for years. They greet you loudly, happily, and they offer you samples. What better way to start a shopping trip?There's a few counters with preboxed items, and there's a fresh counter where you can pick out which candies you'd like. The apricot delight is very interesting and very sweet. It's a nice change of pace from the typical fruit candies. Milk chocolate strawberry cream was better than I thought it would be - perfectly balanced sweetness with the chocolate. Peanut butter pattie was nothing to write home about - I might skip it in the future. Same goes for the milk chocolate coconut. Dark chocolate chip truffle is very rich and very good and just the right portion size.Prices are great. We got 4 truffles for less than $3. In terms of quality, it's hard to beat. I wouldn't mind stopping in again.
5	This is my mums favorite chocolate.  For Grandparents Day...we tried to go to the See's at Arrowhead Mall. Called 3x and no answer.  Looked it up on Yelp, and not so good reviews.  Decided to wait and make the drive from Sun City to central Phoenix.  Glad we did. Super sweet, older lady at this location and much better reviews.  Purchased a 2 pound box of turtles.  She will love them. Which makes the drive totally worth it.
5	We love See's! Forget the delicious free samples they offer when you walk in (though they're nice!), there is so much more to love about this place.Walking through the doors is like taking a step back in time and going to an old candy shoppe.  It is always impeccably clean and the workers are always so friendly, as if they were welcoming you into their home.  Hands down my favorite treat is anything scotchmallow, but I've yet to have anything I don't like.Make sure to check if your employer is on their list to receive discounts, too!
5	I walked into See's for the first time since my childhood yesterday and was immediately greeted with a warm smile and shortly after another girl rushed over to me and handed me a sample chocolate with a smile. I told the lady I was looking for an anniversary gift and she showed and explained to me everything they had and helped me find the perfect gift and wrapped it so beautifully for me. I picked up some lollipops I remember loving so much when I was little and when ringing up at the register the lady who was helping me made sure I was happy with how she wrapped my gift and sent me off with more samples. such a wonderful experience and I'm so grateful for the wonderful lady's help making such a beautiful present. I can't wait to come back and pick up my favorite candies on a  regular basis from now on! thank you so much to all the wonderful ladies at See's!
5	I've been trying different dessert places in Phoenix this year.The Candy Stores, located in the heart of AZ,did not disappoint. We were immediately directed to a case filled with a large cross section of amazing confections,with an entire side dedicated to Candy Stores.Now for those who go for quantity , there is a special section with slices of cake that are not "aesthetically pleasing"but the slices of cake are CRAZY big! In a good way & delicious. We will definitely return.
5	The See's Candies was a little slice of heaven here on Earth if you like  Candy Stores as much as we do. It's very difficult to stay disciplined in a place like this.I actually liked the  Candy Stores the most!! My partner had the Cape Cod crunch and rocky road; she said the Cape Cod was her favorite. After browsing the beautiful candy selection. All of the employees were helpful and friendly. Who wouldn't be working there?!?!?
5	Great customer service and great candy that everyone is sure to love! This See's is conveniently located on the way to one of my favorite lunch spots, so after lunch on a Sunday, I decided to pick up a one-pound box as a gift and a small bag for myself. The younger woman at the counter was very patient with me as I selected which pieces I wanted for the box, and was also very helpful in recommending their most popular candy pieces. She was nearly spot-on with the weight (as you pay per pound), and even wrapped the box in a nice wrapping for me. Of course their candies are amazing, my personal favorites being the apricot delights (2 per cup!!), the white chocolate divinity puffs, scotch mallows, and blueberry truffles to name a few- yum! Thumbs up for great customer service in a world where it become more and more evasive.
