2	I've noticed something funny is going on in Portobello... something of a rennaissance. Part of that has been a plethora of cafes springing up, especially on the Edinburgh end of the High Street. Decided to check them out, and chose Butternut Squash, as it sounded like a healthy, tempting cafe full of the good stuff. I'm in between a 2 and a 3 star for this one. My main gripe? It's a cafe called Butternut Squash, so making me think it would have some interesting and delicious items on the menu that would involve vegetables, but what we found was standard cafe fare. Tuna mayo or prawn marie rose on sandwich, potato or baguette? Stovies, bacon rolls, mac n cheese, pasta. I did notice later that a more extensive menu than the one we found (I think the lady serving was busy when we first turned up so had to seek a menu out ourselves). It just wasn't that interesting, and as a pescatarian, the meat-heavy menu was a struggle for me to find anything. Now, on the push to a 3 star, the baked potato was huge (albeit microwaved) and a generous portion of tuna mayo was heaped on top. Bemusingly though - butter on the side - not that I wanted it, but the surgical incision of butter between cold topping and hot potato was more than I would bother with. Seemed odd to serve it that way. Nice salad on the side though. Reasonable prices too. Ultimately though, I went with a 2 star, because I felt the cafe title belied what it served. Name it after a vegetable, then serve it, or something like it!
5	I love Butternut Squash! It's a fantastic little cafe just off the Portobello promenade and offers an extensive cafe menu. It's nothing fancy and doesn't need to be - sandwiches, paninis, baguettes, burgers, lasagne etc etc. There's also local art on the walls for you to take a peek at.Every time I've visited the food has been very good, the staff friendly and smiling and the place busy and bustling. I usually sit outside to eat lunch, but now the weather is turning it looks like I might be relegated to the seats inside.Last visit saw me tuck into a huge plate of food for a fiver or so. A baguette with bacon and brie, complete with side salad and chips. It was served on a slate (personal bug bear of mine!) but aside from that my lunch was just lovely. Just what you need to refuel after a hard morning's slog through the charity shops or a wander along the beach ;) My cafe of choice in Portobello - I always try to swing by here to grab a sarnie if I'm in the neighbourhood. It reminds me a lot of the Clock in Dalry - but the Porty equivalent!
