1	We had the worst possible experience at the Eat N Park at Waterfront on 2/12/10 at around 10pm. Our waitress (Annemarie) was inattentive and got us the wrong order. We ended up with a dish we had not even ordered and still got charged for it on the check. One of my friends ordered a Buffalo Chicken Sandwich, which according to the menu description, should've had lettuce and tomato in it. But the sandwich that arrived on our table had none of those ingredients. When pointed out to the waitress, she just brought some lettuce and tomatoes in a plate! How crude! Spoke to the manager after paying the full check and first of all, she did not even offer to re-imburse for the item we did not even order, and that had been forcibly thrust upon us. When I asked the manager about the Buffalo Chicken sandwich not having any lettuce and tomato, she said they just got new menus and that description is not correct and that Buffalo Chicken Sandwich is supposed to be without lettuce and tomato! What a lame excuse! Even your online menu says under the description for a Buffalo Chicken sandwich that its supposed to have both those ingredients - "Served with lettuce and tomato on a fresh-baked Kaiser roll." - That's what the last line in the description of Buffalo Chicken Sandwich says. Shame on you Manager for lying! Instead of admitting her fault, she was blaming it to a new menu!Not only did we have to pay for something that we didn't order or eat, but we got sub-standard food that was different from what was described in the menu, and had to deal with a really bad waitress and insensitive and deceitful manager to top off the whole experience. I am never going to come back to any Eat N Park location ever again, and will never recommend one to any of my friends either. What a waste of time and money! Plus dealing with callous and lying people - my goodness, I surely had my patience tested this evening!
2	Much like every other Eat 'n Park (3 or 4 stars worth of chain-diner food), except the last five times I've been here, the service has been damn, damn, daaaaaaaamn slow.  It's always fun to see the staff smoking out back while I've waited an hour for some scrambled eggs.
3	If you must eat at Eat N Park, this is the one you want to go to. Why you ask? The corporate offices are right next door and the suits are there every day, breakfast lunch and dinner. When I spend a few hours with dear old mom, she enjoyed spending a day at the Waterfront, she loved the since closed 39 center store, where she could buy her monthly greeting cards for 39 cents each. Then we drive over to this eat n park where she has her breakfast smile and I enjoy an egg beater sandwich and fresh fruit.This place is spotless, the salad bar always looks fresh and the food is good, for a chain.
4	I like this Eat'n Park. Even though it is a chain, not all of them are created equal. The wait staff and kitchen staff really make a big difference in whether or not an Eat'n Park is worth patronizing.  Eating here, I change my mentality a bit. I always order the seven dollar BBQ burger with the salad bar add on for two dollars. In my mind, I always see myself ordering the seven dollar salad bar with a two dollar hamburger. When the salad bar is kept stocked, it has some really good and fresh items. I love that they have spinach and not just iceburg lettuce. I wish other Eat'n Parks were more like this one.
5	Great location!  I love that you can substitute burger with a veggi patti and that they have gluten free bread.  Love love love the smiley cookies :)
4	Always good food at a fair price. It's not gourmet, but they have an amazing salad/ soup bar that would put most other places to shame. Great fresh food, friendly service, and desserts to go. Can't beat it.
2	The food is usually pretty good, however the service is almost ALWAYS very VERY slow. Most of the staff are pretty friendly and sweet but there are a few sour ones in the bunch that make the experience not as nice as it could be. Although they still technically do their job, you can FEEL very negative vibes from them and see how inefficient they are with the way they do things. It's a hit and miss. Unless you know one of the servers and their schedules. The low rating is mainly for the slow service and the handful of staff members who aren't very pleasant.
3	They make a nice breakfast for less than the tip form dinner the night before.  That's not bad!
2	Eat n Park is usually decent.  This location though has HORRIBLY SLOW service.  Seriously, we never wait less than 10 minutes for a server to acknowledge us, and we live near the Waterfront, so we've given this location the benefit of the doubt numerous times.  Each time hoping that the last was just a fluke, new staff, or something.  It's not.  Doesn't matter what time we go.  It seems we are not acknowledged for several minutes, and then the service is mediocre at best.  Occasionally, we've had a stellar service, but it's few and far between.  Today, after waiting 15 minutes, then getting up to find a server in another section, we were informed that we were sitting in a "closed" section.  That server offered to serve us, but honestly, we left.  I told the hostess who seated us about the mixup, and got a blank stare.  I've never had this issue at any other EnP.  We left, drove to the Squirrel Hill location, and our orders were taken in the amount of time we wasted at the Waterfront.  Mgmt- you have a beautiful, prime location.  Get your hosts and servers on the same page!
4	Very good cheap food. Pittsburgh classic.Great desserts! The oreo pie is amazing! The servers are always very friendly. The salad bar could be a little more clean.
2	God i hate eat n park. Only reason i have gone is for the salad bar because u cant find a decent salad bar in this city. Just about every entree iv had here is nothing more than rubbish, except maybe the cheesteak. Only go if u have little kids
