5	I'm mean as far as smog checks go, this went great. I called ahead to inquire about the cost. He answered right away, I think he said 24--but they accept most competitors coupons if they're printed out. We showed up, it's next to quidoba, right across the street from DMV...very convenient. I was in and out within 15mins. But my car is 2 years old, so no smog problems here.
3	5 stars for being located right in front of the DMV and for how quick my smog check was. 5 minutes and done. Then why the 3 stars? I park next to the little building and didn't see anyone. I thought the employee might have been getting coffee since it was early morning when I arrived. After a couple minutes if waiting, the bf looked inside and saw that he was just inside sitting down. He didn't hear me pull in or say "is no one here?" That was annoying. You don't keep a customer waiting for your own personal time. Then, while my bf was getting his smog done, the employee's wife pulls in to give him his lunch. Super sweet, but then they started making out like they were alone. Seeing older people make out is not attractive nor is it professional. Anyway, I got my smog check and I'm glad I don't have to worry about it until next year. P.S. You can save time by paying your registration here instead of going across the street to the DMV. There's just a small fee.
5	This place is awesome, looks like a little shed, but the job is done in minutes! You can also register your car right there instead of going across the street and going into the dreadful DMV. Smog cost me $24 and registration was only a few dollars more than going over to the DMV
4	It was that time of year again for registration and smog check.  I had received a coupon for $7 off the regular price. Saving money is always a good thing.  I pulled up as the attendant was finishing up another customer.  It didn't take very long.  My husband and I were getting ours done at the same time.  She was quick and efficient.  While we were waiting for our vehicles, many customers pulled up for service.  I'm assuming this location is always like this being located across from the DMV.  It's easy to find just in front of Qdoba.  Parking does get a bit hectic during the busy times.  Otherwise, once a year isn't so bad.  Plus if you can get a coupon it's better!
1	This place is whack charge if you fail or if it's rejected no other place does that never go again and had an attitude i would never recommend even to my worse enemy i hope they close this place down!!
5	Great experience at this smog station! Nice gentleman helped with my service. I was in and out quickly -- Perfectly located across from the DMV. Would deff recommend "Express Smog"  to others
5	It was a quick, easy, and inexpensive way to get my smog test!  The tech was most friendly.  I used to go to the Sinclair station by the DMV, but it is now a Shell with the most rude people.  Express Smog is close to Q-Doba!  See you next year!
