3	Well, it's Walmart. This one beats the one in El Mirage because the city sales tax is a bit lower so we make the drive here for some shopping.  It has a conveniently located Desert Schools Federal Credit Union if you bank with them. One quick tip I can think of is that you can park at the back of the store in their "auto" department area.  Handy when you only have an item or two to pick up...and lets you avoid the zoo that is Walmart.
2	If this grocery were not the absolute closest to me I would never ever shop at this particular Walmart. Every single time I go they are out of something I need. Every time. The shelves always seem to need to be stocked. The staff always has this dead behind the eyes look. One time we wanted to spend a good bit of money on a TV. We asked a clerk if they had the one we wanted in the back as we didn't see it on the shelves. He said he would look and never came back. We look around 5 minutes later and he is helping someone else. Needless to say we took our 800.00 and spent it somewhere else. Their loss. If you have a choice to go to another store, then do so.
3	I don't come to this Walmart often, I usually go to the one in El Mirage. This one seems a lot more crowded, but I do my shopping here when I need to go to Desert Schools for something.
1	This Walmart sucks! I've been here numerous times and they never have their shelves stocked. Just today there were at least 5 items I had on my long list that were completely out, and it's not the first time. They have these printout papers on the shelves of how the shelves should be displayed, shouldn't that be done during the night shift?? Not during peak shopping hours. Not only that but the checkout is ridiculous as well. They have maybe 5 lanes open with at least 6 or more carts in each. While shopping we heard over the PA system the call for more cashiers, so I'm thinking oh good while I continue to shop the checkout lanes should die down. Um no 10 min later there are still only 5 lanes open and no relief in sight. Seriously Walmart? I prefer Target but the closest one is still in the process of constructing their fresh grocery section. Oh and did i mention while my niece was looking for roller blades she asked a worker where they were located within the store, and the worker referred her to check out Target. That was the best advice we received while there. Target here we come!!!
3	Boom! It's a Wal-Mart, just like every other that could well have fallen out of the sky and landed here yesterday. Walk inside and you'd never know you're in Surprise Arizona or Sunrise Florida or Branson Missouri.Wider aisles, clean signage, clean bathrooms plus all the stuff that makes a Wal-Mart into a Wal-Mart. Including a greeter, a trolley with a busted wheel and every day low prices.
4	I really like this Wal*Mart. Wide isles, lots & lots of selection. We were used to the one up in Page (which sucks!) & were really delighted with this one!
3	Wal Mart's are what they are. The prices are okay here, but it has begun to get a bit shabby, and more like the lower end of what I would expect to see on the "people of Wal Mart page". They do have a market here, and some of their food is pretty decent.Overall the staff is very nice. I had one problem here a long time ago when I tried to get photos developed, so I would stay away from that
4	Has about everything you need, but forget about asking for help. The employees are not very helpful.
3	Place is kinda dirty...needs a remodel
4	It's Walmart.... Look at "People of Walmart" and see why this place offers Unlimited entertainment while you shop!!  :) It's nice when the Snowbirds are away, once they have landed, I'll stick to El Mirage.  The new 303 store is smaller than these 2, but larger than the one on Reems. My friend was in a car accident on the 303 in 07.  Car was totaled out and the cars seats for her twins needed to be replaced.  The manager donated 2 top of the line (for WalMart) replacements for us to give to her.  That was super kind.  I'm going to go from 3 stars to 4 for that alone.
1	I went in to buy some car care products for my Firebird. I went in to get Engine degreaser + shiner, heavy duty silicone lubricant and, of course, air freshener. I got to the checkout and the silicone rang up as 18+. I said I was 17, and then said nevermind about it. I then asked why it was 18, and the cashier stated "it has a propensity to be abuse by teens like you." Previously I had not been able to buy the engine degreaser, bt was able to buy the silicone. Before that they wouldn't let me buy either one. When I said nevermind he cancelled the whole order. I said I wanted the rest and he sighed and scanned it all again. I got home looked at the receipt and guess what there was a charge for, "hd silicone." After all that I tried to call in to talk to customer service, some what late at night, since I stopped by on my way home from work and after about 5 min of ringing the phone I got sick of waiting and hung up. It's a pain to even go into to show it to them, because I'm in Wittmann, which is about a 15 minute drive. I can not believe that the cashier would say something like that, then not give me the product, and then still charge me for it.
2	This is the closet retail store to my house, so I shop there occassionally. The last time I shopped there, I couldn't believe how rude an associate was. I was walking down the main aisle by food(on the right side), and a male associate was coming toward me on the same side. I kept walking, he looked at me and kept walking. When we were about to walk into each other, I had to step aside. No excuse me, nothing. How rude.
3	It's Walmart. What kind of review can we write over and over? I'll buy almost anything here. I think the one thing I won't buy fruit and veggies. Don't know why? I'll buy meat here, milk, eggs, oh not chicken. I think that's because I see those items sit out after returns and never go back fast enough. Or I am just too picky and buy those items at Safeway or Fry's.
2	"Old" Wal Mart is always an adventure.
2	Walmart is another place I do not like to spend my money, but again! You have to do what you have to do! I really don't understand how you can have Target supporters, and Walmart supporters! I think they are the same, just different colors on the store!! Heck, you can bring me to one store, blind fold me, take me to the other store, and I'll think we still at the first store!!! Same crap, different name! Service is ok, they try! But sometimes it just won't work! This location is pretty big, but there is a lot of people who shops here. You get cheap products at a cheap price, if you want some reliable products? You need to shop somewhere else. So we come here a lot during christmas. We buy a lot of our donated gifts here. Wife loves to give during Christmas! Maybe that's why our church likes her so much??
1	Spend 20 minutes shopping 40 in the line and the place was so dirty and the employees are just not happy at all.Target here I come.
2	Not really used to this Wal-Mart there is not much of selection like the one that I go to. I can say that there is a really nice lady that works in auto area that was so helpful. Oh and a man that works cashier in garden he is really nice too. I may have to come here more often to get used to this one. We shall see.
2	Horrible customer service.  I guess you shouldn't expect the cream of the crop, but halfway friendly wouldn't be bad.
3	I was recently shopping in the women's section of this store. I was looking at some jeans, and a woman comes to me and says "I don't think you want to buy these." I thought maybe it was another customer who had a bad experience with this product.  The woman then proceeds to another section and says these would be better for your.  I then saw her name tag, and that she was a store employee.  She then proceeds to tell me that she didn't think those others would be good as she stated "um well... since you are on the round side."  I was flabbergasted.  I walked past her and told her I thought she was quite bold in her comment.  She then says "Oh well I'm sorry, I just hate seeing people shop in an area they shouldn't be shopping."  I am not that big of a person, and who is she to tell me where I should and shouldn't shop or purchase in the store.  I filed a complaint to the floor manager, as well as with corporate.  I have never received any feed back.
2	This walmart was really icky. And it made me go bazerk! There were zero cashiers and 50 people trying to buy their products. I had to wait in line for over 30 minutes just to buy my tampons.
2	There are two other walmarts in this area and I suggest you go to them if you have to return anything unless you enjoy having your blood pressure go up and felt like a criminal.  According to one of their employees, they are the "best" store in the country and have all the commercials filmed there which I highly doubt. Whenever you try to return something they give you a dirty look and will argue with you on why they won't take your return. I had one person run their finger around the shrink wrap of mascara to make sure I didn't try to open it. The mascara was only $2. I gotta say this is a huge Walmart but like all Walmarts expect to wait in line for about 1,000 years till you get to the register. It's usually calm at night time but the night crew that work there are really weird.
5	Their vision center is great, I went to a nationwide vision center and was very displeased by the care I got there, I went last night to Walmart vision center the staff is friendly helpful and talkative, there prices are actually affordable compared to some other optical centers I bought two pairs of glasses they were  $150 dollars cheaper then nationwide vision center price which is only seven minutes away from this Walmart vision center I will not be going anywhere else for my glasses now
