4	New places usually rock. I got this flyer for this place a few weeks ago not knowing it was only up the street and off the beaten path. As an adventurous attempt to partake in a new and glorious experience. Plus the fact I was HAWNGRY, there was bright red neon in the horizon. I thought...Hmmm pretty light. Myke like....It turned out to be my junk mail advertisement of "ohh come here and win a free 42 in flat panel" Which hopefully I win. So in an attempt to fulfill my hunger, you walk in with these huge double doors into a place called Kokomo. The walls have murals with cheesey art from the beach and little sayings..."No matter how beautiful she is, some guy out there is sick of her stuff." "One tequila two tequila, three tequila floor"After being seated, we ordered the Golden Sombrero Bucket.Golden Sombrero "Fiesta" Bucket Our Most Incredible Bucket of All!Includes all of the following! a half pound Certified Angus Flat Iron Steak a whole 1-1/2 lb seasonal lobster a pound of luscious King Crab legs a half dozen Baja style shrimp a grilled marinated breast of chicken grilled corn on the cobUnlimited Ceasar's salad bar. Unlimited Rice and beans. WTF?It was like 69 or somethin. Dollars not the hippity dippity. Ok so baja style is seasoned and flash fried goodness. Yea it was great!The salad bar was very fresh with not only ceasar's dressing - but cotija cheese mix, mango salsa, etc. The crab legs were moist and delicious. The steak was medium rare perfect. Everything was good - except I'm not a big bean fan. So it was ok. eh. Definitely if you find this place check it out. They have a good drink menu. Mostly ritas....and they have gaming. Now this is the same one from Newport Beach which is what the owner said. It is a franchise place, but it's definitely pretty good and definitely worth coming back for!Plus I gotta win that TV!
3	Music is a little loud for lunchtime (Jimmy Buffet-style).  Lunch bowls quite plentiful, and the Baja shrimp was delicious. Also fabulous  was the lobster corn chowder.  Corona was cold, but not really icy.  I plan to go back around dinnertime some night, and I expect it to be a little crowded.  Given what's going up in this neighborhood you probably will start finding a wait for a table.
2	I had heard such wonderful things about this place that I was positively bouncing to go. If I hadn't been so excited I might have ended giving it more stars.If you're hungry and not too picky, then this is probably a pretty good place as the portion sizes are huge. The quality of the products used were fine, and the ambiance of the restaurant was nice and festive, especially the semi-live music. However, things went pretty down hill from there.I ordered my shrimp steamed (because nearly *everything* is flash fried). The waiter made a big deal about how much longer it would take to steam the shrimp, which seemed strange to me because it only takes about 5 minutes at home to steam shrimp. Lo and behold, the shrimp was rubbery and overcooked. The "slipper lobster" tail on the other hand was gooey and had the texture of something that was already half masticated. Sure, it's my fault for not realizing that a slipper lobster wasn't a real lobster, but guh! I really don't think it was supposed to feel like someone's already chewed food. I nearly gagged!I had some of my step-brother's regularly prepared shrimp and it was better than the steamed, but still overcooked and rubbery. The seasoning on it tasted suspiciously like the Old Bay stuff from the grocery store. The stuff in the shaker was the same and I'm pretty sure it WAS Old Bay.The beans at least were fairly good, as was the chipotle honey butter. The rice was so-so, pretty much like the "spanish rice" you can get anywhere else. The salad bar was very limited, which I suppose is ok because it was labeled a Caesar salad bar. There were no vegetables other than the marinated carrots you can get at Robertos. And their only low calorie/low fat option for dressing was a very bitter tomatillo sauce. Tomatillo on a caesar salad bar but no olives? Sure! Here's an idea, just call it a soggy salad bar so there are no expectations.My advice, get together with your friends, chip in 20 bucks, go to Whole Foods, and then make your own seafood festival at home. It'd be cheaper and way better.
3	This place is definitely a place I'd go back to!  I'm hard to please, i barely eat but I couldn't keep my hands off their combo bucket.  the crab was not over-cooked, the steak was nicely marinated and the shrimp was a good size.I also had the mango margarita, so, so delish!!!the music was...  entertaining.the blue pool tables were also a nice touch though I didnt have time to play pool bec I had a flight to catch. definitely a place I will frequent in vegas!!finger-lickin good!!!!
