2	It was a little too crowded for my likings, but ok. Certainly not the best piano bar I have ever been to. They played great songs, and just as I would be getting into it they would try and change the words with what they thought were funny lyrics. Maybe I hit it on a bad night, I could see the potential, but I am not rushing to go back.
5	Dueling Pianos- are you kidding me!!!! this place gets insanely crowded, but if you can make your way up to the piano for a request you might literally DIE when they play it.  after 75 shots of whatever you get some rando to buy you- that ONE song- might just put you over the edge.  i think i shed a tear when i heard the opening to "brown eyed girl" and then sang along at the top of my lungs like a crazy crack head on market street!!  what happens in vegas goes on yelp.
5	Great times had by all! If you ever wondered what it would be like to be on American Idol, see the drunken, tone deaf competition face to face- singing at the top of their lungs. They play classic rock, top 40, 80's, 90's and whatever else someone tips them to play. The pianists are incredibly talented and it is always crowded. I've been every year since I turned 21, definitely one of the not to miss spots in Vegas, especially if you are there on a week night when the real clubs are all closed.
5	Great place to start the night in Vegas off! All the performers are very entertaining.....they seem to know every song there is!! Gets crowded every night and quickly as well so I recommend going early and reserving a table....if you get a table and love to drink, sing, and have fun, you easily can make a night out of this place! One of my favorite bars- everyone there is just looking to have a good time!
4	This place is always crowded when I go by.  Ridiculously, can't get in, people standing outside crowded.  I hate crowds.I always, always stop.Why?  Who can resist dueling pianos??  And dueling pianos done WELL?  With all of those horrible pop songs you don't want to admit knowing all the words to?  This bar is just a good time, plain and simple.  I would never go there as a destination, but it's one of the places I always bring visitors when I'm doing the Strip thing and if I was a tourist I wouldn't want to miss it.
4	How perfect are these lyrics for a Vegas night:"With the lights out, it's less dangerous Here we are now, entertain us "Didn't know Nirvana could be the poets of Sin City, did you?  Neither did I, but when you find yourself crowded into the Bar at Times Square with over 200 soused, crazy people singing the quintessential song of teen angst at the top of your lungs at 2am you, too, will become a believer.  I can think of other ways to have fun late on a Sunday night but a dueling piano bar fueled by rising tips and the craziness of group behavior definitely makes the list.  Leave your cynicism at the door and prepare to lose your voice.
4	I have mixed feelings about this bar.  It's crowded.  It's commercial and corny.  The sexual innuendo is sophomoric.But so what?  It's fun!  Join the other drunken crazies and sing along.  Tip the singers, and they'll play a song of your choosing.  Tip them even more, and they might let you take the spotlight and sing.
3	I have mixed feelings about the Bar at times Square.It is excellent entertainment - the deuling pianos and the audience participation - can't be beat  .... songs you love to sing along with ...What I object to is the "Butt Tax" they put on the table seating. Here you are with friends at a table drinking along with the music, Singing and yelling when you are supposed to sing and yell. You have been having a great time since the pianos started at 5:30. You don't even mind or care that the drink price went up a dollar after the entertainment started.BUT ..... at  7:30 they tell you that there is a $15.00 per person charge if you are sitting - even though you have been there two hours getting with the program.... Or that people have reserved the table ahead and you can go stand among the crowd on the other side of the room ....I can see $350.00 bottle service at the clubs in town - I just do not see a $15.00 "Butt Tax" at the Times Square Bar.Love the place - hate the tax ...Maybe somebody can help me with this...
3	Yes, the dueling pianists are great, but the cover isn't. To experience the entire ambiance without the price or the effort of trying to jam yourself into the sweaty mob, the easiest thing to do is to head into the pizza place adjacent to it, get a couple slices of your favorite pie, grab a few beers from the vendor on the corner, and score an outside table from where you can look right in (you'll be less than ten feet from the piano). It works best if you have two or more folks, so if you're flying solo in vegas I'd suggest you get the hooker you're with to get the drinks - she may get them for free, and at least that way you won't have to worry about passers-by chatting her up and scoring your vantage point!
5	This is what the new Vegas was all about New Exciting Entertainment cloaked in a throw back themeDueling Pianos sining new, old, obscure and obscene songs with a lively crowd - what more could you want Yes it can be crowded beyond reasonYes drinks cost an arm and leg But this is drunken fun with 200 of your closet friends Have a drink and sing along
4	Best place to have a great time without spending a ton of cash.  The pianists are great and know enough songs to hold your attention for two or three hours.  They really rock.  On Friday and Saturday nights when the place is busy, there's a cover if you want a table but standing is still free.  Drinks aren't too expensive and they've a full selection of everything.  My main complaint is having to endure the "happy birthday" and "itty-bitty weeny" bullshit they play every other song.  I know it pays the bills with tips from 21st birthday groups and groomsmen parties, but I'd rather pay a per-person cover than put up with it.
3	well, what a wonderful place and i would go to this place every day and every night if and only if:- they kicked out all the zillions of drunkie guys inside trying to hit on anything that walks, or rather crawls.such unfortunate that i thought i've finally found the dream bar of mine. would be the best thing to explore a live piano spot like this in Chicago where you can sing along all those cheesy old songs you missed, and get cheap beers.
3	Totally a drinking place disguised as a piano bar. $10 cover, overpriced drinks, and a packed atmosphere.  Everyone thinks they are going to get lucky in Las Vegas, but th only way you'll be lucky here is to pay for it.   Overrated.   The pianists are good though, as long as they are runnning dueling pianos.
5	Best night out in Vegas was spent here, hands down.       And I realized the best nights in Vegas are the ones that aren't planned.I stumbled into this place, by accident when I was in Vegas with my Sister.  We couldn't resist the singing packed crowd inside!  Let me try and paint you a picture, even though I still know I wont do this place the  justice it deserves.     We walk in and I am already getting excited!  The piano man is jamming right along, people are singing Mrs. American Pie, they're dancing, they are drinking, there are hot foreign guys everywhere, and someone is asking to buy us a drink every time we turn around!  Yes I am at home, please leave me here for the next four hours.  This place is mainly packed full of guys, and the best part, guys with accents that aren't even from here.  My kind of place!  We proceed to drink and sing to our little hearts content.  I was never empty handed here.  Literally. I had a drink in one hand and a hot guy on the other spinning me around the dance floor singing with me all night! As I said, leave me here for a couple hours.   I'll be just fine.    I am singing at the top of my lungs with everyone else: " Sing us a song, youre the piano man  Sing us a song tonight  Well, were all in the mood for a melody  And you've got us feeling alright "I now  can't even hear   " La la la, de de da   La la, de de da da da "Without smiling and wanting to get up and get a group sing along going with everyone in the room.
4	I went to the dueling pianos in the NYNY hotel with a bunch of New Yorkers and east coasters.  Need I say more?  (lol)  It was the best night that I had in Vegas.  The coverage charge depends on if you want to be in the "standing only" section or in the tables and seating section (this section costs more).  The one actual piano and synthetic piano aka keyboard separates the two areas.  We arrived after 11 pm and it was packed and loud!  You couldn't tell which body part belonged to who and where everything went!  The pianists:  rebel bad boy vs. good boy next door. The requested songs are written down and turned in with tips, which seems like it was starting at $20.  FYI - just because you request a song AND with money, it will be played (or not) at the pianist's discretion (lol).  That night it was a duel between classic oldies to eighties and nineties rock hits.  Truce between the pianists finally came when the U2 hit "With or Without You" was being performed and when it got to the "Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh" all of my friends, ALL 200 of THEM, threw our arms around each other and belched that chorus line from deep within our drunken hearts!It was not great piano music, the pianists were lewd, obnoxious, but funny as heck and when you have a room full of fellow drunk karaokers - hey it becomes a night worth experiencing!
5	Amazing piano bar! OK, the drinks are expensive, but were comparable to other places in Vegas. The dueling piano show they do is amazing and really gets the crowd going. You can pay to sit at a table or stand by the pianos for free. If you don't mind a crowd, the standing is the way to go. I was dancing and singing at the top of my lungs all night. I finally had to force myself to leave at 2:30 am -- they close at 3am.
4	Expensive but so much fun!Located inside NY NY this is a typical dueling piano bar just x3 dollars :)  Two bars to stumble to for drinks.  Seems like there's always more dudes there but there's always hot chicks for the single guys.My girlfriend had never been to Vegas and I decided to take her here for her first night out and we had so much fun.  Great songs always to sing along with and especially towards the end of the night - everybody sings with so it's not like a lame Karaoke bar.Always a great mix of people in here from everywhere and everybody always seems friendly also.  The Crown Royal flows like waterfalls, which keeps me happy :)Tips make the songs play and the piano guys always seem to get some sort of theme going on, especially towards the end of the night and will usually put two groups present against each other.  Like that night there were a bunch of guys from Ireland and some chicks from Canada... the piano guys basically said whatever side's song gets the most points (dollars) will play as the final song of the night... Irish won ;)Cover I think was $15 for standing side and $25 for sitting side... I'd say stand and have more fun.  Sitting side always looks more boring anyways.They're open till 0300, which for some reason is a good time to start walking to a great breakfast place. I think we made it to a place in the flamingo or something.Anyways... party on wayne :)
4	The Bar at Times Square is an awesome place to get drunk at. Plus, I love that you don't have to get dressed up. Usually, the crowd is friendly and loud. Everyone has the same agenda and that is to get trashed and have a good time. I also love that they have dueling pianos here. They know every song and they know them well. They really get the crowd involved. I swear everyone sings along. If you are looking for a fun night, you will definitely find it here.
4	If you don't find dueling piano's fun then something is really wrong with you!! On Friday and Saturday nights there is a cover charge of $10 but any other day it's free. When we were there a guy and girl team was playing, both actually had major talent. They played everything from classic rock to rap, it was crazy!! The room is just one big rectangle, with a U shaped bar on one side, the piano's in the middle and tables on the other side. You get kind of packed in and don't be surprised if you are sharing a table with strangers. The drinks aren't cheap but the show is worth it.
5	Crowded, rowdy, drunken, sweaty, loud fun.  The fun I had here was worth whatever I paid.  Hope you have the same experience!
5	I have been to this bar 6 or 7 times for different occasions.1.  July 2006, The first time I went with my sister and friend, we got there somewhat early (smart), and we proceeded to watch the place fill up in no time.  The piano players were fun, kept the crowd going... we didn't have too much trouble getting to the bar.  My sister met a cute guy from England she ended up marrying (NOT that same weekend!), but I can't promise you'll have the same experience.  :)2.  October 2006, The second time I went with a group of girls.  Standing side.  Had a great time, but wondered what I needed to do to get a table.3.  August 2007, I was planning my sister's bachelorette party and thought it might be fun to go back to the place she met her husband with the wedding party a couple nights before their big day.  I called and arranged for some tables and an open bar for our guests.  I tried to order food for the party through them, and they said they couldn't do it since they are a bar.  (Can't allow smoking if you serve food.)  BUT, they let me order pizza from the place inside NYNY and carry it in.  Cheaper for me, everyone's happy.  We had a server named Rita who was awesome!  The piano players make a big deal about the guests of honor - great photo ops.  And it seems easier for me to accomodate a large group at a piano bar rather than a club.  We had a very diverse group since it was a wedding party.  Half of our party was from England.  We had a wide range of ages.  Everyone loved it.  Who doesn't like Billy Joel?  4.  July 2008, My brother had a co-ed bachelor/bachelorette party in Vegas, and since they had so much fun at the party before we decided to have it there again.  I arranged to get Rita to work our party again.  Again, it was great.5.  October 2008, I met a friend in Vegas for Halloween, and decided to take her there.  We decided to dress up in costumes, and I'm glad we did.  Everyone was wearing them.  I called ahead and made reservations for a table.  It was $50 for both of us.  TOTALLY worth it for me to have a little space.  I think the cover that night was $10 anyway, which we didn't have to pay in addition to the $50.  So I was happy.6.  I was just there last July with a group of about 12 people for a birthday weekend in Vegas.  As you can see, this bar has become my standby for a place to take a group.  We got a table again ($25 per person), and we brought in pizza again.  Everyone had a blast.  The piano players roasted the birthday girl.  It was casual, everyone had fun.  We got Rita again.  If you're planning to get tables, it's definitely worth it to see if she's available.  She's awesome.I noticed a lot of reviewers complained about the whole tipping for songs issue.  It IS a little uncomfortable in the beginning.  I cringe a little bit when a newcomer writes down their request and puts it up there with $5.  They will give you a hard time.  But, as the night (and drinks) go on... it gets better.  People get into it.  You're suddenly paying $50 to hear your college fight song.  There have been nights I haven't made any requests, and I still had a great time.  If there is a song you really want to hear, you can request it.  But I can also promise if you wait, someone else will request it anyway.It's my favorite Vegas bar.  :)
3	my friends and i got in for free, so that was a good start. they played good songs on the piano and they were very into it! i had fun here, but it's only a bar, so i'm giving it only 3 stars =)
4	Love it Love Love Love it. Right in the heart of  the Times Square action, great people watching and lots of fun singing along with the dualing piano guys and crowd. They didn't do Billy Joel when I was there, which I'm not hurt by that, in fact they did Enter Sandman by Metallica, they did Journey and AC/DC..just my style and they nailed it!I actually sat outside the bar, ordered drinks from them and did my partying on the outside...met lots o interesting drunk Vegas folk outside this place. Highly reccommend if that is your style..but if your looking for a quiet little secluded place where you don't want to be seen, this is not the place!
5	I consider 10 people too many for Vegas because it's so hard to bring everyone's moods and interests in line. Well the dueling piano did the trick. We went on a Sunday night during the Mosley/Mayweather/Kentucky Derby weekend so needless to say it was a bustling scene. The mixture in the crowd was great. Canadians. Australians. People from all over the USA. Great time had by all... we all ended up shouting at the top of our lungs.AND... they EVEN played my request. The A-Team theme song! Couldn't believe it! They rocked! Also, they had two options for seating... $15 each gets you a table and they had no cover on the other side of the bar which was standing room only. After the girls changed shoes, we dancing and bounced the night away in the free section. Highly recommended.. and a great, fun, easygoing alternative to the posh clubs. The majority of folks had way more fun here. 5 stars!
3	This used to be a super-fun place to hang out and hear great music.  I realize these guys work for tips, but come on!  When the Canadian National Anthem & the Hockey Song take up nearly 30 min while they are trying to get an American to pony up $51 to stop it...I may need to find a new favorite party bar!
2	The pianists are honestly amazing, but the venue is meh, along with the bartenders. First of they try to charge you like 10 bucks to get in when you can just sit at the bar from the outside and listen in (both bars face both inside and outside, genius architecture from someone who wants to charge people to get in).  The bartenders also forget who they ID, even when the person has a tab open, so you need to keep it out. And if for some reason you do pay to get in, good luck finding a spot to stand. You will be watching the pianists on tiny little TVs that are waaaay up on the ceiling.
3	I'm going to try and be fair and give this place three stars because this is the only piano bar I've been to so I've nothing to compare it to. I've come here over the years when my cousin comes to town and I also came here last weekend . I've gathered enough data to come to the conclusion that I don't like piano bars. If I want to listen to Journey, Billy Joel and other soft rock I'd rather turn it to the easy listening station and enjoy it when I'm at home. If you don't want to pay a cover check in at the door I think it's before 9:00pm. We checked in went upstairs to relax  get ready and came back around 11:30pm it was dead for a Saturday night. My cousin thought this would be better than going to the dance club Rok because she thought she was getting too old for it ."I told her that even though we are older... I'm too young to be here! I just prefer dance music if I'm going to be going out to some place loud. Personally I'd rather chill in a coffee shop and have stimulating conversation ...I'm at an age where I just want to relax.
3	Can't really rate this much better or worse than a 3 star.  We got a few drinks before heading out to Cirque du Soleil's Mystere.  The server was really chill.  The drinks weren't weaksauce like some places.  Didn't stay long.
4	The people here make me proud to be a New Yorker.  Too often "NYC" themed bars have rude staff that they justify with "that's NYC for you."  Not this place. It was totally fun and very chill.
1	$10 cover charge on a Tuesday? I know it's Vegas but for f*cks sake, that is just ridiculous. Music is ok and the drinks are average. Standing room only and make sure you wear something you don't care about because you will get spilled on. If you are in NY NY hit up 9 Fine Irishmen instead. Better bartenders and live music with no cover charge.
5	This dueling piano bar is as good as it gets.  I've been to Vegas 5 times and I make sure to get to The Bar at Times Square at least once each visit...preferably more.  The performers are fantastic, and the crowd is great too.  I will continue to visit this bar every time I go to Vegas.
4	What a nice piano bar!! Prices are pretty good for drinks and you get to listen to live music..they will also play any song on request!!!!
5	Two words: Bohemian Rhapsody!
4	The first time I went here this place was crowded, way too crowded because of the dueling pianos. Also it was nighttime when everyone else was there. This time, we went during the day, which is the only way to go. They still had the pianos going and this time, the had cheap jello shot specials!
4	Dueling pianos!!!  I LOVE this place!!!  It's even better when it's packed  :)As much as I look forward to coming here every time I'm in Vegas, there are a couple things that keep it from being absolutely perfect.  The cover for standing bar-side runs $10-15, and the cover for seats at a table is usually $20-25 per person.  It's usually packed, so order a couple drinks at a time since it might be ages before you get another chance to order the next round.I came here in February and was shocked to see:1. The place was EMPTY -- You don't realize how much energy you borrow from the fellow bar-goers until they're missing.  And they still charged a high cover  :(2. Our waitress was SUPER pregnant.  No offense to pregnant women, but it felt really awkward to be drinking in a Vegas bar at 1am with a pregnant woman running around serving people.  I felt really bad for her.  I kind of wanted to offer to do her job for her so she could sit down and rest.  Buzz kill #1.3. Buzz kill #2: The credit card machine wasn't working, so we had to fill out credit card authorization forms by hand to pay for our drinks.Despite February's Times Square fail, I came back this weekend to give it another shot because it's been one of my favorite places for years.  This time it was back to normal.The musicians are really talented, but they often repeat songs within just a short time.  **Is this "Don't Stop Believing" AGAIN?**  Don't get me wrong -- I love that song!  But hearing it dueled twice in one night makes me feel like maybe my time at this particular location has run out and I should move on to the next bar ...Despite the uber-high cover, you should definitely make your way over here at some point to check it out.  Get a few drinks in your system so you can sing along at the top of your lungs without any hesitation  :)
4	I love dueling piano bars.  I love them even more when they are packed to the gills with people having a great time, drinking liberally, and singing along (badly) with the piano players.  This piano bar fits the bill!We arrived at the bar at about 9pm looking for a quick drink before heading into Zumanity.  There was no cover as long as you were willing to stand.  To sit at a table was $25!  My wife and I ordered a Long Islands.  They were strong and reasonably priced (for Las Vegas.)  Service was quick and pleasant.  We spent about 30 minutes singing along and enjoying our drinks.  About half way through our time there, new piano players came.  All four of them were amazing.I would recommend this as a first bar of the night before heading out to the clubs.  Or if you are not a club person, as a last stop of the night after dinner and a show.
3	This is one of my favorite bars anywhere ever in the universe, so why the three star rating?It's expensive. On my last trip here, my party paid $100 for the privilege of sitting down on the table'd side, as opposed to standing on the non-table'd side. Sitting is the way to go if you're in a large party and want to sit together, standing is the way to go when you're on a date and need an excuse to get really close to your friend. I digress. We bought a few drinks at the table, and my tab was $40. There were four of us! Two of us ordered beer! What did the girls order? Adamantium?! Jeez!I just feel that spending that amount of money was too much for a drink and seating. Maybe that's just me. Other than that, this place is pretty awesome when it's packed. The more packed the place gets, the more fun it gets. You need people here who want to sing along to Billy Joel, The Eagles, Air Supply... or you need people who have had too many beers and don't care about sounding like braying mules. Either way, you need people here. When this place starts to thin out, the synergy drops too quickly. Also, it gets lame when the guys keep asking you for money. I mean, come on. I get it, I have to pony up if I want to hear Eye of the Tiger, but to interrupt me like 1 minute into my jam because someone gave you $60 for Garth Brooks?! Come on!On my last excursion out here, the place got dead around midnight, which is entirely too early in Las Vegas. It should be swamped then, no? By 12:30, it was clear they were trying to get everybody into it, but it wasn't working. The mojo was gone. On previous trips there, the magic has been there all night. One night, a few years ago, the music was perfect, the crowd was hot, everyone had liquid courage, and the ladies (who were also strippers) were really putting on a show to music of Bon Jovi. Epic win.
1	I have been here many times and had great times in the piano area. It was already getting late so we decided to sit at the bar, play poker and listen to dueling piano. The bartender was a complete JERK! Super rude and disrespectful. I put in my ticket t of 4.89 and started play. I was about to pull a $20 to get my "free" drink. I ordered a Captain and Coke and so did my BF. It came in a little plastic cup and he said 9.75! I laughed because I thought he was joking. He said no free drink with what you have in there in a sarcastic belittling way. I know this is "NY" but come on don't be rude about it. I should him the $20 I had that and slid it in the machine. I hate when people assume I do not know any better and try to take advantage. He grumpily took the ticket and changed to price and slammed the cup down. He completely killed the night and my buzz. We were enjoying ourselves to the fullest and were completely taken back of this guys attitude. I didn't even want to sit there anymore. There was tension and my BF was fuming. I am surprised he didn't dump the drink on the machine. Oh and it was the worst Captain and Coke I ever had. How did I get a better drink at the penny machines, playing less??? Hmmmm This bartenders attitude and rudeness left an awful bitter taste. I didn't want to argue or make a scene and didn't want to get my BF even more fired up. I played a few rounds of poker and tried to play it off because I really did want to enjoy myself. My BF cashed out because he was so upset and the bartender threatened him to pay the 9.75. Mind you my BF also put more money in the machine and lost already. There are so many ways this bartender could of handled this. Yes it was already late the music was loud but still this guy got me very upset and I felt taken advantage of. I was only there for one night and told my BF how great the bar is. He did not even want to go. I told him this will be the last drink and look what happened. Lesson learned..... next speak up or just throw that $20 in the damn machine. We played let it ride, black jack, slots and roulette. So believe me we played and payed for damn nasty Captain coke many times over again. We wanted to find someone to complain but like I said this bartender ruined the end of the night and our mood. I wish I could tell that bartender a piece of my mind and just thinking about it gets me fired up. I guess that is what Yelp. This may sound petty and silly however when you are excited for something and want a great experience and only have 24 hours in Vegas it is a bummer when someone can just kill it. OK I said my piece.
1	Not only did we have to pay $25 cover to get in to this place (we got a table), but they wouldn't even play your song unless you gave at least a $20 tip!  They kept making comments about how much people were paying for each song and trying to get people to pay more, which I found extremely tacky.  People were paying over $100 for one song at some points, but if someone else came up and offered them more money they would stop right in the middle of it and start singing the new song.  I've heard the Piano Bar at the Encore is a lot better--they actually play songs all the way through instead of spending the whole time trying to make you feel cheap for not giving big enough tips with your song requests.
1	The dueling pianos were good... the video screens to watch the people dancing in front of the pianos were better... but the bartenders were the worst we had on the trip. Or, the worst I've had anywhere in recent memory. Why a bartender would ignore customers when they're not busy doing anything else is kind of a mystery to me. While there's plenty of rudeness to go around at bars, I wouldn't expect it to be sourced from the people serving drinks.Also, they have a very strict ID policy here, and the door guy looked at mine about as long as the TSA guy at the airport did. And yes, the law is the law, but this was the first time I'd been ID'ed in sin city. Strange enough it was worth noting.
5	This is the place to go to and this is the thing I love about New York New York. Plasmas lining the wall with sports and random tv shows. But really, if you're at The Bar at Times Square, you shouldn't be watching TV. There are two dueling pianos with amazing musicians playing on them. The musicians are charming and I adored one of them and after our fun little banter, he played all the songs I requested. If you get there at 8, there aren't many people, so get yourself situated (unless you're a fancy VIP) and stand in front. It will get crowded and people will stand in front of you and they filter in. Be prepared - I know it's Vegas - but a Newcastle is $8. At first when the bartender told me, I thought he was joking.
1	After my husband I and I had gone to the Dueling Piano bar at Harrah's, we thought we'd check out this one. We went on Halloween night initially, it looked like it had potential. But we were very disappointed to find out that they were charging $15 per table.That explained why everyone was standing on one side fo the bar and most of the tables on the opposite side were still available. We thought that it felt quite opportunisitc. So we ended walking all the way back to Harrah's and had a great time there.
3	very loud better to sit outside and enjoy this place
3	They have a great HH (for the strip)! From 4-8 pm, 50% off food and $5 drinks. This was a life-saver, we were starving and didn't wanna pay an arm and a leg. Our burgers were really good, and it was $7.50 for a cheeseburger and fries. The kitchen messed up my hubby's order, and the bartender was very nice about taking it back, and comped him a drink. I was driving, so I didn't have any drinks, but the hubby seemed happy with his. Friendly people, good burgers, good HH prices.
5	We come to Vegas 5-6 times a year and no matter what we are coming for we always start each night at The Bar at Times Square in New York New York Casino. The place isn't huge but it has the best atmosphere, best patrons, best drinks and best bartenders (ask for Mario, he is our favorite). The dueling pianos will have you singing along to all the songs you didn't even know you knew the words to. Everyone is having so much fun that you will meet tons of people that you can hang out with all weekend long. The only down part is that they close earlier than the clubs, but other than that, I only have rave reviews for my favorite bar in Vegas. We have stopped in so many times for one or two drinks and before we know it the whole night has passed by while we sang and made new friends. You have to love a bar like that! Plus, cover is only $10!Best place to kick off your night in Vegas!
3	Came here during an NFL playoff game (the later one in the day).  It emptied out after the first game, so we snagged a table facing a TV.  Please be aware... there is a TV in almost every corner so any seat will do!  Apparently, the food menu is the size of a little stand on the table.  I got the onion rings (OK, but overpriced for the 10 of them I received).  My boyfriend snagged a chicken sandwich (also overpriced, but at least more tasty and filling).  Waitress came by only once to deliver food and have us pay.  No offers to refill my drink, etc. or ask what else we needed.  I'll give it another try one day if only for location - central to NYNY casino floor and convenience.  Next time, we'll bring food in from another place.
4	Had a great time there just last week. Music was right on. Meet someone great. Wish I had got her contact info. If that vet's out there please let me know. P.S. Good place to meet mature people.
4	Great piano bar, but it's standing room only unless you want to cough up $15 per person to sit.  Not too busy, so bar service was fast.
4	This bar was packed on a Saturday night so we decided to stop an and enjoy a few songs.  Obviously it was standing room only as we weren't willing to get a table on the VIP side since we were just passing through.First thing I noticed was: "whoa....is that AC/DC being played on the piano?"  Sorry, but I'm still envisioning Angus Young dancing across the stage in his schoolboy outfit.  I'd like to see him do THAT with a piano.  Regardless, while a bit surprised, these two piano players and just enough talent to pull it off.  I'm sure it had nothing to do with the alcohol?There are TV screens all throughout this place.  When you're in the standing room only, you really cannot see the performers but everywhere you look, there is a television so you can see the action.For the most part, this is a typical Dueling Piano bar except it is Vegas so I'm sure the bar gets raised.  The performers play a song for tips and if the tip isn't enough or they get a better offer, they will move to another choice.  They will also take a very annoying song and play until they get enough in their jar to quit playing that particular number.The crowd didn't seem quite as rowdy or raunchy as other places of similar styles which kind of surprised me, being Vegas.  Everyone was having a good time and singing along with the music.If this is a place you're going to make a night of, I would suggest getting their early or making reservations otherwise you're going to be with the rest of us schleps and standing watching TV's.
4	Best piano bar in Vegas!Some of the most fun we had on our first Vegas trip! We found this place by accident when having a quick bite before a night out and ended up staying here until it closed! Get there early, grab a drink, and pay the extra couple of bucks to get a spot at a table. The other side gets packed and it's tough to get a drink.Only reason this doesn't get 5 stars is because the amount of fun you have is completely dependent on who's playing the keys that night. We had two amazingly fun guys the first night and when we walked by a few days later it was the mediocre mid-week people with very little crowd interaction at all!
4	Fun bar with live entertainment. The happy hour prices are very good but skip the potatos and onion rings get more chicken wings!!
3	Beeeeer!  I don't remember this place.  I guess mission accomplished.
4	Dueling pianos? In Vegas? You wouldn't think this is a way to have fun in Sin City, but it is. After losing a few bills at the tables, eating a belly-busting buffet, and seeing the Vegas show du jour, you're going to want a place to simply drink and feel comfortable. That place is The Bar at Times Square in New York New York Hotel & Casino.My wife is from Asia and loves Karaoke. The Bar at Times Square is not about karaoke. It's about dueling pianos, sing-a-long songs, and customer requests. She calls it "White people fun" and I have to admit the crowd was like 97.3% Caucasian. Maybe she's right. The crowd was also 92.1% drunk and that's exactly where I fit in. I may not know all the songs, but I do know how to shout "another round over here." It took awhile to score a seat, but once we did ($$), I was totally having a blast listening to other drunks belt out classics from the 70s and 80s like they actually remembered the words.With so many "fake" things in Vegas, its surprisingly refreshing at the Bar at Times Square to see people having fun, laughing, and singing in a way that not only felt natural, but was natural.
5	I'm sorry, but I really don't get what some of the negative reviews are all about. We had an AWESOME time at this bar! The pianists were all super talented...often rude but in a hilariously funny way, so if you can't take a joke or two then you would probably not enjoy it. Having grown up on the east coast myself, I thought that the bar fully embodied what an old school bar in New York would be all about. Oh and don't go if you are cheap. Those guys try to get a bidding war going for songs...but its fun and enjoyable and they get the crowd going. I thought for the amount of singing & entertainment they provided, they deserved every penny of my tip. I mean, when you are in Vegas, you can't expect to not spend money. This place provided a fun night without dropping your entire paycheck on one bill. We went Saturday and Sunday night. I have to agree with the fact that its more fun with more people at this bar...usually around 10PM on a weekend there's a decent crowd. I don't know about the other nights since I've only gone twice. Most fun I've had in Vegas in some time!
4	We stayed at the Aria but randomly ended up at this delightful Bar at Times Square twice in two days.  First, we took in a $7 draft beer and some NFL on their dozen+ TVs - fun and festive atmosphere, less crowded and less cigarette smoke than other sports bars we'd passed.  Laid back refuge from the Vegas scene, the kind of place we like to hang out at home.The following night, we checked out some Dueling Pianos.  Now, I love a piano bar, and it's much more "our scene" than a Vegas club.  But having arrived late, and not wanting to pay cover or fight for space inside, the four of us took in the festivity, music and drinks from the fictitious streets of New York, just beyond the bar's outer counters.  These guys were talented and had the crowd pumped up as they performed favorites from Shout to Call Me Maybe to Paradise by the Dashboard Light.  Serious fun.  My favorite of four nights in Vegas.
4	Pretty descent, did not have a drink there but I watched a bridal party celebrate and have fun with the music inside the bar.  Looked like a good place to take friends
5	WOW, this place is GREAT! This is a must do if you are looking for a good night out in Vegas! Two dueling piano's, fast bar service and just great atmosphere! The only downside was it was a little crowded but that turned out to be a good thing as we met some great people and closed the place down! Make sure you look for the coupons for entry in many of the books around the strip.
4	Zach, remember our stop at "The Bar at Times Square"?  On our investigation in Vegas, we needed to lay low and go over the case notes, but not without some food.  We came to this bar at the perfect time - happy hour.  In the New York New York, this bar and grill featured a great deal at the perfect time, and in a great area.For happy hour, food is 50% off, and the drinks are $5.  This is one wicked deal, right Zach?  This being Vegas of course, this was gambling incentive, but we'll just have to accept that.  The fact is, we spent very little to get a bacon (irish bacon, to be exact) cheeseburger, fries, and a few drinks in us.  The staff was very helpful, and the bartender promptly corrected my order after it came out laden with mayo.  We got a free drink out of the deal, so no complaints there, right Zach?  And it was a tasty burger too.  We are most certainly a fan of Irish bacon...which we are sure is similar to Canadian bacon.  It was delicious!If you need to take a break between gambling to lament your losses and bad decisions, stop by "The Bar at Times Square" during happy hour.  You'll get a good burger for a good deal, no matter how your day went, right Zach?
5	A trip to Vegas for me is not complete without a night at the times sq bar!  Everytime I go there I have had the best time!  so much more fun than going to an expensive club!  usually the crowd is really fun and the songs are always great to sing along!   I went here on a new years eve one year and it was only like 5$ to get in and sing and dance the night away! other times it has been free to get in. by far my favorite in vegas!  in fact i just realized my yelp picture is me at the bar at times square on my birthday!!!  Loveee this place!
2	Waited all night for the song that never came. 4 piano players came and left and my song wasn't played. If it wasn't for the bartender I would've left earlier, but I feel duped! George Benson - On Broadway, ITS 2 CHORDS!  Fvcking amateur hour up in here, I should've played it myself.  You win some you lose some, and tonight I lost $5 on a song (that even I know how to play) and $30 on alcohol - so I take it out on yelp. 1 star for the stuff described above, and 1 star for the woman I saw eat S*** face first on the dance floor as she was being casually molested by a drunken old man.Decently priced drinks, extremely friendly staff (bartenders & bouncers), but the Dueling Pianists... ..Son I am Disappoint..Want my advice, unless your song is super pop and you're drunk enough NOT to care how out of key they are and how much the song you paid for gets butchered... save your money - put it into a slot machine, at least then you'll have a better chance at gratification.Just like everything else in vegas, if you're going to go here to piss away money and not care - you'll have a good time, but if you're remotely interested in the act you'll quickly realize how much of a sham it really is.Go here for the prozzies, the alcohol, and the convenience - and not for the music.
3	The drinks were expensive but the pianos made it worth it.
1	Overrated. There are plenty of dueling piano bars in Vegas, this one is not so special. One of the dueling piano guys called out a few patrons who dared not leave a large enough tip with their song requests. I understand they are competing for tips, and I can take a joke (though this was more bullying cloaked in a joke), but witnessing that made me lose any respect for them (and I didn't have a lot to begin with). The cover charge is also ridiculous.
2	Bleh a knock off version of Fat Tuesdays. I love Fat Tuesdays, but we were here so I needed a drink. $21 for a foot long?! it was really icy too.... Eh thankfully I had a Fat Tuesday the day after because this place was not crackin.
2	Maybe this place rocks and swings at night. Maybe people guffaw and clack beers and music buzzes around the room. Maybe. In the middle of the day, though, it's pretty abysmal. The guy working the counter is too chatty and garrulous. I mean I like customer service to be sincere and friendly, but this guy was filibustering. I could barely talk to my girlfriend. God bless, you, dude, but put an ellipsis or two in your conversations. It's like hanging out with a racetrack announcer on fast-forward. The beer selection is also pretty daft. I know it's a kitschy, dumbed down bar - and that my expectations shouldn't be high - but when the best you can do is fill up a bucket with Bud, you not only take the wind out of my sails, but you set them on fire. Not to mention that these macros are fearsomely expensive. I'd probably hang my hat somewhere else, if I were you. It's not as though Vegas is bankrupt of places to drink.
4	My friends and I had such a great time here! The entertainment was catchy and fun and the waitress was always there when we needed her! I highly recommend visiting New York New York one night to sing along with the dueling pianos
1	Expensive as Vegas should be. We showed up at 8pm on a Mon nite with 3 other couples to celebrate or 25th anniv. Seats were $15.00 each or you could stand for free. Put  a $20 on the piano to request a song that was never sung. We waited until 9:30 and decided to leave, as we walked by our money and song request were still sitting there. Soooo we took it and told the player that they didn't deserve our cash and we left . Told the "doorman" we had had enough and he was surprised that we took the cash, we wonder how many people were ripped off like a rigged slot machine? This place is small potatoes compared to our previous dueling bars in Charlotte NC and Chicago IL. Suckers be advised..
3	Great music! The guys were awesome! We were here for my sisters bachelorette/bachelor party. We were told because of our very large party our cover charges would be waived. Well when the bill came it was a huge shocker. Be careful here, fun place but they'll get you for whatever they can, we got charge a ton just for water lol. They weren't upfront about all their costs so just watch them here. Fun place though. You won't leave and be able to what much :)
3	I play the game MyVegas on Facebook and was fortunate enough to score a $75 drink voucher for the Bar at Times Square.This is one of those piano bars where the seats get reserved for those willing to pay the $15 fee to sit down and the separate cover charge to get in. Plus, the piano people won't play unless they're getting tips. I decided to avoid this time frame and go before they started charging for every little thing, which was around 8 p.m. We went around 4:30 p.m. because we had the KA show at MGM to go to at 7 p.m and we didn't want to hurry up and rush through our drinks.The redemption process at the M Life booth was as simple as ever. Hand over your M Life card and confirmation # for the reward and they'll give you a receipt to give the waiter in less than 5 minutes. The guy told us that we needed to use all the credit before midnight that night, otherwise it would expire. We had planned on using the whole thing in one sitting so that didn't apply to us.When we arrived here, it was happy hour (3-7 p.m.) so we got our drinks for a little less than they normally run at an establishment like this. It was about $5 for a lemon drop shot and $10-$11 for specialty and classic cocktails which were served in small plastic cups. I had about 3 drinks, bloody Mary, lemon drop martini, and a Manhattan. My husband had about 3 drinks + a lemon drop shot. We also ordered the Irish nachos which were pretty good, but that might have been because I had a good buzz going on and was hungry. My husband said they were alright, but they ended up adding them onto our drink only tab, so we essentially didn't pay for it. Our waiter got switched 3 times while being there. The first lady was nice, but not very attentive and there was hardly any one in there at this time. She would just wander off to one end of the bar and go down to the opposite end without asking if we wanted another drink when our cups were sitting empty. Her shift was ending so the other guy that had been twiddling his thumbs at the bar was now our waiter. He spoke broken English and couldn't understand half of what we were asking him when we ordered our steak Irish nachos. But eventually he got it right and input it into the computer and onto our drink tab. I think that's the only reason why we got away with not paying for them. He would just stand at the bar though with his arms folded and not check to see if we needed or wanted another drink. We tried to get his attention at least 3 times and each time he acted like he didn't see us. Then, another girl showed up and started taking our orders in a timely fashion. She was the most attentive of all, but we weren't going to be there much longer. Thank you to her for actually doing her job correctly. So we left her a decent tip. Unfortunately, the tips probably all get dispersed among them all. I definitely would not have tipped the 2nd guy.Also, make sure that your drink orders add up to $75. Let's say you have about $70 left, but you want something that costs $10. They told us they couldn't add it to our tab and we would have to pay for it separately because it was more than what was left. I don't get why they couldn't just add the $5 to it and then we pay the other $5. I said whatever, that's fine and ordered what I originally did, instead I should have just ordered another shot, since they were still $5, but we were full and had enough at that point. Plus it was time to walk the million miles back to MGM so we left with $5 still left on our credit. Not too big of a deal, but money's money and every little bit helps while in Vegas.
5	This bar is an absolute blast!! My husband and I came here on a Monday night with a $75 drink credit we redeemed from playing MyVegas. The piano players are amazingly talented, the drinks were great, and the staff is extremely attentive and friendly. We came here at 8pm and didn't leave until 2am we were having so much fun! Yes, the piano players ask for tips with the song requests but who cares any dueling piano bar you go to does this!! They will play pretty much anything you ask for I requested Marilyn Manson, Pearl Jam, Alice in Chains etc and they played them all the versatility of these performers is incredible! PROS: Super fun environment!!! They have buckets of beers for $25!!CONS: There is a cover charge of $15 per person to have a table with a waitress (you can hang out in the standing room area in the bar for free though) TIPS: If you haven't heard of MyVegas you need to check it out! It is a game on facebook that you can play to earn comps. Currently one of the rewards you can redeem is a $75 drink credit here (they change/update rewards from time to time though) Also if you want to have a table make reservations before they open so you can get a seat close to the pianos! Go to this bar if you like to have fun, drink and sing along!!! :)
5	Absolutely love this place. Piano guys are awesome, bartenders r great and so is the crowd. Mellow and fun. People from everywhere come to just have fun. Last night we had the piano guy so a tribute to the passing of Paul Walker. It was a great way to remember him and any other people that met him and got to know him a bit. We always come here when we r in town and always make new friends
4	This bar is so much fun!!!The dueling pianos are ridiculously good and they really do a good job at getting the entire bar to join in! They even have some wigs and costumes for some of the songs which is really entertaining. Pros:There's no cover at the doorLoud and funEasy to get a drinkCons:Drinks are EXPENSIVEIf you've never been to a dueling piano bar, you should go to this one! It'll make you a believer!
4	This place was great for us because they had dueling pianos that started playing shortly after we sat down. The performers were awesome and played a great variety of songs. My husband and I sat and played video black jack for a while and had several rounds of jack and gingers. The bartenders made the drinks very well and were always attentive to us. Good place to go for some cocktails!
5	OMG this place goes off! So much fun and energy it was hard to leave.  This place must make bank with all of the tips for request.Dueling pianos had the crowd up, dancing & singing along. Half the bar is standing room only. Definitely a kick watching them bring peeps up for bday request or special events.
5	My review is aimed at the piano player that plays for happy hour on Fridays and Saturdays. HE IS AMAZING! Plays almost any song you ask for, totally interacts with the crowd and is hilarious. Not to mention, he is out of this world talented. Great place to get your party started!
4	Holy hell!!! Loved this place!!!!! It was my first time here, but I've been to a few dueling piano bars and this one definitely holds up. The awesome part besides all the crazy singing, dancing, and serenading was it wasn't just pianos! One guy got on too of the pianos and truly rocked out on his guitar! He was so amazing and hilarious!! I had such a blast here! They even brought tears at one point when they brought a couple up for their 20 year anniversary and had them dance to "what a wonderful world." It was so romantic and sweet. The reason for 4 stars not 5 is the insane prices!!!! They can afford to lower the drinks $2, but I guess that's what you get in Vegas!
1	Worst place I have ever been to.  The service makes dicks last resort look like a welcoming committee.   I have felt more welcome with monkeys flinging poo at me at the zoo.  Some people shouldn't be bartenders.... Some people should live in the mountains.   Save your money and throw it on the floor because they will take your order, give you something else and blame it on you.   Once upon a time... I wanted a drink... then I came here.  I'd rather be Mormon!
5	As the pool got closed due to wind on Friday afternoon we headed to watch the piano player during happy hour instead.  He was so talented (I don't know how he can remember that many songs), and funny with his crowd interaction.  We ended up staying for over 4 hours, and tipping him to play many songs.He gave several shout outs to our party from the UK, and came up to thank us all at the end of the show, of course we thanked and praised him as well.Definitely give this bar a visit, especially when the piano/pianos are on, or The Sax Man.
5	Be careful....you get charged an entertainment fee in addition to tax with each drink...???Place is fun, piano players are funny & have a great attitude. Place is very loud & seating is limited. Get ready to pay if your not a local $5.00 per person & I heard if you want to sit down at a table its a $10.00 charge. Not sure if that's per person.  No chairs @ the bar or tables around the inside bar area so if you don't get a table prepare to stand while you are there. Not a good place to go on a first date since its so hard to hear yourself or others when talking. Overall the place is fun!
4	Piano bar in Vegas!! So fun!!! I wouldn't count on getting your song called unless you have $$$ to tip them. But it's a fun spot to chill for an hour or 2. Don't see myself staying here the whole night, but it was fun while it lasted.... On to the next bar! S/o to the piano bar singers. How do you know every single song out there???
3	This place is always fun if you enjoy hearing your favorite song played on a piano. The singers are good and make the experience fun!  If you want to see the fun up close and personal you have to pay to go inside the bar.  If you want free drinks & not see the the piano guys sit on the outside bar & play video poker.  I did notice that the drinks were better when you sat on the outside looking in.I do recommend coming at 8 pm because this place fills up fast.
4	Had an awesome time here, the saxophonist was great, his dad who used to sing with ray Charles was a true performer and my friend and I were thoroughly entertained, they involved the audience. The drinks were ok, I had to send one back because it just didn't taste good. But the waitress was cool. We had fun showing customers from other cities the Frankie Beverly and Maze shuffle!
3	I was in Vegas to speak at an event and decided to head over here with some girlfriends before flying out the next day. We had a great time. I definitely recommend getting a table, it's totally worth the cost.We had a great time, I actually prefer my local dueling piano bar but these guys were great.
5	I always spend a night here when in Vegas and it is always awesome. If the club scene isn't something you're into, I can't imagine you can do better than this if you want to take break from tossing cards for a few hours.
4	We had a blast. Got there right at 7 and got front row seats. It was a Thursday but it was pretty full within an hour or so. There is the "VIP" side where you pay for a seat ($15 the night we were there) and the standing room side. We liked sitting. Our server was excellent and kept the drinks flowing. The piano guys keep it going non-stop. They switch every 75 minutes, or so, and bring in fresh piano players almost without stopping. We will go back for sure. Great fun!  Also, I should add it was a huge mix of people from 21 to 81.  We are in our 40's and I would say a lot of people in our age range but everybody can enjoy this.  Reasonable prices on the drinks; well, reasonable for Vegas.
1	Unable to rate anything except complete lack of service. Went in today at 3 during NFL when crowd had left. There were several open tables during Cowboys game but only 2 employees in the entire place. Have you read what I said above? NFL Sunday and the manager thinks 2 employees are enough!!! Still doesn't explain why one of them never came to our table while my wife and I sat and waited 20 mins. We're locals, will share with our friends and by the way girls, I hope you enjoyed the $1.76 those hungover punks left you that you chose to provide service to over my wife and I.
4	What can I say, the bar is plain awesome.   I have not been to the bar during the day, but a night out with the dueling pianos is always on my must do list when going to Vegas.  The 4 entertainers that I have seen during my two separate visits have been nothing short spectacular.   They are comical and incredibly talented.   Highly recommend!!
4	We've been here twice for the dueling pianos in the evening, and it's always a great time.  Cover this weekend was $25 per person(for the VIP section, which means you can sit), which is the only reason for a star knocked off. When you're paying that much for drinks(not crazy for Vegas, but not cheap), you'd think a break on the cover would be in order. All 4 pianists are great and they know a ton of songs. Waitress is always attentive, but we never felt pressured. It's a must-do whenever we go to Vegas.
3	One of my friends insisted this is where we spend our Friday night in Las Vegas! I was game for it. We aren't 21 anymore so night translated to 8pm sharp that we arrived here. It was empty still (understandable) and we were informed it was free to stand or $25/person to sit. We had a party of 4 so I opted for standing. $100 is too steep for an empty bar at 8pm! The bar service is lacking. The bartender was really polite but they needed another person back there later in the evening as it filled up. I would stick to beer here. Mixed drinks seemed to run at least $15 (I know, I know it's Vegas) and the wine was truly awful! If you aren't a club person and are looking for a lively bar to spend an evening I think there's better (cheaper) options out there.
3	Come hungry and bring LOTS of money. Came in on MNF and literally there were only 7 people. Took 45min to get wings. VERY unsat. Look for another option.
5	The first time I ever went to Vegas, I was with a girlfriend on a show string budget and we just sat outside, avoiding the cover and watching the fun. When C and I went the week we got engaged, I told him this and we went several times! So this place already has a warm place in my heart!A piano bar in Vegas break you away from the over indulgent and sexually-potent atmosphere that Vegas has. This one in particular is great because there is room to dance, musicians are top notch and the amount people put down to request a song is crazy! By far my favorite place in Vegas!
3	Here for some Sunday football, food and drink. Lots of TV's. Food isn't really worth it. Drink prices pretty high.
4	Sports bar by day, piano bar by night. This is probably the most versatile and poppin venue at NYNY. If you're not into either one and rather do some gambling instead, they have that too at the outside bar where you can still look in and catch all the action.During the daytime, stop by to enjoy  sports coverage on one of their many TVs. I'm not sure if it's only during football season, but a bucket of Bud Light (5 bottles) will only run you 25 bucks! I believe they also have a happy hour from 3 to 5 pm but I haven't tried that so not completely sure. At night this place gets packed! Surprising because this place is tiny and also charges a cover! If you can squeeze your way in or grab a table, stop by for some live piano action!I come here just for the venue and fun, because service is nothing special and about on par with other small bars. If you don't want to pay cover, you can always just stand outside and still enjoy all the live music because it's so damn loud!
1	Absolutely terrible service.  The waitress ignored us while checking her nails.  Drinks are watered down and overpriced.  It's a 2 drink minimum and the entire place was empty.
