5	Pure Plush did my senior pictures and not only was the photo session great, but also the overall quality of the pictures. Being Miss 'Unphotogenic' I had my doubts going into this session, but when I received my pictures I was thrilled to see how fantastic they turned out! I received my package about a week or so after the session, which was surprisingly quick. During the photoshoot you get to feel like a model, and it only took a few minutes for Elizabeth to make me feel comfortable in front of the camera. If you want a great, fun, beautiful photo shoot then definitely turn to this company!!
5	This is pure plush!
5	As a freelance model, I'm always looking for fresh faces behind the lens. I came across Elizabeth's website and fell in love with her work. After synching up with her via pinterest and finding out that we have very similar tastes in photography, I reached out to her to line up a photoshoot! From the very beginning of our conversations, she was welcoming of ideas, very quick to respond to emails as well as being polite and funny. She came up with a great concept, and spent a ton of time getting the dresses, furniture and logistics squared away. During the shoot, she was overly prepared and had just about every little thing I would randomly ask for. Love that.Elizabeth is extremely detail orientated; not only in her email correspondence but also during the photoshoot and post-production. She's a perfectionist and a professional with an amazing eye for great photography and I'm extremely grateful that I've had the opportunity to work with her!! Definitely looking forward to seeing what we come up with next...
5	I have had my photos taken at department stores and even had a couple studio photos for events and they by far do not compare to the creativity and quality of pure plush. This experience is a more custom feel and the photographer Elizabeth does a great job of capturing your idea and making it come to life. If you ever thought of having photos taken that really personifies your unique style pure plush is the way to go. Even if your not the type that loves to take photos (like myself) you will love the end product and will be glad you did.
5	Elizabeth did an AMAZING job on our wedding photos!  Not only did she give us a completely reasonable price (especially considering she flew from Las Vegas to New York for the shoot) but her photos were incredible.  I know brides can be really picky, but I couldn't have imagined a more perfect outcome. Elizabeth had all the logistics down: she went through the venue in the days before to make sure she knew what she was doing for the event, and she worked with our planner to be sure she had access, the correct insurance and everything.  During the event, she was great at wrangling my crazy family (it's like herding cats) and even froze her butt off to take amazing outdoor pictures in New York during the polar vortex!  Total dedication.I could not recommend her more highly.
