3	At some point in the distant past (in a galaxy far, far away), I have to imagine that this Kabuto belonged in a hip and happening part of town.  I used to work not far away, however, and from 1998 until perhaps 2003, it wasn't.  It still isn't, in fact.  It has done nothing but go downhill.  It's amazing that they are still open.If you want to go, I'd probably suggest lunch, because the dinner service is almost scary - it is scary if it's after dark.  The parking lot is a wasteland, and I live near Eastland Mall if that tells you anything.In any case, the good news is that you don't have to wait long for a table at most times of the day, and you seem to get about the same amount of food at lunch or at dinner, though at dinner you get just a bit more food for a hefty increase in price.  If you visit regularly, give them an extra dollar and you can get a gold card where you get Kabuto Bucks that you can use to save money the next time you come back.The food isn't authentic Japanese, but come on.  It's not like we have authentic Chinese or Italian or Mexican in most places in this country either.  It's just what we expect.  The show isn't really a show either - it's just a bunch of rattling around.  Usually you'll get a bit of spilled oil that is set aflame.  If you're lucky, you get a tossed egg cracked on a spatula.  Maybe a volcano made from an onion, and that's it.What I find is that the food is pretty tasty - sure it's cooked in oil and a monstrous tub of butter.  But that's what makes it good.  The chicken is tasty, the steak is as well.  I'm not a sushi eater, but the California Rolls are good to my taste buds (better than you'll find on most buffets).
3	This place isn't too bad, but I prefer the other one on Pineville Matthews (mainly cause they serve noodles) but I usually end up here, cause it's close to the hotel.  The typical meals will run you around 10-15 and it's a decent show, but it all depends on who your chef is.  I've definitely seen better, more interactive chefs at different hibachi places.However, their 20+ king cut filet mignon is pretty amazing.  One great thing about these places is, you get the meat how you want it.  You can see how it is cooking and let him know when you want it.  The staff is friendly, but I agree that the lighting could use some work.  The lot is pretty dreary at night, so I wouldn't recommend leaving anything out in your car.All in all, a decent place, if you are looking for a quick pseudo Japanese fix.
2	Ok food. Nothing special.
2	This was my first hibachi experience, so I had no expectations. I actually got sushi, and my friend got hibachi, though we did share. Our chef was very entertaining, as well as making pretty good hibachi. The entertainment was fine, but here's what went wrong with the experience:Sushi: Don't get me wrong, it was decent. However, EXTREMELY overpriced. I noticed that  they had normal prices for sashimi/nigiri, however it was just for one piece. $3.00 for one sweet shrimp? Seriously? Sweet shrimp are small! $2.50 for a piece of yellowtail? This is the most ridiculous pricing for sashimi/nigiri I've ever seen. I ended up getting a yellowtail roll and avocado roll (both very small for the price), and a spider roll. Though there was plenty of soft shell crab in it, it was extremely overcooked, which made it kind of unpleasant. Very disappointed on the sushi side of things.Hibatchi: The salad and broth that came out before the meal were both very good. The person I went with was allergic to onions, and asked to just have white rice instead of fried. He was brought out a small cup of steamed white rice while everyone else at the table got a heaping portion of fried rice. The vegetables were fine, as was the steak. Like has been previously mentioned, cooked exactly to your specifications in front of you. The sauce that accompanied was also delicious. All in all, it was okay. Kind of lackluster for a first hibachi experience, and definitely when compared to the price. Also, their sushi is just ridiculous and not worth what they're charging. I suggest going elsewhere for both venues of food.
1	Do not go here for lunch!  I usually pack my murse with my lunch in it, but forget yesterday.  I decided to try this place out - I was extremely disappointed.While I can't speak to their sushi, the lunch was weak.  First off, the rice was just cooked in soysauce and nothing else. It is like the $1 fried rice that you can buy from the places in LA - even there at least the rice has something in it.  The mixed veggies on the side were soggy from being steamed/cooked for way too long.  Also, the shrimp that I got (hibachi shrimp) was literally like a handful of the really small shrimps that come in a frozen bag.  I'd even say its worse because the frozen shrimp at least come without the outer casing.  Finally, the worst part is that the hibachi shrimp lunch special cost $13!  I don't mind paying that much if the portions are small but well-prepared.  Here, it was overpriced, meager portions, and the food was certainly lacking - I've had better at hospital cafeterias honestly.I packed my lunch today, I'm not making the same mistake I made yesterday.dmo out.
4	Thank you Kabuto, for being next to the hotel that thought a vegetarian meal for me would mean taking off the chicken breast from the salad and serving me the salad. Yeah.Also thank you for being present in a moment of need when some of us needed to get away from our terrible conference.Service: pretty good.Food: satisfying. We didn't expect much due to the location and the fact that were were demoralized and desperate.Atmosphere: acceptable. It's in a shopping center in North Carolina.They were fast and nice to us. That's what we needed. Thanks Kabuto.
4	If you want sushi, the best day ever to go to this place is on a Friday.  Friday is half-priced sushi night, and you can get some of your favorite sushi, sashimi, and maki rolls for half the price.  Not all of theirs are on special that night, but the most popular ones are (most anything with tuna and salmon).  Pretty good sushi too, especially when you know it's half price.I also love the hibachi part.  It's about the average price, and it's pretty much the same things you get at most Japanese steakhouses.  The best part of eating at any steakhouse like this is the show you get when they prepare your food.  The last time we went there, our chef created a two-foot tall flame - and I'm not exaggerating!  So fun, especially for kids!
4	The food was very good and the sushi was nice and fresh. A little expensive in some areas but was good.
5	This place was known as "Minoda's Kabuto at Tyvola" but recently changed its name to "Minoda's Japanese Steak House, Sushi Bar, and Izakaya" in early July, 2012. I had been there before, years ago, but was very, pleasantly, surprised to see the new selections on their menu. I had never had, or heard of "Izakaya" before my latest trip over there. It's essentially a menu of small dishes, or kind of a Japanese Tapas menu. Very cool! Haven't seen anything else like it in the area. The sushi was great! I got a few "off the menu" pieces from the sushi chef, so that was pretty unique. All-in-all, I'd highly recommend it!
2	Over priced and small portions.  Bought a special roll and only got 4 pieces.  Ordered sashimi and pieces were small.  They use the bad tasting cheap type of ginger, and the taste of the rolls was nothing impressive.  I will not re-visit this place.
4	This location WAS the OTHER Kabuto's. I've found out by rubbing elbows at the sushi bar with the owner. The changed names to the current name. Nothing seems different as the prices look the same and the employee's as well. I ventured out yesterday (08/20) around 7ish for some sushi. I didn't want 2 order off the menu so I told the "Sushi-Bartender" to make me up something nice. Well well well.... he did. now what was it? I have no idea. But it had alot of fish and veggies. (see pix)My girlfriend is new to sushi so she wanted something like a "sushi for beginners". He made her some kinda roll and it was pretty good as well. (no raw fish). Well by the time we tabbed out, the tab was running about 70 bucks so we had a good time. And left with our tummies filled.They have  a nice bar as well.
4	This is a LONG-TIME Japanese steak house in Charlotte , that seems to be in the midst of reinventing itself , while still holding onto it's original concept.  When you enter you have the option of sitting at a traditional Hibachi table or sitting at on the "bistro" side where you can enjoy sushi and more traditional Japanese fare.I have done both and both are most pleasant- just depends on what kind of experience you are looking for.  Friday is half-price Sushi night- you can't go wrong there.  They do a QUICK lunch service.  My only grip, and it's purely personal, is they don't serve mushrooms with their Hibachi- which I dearly love!  This won't keep me from going there but I will continue to request them, when I do.  Definitely worth the trip for standard Japanese Hibachi.
4	Typical Japanese Steak House and sushi bar. Food was well prepared. Sushi was fresh and beef tasted of high quality. Fast and friendly service. Would eat here again if/when I return to Charlotte.
3	Half price sushi on Friday's for lunch has become a fun treat some Fridays for my lunch break. The sushi is pretty good.  I'm biased because after noshing on sushi in San Francisco, nothing tastes as good here locally that I have found th4ere.  We did have an issue with the bill where they did not take the 50% off but it was quickly fixed. I was still a little shocked that we had to ask for that to begin with?  The service is decent and if you know anything about my past reviews, it weighs on my decision of stars pretty heavily. If managers don't take the time to train their staff to be attentive and quick, to me, it relates to how they operate as a whole. Is it good?  Yes, do I overwhelmingly suggest you make a point to come out and experience Kabuto?  No.
4	Just had a quick lunch and this place was good.  That is all.
3	About what you would expect from a Japanese steakhouse. Portion was large and cost was what you would expect.  Chicken could have had more sauce and salad was not the best but all in all I will try again.
1	NO MORE HALF PRICE SUSHIWasn't told till after I ordered, never eat there again.They have half price sushi on Friday night, limit, 3 rolls per person and staff super rude. I took a date there and they messed up my order and the waitress walked off and never came back. Staff was super rude, 30 something female named Min I think. Messed up my order, super poor service and limited amount of food to purchase?? I'll just go somewhere else.
5	5 Star reviews are hard to get out of me and a 5 star review for a sushi place means that everything was perfect.  I love sushi and my wife and I eat it regularly.  We had been to this place years ago when it was Kabuto and I remember it being really good.  On a whim I decided to stop in the other day for a quick lunch, and boy am I glad I did.The name is a little confusing, but I get the impression that they are in the process of changing it to Minoda's although Kabuto is still on the sign and lots of other places inside.  The atmosphere is clean and Asian as expected.  The sushi bar is straight inside the door with the standard "cook your food in front of you" table/grills to the left.The sushi was sublime.  We had a few different pieces of nigiri style sushi - yellowtail, white tuna, tuna, eel, and salmon.  We also had a rainbow roll which featured a number of different raw fishes as well as lots of cream cheese and draped with avacado.The fish was so fresh, and perfectly cut that it literally melted in my mouth.  The chef here has some serious knife skills and it shows.  The rainbow roll was great as well, the rice was perfect, separate but sticky and seasoned just right, masterful preparation and attention to detail.The star of the show was the eel.  I have had lots of eel and this was head and shoulders above all the rest.  meltingly tender, seasoned just right and grilled perfectly.  I will go back just for the eel, but of course, it will be impossible to resist all the other fare that Minoda's offers.I am looking forward to trying Izakaya sometime in the future.  Do yourself a favor and drive to Minoda's tonight.
1	Very disappointedThe worst sushi and tempura we have ever had!This is the first time I have reviewed a resturant and felt it was so bad I needed to warn others.Sushi was old and soggy and so were the tempura vegetablesBeer was warm and ginger dressing on the salad was tastelessMust be under new mgmtThis is the first Yelp has steered us wrong
4	I visited Monida's Kabuto Japanese Steakhouse this past Tuesday night. The building is attractive; the parking lot a little rundown. It's located up a hill, off Tyvola Rd., in Charlotte's Westpark section. The sushi bar, behind the hostess station was pretty lively that night. I didn't do "communal"; I was a solo diner in conventional seating section. The Sapporo beer I ordered was refreshing. The main entree was the filet mignon-7 ounce. The meat was very tender. The rice was ok, if a little bland. The salad was very fresh, with a nice ginger dressing. The miso soup was ok. In all, a delightful, filling meal. Service was pleasant and unobtrusive. Pricing was fair at $31 and change. (I had the one Sapporo to drink.) As noted above, recommended at four stars. I'd go back, when back in Charlotte.
5	I randomly popped in tonight to get some take-out sushi for me and my husband after reading the last review on here.  I had no idea what to expect, but it was DELICIOUS!  We drive by all the time but have never been inside.  We will definitely be back! The prices were decent.  The selection of rolls wasn't as wide as other sushi restaurants, but next time I might just ask if I have something specific in mind. What we ordered was fantastic though.  Very fresh.
4	My co-workers and I stopped in for lunch on Friday afternoon. We were greeted by two friendly hostesses and seated right away. Our waiter arrived and we had our drinks in no time. The menu offered pretty standard Japanese Steakhouse choices including steak, chicken, shrimp and scallops. All entrees come with Miso soup, rice and veggies. Oh and let's not forget that they have half price sushi all day on Fridays!!!!For my lunch I went with the Filet Mignon- it was cooked as requested and very tasty. I loved the veggies and rice in the teriyaki and shrimp sauce. Sooo good! And no worries about portion size here! They offer more than enough for a very satisfying lunch or dinner! My favorite part was and the preparation of our food. Our chef was fantastic! He was funny and high energy and just made the entire lunch fun for everyone. We all left full and happy and I'm looking forward to going back!
4	This location currently closed
4	I've been here twice now. The first time was carry-out sushi, which was very reasonably priced and very delicious. They have great nigiri. The second time was two days ago for Hibachi lunch. YUM! I got the filet and scallops and it was deliciously flavored. The meat was so tender and cooked just right. The portions are perfect and will fill you up... though you might be in a food coma if you go on a work day like I did. Their red sauce is so good and you can ask for hot sauce if you need some. The service is very friendly and we were in and out in an hour. I highly recommend. This has been my favorite hibachi place in Charlotte so far!
4	Your typical hibachi/sushi house, with very good if slightly overpriced food. Soup, salad and shrimp were great, NY strip hibachi seemed dry.
3	Good food, typical of a "flip your food" Japanese steakhouse. Place was empty. Hibachi shrimp $23. Hibachi chicken $16. Exactly what you would expect but over priced for quality.
3	I only ate at the sushi bar.  Sushi was decent but over priced for the quality.  Nagiri comes in single servings but priced as a double serving.  I would not have an issue if it was exceptional but it is not.   I will eat here again but don't make a special trip for the sushi.
4	Ate here while in town for Pride. It was very good, but all these Hibachi places taste the same to me, so while I was pleased it also wasn't anything special. The staff was super friendly and very accommodating. It felt like two restaurants in one, which was different! I am vegetarian and was VERY pleased our chef cooked my Hibachi vegetables first. I have had chefs at these places let the juice from the meat run all in my food. I was disappointed we weren't given sauces, like other Hibachi places though. We were only given white sauce, I had to ask for ginger, which is the only one I like. My friends ordered the Steak and Chicken, and the Ginger pork and they both raved over it. My friends said their drinks were very strong, too! Will be back next time I am in the QC!
4	We came here for a work party. The dual-table/grill in the back seats 15 very comfortably - I'm betting you could cram a few more in easily. They were definitely very accommodating to our large party.Service was impeccable. These are definitely seasoned hibachi workers. The chefs were fun and friendly. The waitstaff were clearly very experienced with taking huge orders and maneuvering around tight spots between chairs and tables. No drink glasses went empty that I could see.The food is the usual teppanyaki fare, nothing spectacular. It's rice and meat and veggies seasoned with a frightening amount of oil and salt and stuff. It's not bad at all. It never gets old watching them flip spatulas around and then toss flaming things into their hat or shrimps into their pockets. I think next time I'm in, I'll try the sushi. They also have red bean ice cream - YUMMM.
