5	Joe was very helpful great place. GREAT deals.  Check Best Buy then come here and save.  THANKS Joe!
1	Please do the homework checking other major retail stores like Home Depot, sears, lowe's etc.  before you step a foot in this store,  you would definitely find newer models on sale in the major Home stores around the valley and they would delivery and pick up your broken one for free, something that Black Friday Home Appliances outlet won't do for you. This would be the last place that I would recommend to go. My wife and I were desperate for a washer machine, over the weekend our washer machine broke and we ended up calling a repair shop to have it repair, repairs were too much and they recommended  just to buy a new one. We have a big family and we couldn't wait for another week without doing our laundry.  My wife saw the sign of this store while driving by the area and she ended up stopping and buying a washer machine from this place, the lady that helped my wife assured her that all the appliances that they sell are bright new and they are just open boxes items. We ended up getting our washer machine delivered after a few days and to my surprise on the day they delivered the product to my house  while looking through the Manuals it stated that the product was a refurbished item. I immediately called the store and wanted to returned this item and they told me they could not do anything about it cause I signed the "all sales are final" receipt.  Paid over $100 for an older model where at home depot I would got the newest model for $100 less....think about it, not worth it.  Still waiting for a supposedly warranty.
5	My parents (namely my mom) was in the market for some new appliances to upgrade her kitchen and laundry room back in November of 2013.My mom already had her eyes set on a particular Samsung refrigerator with the double doors, nice LED lighting and freezer on the bottom. She had already spotted it   at Home Depot and Sears for close to $3200 and it rarely fluctuated from there. The lowest that we had seen it was for slightly below $3000 from the big box stores. When we came into Black Friday Appliance Outlet, Alice was really helpful and knowledgeable about the appliances. She made some recommendations and quickly was able to point us in the right direction. Ultimately, we ended up buying the LG refrigerator because it had gotten good reviews from her clients. We've owned the refrigerator for almost 8 months now (currently July 30th) and have not had any issues with it. Most of the appliances say that they are refurbished, which I am pretty sure is due to company policy to protect against returns and such? Most of the appliances were opened and then returned to the big box stores for "god knows what reason". Of course during the move from store to home and back to store, some of them did get a tiny scratch or dent but it didn't affect the appliance itself. At that point they are usually sent to the distribution center, checked that they are still in working order (pass through inspection) and then are switched from NEW to REFURBISHED due to them being returned.Once there, my mom started to look into a washer and dryer and we were given great advice into which ones we should buy based on the features, color and price. Have also had zero issues with those during the last 8 months. Of course, my dad couldn't be left behind so he ended up buying a 70 inch TV that would have otherwise been hundreds of dollars more expensive from a store like Best Buy.*One added benefit of upgrading our appliances, was the fact that our electric bill has decreased based on numbers from the year prior due to the refrigerator being newer and more energy efficient + the washer and dryer being way more energy efficient.Overall, great pricing, knowledgeable staff and definitely an option to check out before buying new.
5	We bought a few appliances from this place.  The price is unbeatable.  Some items such as LG are labeled as refurbish, but the Haier we purchased was brand new with a great discounted price.   My LG item works great.  Love it.  Same goes for my Haier product.  We were satisfied with out purchased.  The lady in the shop was very helpful.
1	Still waiting for  the warranty that I was suppost to get .......I have contact the store a few times and I've left my phone # for them to call me back and nothing....about the supposedly price matching, I submitted  pictures of the product @ home depot  that was $100 less than what I payed. I was offered a  partial  price matching  " $50 store credit" what a joke that was, they knew I wasn't happy with the product  and I wanted my money back the next day and days before the product was delivered at my house. It's  not about the money, it's about Customer Service. I shouldn't be going around trying to price match product with major retailers since they make you think that everything at their store is outlet discounted. Fault advertisement people!!?
5	If you want to get appliances right away come to this place. I contacted major stores and it takes at least a week. I know items are opened box but they are new. I don't mind. You are going to open box anyway and use it to the end. The price is not much different from those major stores and they will match it. They offer the discount from Yelp...Yes !!!
4	Black Friday Home Appliance Outlet is the best place to be on black Friday because the sales are amazing and helpful. I bought my plasma TV there and the quality is wonderful and I had the TV for several years with no problem. In addition, I enjoy that they make you try the materials before the customers buy it to confirm that they are sure to buy it.  Black Friday Home Appliance Outlet has very helpful customer service that are willing to spend a lot of time to help a customer. It also has great sales and it has all the materials a person is looking to  Black Friday Home Appliance Outlet such as TV, laptops, computers and etc.
5	My wife found this store on Craigslist, they sell discounted LG & Samsung Products, which we been looking all over the place included Sear's Outlet, but their price are aren't beatable. We bought LG 31925 model and LG washer Dryer. Only $3000!!!Their sales lady Alice is the best, she detaily explain each product's difference and helped us choose what we need. We recommend this place to anyone who doesn't mind a little dent & scratches. And always buy extended warranty.
