3	Since moving to Wisconsin, I have been searching for good grilled cheese sandwiches.  And, Melted certainly fits the bill.I had the American Caprese sandwich, and it was a solid sandwich.  The pesto and tomatoes added a nice tang to the flavor.  I thought it was better than the grilled cheese at the Old Fashioned and Coopers Tavern, but not as good as Monty's.All sandwiches come with a shot of tomato soup, which is not particularly remarkable.The drawback was the price.  The basic sandwich is $6 and the specialty sandwiches are $8.  That was steep for a small, food-cart sandwich without a side.  In fact, I went over to Ian's right after for a slice of pizza to make a full lunch.Again, the sandwich was quite good.  However, I would prefer to buy a slice of Ian's mac and cheese pizza and a slice of caprese pizza and a bag of puppy chow for the same price.
4	First time at this cart. Great experience. Staff was friendly and helpful. I opted for the jalepeno popper sandwich because it's first on the menu (and I plan to work my way thru it). It was nicely grilled. Perfect, in fact. Gooey cheese and big slices of jalepeno. Delicious bread. A little cup of tomato soup for dunking on the side. There are some great food carts on the square. This is looking to be a new favorite.
5	Delish!  Fun and yummy grilled cheese sandwiches that come with a shot of tomato soup...what's not to love?  And bonus, it's a food truck.
1	I just tried Melted for the first and last time. I work a couple of blocks away and walked there at lunch time.  I have several food carts in my rotation. Banzo is fantastic but alas, it wasnt there (darn the luck!).  Good Food is also really strong but it was after 11:15 AM and I didn't have time to stand in their well-deserved line..  So I stopped there in part because there was no line and the other carts seemed kind of busy. I ordered the special which sounded great - cream cheese, cheddar, bacon, and  jalapenos.  The whole time I waited I was their only customer - not a great sign. When I got back to my office I found that my sandwich was burned. In fact, my coworkers were even asking what was burned. I guess i didn't smell it outside. Melted would probably get 4 stars if they hadn't burned my sandwich to a crisp, as the bread and other ingredients seemed high quality, and it's nice that they give you a shot a tomato soup for dunking. However, for me the fact that they did, in fact, burn it to a crisp, AND that they had to know it since I was their only customer AND they had nothing to do but tend to their one customer AND they let me walk off with it means they just don't give a crap. Which is no bueno.I try to be the guy that tells a manager about a bad experience so they can fix it rather than venting on YELP, but if you see the food is bad and you send it out anyway, people should know. And then people should wonder what else Melted doesn't care about.
