4	How am I the first to review this!! I like Terra a lot I haven't been in a while and I was just thinking about it and thought to see what Y'all thought about it, but apparently nobody has thought about it at all!! OK well since I am the first I will start by saying you definitely need reservations. This place is very tiny and if any of you have been here when it was Volare?? (I think that was the name) you know just how small it is. Theirry is a Frenchman and has worked in restaurant's in Charlotte for like 20 years. He is very warm and welcoming he is always wearing a vest and his hair pulled back in a pony tail!! Love him he just fits the look perfectly!! The food is very good! I love their Grilled Caesar salad and French Onion soup, Oh and their Beef Carpaccio if they have it!!  They have a mix between French, Italian, and Spanish on the menu so I think that's what makes it so unique and with great flavors!  they have a good wine selection and Sweets too!! If you haven't been I think you should try it at least once! They have a great staff and they are very helpful!!
5	My boyfriend and I bought a groupon for Terra a few months ago and made reservations last night to try it out. Our experience was phenomenal. The service was amazing, the food was incredible, and the wine was delicious. We had the meat and cheese plate for an appetizer, and it was the best meat and cheese plate I've ever had (better than nobles). The entrees were fantastic. The risotto du jour (with shrimp and mussels) and the gnocchi with sausage blew my mind. We had chocolate mousse for dessert that was better than any chocolate mousse I've had. I highly recommend trying this restaurant. It's definitely worth the money!
5	I should start with the disclaimer that we only got a drink here before a movie at Manor.  But wow did we talk about this place for days after!  We sat at the little bar in the front and talked to our waiter about movies and music and Charlotte.  We listened to the wait staff practice their french - many of whom are fluent.  The place is small and it feels like going to a rich family member's for dinner--everyone is friendly and talkative and it feels like home.  The atmosphere is romantic and from what we heard the food is phenomenal. The only downside I see to this place is the prices but the next time they have a Groupon I will be the first in line!
5	Food was very good but the way it is decorated is terrible fora place that expensive. It was cold, bright lights in certainareas.......the chairs were uncomfortable.......
5	I have been hearing about this place for a few years and had never paid them a visit.  As a matter of fact, I had met the owner at an event and really wanted to check it out. Was I ever impressed!  Besides the fact that the decor needs a touch of warmth, the food more than made up for those slight shortcomings.  I have found my newest spot for French food, something we all know is lacking here in Charlotte.  We shared escargot, mussels and a filet.  The escargot were garlic filled(always a plus), the mussels were steamed in a sauce worth dipping for days and the filet was super tender and the onion confit...AMAZING! The service was some of the best I have encountered here in Charlotte.  I can't wait to go back...wait, did I mention unlimited mussels on Monday for $19?  YOU KNOW i AM GOING FOR THAT!
4	My two dining companions and I had a wonderful dinner tonight. The surroundings are pretty ordinary, but the food and service quite inspired. The Lamb Osso Bucco was as good as I've ever had, and the apple tart for dessert was just right for the three of us. The place was busy but the service was attentive and unrushed. It was expensive but our Living Social coupon made it pretty reasonable....about $40 apiece.
4	Terra.  It's the restaurant you've seen 100 times while grabbing your latte from the Starbucks next door.  I dined here once several years ago, and could have sworn it was French/Italian fusion, but the menu last Friday night was French.  Don't be intimidated by this, as there is something that everyone will enjoy.  After a day spent moving furniture, mattresses, etc. (the joys of moving), we had worked up a SERIOUS appetite.  To begin, we split the carpaccio du jour, which came with balsamic onions and gorgonzola.  I love onions of all shapes and sizes, but cooked in balsamic? Oh man, oh man.  Scrumptious.  I ordered the duck confit as my entree, which comes served with a side of flageolet beans and sausage.  These are a thinner, more delicate looking kidney bean, and I absolutely adored them.  The duck was tender and very good, but sadly I preferred the duck confit at Rooster's a bit more.  I like a more salted, briny flavor. I sampled the fish of the day which was a poached halibut that was flavorful and ever so healthy.The restaurant has a definite European feel to it.  It is elegant and relaxed at the same time.  I would love to enjoy some lovely wine and appetizers on the patio before catching a flick at the Manor.  Sounds heavenly right...about...now...
5	A little gem in hiding! It is tucked away in the corner beside starbucks and confusing little parking lot, dont try to pull into the panera one.  Once inside, it was a cute little place, with great food. Our waiter was very knowledgeable and helped with wine choices. There were plenty of specials as well. I chose the mussels for starters and had the fish of the day. My SO had the terrine with salmon, mushrooms and duck and for dinner the lamb. All of our food came out promptly even though they were busy (full house). Mussels were perfectly cooked and so delicious. I could have just eaten that for dinner. I also cleaned my plate for the fish. I did try the lamb, I am not a lamb person but my SO said it was very good as well. I would recommend this place and certainly go back. I might have gained 5 pounds though.  yum!
5	I am so glad I was told about this place.  It does not get the "hype" it deserves but I am sure some of the regulars/locals are happy about that.  It had almost an old world feel inside.  I couldn't quite place the atmosphere....was it old school Charleston?  New Orleans?  Or Europe?  It was quaint, classy and intimate.  The people around me were in bow ties, suits and dresses.  Most of my fellow diners were 50 years old or older.  One of the prior reviews said it felt like going to a rich relatives home for dinner and that was very well stated...I agree.The food was phenomenal.  You know when you are eating things that you normally wouldn't eat but you are really enjoying them that someone has done something extremely well!  That was my experience at Terra.  I was eating fish, veal raviolis, heirloom tomatoes, etc.  Everything I ate was absolutely unreal.  My husband and I absolutely CLEARED our plates.  I don't think we even left any residue.  The desserts we chose were the chocolate mousse and the salted carmel pastry puff...both were scrumptious.  Everything is just so well done.  The flavors are perfect but the quality of food was what truly impressed me.  Everything was fresh and the presentation was done to perfection.  It was truly a culinary dream!  I would go back again and again.  It has a unique feel that I don't think I have seen anywhere else in Charlotte.  Hats off to chef and owner...well done!!!
4	I visited Terra Saturday for dinner and overall I was  impressed though they still have some work to do to earn that 5th star. Food- A complementary seafood salad amuse-bouche started the meal off on a highpoint. It was light, fresh, and extremely tasty. Next we moved on to some  french bread which I found to be disappointingly dry though the olive oil and balsamic were high quality.  The Ravioles de Veau au Beurre de Truffe (homemade veal ravioli with cream sauce) was outstanding! By far some of the best homemade pasta I have ever eaten, the flavors were both delicate and complex. I may purchase two of these as my meal next time! Our main course was the filet and  it  wasn't as memorable unfortunately. The filet had a reduction with cherries in it ( though it didn't mention this on the menu) but the flavor was too sweet for my taste. I opted for garlic mashed potatoes which were very creamy but lacked salt (coming from someone who is a known under-salter this says a lot). The dessert was the main reason for a non-five star review (since the ravioli absolutely earned 5 stars) we had salted caramel ice cream with puffed pastry and apples. It sounds mouthwatering but honestly the caramel was either burned or their was a liquor that wasn't cooked off...I couldn't even eat it though I will say my boyfriend did. Service was excellent - friendly and knowledgeable.  Wine list - only bottle prices are listed, if you drink by the glass you have no idea what you're going to end up with...which was my case. Atmosphere- As others have said it was a bit stark. They need to dim the lights, play some soft music (they were playing something you might find at Azteca) and perhaps make it a little more cozy. I will return for the ravioli because it was THAT good!
5	You might walk in, but there is a fair chance you will waddle out.  Full disclosure; I went to Terra because a wonderful friend of mine had a gift card.  However, I would go again and pay every cent of the rather high prices.  We could possibly attribute this to my goldfish memory, but this is the best restaurant I have been to in Charlotte.Let's start with the atmosphere   The place is small and very unassuming from the outside, being tucked in next to a Starbucks in what just seems like a strange place for such a nice restaurant.  Or the perfect place for the best kept culinary secret in Charlotte.  The decor inside is simple, clean, understated and elegant.  Lots of nicely finished wood and white tablecloths galore.  Make sure that you keep an eye out for the gaudily framed picture of a steak, though.  Altogether the atmosphere is unassuming but pleasant, with some subtle touches that I really like.  Let's attribute my mixed feelings about it to my lack of culture.Anyway, the food.  Wow, the food.  We ordered duck pate, the meat and cheese plate, lamb sausage with cous cous, and the richest ravioli this side of the pearly gates.  It was all amazing.  I could rank them from best to worst, but that would be silly.  The "worst" is easily on par with anything else I have had in Charlotte (and I make full use of restaurant week).  Everything-the plating, the timing, the flavors.I almost forgot, don't forget your glass of wine.  I am no connoisseur but the selection of wine and mixed drinks was fine, if a little steeply priced.  Our server had a personality straight out of Office Space, but did a great job so I shouldn't be mean.I guess my point is, eat here. You won't be disappointed.  Have I ever steered you wrong? What? You don't even know me? Whatever, just trust me.  Do it.  Shoo! Go make a reservation!
5	Stop reading and go.If you insist on the details, we went here to avoid restaurant week. The reviews were outstanding, and I thought to myself "no way it lives up to the hype" but it did. Just well executed, classic French dishes. So rich, and so well flavored.The only thing I would improve would be the atmosphere, it's just sort of "blah." But with food like that, they can decorate however they want.
5	Dining here is a life experience. Thierry and his staff deliver outstanding personable service and quality food. I researched for an appropriate place to celebrate my Daughter's graduation and I kept coming back to Terra.  The Menu is not extensive but the selections are impressive and diverse.I started with the Escargots de Bourgogne, followed by the Lamb Osso Bucco and then finished with the Apple Tart topped with homemade ice cream. I complimented my meal with a nero d'avola. They have a good selection of by-the-glass wines. The Pan Seared Scallops over Risotto, the Duck Confit and Grilled Lamb Sausage were all equally delicious. We did a lot of sharing because it was all too good to keep to ourselves.The waitstaff was available if we needed them, but did not interupt our meal and we were never rushed, which I appreciate.  Chef Owner Thierry Garconnet spent time greeting us and ensuring we were satisfied. He even came over to us as we were leaving to thank us. This type of personal service is rare and welcome.I walked away feeling very good and very satisfied by our experience at Terra. I will definitely be back.Interestingly, I noticed that as intimate as it is, the place was filled with regulars. The staff and owner seemed to know many of them by name. I think it says a lot about a place that has such a devoted following.
4	Excellent. My wife and I went here a few months back and it was delicious. Nice cozy place, that's easy to miss if you're driving on providence. The seafood salad was quite nice. The lamb was outstanding. I thoroughly enjoyed the lamb. Lamb is something that I enjoy, but since moving to Charlotte I haven't gotten into the habit of ordering it here. But you can't go wrong with the lamb here. My wife ordered the mussels since she loves mussels and they did not disappoint there either. The service was top-notch. They were very attentive and very knowledgeable. It's a little pricey, but the quality of the food is up there as well. Overall I'd recommend this place for a date.
2	Decent food, it reminded us of wedding catering and the interior was pretty generic.  It's not terrible, but not really worth the price or trip.
5	Our meal was fabulous!  From the escargot to the faux gras as starters, to our main courses of lobster over risotto and the duck confit, everything was prepared perfectly. We finished we a mixed berry parfait, light and tasty. The service was attentive and the personal engagement of owner/manager indicates how it all comes together. When he visited our table he knew everything we had ordered and asked about each dish. This was a great find for us. We will soon be regulars.
5	We had an incredible meal last night at Terra,,  I seldom go out to restaurants these days because I became so bored. So many times a lot of money paid for meals that would be described mediocre at best. Terra is an incredible exception. I enjoyed scallops over ravioli with a cream sauce that my taste buds sensed before the food hit my mouth. My friends ordered lamb and duck. They were kind enough to share. The food, wine,service were all top notch, really extraordinary.  There are a handful of restaurants in Charlotte that serve this kind of quality. I will be back again and again.
4	Small, easy to host a large group. Not noisy so easy to have a conversation. The food and wine were very good. Only minus is that it shares a parking lot and it fills up quickly.
4	Great first visit on a Wednesday night with my wife and 8 yr. old son.  They were not very busy, maybe 2 other tables.  The best part of the evening was the service.  We had 2 waitresses help us and they were both fantastic. Super friendly and very much on top of it all.  They were quick and not hiding.  Bravo to the girl from Indianapolis!  The food was great too. Had the duck pate and a bowl of cauliflower soup. Both delicious. I had a special of grouper filet on top of saute spinach. It was good, but not super fantastic. probably needed a bit more seasoning for my taste.  My wife had a bowl of mussels. They tasted good but had one problem: they were super miniature.  These things were the size of a dime at best and not the larger variety you find everywhere else. Will not order them again.  Overall, had a great experience and the service and good food were pleasing enough to warrant regular visits.
5	The Bottom Line: Of the finest meals that I have ever had in Charlotte. I can't even bring myself to hold the broken cappuccino machine against them.We were a party of four that included a meat lovers, a part-time vegetarian and someone who only eats chicken.... Not an easy crowd to please but every course, irrespective of what we ate, was perfection. Quality, flavor, portion size, service - superb.Um, yes, I'll be back.
4	I came here for a friends birthday, and off the top, I love a place that knows what they do right! I mean this place doesn't even open until 5pm! So dinner is all they serve... I looked at the menu a head of time cause I am a picky eater, I first ordered the Terra Cesar salad, I must say, the most amazing Cesar I have ever had!! I also order the NY strip streak, it was the biggest NY strip I have ever seen, and it was cooked perfect!! Medium rare how I love it! The service was amazing! My water never got more then half way! The only thing, this may just me being a nag but they have chef special daily which is great, but I wish the waiter would have remembered it or at least wrote it down cause he lost me when he was stumbling to remember the specials... But other then that it was great and the atmosphere was nice quiet and warm!
5	Great neighborhood gem with an intimate atmosphere. Everything we ordered was perfect and the specials were fantastic. The scallops were my favorite along with the mushroom fricassee side. The chef greeted us at the door and also checked on us after the meal; great guy with a passion for the food. Service matched the caliber of the food; very knowledgeable servers that have been at Terra for yearsThis is the place to impress your friends and family.
4	When we arrived at Terra, we were warmly greeted by a  happy, smiling man.  Not sure if he was the owner, manager or chef, but it was as if he was welcoming us into his own home.  And what a lovely, cozy place it is.  The lighting was perfect, and French cafe music played in the background. Our server offered us samples of the wines by glass.  We settled on the montepulciano, which was a bit like a Cabernet Sauvignon.  We were given an amuse-bouche, which was a smoked fish spread on a crostini.  I don't typically eat fish, and It tasted a little fishy to me, so my husband devoured both of our servings.  We were served bread with olive oil and balsamic vinegar.  Very enjoyable, and the server spontaneously brought extra bread.We both ordered the scallops served atop spinach and cheese ravioli.  The presentation was beautiful.  Rare for me to order seafood, but these scallops were perfectly seared and seasoned.  The ravioli needed a bit of salt.  I did note that this restaurant is not too proud to have  salt and pepper shakers on the table.  An appreciated touch.The happy, smiling man who greeted us checked on us to see how we were enjoying our evening.  We were all smiles.  What a charming place.
5	We had a great meal here recently.  Everything we had was perfectly prepared, and the service was excellent.  Highly recommended.
1	This restaurant is located in a very nice neighborhood, with potential. However, Management sucks at this place. The owner stood outside and got on my face about parking my car while I was going to Starbucks. I did not appreciate a business owner cursing me out while standing close to me.  What kind of service and quality of food can you expect from a place who's owner screams at people on their face?From the reviews and the menu, it seems to be a nice place with good food. However, after this incident I will never bring business to this place due to a disrespectful business owner. I would give it 0 starts if it was possible.
