2	I probably go here every 6 mos. or so if I'm with a meat eater that is and they have to have In N Out the grilled cheese is consistently good and my kid likes em too, along with the fries that sometimes come w/ a fish taste at no extra charge!! Chocolate shakes are always fun though and most everyone I go with regrets eating the burgers afterwards though they say "Dude that was a good call you had a grilled cheese huhuhuhuuuh I dont feel too great." I'm not big on onions so the animal style stuff doesnt do it for me either sorry folks. I remember when In N Out came to town GOOD WORD you couldnt even get into the damn place they would have cones up in the parking lot with cops directing traffic. I think its way overrated but they pay the kids that work here more than minimum wage and well the meat eaters need to eat still right!?!
2	i think this place is really overrated. the menu is extremely limited and small. it has to be the smallest menu of any fast food place. the food is fairly boring. their buger tastes very similar to a whopper but is much smaller. prices are a little high for what you get. just ok place.
5	Mmm..I LOVE me some In-N-Out! Yes, the menu is small, but the burgers are huge and the prices are a steal. I can walk out with a double-double cheeseburger, animal, protein style (don't judge, I'm pregnant!) for less than $3.50...and I won't even finish it. I'm stoked they changed their 'cash only' policy...as that was always a pain in the ass. They also use fresh ingredients, never frozen beef, and they cut their own fries. I don't eat fast food, and I would highly disagree that In-N-Out be classified as typical "fast food". Do you see Burger King or McD's using only the freshest ingredients and cooking everything to order?
5	I drove compeltely out of my way for an In-N-Out burger last night.  I freakin love that place.  I have to say, I have been eating at In-N-Out since I was a teen in LA.  It will always be my favorite.  I want to tell you that the 20 years ( God I am getting old) that I have been eating at In-N-Out I have never tried animal style.  I never wanted to screw up what I thought was the best.  I ordered animal style for the first time.  I seriously am in love.  I kind of feel like I wasted the last 20 years of In-N-Out eating on plain old cheeseburgers, when I could of had ANIMAL style! What was I thinking LOL.  If you have never tried Animal style, jump out the box and do it!  it is worth it!
4	Bomb ass burgers off course. Great fries. Hate the long line.
2	CHEESE AND RICE!!!!If you only make 3 muhfuggin things, you'd better make those 3 muhfuggin things gosh darned well, by golly!The burger was only a buck-69, sure, but it was dinky, and it wasn't going to matter *how* I used it; there just wasn't enough meat.[insert joke about how "I'm not used to that" here...bahdumbump]GOT DOWN SAT ON A BENCH!!!!!I sat as the first car in the drive through, after having paid and gotten my drink, for literally 8 minutes, knowing full well that I'd only ordered a single burger and fries, wondering what the creative curses the poor folks behind me were hurling at me for thinking that I'd ordered the whole store.Sure, it was 12:30-ish, but I watched about ten orders go out the front counter in this time.  Again, no exaggeration.   If the orders were in fact being passed out in turn, and the inside counter had gotten that backed up, that's a pretty sad thing.Finally the food...fuh-DANG-ah!!!!!!!      Dem buns was greeeezy!!!I first noticed that the inner wrapping paper had acheived that completely see-through window effect that Dr Nick recommended Homer look for as his ticket to gaining enough weight to achieve Disability status.  I unfolded the drippy paper to find that I could literally squeeze drips of grease out of the bun like a saturated sponge, but only on one half, mind you!  The other half of the bun had edges that were hard enough to warrant 'bird-food status' for any bread product in my household.The one napkin I'd been given was useless, since it had been purposely draped over the french fries, presumably to keep them warm(?)  Luckily, I had a stash in the car....of NAPKINS, silly.    `,8^}   I will say, since I found that slimy thing and the cool limp fries that went with it inedible, that the girl inside was quick to offer my refund, but also quick to make it clear that she wasn't really listening to any of the comments I was providing, but instead was chosing to blow me off as Mr Angry Customer.  I guess I had already shown my cards by letting slip a comment similar to: "If you only make 3 muhfuggin things, you'd better make those 3 muhfuggin things gosh darned well, by golly!" (but not verbatim~ahem~)
4	Oh how I love in n out burger.  I try to rarely go due to the high health content of their food and the fact that I no longer live in a state without one.  I do enjoy animal style fries and animal style burgers though.  For a fast food burger place this is one of the best.
5	Love me some In n Out...so, I live in a state devoid of this great burger establishment so I always enjoy an opportunity to stop in and blow my calorie consumption for the day.Upside is consistency, customer service, freshness and fun...love it animal style. Onions by request but plenty which I love...It can often be a bit sketchy to find a seat but be patient, generally by the time your food is ready someone has finished and moved on.
5	What can I write that has not been written about the greatness of In-N-Out Burger! Maybe my love is borne of the separation from it my primary residence in Dallas compels. I hope that when it opens in Dallas (yes, the plans for that are public), nothing changes.
2	It is a greasey burger, their onions are strong even when cooked which usually carmelizes and mellow them out.  I enjoyed Smashburger a bit more
3	No salt?  No friendly greeting in the drive through?  I am not too bothered by this since I truly love these burgers, but to eat the fries with no salt was a little brutal.  It was still good and everything else came out as consistent as normal.  Don't want to complain since I think they have a great system over at In & Out but someone has dropped the ball at this location when I came here the other day.  I'll still be back.
3	Overall - 3 stars...burgers are okay - fries are fresh cut and pretty good.....Two words - ANIMAL STYLE!! Now that's a burger! 5-Stars for the animal style double double!! that's the only burger I will order here! Everything else is good to fair for the price...
4	We stop here everytime we are in town to visit my brother-in-law.  We don't have these back home and we love their burgers and fries.
5	The 1984's red, yellow, and white lay out sets the stage for their paralyzingly good burgers. After greedily eating my Double Double Animal Style and Well Done Fries (that put Shake Shack to shame), I instantly jump on my phone and rub it into my East coast friend's face. I evoke those meals like children recalling Halloween treats, or Christmas presents.
5	First - a little disclosure, living back east, you can imagine that the thought of an In-N-Out double-double can sometime be better than the reality. Not on this trip!! The burgers were just as fresh and just as good as I had remembered. This location was spotless clean and quick on the delivery. The parking lot can a little tricky getting into so on your first trip, pay attention.
5	Siiiiiiiiiigh. IN N OUTTTTTTTTTThis was a good In N Out, as far as In N Outs go.  The fries were probably some of the best.  And I love the burgers, nuff said.  Even if I didn't have the bad food experiences I had in Phoenix that weekend, this took the prize of being the best experience.  NOM.
4	Pretty good In & Out burger location. Protein style is the only way to go.
4	I'm honestly hit or miss on In-N-Out. I've had several good experiences and, more recently, some bad experiences at locations around San Diego and LA. That being said, for whatever reason, my experiences in Arizona have always been good. So I decided to try a new location (for me) near my hotel. Like all locations I've been to, this one was clean and bright with friendly staff. It seemed to take a bit longer than usual for my food considering I was there at an off time, and my fries were a bit cold. However, the double-double animal style was probably the best burger I've had at In-N-Out. So...I like this location, and my good experiences in Arizona continue!
2	Did I miss something or what? My son brought me here for a late lunch after a Dbacks game. Passed on Chinese which I regret now. We purchased 2 doubles, a single, 3 FF's animal style and 2 large drinks to go. Total...$23 and change! I got the single thinking it would be enough for me. My mouth was watering thinking about a nice thick juicy burger. Wrong! The only thing juicy was the lettuce and tomatoes. I opened the burger to discover a 3 1/2 inch diameter, thin wafer of meat, dry as a bone. Some parts I could actually see through. It was thinner than McD's. 1/8th pounder? I couldn't even taste it. I think you need to order the triple to taste the meat. By the time we got home (5 min.) the cheese on the FF's congealed into one big glob. I ate it cause I was still hungry after the burger. I ate it like a potato pancake. It was unappealing but tasted OK. My son liked his meal? I would go to BK's, McD's or Pete's any day of the week at 1/3 the price. Sorry son!
4	I'm a fan of this location and In-N-Out in general. The fries are better at this location than the other one I used to go to. The last couple times I have been here, the girl at the counter has been a little confused by my order. Everything came out right in the end though.
4	Never had a bad expereinece. Always fresh.Wait times can be a little long, but it is worth the wait for the fresh food.
2	I just dont get it.  I dont understand how or why people brag about how great the food is here.  Sometimes I wonder if people really know what good food is.  I think people in general have come to accept truly average food as being spectacular in their eyes.  This place is no where near the hype it gets.  Truly the most over rated burger joint on the planet.  To each his own I guess? WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.
5	Great as always. It's so popular and busy all the time.Right now Bank of America has a cash back reward of $2.10 for any purchase, no minimum purchase amount. You have to have their rewards card and sign up for the specific In-N-Out Burger deal in your online account.
3	I stopped eating most fast food a few years ago.  That basically means that I cut out McDonald's, Burger King, Carl's Jr., etc. and haven't been at any of those places since.But I still head over to in n out sometimes.  The beef is never frozen and the burger simply taste better.The only fast food I eat now are in n out and chik fil a.  Double double animal style protein style please!!!
5	Simply the best.
4	Great Restaurant!! Quality burgers
4	It's been over 10 months since I took a bite out a nice juicy In-N-Out Burger. Just happens to be I am in Phoenix this week and as soon as the plane touched down I was off to In-n-Out Burgers. It totally had nothing to do with a fellow Yelper checkin' in an In-N-Out in California. Nope! Not at all... ;)In the world of burger franchises one can argue that success cannot be measured by the billions you have served or the number of locations you have worldwide alone. In-N-Out has been very successful in its own right. Burgers and fries cooked and prepared using fresh ingredients. Efficient, accurate and consistent every time. One look at their menu and you'll see why In-N-Out in my opinion blows any of its competition out of the water. You're not going to find chicken nuggets here or a side salad. No way! Their menu is simple. If you walk in here and you don't like meat, In-N-Out will accommodate you by not adding a patty. If you are into high protein diets, no worries, In-N-Out will be more than happy to serve you a burger minus the bun. You can have those burgers and fries any way you want. You may add as many pattys as you want to your burger or cook your fries crispy. With a menu so simple, people have yet to figure out that you can have your In-N-Out in dozens different ways.So how does a Ninja have his in-N-Out burgers? (see attached photo) The ceremonial meal starts by placing the food in a sorta' feng shui for Ninjas. Important to keep the harmony between the Burger, fries and milk shake. Place the Double Double animal style at 3 o'clock, Fries well at 6 o'clock, dipping spread at 9, chocolate milk shake at 11 and a cup of water at 2. Bite into the Double Double and chew it 4 times, grab 3-4 fries, dip fries into dipping sauce, insert in mouth with half chewed burger and wash it down with a chocolate shake. Buurp! No need to elaborate on my rating. 4 solid stars for In-N-Out Burger and the only way In-N-Out will get that coveted 5 Ninja stars is if Lynsi Torres decides to marry me and or give me my own In-N-Out franchise. I won't do both...
4	My 21 year old grandson who lives with my wife & I along with My 14 year old grandson who spent the night while my wife is in the hospital for a knee replacement. After leaving the hospital around 7pm we stopped at In-N-Out Burger for a quick dinner. I normally detest fast food, but I don't even think In-N-Out truly belongs in that category.A lot of people would say In-N-Out is overrated but they are good. They have a very limited menu of get a load of this, all they have is burgers, fries and a few beverages to wash them down.  FOOD: Cooked fresh, our burgers came out hot. They weren't sitting under a heat lamp like some places. It's fast food that's WAY better than any other options out there. For a fast food burger the flavor can't be beat. FYI: I'm NOT a fan of their fries. PRICE: reasonable price. SERVICE: The service was fast and they were really nice.CONCLUSION: I don't know what the secret  is.  Chances are you can make a better burger at home, but at the same time there is just something about In-N-Out burgers that makes them  delicious. Everything was cooked to perfection! This In N Out is on it! They're at the top of their game to handle soooooooooooo many people and still produce such top notch food!
4	Came here on a Monday night and place was deserted but the crew in the back was hustling and bustling like it was lunch hour. The cashier Geovani was extremely helpful and polite which you don't see in a teenager this day. I asked him to explain to me what animal style was and he explained it so well to a first timer. Our food was freshly made and tasty but is a bit salty.
1	Love the chain, hate the poor slow service at this location. Why do I have to wait 13 minutes for 5 cars in front of me? Drive through isn't intended to be a parking spot. Mgmt needs to wake up!!
5	Not much to say but yum. Quality was great. My burger was fresh and hot and the fries are always awesome. We don't have one in Hawaii, so I always try to stop at an Inn n out while on the mainland.I prefer everything plain and untainted by the animal style that everyone loves so much.  Cheap, fast, and good, nuff said.
5	I love you
4	Good old in n out. Tasty, fast, animal style and very centrally located. Keep it up! This place is always a good stop after movies. Drive thrus are fast as well.
5	My friend and I never had In N Out before and wanted it. We decided to drive cross country from Minnesota with the sole reason of tasting burgers from this franchise. It took thousands of miles and about 5 days, but we made it and this burger was entirely worth the trip. They even gave us paper hats.
5	Love this joint! Friendly staff and delicious food! It's at a great location! My son loves the little cups and ketchup pump! We have been eating here since it opened and have had a good experience every time!
4	Same like other joints in CA.  But less busyClean in dine area n bathroomFast order n repeated the order correctlyFoods prepare fast
4	Nothing different at this location.  Still great service in a nice location off the freeway.  Will definitely be back when we crave the best simple burger, fries, and shake in the world!
4	If you're a burger and fries person, you will love it. It's fresh fast food with the kind of story that makes a visit ask the more fun.If you get a a chance to run Google search on "In and Out Burger fun facts" and you'll learn that Julia Child was a fan, that every restaurant has crossed psalm trees outside, and that there are Bible verses on their packaging.
5	Decided to come here for lunch today...back on the low carb kick so I went with some lettuce wrapped Double Doubles.  They really do hook up the lettuce here in the lettuce wrap.  These burgers had like 6 extra lettuce leaves wrapped around them.  I just discarded them to the side and chowed down.  The burgers were great as always.  Hot, fresh, inexpensive and delicious.  Service was friendly although a little weird.  The girl at the register wouldn't really look me in the face.  She kept peering over my shoulder like she was talking with the person behind me (even though there was nobody behind me).  Can she see ghosts?  Fucking rad if she can!  It wasn't a lazy eye either.  It was just a bit odd.  At least she got my semi unorthodox order correct the first time (lettuce wrap, no tomato, no spread, both kinds of onions).  This place is 1 mile from work so I'm sure I will be back.  Can't really beat In N Out!
5	Yumm! I love this place! Best food and all fresh. Never had a bad experience or bad food .
5	My husband drove to this In-N-Out Burger a few years before as part of an epic life-search journey (think Harold and Kumar go to White Castle--but driving from Minnesota to Arizona). Needless to say, when we realized we'd be close to the "In-N-Out Burger that started it all", we had to stop by. Twice. All in all, great service, good food, very clean, and relatively quick (they make everything as you order it). I had one of my Double-Doubles with raw onions and one with fried onions (do the latter of the two). Highly recommend!
