3	Tacos Sonora Grill is now open for business. The neighborhood is rather sketchy and parking is limited so you may want to consider visiting during daylight hours. The menu is limited and the tacos are small. However, the carne asada is flavorful and there's a self-serve toppings bar to personalize it all. This is a very small restaurant with absolutely no seating indoors. Plan on take out in case you can't find a seat at one of the four small outdoor tables. Considering those eating at the restaurant are likely to sit outdoors, I would recommend they place a trash can where people are most likely to use one. The only one I saw was indoors. The prices are right at $1.50 per taco (two dollars for bottled soda) but if you're paying with a card, be compared to fork over an extra $.50.
5	I have been searching for a Rocky Point style taco in Phoenix and I have finally found it.  Simple menu  Tacos, Vampiros, Quesadillas..... thats it.Tacos - exactly like the delicious street side tacos in Rocky Point.  Vamprios - grilled corn tortilla with cheese, beans, and carne. Quesadilla  - little street style quesadilla  with the best cheese ever.                       I'm sorry but Americas Tacos just lost me as a regular.....  I have found my new taco stand!!!Update - Still thinking about that Quesadilla!
5	I've been here twice now and the carne asada is on point.  They cook the beef over mesquite lump charcoal while many of the others cook it on a flat top.  That means flavor and the flavor of the beef is outstanding.  The menu is limited but what they do serve is all very good.  The flour tortilla is nice and dense with plenty of lard while the corn tortilla was soft and supple.  They also have a salsa / topping bar with items like shredded cabbage, limes, radishes, pickled onions, avocado salsa, a hot salsa and another salsa I didn't try.  The atmosphere is lacking and there is bar seating inside with about 3 or 4 tables outside.  The service is great and both times I was greated warmly and they seem to appreciate that you are there.  All in all, this is where I will now go for carne asada.  America's is eh, Tacos Atoyac is awesome but I've never been wild about their carne asada and many other places simply can't match the flavor of the meat here and really, isn't that what it's all about?
5	I'm usually one to prefer chicken - but when the only option for tacos is steak you go with it.  I ordered the taco and was rewarded with tender steak with lots of flavor.  Our lunch crew has gone back several times and the service is always fast and friendly.  For the size and price - order multiples.  Love the salsa bar.  Adding cucumbers is now my favorite treat.
5	I've been here 3 times and LOVE the place. I've been satisfied every single time. Everything in their menu is great. Delicious mouth watering flavor. To make it even better, prices are cheap. I will definitely go back. Try it out! You will not be disappointed!
5	For the price, the flavor and the serving size a delight!  On or way to full the rental car tank near Sky Harbor Airport,  we found this treasure. Crispy corn tortillas, thin flour tortillas and savory carne asada were topped with fresh ingredients of our choice. THIS was the meal I'd been waiting for on a trip to Arizona from the Twin Cities!
5	This place is amazing.  If you are in the area you should absolutely stop by.  The carne asada tacos are fantastic.  The menu is small, the drink selection is minimal and they do it all right.  3 items on the menu: Tacos, Vampiros, Quesadillas!  Will absolutely be back to this place.
5	Great street style tacos, reminds me of rocky point but better. Loving going here when I am on this side if town.
5	Best street tacos in the state and sooo close to the Suns and Dbax game. a must pre game dinner. much less than anything at the stadium and so much more flavor.A must....
5	Being from Hermosillo, Sonora myself, this is the closest to true Sonoran carne asada tacos you can get.  The tacos are al carbon style, so they use real charcoal.  Ask for flour tortillas with yours.The place is very small with only a few things on the menu.  But their carne asada tacos are absolutely the best thing on the menu.   4 will fill you up and they're only $1.50 each!Also, great friendly service and nice selection of salsas at the salsa bar.  My favorite is the roasted salsa. I've hunted all over Phoenix trying to find a great Sonoran carne asada taco.  I guess I found my place.
5	Best place ever!!!! The meats delicious! Great service! Best thing to get is one of each!!
5	The best tacos in Phoenix! I've been there several time on a week day during lunch rush, and I've never waited more than 3 minutes. The beef is high quality and cooked perfectly every time. We travel from the East Valley at least once a month for their tacos and Mexican CocaCola.
5	This place is perfect if you want carne asada tacos that is about all they had besides quesadillas. The meat was full of flavor the taco was delicious .   I prefer my tacos with cilantro and onion which was no where to be found but it was just as delicious with cabbage and there salsas.  I would recommend this place for lunch. The place is tiny but it is super clean and they are friendly. Service was fast. I will definitely be back
5	Just found a great little taco joint!  Now if you don't like steak, then you won't like Taco Sonora Grill.  But if you do, you are in for a huge treat!
4	Food is on point and super cheap. Close to my work and they're quick about making it. The choices are limited but are one of the best dives to grab great tacos. Don't expect much of a parking lot but again, the tacos overlook everything.
5	Tacos are amazing! Fresh, Fresh, Fresh.  Small restaurant and very small menu - but everything on it is great. All tacos are carne asada. They also serve Mexican coke and sprite. Parking lot is rather small, but doesn't seem to pose any issues. Tacos are worth it though! Will definitely be coming back soon! The owner was very friendly and welcoming.
5	The Best tacos in town. The meat has great flavor. I would recommend the VAMPIROS.!!!!
5	Great Steak!!! I was excited to try it out and it didn't dissapoint, I got four nice sized tacos with plain flour tortilla and carne... you gotta prepare it yourself and get everything you need which I DIG! The flavor in the steak rivals someplace you pay $$ for but its a little cut place off Buckeye and its hard to see if your not paying attention lol. I will be back, cuz I owe the nice miss at the cashier $0.25 since i didn't have change to break even on my purchase. Mucho Amor!
5	You feel like you're in Mexico when you walk into this place.  The food is amazing!  You only have three options taco de asada, vampiros, and caramelos.  This is truly... five stars for food.  Yum. I could eat 10 of the taco de asada...actually, I could eat 10 of everything.
3	I had tried to come down here on Labor Day, but they were closed.  I drove back to SD tonight and this was right off the freeway on my way home.  I decided to stop in and get some tacos before my long drive.I walked in and placed my order for 4 tacos.  2 of them in corn and 2 of them in flour.  They only have carne asada here so it makes your choice simple lol.  $7.50 and I went to the salsa bar.  This is where it was a bit meh.  This salsa bar was depleted!  There was no cabbage, minimal hot sauce (I had to turn the container at an angle just to scoop out a little bit) etc.  I mean, I did get enough stuff to put on the tacos, but it would have been nice to have it fully stocked.  Anyways.........a few minutes later, the lady bought out my tacos.  I took them outside and dug in.  Here is how they were..........Carne Asada Tacos-  They were decent.  They serve them to you as plain as can be.  Tortilla and meat.  That is it.  You dress them yourself.  I put a little pico, a little hot sauce and a little avocado sauce on my tacos.  The meat was definitely tender.  It wasn't bursting with flavor but it was definitely seasoned ok.  The best part of the taco was the tortilla though.   I have had better carne asada, but these tortillas are top shelf. Both the corn and flour were awesome!  (So far in AZ, I have had the best homemade tortillas...better than SD.  The stuff that goes IN the tortillas is way better in SD, but the actual tortilla...Phoenix wins so far)  The tacos were a little small but they did fill my stomach for a few hours at least.  Service was friendly.  The lady working the counter was nice and when I went inside to throw away my trash, the cook/owner? thanked me for coming in and gave me a big smile.  I'm down with that!   Great customer service!Will I be back?  Maybe.  If I was at a Dbacks game or something and was craving carne asada tacos, I would know where to go.  Would I drive here from my house in Surprise?  Highly unlikely.  They are exactly what 3 stars is.......... A-OK.
4	Simple menu, great eats! Sonoran Grill is a nice lil'joint for some quick street tacos at a reasonable price. Parking is a bit cramped along with indoor seating but plenty of outdoor seating available. Staff was also very pleasant. I look forward to coming back. Came here before when it was another type of eatery and was disappointed. Today was looking for something new in the area close to work and Yelp had some high star reviews. Decided to revisit the location and happy we did.
5	Simple Menu. Run Down Area. Best Freaking Tacos in Phoenix! No matter what time or day I go, the food taste the same. Fresh quality ingredients are used here, and I know the owners take pride in what he serves. Yes sometimes they might be busy and can't get the salsas out in time, but it's worth a try. I can tell you with certainty that these Tacos are in my Top 5 all time. I've lived in Mexico and it's tough to beat some tacos in Mex, but these guys are here to stay! Best Sonora street tacos in all PHX!
5	I have the luxury of owning a business within walking distance of this place. We can't stop eating there. It's like carne asada addiction. It's awesome!
5	KISS- Keep It Simple, Stupid.This applies to a lot of things- apparently food can definitely be one of those things. Just three things on the menu makes things uncomplicated- but you really can't go wrong. With the prices being so affordable, we tried all three, and were happy with everything. The topping bar made it easy to customize, and the service was fast and friendly. So I'll state the obvious, yes- it's in the hood. Well, get over it. It's worth the drive into the cuts and nobody tried to mug us (even though we parked in the porno store parking lot). My *only* wish would be for some chicken to go with that first rate beef for those of us who only eat beef on a rare occasion, but I can't really complain. They do what they do and they do it well. Thanks Tacos Sonora Grill!
5	Legit.The menu is very very simple, but the food is outstanding. The location - not so much... However, I would definitely come back here if I was in the downtown area. Molly and I sampled everything they offered on the menu (there's like 3 things, and they are basically all different versions of the same thing), and we both ordered seconds. It's a small place - there's more seating on the patio outside than inside. The owner said he wanted to do a food truck - I think the menu is probably better suited for that. This place kicks the collective asses of most of the fancy Arizona Mexican "Street Tacos" that you would find around the Valley. This is definitely more authentic... as others have stated, it's very much like something you would get in Mexico (though I've never had anything nearly this good in Mexico).
4	Bomb diggity, the meat is outstanding. The vampiros are hella good but the caramelos are my favorite. The flour tortillas are on point. I would give it 5 stars but the green salsa & guacamole weren't good. Horchata is bomb too!!!!
5	Really good tacos! The salsa was my favorite. The carne was cooked to perfection. The service was very friendly and welcoming. The menu only consists of 3 delicious items but why making anything else when those three items are so good. The price was awesome too for such good tacos. Location kinda sucks because there is hardly any parking but well worth it. I'm for sure going to be coming back for more!
4	Family owned and super friendly service. The cashier is always smiling and is open to small chit chat as long as she's not busy. Her husband mans the charcoal grill in the kitchen. They keep the menu short and to the point: Tacos, caramelos (quesadilla with carne Asada on flour tortilla), and vampiros (tostada layered with refried beans and carne Asada). The meat can use a little more flavor but it's cooked well and tender. I think they also have flan and a few other items but I've never ordered anything else other than the authentic Mexican bottled sodas. The salsa bar includes various items aside from just salsa. All in all, this is a great spot for a quick bite to eat. Parking can be a bit of a hassle but they have an agreement with the adult store next door to use their lot for customer parking. Please tip them well. They're really close to my job and I'd love to see them stay in business.
