5	Just as good as any of the locations in their home market, with a much cleaner lobby and friendlier employees. On a busy Memorial Day afternoon I was "In N Out" of the drive thru faster than I ever had been at any of the locations I used to frequent in So Cal.
5	The best fast food Hamburger ever!!!! This In-N-Out on the west side is great.
3	It is another fast food place one can get a burger. I do not understand the overly zealous like for the food. Yes the inside of the store is nice and clean and the employees are actually smiling and understand the menu, but considering the limited choices on the menu I guess this is not truly an amazing feat.  But nice just the same. The burgers and fries are ok, nothing to rave about. I did discover that they should be eaten there as these items do not travel well. By the time we got ours home they were just yucky.
5	This is just my opinion, but they have some of the best burgers ever! I'm from Los Angeles, so I was very happy to hear that we had an In-N-Out in avondale! It's not for everyone though. The burgers here do taste different, and so do the fries. I feel that it's because the fries are never frozen and are made on the spot. ( Some people are used to the fake greasy McD fries ) I think I saw something about the burger never being frozen too? I could be wrong though. TASTE GREAT! You should at least try it.
5	I say "as good as it gets" for fast food burgers standards! I will pick In-N-Out over any other fast food place.  Yeah I have had way better burgers, but not from a fast food place!
5	NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM.That's all I have to say about that.
5	Great Burgers.. Only rivaled by Shake Shack in NYC.  I love this food... its the ultimate treat.
5	How could you not love to eat here.. Freshly cooked when you order. No confusing menu, none of that gibberish menu here, just your simple burger, fry, shake and a drink and num num num.  :)
4	When I am hungry & don't have time to stop to eat, I hope there is an In-N-Out Burger around! I can fully enjoy their burgers & fries to the fullest WHILE driving because there is no one around to hear me moaning approval with every bite. BTW, don't worry about my admittal to driving and eating all at once, I am GREAT at multitasking :)
4	Always fresh and good. Usually fairly busy, but service is quick and friendly...
5	Yup. Just as good as it is in CA. Went on fri 2pm and it was empty. Got our food faster than I've ever gotten it at an In N Out. Quick access off the freeway.  If travelling in from California, this is the first one on the Arizona side you'll encounter on I-10.
5	Love In-N-Out. Even tho the lines are always long they do a great job getting you In-N-Out, pun intended :)
5	One word..... Yum!!
4	What can you say about simple, basic, fresh and really tasty burger joint that hasn't been said before?  Honestly I love how simple and tasty it really is.  Reminds me of Dick's back in Seattle (but their fries are even better!) but I love the toasted bun of the burger as well!  While I don't use the "secret menu" it's there and many go Animal style!
2	I had never visited an In & Out Burger restaurant and wanted to know what all the hype was about.  So last night, my husband and I decided to try it.  My impression was it is a very clean restaurant with a whole lot of employees who seem to be incapable of performing their job easily or well.  There were so many people behind that counter, most of them just walking around or partnering with another employee.  It was almost overwhelming to see so many workers crammed into that kitchen.  The burger itself was okay, nothing special IMO.  I thought the bun was nice.  I asked for the burger itself to be cooked well, no pink.  Well, it wasn't.  It arrived medium well.  The special requests I made were followed except for the cooking temperature.  No fast food burger should be served pink unless requested.  Blech.The fries that I have heard folks rave about were just awful for me.  Mine were served room temperature, barely warm.  Greasy, flavorless, and soggy.  Yuk and double yuk.  My granddaughter ordered a strawberry shake.  Something happened to the shake machine and they had a terrible time making that little cup of ice cream and milk for her.  When it was finally served, there was way too much strawberry sauce in the drink.  It was horrid.  I won't go back again because the food was not impressive and neither was the service, despite the many many people working.  The prices were very fair.
5	Classic.
5	A #1 Double Double w/ Animal Style fries... Simply the Best!!
5	Seriously, does In N Out even need a review?? Everyone already know it's the best...next!!
4	The food tastes great. The only problem is the wait. It doesn't matter if you walk in or go through the drive-thru, there's always a wait.
5	The best burger in the western states. They have the best service, best food and very convenient locations. Always a crowd pleaser.
5	Mmmmm
5	Another perfect Double-Double!!
5	My absolute favorite place to grab a fast food burger! Even when the place is super packed the staff is polite and make sure your order is correct. Finding a seat can be a huge pain at time but then that is what will happen at the best burger joint around right!
5	Service is good but they are always busy.
4	I will give 5 stars if their french fries taste better than fried cardboard. Their burgers are good with fresh lettuce and tomato, better than Burger King, McDonalds and Jack in a box. I sent my comment about french fries but I suppose they are not gonna make better fries. I wish they would use russet or yukon gold.
4	On a recent visit to the Phoenix area, we Seattleites decided to indulge in a trip to In-N-Out, something that we don't have up here. We are so glad we ate here.The place was PACKED on a weekday afternoon and for good reason! Everything we ordered was incredible (burgers, fries, milkshake). Yum! Can't wait to go back! I deducted a star because we had nowhere to sit and the food took a long time.Wish we had In-N-Out in Seattle.
5	In-n-Out. If you don't know about it, get your head out of your a** and get a double double, animal style with fries and a shake.You're welcome.
5	I've literally never had a bad, nay, even mediocre experience here. Food is fresh, hot, out fast and so tasty. Service is perfect. Great value. My fav is #2 cheeseburger, protein style, ketchup and mustard instead of spread, and grilled onions :)
2	Nothing special, IMO. I visited to experience something new, as this restaurant does not exist in NC or TN. The burger reminded me of something I would get from Steak n' Shake. The burger was ok, not bad or the best tasting burger.The fries were fresh and not too salty, they tasted like potato chips.The restaurant was busy, but the service was prompt.This was worth trying once.
5	Absolutely one of the best fast food restaurants ever!!! Never had a bad meal here and always friendly staff. Be sure to look of the secret codes to order as they will make much more than what is on there general menu. Recommend the Double-Double with animal style fries and a drink. I hope one day they put one in Seattle, WA.
3	I have been to In-N-Outs in Cali and in AZ.  My niece from OH was craving it, so we all jump into the car and went.  I ordered the #2 (cheeseburger, fries, and a drink).  They still do not impress me, the cheeseburger was ok.  I love the fries but they have to be eaten fresh.  They taste soggy if you wait too long.   Smash Burger is still my love, sorry In-N-Out.
5	Perfect, just like everyother in-n-out
5	Try the protein burger! It's awesome!!
4	It seems every time I head west for either golf or coming back from LA, I like to stop off and grab a number 1. The burger always has fresh produce and the fries are one of the best.
5	Spectacular as usual. I guess as long as they stick to the recipe it would be difficult to screw it up. Went through the drive through and they were pleasant as usual!
5	It doesn't matter which location you go to, it's all the same and GREAT!!!
5	Always busy when it's lunch or dinner time!  It's worth it for their delicious burgers.It's always the same at In-N-Out, juicy patties, fresh veggies and full fat cheese.  I usually order the Grilled Cheese, since you get all the juicy meat flavor without the meat.Otherwise it's a double-double animal style with No Pickles and 2 sides of spread.
4	They're all awesome, all the time! Real fries from freshly cut real potatoes!
4	Always busy but with great food you would only expect it.
4	awesome as always
5	I have never had a bad order here, they work super fast and are always very friendly. I usually use the drive thru cause I'm lazy and don't want to get out of my car, the drive thru line is usually long but no worries!! They work fast! :)
4	Great staff, great burgers!
3	It's a good burger and milkshake-great for the price.  I am not a big fan of their fries, but I know a lot of people who are.  The hidden menu is fun to try out as well!  This place is always busy, but they have a good staff that speeds up the line quickly.
5	I don't even eat red meat and I have to give it 5 stars!  Love their grilled cheese with onions, fries, and either a strawberry shake or iced tea.  Low prices, fresh food, and friendly employees.  My favorite fast food place!  Parking lot can be a bit challenging and always crowded.   There is another location at the 101 and Camelback that isn't too far away, but not nearly as crowded.
4	In-N-Out is standard. We went at lunch time and it was crowded (which is typical for all In-N-Outs). I was a bit suprised that my food was out right after I ordered (accidentally almost grabbed someone else's; they called 74 and I thought I heard 94). Anyways, the maximum capacity for the dining area is 71 people, so if your planning on having a party, bring under 71 otherwise your 72nd friend will have to sit outside (and no one likes to sit by themselves).Pro's:1. This In-N-Out is in a really good location. Right off the freeway; you can go off the freeway, grab your food, and go back on.Con's:1. Good luck finding a seat.
5	4x4 and animal style fries. GREAT PLACE!!!!
4	Always fresh. Always delicious! Gets super busy on the weekends and late at night.
3	It had been a while since I had been to an In N Out, and I figured I would give it another chance.  I've lived in California twice, and everyone there is obsessed with the place.  I can remember my first time visiting and thinking, meh, it's just ok.  So, I walked in to the Dysart location and stood in line for fifteen minutes and then waited ten more minutes for my food.  My opinion: meh.  Their fries are good, but their burger is nothing special.  Five Guys and Whataburger beat it hands down, every day of the week.  So next time I was hungry, that's exactly what I did....go across I10 and get something that I enjoy.
5	What more is there to say the name of the place is a review in its self.
5	In N Out Is by far the best burger joint out there! :) very simple menu but everything is great!....this place is crowded at times but the wait isnt that long...its clean, and the staff is very fast and friendly
2	I've never been to an In-N-Out, I've only seen instagram pics and etc so since I was starving and wanted some fries and decided to expand my beef taste buds (I don't eat beef,but when I do it's only Taco Bell and Five guys) so I went through the drive through since inside was packed. I got my meal and sat in my car and ate thinking with such amazing great reviews I'd have the same experience, but no. When I got my food it smelled like fish, the fries were okay, not what I was expecting and the burger was okay. The only good thing about the food was you can taste how fresh the lettuce and tomatoes. Also the girl at the drive through was nice, that's about as all the good things I can say. I'm so disappointed, I was really wanting an awesome meal since I didn't feel like driving to a restaurant in old Scottsdale and waiting for my food and being even more hungry. Either way I will not eat In-N-Out ever again, just not my cup of tea lol. I only give two stars to places I will never eat again.
5	Where do you eat for 63 years, always love it & never get tired of it?  In-N-Out!!So I stopped in to this location for the first time today, joined by Jackie C. & Mike C.  This time I went with a Double Double ($3.30), Fries (well done) $1.65 & a Chocolate Shake ($2.05).Great food, great dining room, great staff.  5 Stars?  Of course!     :-))("Yelp 100 Challenge" #200!)
4	in the immortal words of the Bangles:If you want to find all the cops,They're hanging out in the In-N-Out.They sing and dance (Oh-Way-Oh)They spin their clock and cruise on down the block at least I think that is how it goes now =P Seriously they had about 4-5 squad cars here when I swung through late at night with a friend to get something on the way back to SURPRISE where we were staying. It is awesome that they are always open late. Pro Tip: Do not try and rob this location. You are likely to find more cops than in a doughnut shop grubben or chillaxen here!The grub was pretty tasty. Exactly what you would expect from In-N-Out. The double double was tasty. I stole some fries from my friend since I didnt wanna eat a lot of them. Carb overload on the fries ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh... i can feel the fat growing even now from the carbs... This place is tasty and worth a stop. Its everything you could want in a quick burger and is the only "fast food" joint just about that I will eat at on rare occasion. Enjoy it, it is tasty.
5	I've probably been there at least 100 times. It never gets old. Just remember not to let the food sit too long. Fresh food gets cold and soggy fast. Eat inside or in the parking lot.
4	Always a great burger and love their fries. This location does get crazy busy at times though and we've left because it was too busy.Will definitely be back.
5	Fast service, good burgers, same as any other in-n-out. The know how to handle lunch time with out making people wait too long.
5	Man, I so miss this burger chain living on the east coast.I've only eaten at one In-N-Out Burger place that was slightly sub-par, and this wasn't it.  Service like at a Chik-fil-a: We were about to sit down and a guy came running over to wipe down the table and seats.  They actually brought us our food.  And the place was packed, so the employees had to be on their toes to do this across the restaurant.And the food?  The fries are really good, but I miss the burgers so much that I eschew the fries and double down on the double double instead.  If there is a better fast food burger experience, I'm waiting to have it.
5	My brother is visiting from Seattle, where apparently they do not have In 'n' Out Burgers! So of course we had to go. The menu could not be simpler, and for once, a fast-food burger looks like what's advertised. Will definitely go again when I'm craving a burger and fries.
3	I'd say this place is just a normal In-N-Out Business. You get the same treatment, the long lines, similar food quality and burgers, and the overall satisfaction of getting something in your belly after a long drive.My friends and I stopped by this place on our way from Tucson, AZ to Los Angeles, CA and she was craving "animal style" fries so we had to stop by here.If you do decide to make a pit stop at this place, I'll warn you now about the parking. The flow of traffic in and out from this restaurant business is awful. Lines build up and just finding parking in their small lot is a nightmare. We came around peak hours, unfortunately, and luckily found a spot in the corner to walk inside and order. I believe we got there around 12:30pm or 1:00pm and I never wanted to get out of an In-N-Out so badly until then. Haha.But I digress. If you want a standard burger and fries that'll curb your appetite, this place is always the place to go to. It's conveniently located next to other shops and stores (like Taco Bell and Walmart), and is just off the freeway. How convenient!
3	While this wasn't my first In-n-Out experience, it was my first in a over a decade and I have to say, I remember it a lot better than it actually is.  OK, don't get worked up. It just didn't thrill me.  It was fresh, well made and just fine.  I just don't want to build a temple in the building and worship it like others seem to!  I got a double double with onion (and when they mean with onion, they mean it!), fries and a chocolate shake.  I liked the burger (could have done without the special sauce, which to me is just thousand island), liked the fries, although they needed more salt and loved the shake (perfect consistency and chocolatey taste). The place was packed, the service was fine and the price was right!  I would go go back, but I like Five Guys better - sorry I do!!
2	yes 2 stars. Fries were cold and hard, and burger seemed EHH.  I dont have these where I live so I was excited to get one. They did give my dog a patty which I thought was cool. BUT the fries killed it for me and the burger just seemed off.
3	All my life I've heard that in-n-out is the end all be all of hamburger joints. That there's no way I could any further in my life without visiting one. Every time I go to Vegas I hear "You HAVE to go to In-N-Out". Well we were going to Goodyear Park and wanted to stop here since they were nearby. I'll give it to them, they were packed at 11am on a Saturday.But I wasn't impressed. The burger and fries were just "okay". Nothing to write home about or that I'd have to tell the world about (which I guess I'm doing right now). I know 5 Guys came after In-N-Out, but I felt like 5 Guys just does it better. You can actually order TOPPINGS. Crazy, I know.All in all, I'd try them again, but don't know that I'd go out of my way for it.
5	I love In-N-Out. I am so happy to have one close by once again. The food is always good and the workers are always pleasant to deal with. I have never run into a rude employee. This location lives up to those high standards. Even when it is busy, which is most of the time, they get you through the line quickly. The food is fresh and delicious. I will always choose In-N-Out over other fast food places because the quality is much better for the same price or even less.
2	Why are these so popular again???Just went to one for the second time in my life, and was reminded why it is not a "must go" for me.Just an extremely average burger and fries, only the burger is smaller, and the prices are the same.....was over $7 for me to eat a maybe 3" diam Burger meal.
4	Good burgers and french fries as always!  Don't forget the In-N-Out sauce for your french fries.  We ordered one meal set for cheese burger, another cheese burger and a milkshake.  All that for only $10 :0 Seating could be tough but good service.
5	This was a treat for me because we don't have In N Out on the east coast. But the burger and fries were so delicious and the staff was so patient and friendly!! Cheaper than Five Guys and healthier! I highly recommend the double patty wrapped in lettuce.
5	I've been a consistent costumer of In N Out throughout the years. They make the best hamburgers EVER. Seriously, I feel like angels are dancing on my tongue after ever bite. I'm almost positive I saw a unicorn poop out a rainbow last time I was here. The food is always delicious, hot and fresh. This location was no different. Only downside to my last visit is that some rando crazy man walked in talking to himself and hung out in the corner for awhile having a very important  and loud conversation with himself. I wasn't really fazed. I mean shit it's 105 outside, that'll make the best of us go a little crazy. Now get up and go get yourself a damn double double and don't forget to animal style that ish.
5	We've been coming here for years.  I've always loved In-N-Out ... the burgers are on the small end but it's perfect for me.  Great service.  Great food.  Super busy location.
5	In-N-Out is always great and this location was no exception. The dining room was exceptionally clean and the staff were all happy to be there. They had more than enough people to keep the place up for the dinner rush and everyone had a smile on their face. They also took great care of us and our kids and gave us some sticker pads and hats.If you're not familiar with In-N-Out food, leave now and go check it out. The burgers and fries are delish! My favorite thing (off menu) is fries animal style. Bring your appetite! This is absolutely the best fast food burger you'll find and it beats a lot of gourmet burgers too.
3	Yo......I love In N Out.  I think they are the most consistent place out there, they are inexpensive, fresh and tasty.  That applies for most of them.....this is only the 2nd time out of probably 100s of times that I have been to an In N Out and was not completely impressed.I placed my usual order of a Double Double with no tomato, both kinds of onions, and an order of fries.  Had a water to drink.  A little over $5.50.  Service was friendly but the food was "off".  My burger was not piping hot....the patties were warm but not hot.  The spread was also "off".  I could taste a huge hint of mayo in the spread.  I know its made with mayo but they usually blend/cut that shit so well with the ketchup and relish, you never even get a hint of mayo taste.  I had more than a few bites with straight mayo taste.  It was not good at all.  The produce seemed a little off too.  The onions had a weird "bite" to them.  Besides the Goleta In N Out, this was the worst In N Out Burger that I have had.  The fries were pretty good as usual.  Nothing wrong there.I'm pretty sure I will not come back to this particular one.  The only reason I came here was that it was the closest In N Out to where I was at the time.  Ill drive a few miles up the road and hit up a different one next time.
2	I have not had In-N-Out for a long time. I never understood the hype. But I decided it was time to give it another try to remind myself why I wasn't crazy about it. I don't like the standard toppings on their burgers, so I got a plain cheeseburger. I never cared much for their fries so I just split an order with my friend. The fries were so oily that I could not have eaten more than half without feeling sick to my stomach. And I like grease! There is just something about them that doesn't jive with me. The burger was okay, but I would rather go somewhere that I actually like the fries (Five Guys, Culver's, Smashburger, Freddy's, even Wendy's). Sorry In-N-Out fans! I just don't get it.
4	same story as the ones in cali.long line , but this one took seriously about 1/2 to get thru the drive thru.
2	I'm usually a huge fan of In-N-Out, but today must've been just an off day for this restaurant. I had a double-double animal protein burger, animal style fries, and regular fries. Everything just seemed like tons and tons of salt was poured on it. It was way too salty. Next time, I will definitely ask for no salt on the fries. I recommend you do the same or ask for reduced salt.
