4	Neighborhood Wal-Mart is a staple in my grocery chain that I frequent.  This location just off the 215 and stephanie was a convenient stop last night to grab a few quick items before heading home.Service was great as it being my first time at this location I needed a little help finding a few products.  All the great value and quantity that we've come to know and love with Neighborhood Wal-Mart.
3	Well, if I am the Duchess I suppose I should review the place :) So, this is the kinda joint I stop in if I need a can of kindney beans or dry pasta. Anything that is already boxed...NOTHING FRESH. Its almost like seeing your ex unexpectedly. Leaves you with that kind of gross feeling in the pit of your stomach and you feel dirty but you do not know why.....yet you text them later. Get it....I keep going back....but don't know why. Just not for anything fresh....Lesson of the day: dirty places need love too! So I give, I give.
4	Doesn't seem to have certain items that the super Wal-Marts have. Are the prices slightly different, also? Still admit it's very convenient. Never ran into a long line at the check-out, don't have to park far away, and never very crowded.No complaints :)
2	This store is going down hill fast. The other day I was looking for something as simple as coffee filters. They did not have any 8-12 cup sizes available. As I walked down the aisle, I noticed the mangers coming my way. When I told them what they were missing, they dismissed me like I was some scrub. Today, I went looking for something as simple as chorizo. They were out of it, and the other day when I went looking for Jimmy Dean sausage they were out of that as well. (We wound up using another brand which made our biscuits and gravy very bland) Their water machine has been broken for two weeks so I had to buy water by the gallon. (Which becomes expensive) Their hot food selections are typically sitting there for eons. (I tried the wings which were barely edible) Sorry to say it, but it is now worth it to drive the extra one-minute to Winco even for small trips. They have way lower prices and always have everything in stock.
1	Worse than ever! They did not have formula for our daughter. They did not have formula. Horrible. Also, they sold us a bag of Butterfingers which was missing several of the bars. (Just empty individual packs.)
4	When I don't want to deal with the stress of supercenters, the Neighborhood Market is one of my go-to place. What it boils down to is that the Neighborhood Market is a Walmart minus general merchandise, crowds, and stress. Regardless that the prices are slightly higher than the supercenters, they are still inexpensive. From my experience, they carry the exact food as the supercenters. The number of checkout lanes open is usually one to two. The same as most supermarkets. Parking is also plentiful.  Walmart built the Neighborhood Markets for consumers that want to save money and live better without driving to the supercenter. In a sense, they built this store to sustain their food customers in their Marks Street supercenter market area. When I am in the area and I want inexpensive food without dealing with the stress of shopping in the Marks Street supercenter, I often patronize this Neighborhood Market.
2	I shop this store all the time but am EXTREMELY frustrated at the constant empty shelves (and some of these items are their own brand). I have complained to the manager and written to corporate customer service but to no avail.  It's like they don't care about their customers.
4	Walmart Neighborhood Market concentrates on groceries more so than general merchandise. So if you're looking for their snazzy clothes you'll be out of luck here. They had everything I needed on my grocery list.2 thumbs up!The store was clean, shelves stocked and good signage made it easier to find items I was looking for.  I was pleased with the produce selection and the reasonable prices.The difference between WM Neighborhood Market vs Super WM grocery are choices for items they carry. The shelves stock limited choices of an item. Whereas the Super WM has more shelf space and a better variety of choices. And the prices here are slightly higher on some items. One thumb down.This shopping trip was easy peazy! Cashier was pleasant and rang me up and I was outta there with my cart load of groceries in less than 20 minutes. No lines no crowds and even the parking lot was stress free. Thanks Daniel S.  for suggesting this place! Im adding it on my grocery store go-to list.
2	The good part:- Open 24 hours- Large variety of selections.Other than that, the employees are horrible especially Jim. He was in a rush while cashing me because he had to leave in 5 minutes (sorry not my problem you are still paid for the 5 minutes). And was slamming my items at the scanning machine and dropping my bags on the floor.In a perfect world, this guy should be fired or better yet, I should have been allowed to give him a beating.
1	Horrible service!!! Everyone here acts as if its such a JOB to help someone.. oh wait it is!!!!! You chose this job so don't treat customers like we're bothering you. And not just a few but seriously EVERY employee I've talked to seems annoyed or upset that they have to help me.
3	My biggest complaint is how they bag groceries at these Walmart stores. They drop your items in the bags at a level that is not natural to what one experiences at every other grocery/drug store in America.  Then when all your bags are full, most barely full, they then leave it up to you to make sure you have all your bags. Twice I have walked out of these stores when I was in a hurry leaving some of my paid for groceries behind.  Answer to this, shop elsewhere until this system is changed. Google this, I am not the first person to question this practice.  Other than that, these stores are usually very clean and the prices are much cheaper than other grocery stores.
1	Worst grocery experience ever. We came in and spent a substantial amount of money. The manager on duty med to heavy built with a buzz style hair cut was very rude. Hello walmart,  if you have these kinds of people running your establishment you are going to fight a loosing battle.
