4	Seriously, If your going to complain about the prices @ the WYNN ENCORE, Sundries...then I'm guessing you cannot afford to stay there nor afford a REAL Vegas trip. Who doesn't know that the prices in the Hotel "Gift Shops" are marked way up?My only regreat about not going to the store sooner was seeing all the great stuff they had to offer after I had lost my cash at the tables.lolIf you really love some of the room goodies that are offered, I recommend hitting the Sundries. You could save a buck or two. The "wine well" is an awesome amenity to have at your disposal. My friend bought a couple of Asahi's and chilled them to perfection!The staff was attentive and polite. Especially when my it came to assisting me in a hurry. My daughter happen to get sick and have a fever. I had to buy a forehead thermometer and children's motrin. Kudos to the staff!!
5	I actually liked the sundries store... They have everything and a well stocked pharmarcy.. Prices are inflated? It is everywhere, not just that store....
3	They have an instant cooler for your wine and drinks. Seriously. That made my day.
3	Where is a girl suppose to buy alcohol around here? Me and some friends wanted to pre-game in our suite before clubbin, so we wanted to buy a bottle of Belvedere. But we didn't want to walk far so we found this place downstairs of our hotel. Now the prices here are of course jacked up because it is on the strip and in a nice hotel. Most places that sell alcohol on the strip, sell if for more than it's usual retail price. Unfortunately they didn't have Belvedere so we settled for the next best thing, grey goose. Anyways, a bottle of goose was almost $85, you can get it at a grocery market for like 40 something. Six bottles small bottles of cranberry juice and one bag of chips came out to be almost $30. But, hey it was all so we could have fun, so it didn't matter! Thank god for this place being right downstairs because if you ordered a bottle from room service, that bad boy would cost you $150!
3	Overpriced as all things Wynn
4	Here I expected cute tchatchkies and mementos and fancier souvenirs than one would find in a tacky shop on the Strip - and I expected way higher prices than at tacky shops on the Strip and, guess what! My assessment of this small shop off the Encore lobby was spot-on!!!Here you will find lovely lotions and potions and cute toys and stuffed animals for the kids, cards and gift items for folks back home, and essential toiletries you might have forgotten to pack. Sure, the prices are higher than at Walgreens but do you really want to walk 10 minutes outside to save a few bucks on a tube of toothpaste? Judgement call. The sales lady was friendly and the store was cute.
