5	Store Hours are Mon-Sat 9am-7pm and Sun 10am-5pm.Well, I walked in at 6:30pm on a weekday and asked if they'd take care of me, and they so did! My eyebrow wax came with a super-simple but amazing head massage, and was well-done. All of the manicures in progress were "gel manicures", so I tried my first gel manicure. I have a frosty pale pink base coat, and bright pink french-manicure style tips (I didn't think it would be possible to do both with the gel manicures, very pleased with the result). I got the basic pedicure but with a cute little design on my big toe. The gel manicure took almost an hour? I was there a long time, but never felt rushed. I even asked if we should skip the pedicure until next time, but she said that wasn't necessary.A little pricier than I'm used to, but so far the quality has been much better too.*Tami was a real sweet-heart and does excellent designs.
5	I ripped a nail down to the nub and went in there for help. She was gentile and made it look so much better. Got gel polish and will go back. I like a nail place full of ladies!!
3	I went in today for a Manicure & Pedicure. No bells & whistles- just a standard visit. I was a little surprised seeing as how great the reviews are. I would say this salon was pretty average. Not a vast selection of nail polish color choice, no above average customer service and not much in the way of a thorough manicure or pedicure. I have definitely had a better experience elsewhere. BUT it wasn't a bad experience either. Just kind of average with higher than usual prices. $13+ for a basic manicure & $25+ for a basic pedicure. The ladies helped me promptly and didn't put too much pressure on up sells which I appreciated. One thing I REALLY dislike about nail salons is that the workers love to speak to one another in their native language so customers don't know what they are talking about  or who they are gossiping about. It makes me uncomfortable but maybe that's just me. A couple of my nails smudged a couple of minutes after I left which was disappointing but not entirely their fault. Overall, average experience to which I may or may not return.
5	I love this place.  Only a 5 minute drive from my house and my manicurist is very meticulous.  She actually cares about shaping the nails, gets ALL of my cuticle, wonderful hand massage and PERFECT polish!!  Kim is the best, ask for her but make sure you don't interfere with my appointment.  LOL!
2	Average Asian nail salon. Happy with the results of my pedicure. The customer service was ok , they could do without all the gossiping in their native language. They seem to make very clear who they are talking about and it gets to the point where it's uncomfortable. I'm sure I won't be making a second visit.
5	Love this place. Tim did my nails and he took his time,was kind and gentle! I will be back!! :)
1	Boo. Just went there and got a pretty expensive pedicure for $25. I sat next to someone who got there before me, same pedicure deal yet I was done before she was! My manicurist seemed so lazy and not into doing my nails that it shows. She cut off too much skin around the nail beds that now two toes are bleeding and she barely scrubbed/massaged my feet. I was getting jealous of the person next to me, her manicurist seemed so friendly and happy to do her job while mine looked like she hated life. And I was getting the butt-end of her anger. So sad, nothing feels worse than being treated badly/unfairly and having to pay for it as well. And I'm not the type of person to not tip even if you did a horrendous job, there goes $30 I'll never see again. Recommend not going here, go to Slick Nails down a couple of blocks. They're much more professional and they'll let you pick out your own slippers to take home, unlike this place.
3	Went here for the first time with my sister on a Saturday morning and by 11 a.m., it was packed. We were able to walk in and were both getting a mani/pedicure. Unfortunately, for both, it was about $40 and that was not including the "spa" pedicure.  Very basic service and a bit pricier than other places I have gone to in the past.  Will keep looking around for a regular go to place up in the Aliante area....
5	After going to a salon down the street and having a horrible experience (they severely infected my toe) a friend recommended that I come here. Tim did my gel fill and pedicure and was so gentle and concerned about giving me exactly what I wanted. He cleaned up all the dead skin left over from the infection and the massage was amazing. He took his time and allowed me to relax. I definitely think I have found my new salon.
1	I was taken here for a mother's day pedicure and although Tammy does my nails (which I love ) some other ladies did my daughter and my pedicure. They were not focused on what they were doing and didn't do a very good job! They were more concerned about there own language conversation. ...They didn't even polish all of the toe nail on my daughter's nail. .. I'm very disappointed....
1	Went there to get eyebrows cleaned up. She did a terrible job, to where I needed to go somewhere else to get them done right.  Beware if you use your debit card. I did, but then noticed after I put in my pin that there is a surveillance camera pointed DIRECTLY at the keypad. Fortunately I always cover the keypad with my other hand anyway, but I'm sure many don't think about it. Not saying that something shady is going on, but I am over careful about protecting my personal info, and everyone else should be also, so it just turned me off to the place.
1	Took my wife here for a mothers day manicure/pedicure.  I could not believe how poor of a job they did.  They didn't spend hardly any time massaging her arms and legs. They rushed her throughout the entire process.  At the end, it cost her $115!!!!!!!!  She gets gel nails at many other locations for around $60-70 and do a far better job.  We will never be coming back here again, save yourselves money and get a better job done and go somewhere else
2	Went here with my mom. I got my acrylics removed and then just had gel put on my real nails. The lady barely soaked my hands in acetone and just took off the acrylics with fake nails. It hurt SO SO bad! So bad that she ripped my pinky nail up to my nail bed! I also wanted to keep the length, but she just cut off my nails. She did a well job on the gel manicure. For some reason, I feel like I got overcharged and I shouldn't have paid $45 for a removal and a plain gel manicure.... Also, the lady who did my mom's pedicure asked my mom what kind of pedicure she wanted. My mom only wanted a basic pedicure which is, I believe, only $25 or $30? The lady ended up doing another kind of pedicure for $40 without letting my mom know until she had to pay. And they talk about you in Vietnamese, but make it so obvious that they are. They did a nice job on my mom's toes, but the service is really what's important, and it wasn't the best.
5	Love this place!! Been a loyal customer for years now and they do the best nails! If they don't have the design, they will hook it up for you! Van does best french tips with rhinestones, always hooking it up!
3	Went in for a pedi with a friend getting a polish change and mani...*They sat us together only for her polish change and wouldn't do her mani at the pedi seat so we were separated even though my friend asked to stay by me and no one took the seat after her.*I wasn't offered a pair of slippers. That just comes off as saving a buck to me.*when I asked for change for a $10 so that I could tip, I was handed 2 fives...a bit presumptuous, I thought.So that leaves 2 stars...One for little Ann being great about my infant son on my lap, and even letting my 6y/o sit in the pedi chair when he asked. Heck, I'll give and extra star just for that! How my kids are treated is very important to me!And another for a decent pedi.
5	They do a great job! Everyone is Vietnamese but they all speak English and understand what you need. Best nail place I've been to in Vegas so far. I'm usually extremely picky with my nails too.
1	Today I went  here to get my nails done and the guy that did my nails had a terrible attitude. I had to walk away before he could finish my nails. he was mean and rude and made my entire experience a nightmare. I came here to relax and have a good time but he made it impossible.  If I come in and pay for a service like this I expect to be treated well not like I am an annoyance.  If I could give zero stars I would.
5	I've been coming here for 8 years. It's always a great experience. Never had any infections. The staff changes from time to time, and sometimes there's a small wait, but it's always worth it! The owner, Michelle, is usually around and she makes sure everything's good. Love love love it here.
5	I love love love this salon!! I have been going there since 2007 and wouldn't trust any other shop. The staff are so friendly and they always make you feel at home. I recommend them to anyone looking for a top notch salon!!!
