4	First time at any Firehouse Subs. They steam the meat to keep it super fresh and moist. Very good job and we'll be coming back.
2	Went in to Firehouse subs today for lunch 6/3/14 and did not have a great experience.    There was a female manager running around scolding employees telling them where to stand and where not too.  She verbally reprimanded a person on the line for making a sandwich incorrectly (all within my earshot).  While she should have been worried about why it is taking 10-15 minutes for me to get my 1 sub.  Now onto the sub.. I got an italian sandwich, which had some kind of sweet sauce on it.  I cannot fathom why there would be a sweet sauce (think sweet mayo) on a italian sandwich.Overall, really disappointed, will not be back.
3	The only reason this place got three stars is because the food is amazing, BUT the service is terrible. The people they have working there have absolutely zero social skills and a severe listening problem. I'm ordering a sandwich, I don't need to give you a personal history and take a freaking survey to order my food. Listen to what I tell you I want and give me what I ask for. It's not a Wolfgang Puck 5 star restaurant.  I don't need you to go into the services you provide. I want a sandwich.
3	We came here for dinner tonight and enjoyed the "Firehouse" experience.  It's kind of hard to describe or appreciate the exuberance of the employees as you come in and hear, all of them say in unison: "WELCOME TO FIREHOUSE SUBS!!!"  LOLIt's overwhelming, but a nice touch and all the employees are extra friendly. As for the food, it's very good and makes you want to come back for more. We had the medium Meatball for $5.99 and the large Italian for $8.19. We made the Italian a Combo for $2.49 more. Though admittedly, $18.00 might be pricey for two, but we enjoyed ourselves and the bread IS very tasty. One note before ordering, read carefully what condiments they put on their subs. They tend to add Mayo, Mustard, or both, to sandwiches you wouldn't expect. Pastrami & Corn Beef, or the Italian for example. LOLSo Three Stars "A-Okay" and yes, we 'll be back.
3	A three star rating per Yelp means A-OK. I think that fits for this restaurant. I think all of the employees are polite AND helpful. They are always willing to help out the newbies coming into the shop. The sandwiches are okay, but nothing which will blow you away. The only exception would be the Beef and Cheddar, which is really good. I dig the two soda machines that they have so you're never waiting to fill up. They have those new machines where you use the touchscreens to pick your drink.One source of aggravation for me as a customer is that businesses are always asking the customer to donate something. In this case, they ask the customer if they want to round up their purchases. I really just want to buy lunch and move on. Let me decide how I want to spend my Charity budget on my own terms.
3	Came here for lunch with a friend this week. Twas alright. It actually looked really cool inside, and you could tell it originated in the Midwest. There was a firehouse theme, naturally. The tables were polka dotted like dogs. Maybe there were too many chairs and tables though. I had the chopped salad and it was good. I really want to try the cranberry turkey sandwich next time. A lot of their subs are toasted. They post a lot of nutritional info which I appreciate.
2	Place is nice, staff is nice but a bit rehearsed.  Always eager to take your trash.  Should come up with better system to bring your food out. Sandwich is kind of bland and not as tasty as places like Potbelly or even Quiznos though better than Subway.
3	Subs are good.  I think Jersey Mikes is better by far.  Ordering is confusing.  There is a person standing up front and you have to order somewhere else.  Found myself talking to someone but not really ordering.  Subs did not blow me away with flavor.  I could most likely make a better one.
4	Very customer friendly and always fresh tasting subs. What more do I want from my local sandwich shop?
5	I love this firehouse!! Friendly staff and delicious food! Very clean too. I got the turkey bacon ranch sub...sooo good! Make sure to try some of their house sauce with your sub!  Delish!
4	"Welcome to Firehouse!" says every employee in the ENTIRE BUILDING!   Geez Louise....I hope this isn't the new "corporate smile".  I get it.  It's better than being treated like garbage...but wow owners, do you really have to hold the gun to your employees' heads to say that?Anyway, things I really love about this place---great subs and all the hot sauce options you can dream of.  They didn't have the Pickapeppa sauce when I last showed up, but I dealt with it and decided to try one of their brand sauces...wow.  They should just put that in every single sandwich it's so good.I love the Freestyle Coke machines.I think the sandwiches are too expensive for what they are.  The subs are good, but if I'm throwing down more money because they provide this amazing "customer service" of everyone inauthentically shouting "Welcome To Firehouse", I'm not interested.  I came here with a coupon for this place.  If you're charging that kind of money for a subs, make them a little bigger and be liberal with your sandwich ingredients.I am giving this place a 4 star rating--it get's a 3.76 rating in my book, but I'll just do what the cashier usually asks me to do...even it out to donate to a good cause.  I usually say "no", but I like that they try to give back to the community.
3	friendly staff. The place is clean and there are tons of hot sauce if you're a fan of spicy. I'm giving it 3 stars though because it is a little pricy for what you get.
5	Welcome to Firehouse!!I hate to admit it but I like Subway, I go there often during lunch but when the boss is paying, you go where he wants. So a couple months ago he suggested we stop here for lunch. Ehhhh, I don't really like trying new foods. Besides hiring me, this was the best decision he has ever had!I ordered the Capt. Sorensen's Datil Pepper Grilled Chicken and fell instantly in love. They claim it's under 500 calories but I think that's a lie, it takes way tooooo good. I've been here more than subway in the past few months and I'm happy to say, I love this place. I also love that you have Mellow Yellow, no one ever has that anymore. I can't comment on any other sandwich since I refuse to try anything different. I crave this sandwich.
5	My favorite sandwich place right now! I love the food especially the meat. Friendly staff! Good price based on how delicious the sandwiches are!
