3	Dropping into this unassuming strip-mall restaurant on a Friday night, we found one heck of a crowd.  I mean they were absolutely slammed.  Khan's, which is just a couple of doors down, had almost no one inside.  So I either the food was great, Khan's is bad, or some combination of both.We've been to Khan's, and the food there isn't bad at all, so we didn't know what to expect.  What we did know is that NYPP, as the server's shirts proudly proclaimed, was absolutely hopping.  So we decided to stay.  Somewhat surprisingly, we found a table without so much as a wait.  I guess everyone moved fast enough that it just worked out that way.While they offer a menu, and they seem to offer delivery as well, the attraction at New York Pizza and Pasta is definitely their buffet.  Spread out in a corner of the lobby area, it holds four or five pizzas of varying toppings, some form of breadsticks (often stuffed), a couple varieties of pasta, and a healthy salad bar.What it doesn't offer, unlike many pizza buffets, is a dessert selection.  It's not that they don't have a dessert offering there - they do.  But it doesn't come on the buffet.  You have to buy it separately, and it's under the counter up front.  The servers don't really offer it, even if you ask.  It's like you pick it up on the way out.  So it's like they just don't want to sell it, which is a little odd.As to the food itself, very tasty.  The cheese and the sausage and onion pizzas were excellent.  The others were good, but a bit heavy for my taste.  The pasta was good, and I have to admit that I didn't even try the salad.  But I did have plenty of the pizza.  Yum.
4	Finally found a good tasting New York-style pizza without having to be in New York. Great cheese. Great meat toppings. We usually make Friday nights our pizza night, and we get our pizzas there- they're good, but frankly the other reason is the pricing: Their large 1-topping pizzas are about $7 each, and we have a large family.  For comparison, La Strada's Pizza is just down the road, and their pizzas -also very good- are very expensive, almost *double* the price. Anyway, New York Pizza also has a small, but decent all-you-can-eat buffet that is great for taking the kids to after a soccer game. The staff is friendly and appreciative of their customers. They have another location down the road called New York Pizza Express, and even though it's under the same name, for some reason the pizzas we got there weren't as good, so we only go to their main location on the corner of Waxhaw-Indian Trail Rd and Old Monroe Rd.  So, tasty pizza (I forgot to mention great crusts), great pricing, friendly staff -- tough to beat. Definitely worth trying.
3	This place has a nice buffet that is worth checking out if you enjoy that sort of thing.  The buffet has a salad, a few pasta items, several pizzas and stromboli.  Although they call themselves NY they really aren't, the crust is too think to be NY style.  Even if it isn't traditional NY pizza it tastes just fine and I've enjoyed both their sandwiches and calzones.
4	The other night after picking my kid up from day care and too tired to cook, I decided that I wanted pizza and was curious to try NYP&P.  Since that evening, I've been back a second time because the pizza is pretty good.  They serve large slices, have fresh toppings, great sauce - not what you'd expect from a strip plaza in Indian Trail.  BUT don't forget that half of New Jersey and New York live now live in Union County and they're opening some pretty fabulous restaurants.  A big surprise are the deserts.  For $3, you can have a monster slice of cake or cheesecake and both are delish.  There's even a buffet for lunch or dinner.  I think what I like most about this place is that it's a great place to just enjoy a slice, enjoy talking with friends, without the distractions of a million tv's.
3	This place has been around for awhile and hasn't changed much.  The pizza is OK.    If your sick of th chain pizza places and you want something more homeade then this will do just fine.  If you want some really GOOD pizza, ask me and I'll steer you in the right direction.
2	So-so pizza and pasta if you're too lazy to cook at home. Not bad but nothing spectacular.The buffet is very small and almost impossible for them to properly keep the pizza coming because people will horde nearly an entire pie once it's brought out. (Go buy a whole one, you cows!)It might  just have the saddest salad bar I've ever seen.Your pal,Walter
2	the pizza is really good once in awhile, i order their pepperoni and it is really good when it is hot because you can see all the grease floating on top and the cheese is melted and sticks to the roof of my mouth. It hurts but that's why they make water! The buffet is about 6' feet long and I don't think it is worth the money. I only buy the pizza if I have a coupon.
3	We have been on a hunt for pizza but all you can get around here is New York styple pizza and no one knows how to make deep dish or stuffed pizza.  So we've been trying several places to find our go to place.  For New York style pizza, New York Pizza & Pasta is the best we've had in this area and we've tried many places...!  The wings are terrible.  It's a great place to grab a pizza if you don't feel like making food at home.  I'm still not totally satisfied so I'll let you know if I find anything better.
1	This is NOT New York pizza or pasta. It is about the same quality as Cici's, if not worse. The pizza was very bad and bland, but edible if you are starving. Pasta was not edible at all. I should mention that the pasta options were penne with either completely flavorless marinara, or with oil and tons of gigantic chunks of garlic. Restaurant was very cramped, even though it was empty. There was one other table, and we were seated in the smallest little booth I've ever seen. Very cheap and tacky looking. The "buffet" was two small pizzas, and two small containers of penne. Everything looked like it was from about 1970 or so. I think the buffet is only around $5, but it's not even worth that.
4	As a Native Yorker, I always struggle with finding descent pizza spots in NC.  NYPP was definitely good, as well as they're wings.  Nice atmosphere and they have a good buffet for those who prefer a variety of choices.... Remember folks, finding NY pizza in NC will be a challenge.... Operative word, NY, this is NC...
2	I remembered pizza being ordered for lunch at work once from a "New York" pizza place that was pretty good and since this place was close by I thought this was it. I tried the buffet and the pizza I had was NOT as good as I remembered but was decent. The salad bar was ok as well but the dressings were horrible! I tried the Italian first and then ranch and both were bad. The pasta didn't look appetizing so I didn't try it. Overall the pizza is probably just a level above CiCi's.
2	Pizza is average.  One step above Cici's as another reviewer commented.  They don't refill the pizzas often enough also....so if someone hordes the only topping combination you would eat...good luck.  Salad bar crappy, small setup means lack of salad topping possibilities.  No marinara on the buffet to dip crust, breadstick, or anything else into.  Sandwiches ordered off the menu (non buffet) are very decent.  Chicken parm and meatball are both a lot of food for the money.  Comes with a sad little bag of Ruffles as I recall =/   ...buffalo wings are very decent for the money.  Only 2 sauce choices for wings but you get a lot for the money.   My GF doesn't like going there, when I suggest it as I'm quickly reminded of a dead roach she found on the booth cushion.  Waiters/waitresses are super friendly, I've never had bad service there.
4	I wouldn't come here for pizza, because the pizza is not NY style and didn't look that great from what I saw available on the buffet. However, I will definitely return here for the calzones and stromboli. They offer one of the best calzones I've ever had, with a slightly crispy crust. Not heavy or greasy. Try the house special - pepperoni, sausage, mushroom, and onion - with mozzarella and ricotta. Only $6.49. Lunch service was speedy and attentive.
4	I have never tried the pizza here, but my family and I are huge fans of the meatballs. We order them quite often for large family occasions, or for spaghetti nights at the house. They are a great price, and taste absolutely delicious. The crew is very friendly, and attentive.
5	I love this place! Everyone is really friendly and their food is amazing.Everything at the buffet is delicious and fresh. I also looooooooove their calzones.
4	My wife and I are originally from CT, and consider ourselves to be picky when it comes to pizza.  A friend told us to try this place, we're really glad we did as the pizza is very good, the service is always friendly and the best part is that it is close to home so when we need a quick fill in this is a really great option.  I grew up eating New Haven style pizza (about 20 minutes from Wooster Street) and although I would not rate NYPP with those pizzerias, I would still say that this is a great option for those in Indian Trail.
