4	Very authentic!What I mean is, authentic enough that if you don't know some spanish you're going to have a very hard time ordering here. This is the only place my family goes for mexican meat or baked goods. Seriously, walking into this store is like taking a little trip to Mexico itself.A little scary at first, but totally worth it.
4	Very nice meat market, bakery and grocery.  Wide selection for all your Mexican cooking needs and also a hot deli counter with carnitas, birria, etc. hot and ready to go.  No english spoken but super friendly and helpful for non-Spanish speakers. Recommended.
4	I haven't been able to find good carne asada in the valley until my friend recommended this place.  Order the Arranchera Preparada (I always order five pounds minimum, which is cinco libres in Spanish).  You better know Spanish because this is as authentic as it gets!  The people always greet you with a smile and have great quality meats.
5	This is yet another reason why Yelp is rad. I was looking for a locally owned place to pick up some carne asada to throw on the grill. Yelp pointed me in the direction of Carneceria El Rancho, which is Spanish for "You can buy lots of cool shit here".The store is super fun, and has tons of cool specialty items that you can use to prepare a great Mexican meal. The butcher's corner is great and they have tons of fresh meat, at great prices. I was prepared to use my epic Spanish skills, but the man working there was sadly deprived of that little treat, as his English was perfect. Personally I am a fan of the "When in Rome" philosophy, so I think it's moronic for someone to go to a specialty Mexican food store and be uncomfortable with the native language to that region- but hey- that's just me.Moving on, I bought carne asada, and some pollo- and you can decide if you want the marinade poured into the bag of carne, I recommend it, and there is no extra charge. Keep in mind you don't want to have it marinading for longer than eight hours, unless you like bubble gum burritos.The place also has Mexican coke (think beverage, not Scarface) and tons of salsas, tortillas, treats, etc. Essentially- they have it all.The cashier was adorable and (rightly) proud of the store and all the cool stuff they have. I've been back three times since, and each time have received great service and merchandise.Go here, buy stuff- grill it- and prepare to be told you are a hero.
4	The Asada was amazing ! Such a great find for authentic Mexican marinated meats, baked goods and produce !
4	Thanks to Anthony's review, I was able to cook a halfway decent meal for my Mexican step-mommy.  I would not have attempted such a feat had it not been she was just returning from New York, and I assumed that had not been on their menu the last two weeks.  I could handle the enchiladas pretty well (and got excellent reviews BTW), but I didn't want to mess with the carne asada.I wished I had more time to peruse the shelves, but I was in a hurry.  The guys at the meat counter didn't seem to speak English, but for all I knew, they spoke perfect English and were enjoying my feeble attempts to order in Spanish.  I managed to get out "dos libras", but then he rattled a question off in Spanish.  Of that, I thought I heard "preparada" and responded "si," praying he was asking if I wanted the meat in the marinade and not if I needed hemorrhoid medication.The meat was a little fatty, but I'm one of those people that thinks every butcher should trim to my standards, which are quite ridiculous.  But their marinade is fantastic!  I also picked up some flour tortillas.  Okay, better than typical store brands.  I would recommend heating those on the grill, too.  Two pounds of meat and tortillas for under $20.  Yay!
5	What a great find! So many different meats to pick from and they even marinade them if you ask them too! The prices are great too! $2.99/pound for chicken and $4.99/pound for carne asada. Fresh tortillas are so amazing too! Yum!They are very helpful as well!
