3	Remember when you were a kid and your folks dragged you to Kmart to go shopping for whatever.   This is exactly that store.   Well, ok, it's not THE store I used to go to, but it looked just like the way I remembered it.   We were there last March, right before the NASCAR race and we needed supplies.   (Read that - a Styrofoam Ice Chest).   On our way over to Big Dog's Draft House we saw this Kmart.   Sure enough, they had the same beige tile floors and freaky weird check out lanes as the Kmart of my youth.   We found the cooler, got some snacks for the race and a few other things like contact lens solution and sun block.   Bonus points for getting us out of there for less than $20.  Will I be back?  Yeah probably, I will need a cooler again someday.
4	This is seriously the nicest Kmart that I have ever been in my life so I decided that it warrants a Yelp review.  The store looked new and was fully stocked.  I don't know about you but the local Kmart  in Seattle look like crap with half empty shelves, especially the one in North Seattle off 135th and Aurora.  What sets this place apart is that it included an area that had video poker and slot machines for all you gamblers that need a fix but can't afford to get to the strip or old town Vegas.  We came in here at noon on a Wednesday to buy some pain relievers after hiking the Grand Canyon the previous day and there was seriously like 5 people in here gambling away their life savings. Now that's cool!!!!
3	Kudos to Christina in the appliances department!So the story behind this KMart visit at the ends of the world (I rarely head to this side of town) was because I was doing a favor for a friend to pick up a deep freezer (I have an SUV, said friend has a tiny sedan).  We visit another KMart that incorrently stated they had the appliance in stock and when this other KMart failed, I contacted this KMart.  I was transferred to Christina in the appliances department, got confirmation that the deep freezer my friend was looking for was in stock and available, had it held, and then drove across the world to pick it up.  We show up, walk to the appliances dept, find Christina, pull the deep freezer all sorts of brand spanking new in the box (no floor model crap), do the transaction (with a surprise discount, awesome), and get it rolled out to the front and put into the back of my SUV.  The entire visit at this KMart took all of 15minutes, if that.  Awesome.  I'm not a big fan of KMart in general and I won't be coming back for my regular shopping, but this was a great shopping experience.
3	I know the sign on this store says K-Mart, but dang if I didn't feel like I got sucked into a time warp and was walking into an old SS Kresge store when I stepped into this location. The only sign that this K-Mart is not stuck in circa 1974 is the limited selection of low end Kenmore appliances, the token half aisle of Craftsman tools, and the missing in action staff...save for the lone cashier working. Walking into a K-Mart like this one reminds you of just how badly they got spanked by Target and especially Wal-Mart over the years. 3 Stars for this one...Nostalgia says I can't give them any less, but the store just isn't good enough to go higher. (Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #15)
2	Stopped in to get some items for the haunted garage. I was drawn in by the sign that read "Halloween blowout sale."  It wasn't really a blowout sale, as most of the Halloween items were NOT on sale. I grabbed a few things that were on sale, but the sale price didn't ring up at the register. It didn't help that the store was busy, the clerk working the Halloween section didn't know what items were on sale and the check out lines were long.
1	I have "attempted" and PAID for THREE online orders since May 2014; it is now May 27th and I have NEVER received ONE item!  The first order was to be shipped to my house-after 10 days I called and they had NO record - SORRY for me as I used a $100 Gift Card and threw it out after I received my Confirmation Email-and they state that even though I can provide the date I got the $100 gift card and CLEARLY they should have record of payment -they can't help me.  I cooled off and placed another online order for 12 items (ALL items stated that there were IN STOCK in the STORE) - and paid; 30 min later received a refund to my PayPal acct as 8 items were NOT IN STOCK and I'm still waiting to hear about the 3 items (it's been 6 days now).  Memorial Day Specials, received email that I was given $40 in Shop Your Reward points towards purchase-so I stupidly AGAIN placed an order - and yup - same thing - I double checked every color to ensure that I was ONLY ordering items that were in stock at 4500 Rancho Drive and not anything I had to wait to arrive and my ENTIRE order was cancelled and to finish my off, I NEVER got my $40 Shop Your Reward Bonus points.  I have called Customer Service & chatted with Kmart until I am BLUE in the face and their standard response "this is above any level of what I can help you with" so when I asked to be elevated to someone who has a brain and ability - then things get "worse" between us.  So... I was leaving to fly out of town May 28th and NEEDED these items for the trip and it is now 24 hrs before, I have not recd a text or email stating that the 3 surviving items out of 24 items total are ready yet - I GIVE UP and recommend that no one EVER use their online ordering system.  I am 100% disabled so do over 90% of my shopping online and NEVER in 15 yrs have I had such horrible service; unqualified Customer Service workers and basically they have the lousiest attitude about WANTING to make you happy!  I WAS trying to spread my money around so we didn't have a monopoly of Walmart - but I will NEVER shop at Kmart again.  As it was, I had to drive by 2 Walmarts and 1 Target to get to my closest Kmart and I was doing them a FAVOR by trying to be loyal and provide them with business - I've lost $100 and over 3 weeks time trying to order shorts/capris/polo shirts - well it is Spring/Summer time and these SHOULD be available - shouldn't they?  RUN from Kmart and NEVER place an order online- three times in 25 days I still have NO merchandise but lost $100 gift card!  DISASTROUS Corporation and Policies in place and they just seem to have given up the "fight" and spirit to WANT to PLEASE customers.  If you attempt to place an order online, have a backup order somewhere else because I don't believe ALL 3 of my orders being accepted (ALL IN STOCK at 4500 Rancho Drive) and then receiving refunds (partial), reward points GONE - and then "No, we don't have ANY of those items in stock" - is that the easy way out or do they not have the time to run around the store and get the items is what I'm wondering - because what store when it was 106 degrees yesterday does not have SHORTS and SUMMER CLOTHES in Size Small (very easy size to find) - There is just NO EXCUSE for Kmart to be in business anymore!
5	Love this Kmart location, It is one of the BETTER ones. It is fully stocked and also has nice associates. doesnt do that Selling thing.. which I love.. as that is a turn off. and always has SUPERB sells. awesome. parking always nice..and secured area and location to be in. Kmart/Sears. Love the layaway as most cant afford it UPFRONT, so that really helps. I would like to see more UNLV items for men and women.. only because I am a UNLV mom and much cheaper to buy items there then on campus. Yahoo..Love this place.. See you there.
