5	more of a shop than a gallery.  i didn't realize it was called a gallery until i left.  super cute and a bit kitschy.  i would've been happy with anything purchased in there, but was happy with a laser cut plastic ring and some funky and silly notepaper. i'll be stopping in again next time i hit edinburgh!
4	If you are in Edinburgh and haven't gone to Victoria Street, then you should. ASAP. And take your time at exploring all the little individual shops on here. The Red Door Gallery included- although a bit pricey it has individual pieces from local and indie artists and it is certainly fun to take a look around even if you don't feel like shopping! I got a few cute cards and some funky finger puppets. Birthday gift- sorted!
5	The whimsical Red Door Gallery fills me with joy.It doesn't appear like a gallery, though - more like a shop full of indie brooches, pretty wee frilly cushions and locally designed notebooks.All their stock seems locally sourced and I love it all, from the knitted cushions and the sketched fronts of the travel journals to the tiny "pop up tenement" kit. They also sell prints by the heroine of all illustrators, Gemma Correll (look her up, she's awesome), and jewellery that's handmade (with love)!It is a handmade heaven full of oddities, curiosities and quirky gifts conjured up by the brightest minds. Dinky and splendiferous!
4	Exceptionally quirky, almost to the extent of being a bit annoying, it's location on one of my favourite streets anywhere (even since half of it burned down) means I've perhaps got the rose-tinted specs on a bit about The Red Door. Even if I have, I'm quite happy to say I find it rather delightful, if a bit girly.Unlike your average giftshop-by-numbers I've never seen anything on sale in here anywhere else, and a last minute trinket hastily purchased from Red Door will always be individual enough to fool the recipient into thinking you give two shits.I'm quite willing to compromise any shred of masculinity I have left, to say this little shop is well worth a look.
4	Victoria Street is definitely somewhere I've started noticing more and more over the past few years. Perhaps it's always been cool, but I definitely think its established itself as less of a street for touristy items, and more of a destination featuring independent boutiques with fashionable, artsy offerings.Red Door Gallery is definitely artsy, as proclaimed in the name, and the wares I love most in here are the necklaces with a beaded pearl look, finished off with different biscuits as a quirky, absolutely awesome detail, (not edible though, sadly). I've got my eye on the jammie dodger neck decoration, although I do think the custard cream number would look pretty snazzy too. There are some lovely cards at the back of the shop, plus some cute notebooks, and other little random items to pick up and peer at. Some of what's on display here is a little bit pricier than you would expect, but not outrageously so, and besides, I'm always keen to pay a wee bit more for something unusual and original.
5	Thank goodness it's only August. If it was late November or December, I'm sure I would have tipped my bank account into the red splashing out on Christmas presents in the Red Door Gallery!A gorgeous boutique near the bottom of Victoria Street, Red Door sells all kinds of irresistible, DIY gifts from limited edition screenprints, tote bags and tea towels to sock monkeys, stuffed toys and Tatty Divine jewellery. Everything seems to have been made by hand by talented artists and there's a strong proportion of cute and kitsch things that should appeal to indie kids and arty farty types. To top it off, they sell adorable wrapping paper and stationary - including glow in the dark and scratch and sniff cards - making Red Door a one-stop shop for memorable presents.
5	Super cute shop filled to the brim with indie art.  I wanted to buy a bunch of the prints, but had no way to safely get them back to the States in my suitcase.  Thankfully, the girl working there told me they have a website and I could order the prints online.  I loved the jewelry they had too.  Really cute and quirky.Red Door Gallery is a great shop if you're looking for unique gifts.
4	Lots of cute screenprint - so hip it hurts gallery - definitely a great shop to browse and find sweet presents!
3	With a book like "Speak French like a Spanish Cow" and wooden earrings that pop out of their natural package... how could you go wrong?  Perhaps my favourite thing in the whole store was the "Build your own Scottish tenement"... there was a wood one that was rather large, but there was a tiny one made out of thin metal.I wasn't a fan of everything in the store, however, I think it is one of those places that you have to go in and poke around and you end up finding something unexpected.  I like those kinds of stores.  I did find things a little on the expensive side, some of those things I agreed with the price, some I didn't.  And make sure to have a look at the prints, even if you don't have the budget to purchase one, they are really nice to look at.
4	I popped into this lovely little shop on Victoria Street before Christmas while looking for a present for some friends.  I was not disappointed.  They have a wide range of lovely prints at all prices and all sort of lovely little things.The members of staff were very helpful.  They framed the print I had chosen in a few minutes and my friends were absolutely delighted with their present.Another great find in independent Edinburgh!
4	I've just wandered round my flat and counted six prints on my walls which came from The Red Door Gallery, which seems a good return to me. The gallery/shop is small, cosy, has regularly changing attractions and fits in a treat down of Victoria Street. There are various shops nearby which stock the same sorts of stuff, but I would head here first every time.I don't know whether they have a particular policy for sourcing their work - maybe these are local artists - but they definitely have a local feel. Just round the corner (on Candlemaker Row) is a framing firm that I've used for years, so this all suits me just fine. Back in the day this space was occupied by a shop that specialised in Polish poster art: sad to see it go, but Red Door more than makes up for the loss.
