3	A great little place to buy a gift...especially if it's for a mother-in-law or your own madre who likes little bottles of lotion or unusual odds and ends, jewelry or things of that nature. What first caught my eye was the card section. It's large and diverse - something for everyone for every occasion. From inspiration quotes on the front to silly photographs, I would definitely hit up this store if I needed to buy a unique card. While I wandered around, I didn't really see anything I (or any of my friends) would like, but I did have the one overwhelming thought, "This is for mothers." Lotions galore. Burts bees, too. Shiny jewelry. T-shirts. Even a little area for lovers with haven't quite gotten to Rated R (more like PG-17). All in all, a fun store. I had a good time looking around and found myself taking mental notes of reasons I could return. All of which included buying a gift for somebody else.As for the service, it was not-so-good. I was one of three patrons in the store - even in the middle of a Saturday afternoon. And just as I thought, "Wow, guady t-shirt!," the sales clerk poked her head around the cash register and asked, "You still doing okay over there, sweetie?" Uhm, minus one star for calling a grown woman "sweetie."
5	This is a great local boutique with a vast array of interesting items. I always find a great gift here. I particularly love the in house line of body care which you can add your own scent too. They have a huge amount of fragrance and essential oils. They also sell several different candle lines and many different body care lines. There is also a section with products for "lovers."The location is great. Bonus--it's locally owned and operated and has been around since 1969. It should be a Tempe institution. I love the variety of products they sell. You never know what you will find, but surely you will find something for most woman and even many men.
1	I went in looking for good quality massage lotion...ummm....I ran out of there! It reminded me of a yard sale! There wasn't a lot of anything to choose from. A lot of the bottles looked previously opened or used??? I know its "down town" but COME ON!! I don't want to feel like I'm being ripped off PRIOR to buying anything. Well, Dollar Tree has this place beat!
4	I want to know what CHAOS smells like. This is what I said to the lady at the counter. They had a board outside that said that they had a scent called Chaos and I was curious. The person was nice enough and got me a little test strip with the scent on it. CHAOS smells like taking a shower in stardust apparently. I'd passed this place a few times going up and down mill but never really stopped in. They have a wide selection of incense, soaps, perfumes, lotions, and small gifts. I don't often spend a lot of money on these things, but it's a neat little shop. I think that CHAOS might be my new scent. :)
1	We were about to buy some products an my 2 year old had to use the bathroom. One lady said ok and the other said no! So rude! Even though we live the place we wont be back due to the rude service!
3	It's a nice place, don't get me wrong. They have a good selection, with a wide supply of different candles, fragrances, oils, cards, etc. It's not a bad place to buy a little gift for someone.They do have (what I thought was) a kind of cool thing where you can choose fragrances to mix into a custom lotion/perfume/etc. I had a lotion mixed for my roommate, and even though there were three different scents in there, it barely smelled like anything. So that was pretty disappointing. Can't say anything about the custom perfume or other custom products.Overall, it was OK, but I wasn't "wow'd" or anything.
3	This store is good for girlie needs. Cute glasses, napkins, and gifts. Also you can make your own lotion scents. Pretty cool and unique. As a tourist I just wanted to AZ gear. Not much to choose from. Customer service was good. Helpful.
5	Friendly staff, management, and owner. This is the Original L&P that started this awesome little small business opportunity. This place is a wonderful place to go when you are looking for a gift for and woman. (wife, fiance, girlfriend, sister, mother, etc) Great natural skin care products mixed with fragrance / essential oils to your specifications, costume jewelry, clothing, sunglasses, wall plaques, and much more to choose from. Stop by this location, you wont regret it.
