5	Amy's is a true "gem" in Casa Grande, a city where a lot of people would just as soon step on your face as look at you.The shop itself has a great selection of what looks like quality jewelry, although I'm no expert. I wouldn't know a brilliant pear cut from a cubic macaronium. However, the service here is first-class. I have come in several times to make small purchases or get repairs. The staff is friendly, efficient, and clearly interested in the customer experience. I mark a business like this by how they treat the small fries -- if I get great service when I come in to make a $50 purchase, I will give them the big sale when it's time. They understand this concept -- kudos to them.
5	Excellent customer service. I went in there recently for aid with a watch band (and the watch had not been purchased at this location) and the gentleman waiting on me went beyond the call of duty to aid me. I wish more people still believed in this kind of customer service. They will have all of my future business.
5	The boutique, jewelry, and Amy are all wonderful. Nice shop, good selection, and  even found some amazing finds, and Amy's helped by offering a great bargains. Getting married in two weeks, and both my fiance and I have had good luck and experiences with Amy's help.
5	Amy's Jewelry Boutique were able to help my then fiance find the perfect engagement ring! It was a beautiful solitaire in their special setting and they sold it to him wholesale so it was already a great price and they reduced it even more in respect for our tight budget. He bought the wedding bands that day too. They were extremely helpful and responsive and very professional. I appreciated that they did not pressure us in any way and met our needs as best they could.
1	In June of 2014 I brought my Luminox watch to Amy's for service. The seal on the watch had failed and water had gotten into the cavity. After a month, I received the watch back. The repair fee was $90.00. Once I had worn the watch for a couple hours the hands in the watch would move freely and rotate around like they were not tightened. I brought it back, and about 3 weeks later I got it back. Same issue happened again, as described above, with the same outcome not once, not twice, but three times. When I returned to pick up my watch the forth time, the owner informed me that they replaced the watch hands with generic parts. These watch hands look nothing like the originals. This was a $600.00 watch! Upon further inspection the watch hands were actually dirty on the green part that glows in the dark, and the back of the watch was put back on, upside down. After speaking with the owner at length he offered to "take the watch hands out and give me the watch back". He also noted that I "did not pay a dime for the new watch hands". He also admitted he had no way of getting the original parts. Don't you think you should tell your customer that?! I left the store and promptly filed a claim with my credit card company. I contacted Luminox directly, $65 to fix the watch from the manufacturer with the right parts! Lesson learned. DO NOT use Amy's Jewelry for any type of watch repair.
5	Amy's is probably the best jewelry store I've ever dealt with. They just merged with another family jewelry store and they are all so focused on customer service. They have been very patient as I made my decisions on a cross necklace and worked with my to have it sanded and engraved. Joe was so helpful too! I don't have one bad thing to say about this business!
1	In June of 2014 I brought my Luminox watch to Amy's for service. The seal on the watch had failed and water had gotten into the cavity. After a month, I received the watch back. The repair fee was $90.00. Once I had worn the watch for a couple hours the hands in the watch would move freely and rotate around like they were not tightened. I brought it back, and about 3 weeks later I got it back. Same issue happened again, as described above, with the same outcome not once, not twice, but three times. When I returned to pick up my watch the forth time, the owner informed me that they replaced the watch hands with generic parts. These watch hands look nothing like the originals. This was a $600.00 watch! Upon further inspection the watch hands were actually dirty on the green part that glows in the dark, and the back of the watch was put back on, upside down. After speaking with the owner at length he offered to "take the watch hands out and give me the watch back". He also noted that I "did not pay a dime for the new watch hands". He also admitted he had no way of getting the original parts. Don't you think you should tell your customer that?! I left the store and promptly filed a claim with my credit card company. I contacted Luminox directly, $65 to fix the watch from the manufacturer with the right parts! Lesson learned. DO NOT use Amy's Jewelry for any type of watch repair.****Update - After going through the dispute process with Capital One and Mastercard, I received a full refund. After filing a complaint with the BBB Amy's responded to the BBB by saying they refunded the money. However, this was not the case. Capital One sent me a letter in writing saying that I won the dispute, not that Amy's refunded anything. Amy's also also blocked the Facebook review I posted online detailing the dispute. Another example of how shady this place really is.
