5	I'm a sports and hiking guy and my mom's into primitive cultures and shopping. Sometimes it's hard finding activities to share, but we both have a hoot here. It's set up the same each February, in an enormous pavillion, but is well organized and staffed.  We usually go on half price Sunday, after crowds thin a bit. There's still hordes of people and hundreds of thousands of books. You cant possibly see it all. We both find bargains right up our alley and the books are so cheap you can pull the trigger on intriguing titles you might not purchase at a book store.  Even with the parking fee, it's an unparalleled value, for a good cause and brings people together. Every year when I walk out of this place, with a bagful of books in one arm and my elderly mom on the other, it feels like a morning well spent.
5	Had a great treasure hunt at this event.  Book prices and quantities are amazing.  This event is well organized with a lot of helpful staff standing by.  I pulled a few event volunteers for help and all went well out of there way to help me find what I was looking for. Came out with two giant bags of hard to find books for $80 bucks.. I bet I would have paid excess of $800 bucks for the ones I picked out.  People from all over the country come to this so watch out, you will find a line of people.  I was told people lined up as early as a day before the event to get their place in line. Also bring a box, rolling cart or your own huge bag to stuff your books in, shopping carts inside the event went fast. Wonderful charity and I look forward to attending next years event.
5	If you love books and you don't want to drop a lot of cash, you've got to make it to this sale! Basically it's a warehouse with scores of tables overflowing with used books (in great condition) priced from $1 - $5 each (most are $1 or $2)  They have every type of book you could possibly want divided into sections: fiction & nonfiction in every genre you can think of.This is a huge event that only happens once a year, so the lines are crazy, but it's totally worth it! This was my fourth year, so here are a few tips:Get there super early (we usually get there around 6 am; doors open at 8). It's better to get there early than have to wait in line because they only let so many people in at a time - you don't want to have to bake in the sun and miss out on the best titles. Bring a camping chair and some coffee for the wait. Around 7:30, just send someone back to the car to put your chairs and snacks away.Parking is $8, so you should carpool to save a few bucks. That makes waiting in line much more fun anyway.Bring a backpack or cloth bags to tote your books around in.Also, bring cash! They do accept credit cards and AZ checks, but there is almost never a line at the cash only checkouts.If you're looking for even better deals, go on Sunday - everything is half off!See you there next year!
3	Our first time, this past weekend (Sat., 2/16/13).  Yes, a veeerrryyy long line.  We got there at 7:45, and got in with the third group, at about 9:00.  Yes,  lots of books.  And some good books.  My pet peeve, though?  The price stickers they use.  Ouch!!  Try getting them off the book without peeling some or all of the underneath dust jacket, cover, gilt, whatever right off with it!!  It is really painful watching the value of your book go down moment by moment as you peel off the nice bright orange price sticker.  And not content with just one of these non-user-friendly atrocities -- there's one inside, too!!  We did find some books worth buying, but for collectors -- either there wasn't much in our areas of interest, or the hardcore over-nighters got to them first!!Great for just general-interest purchases, though, and a fun experience.  Definitely bring something to carry your books in; it gets very crowded, and your purchases may accumulate quickly!!!
