2	I checked out a band last night at Olympia Theatre.  The band was great, but really can't say the same about the facility.  The place has a lot of character, and while I realize it would take a bit of cash, a ton of potential to be beautiful.The upstairs, where the bathrooms are is terrible.  The ceiling is patched up in different spots, not painted, the bathroom itself looks like one I would expect to find at an old sports arena, (on a very busy day).My seats for the show were on the floor.  They really need to space them out a wee bit more.  I understand the desire to fit as many in as possible, but I am only 6'1" and my knees were continuously either touching the seat in front of me, or the buttocks of the fellow on the seat in front of me.  Quite uncomfortable.  And if someone needed to get by in front of me to exit the row...let's just say that we got to know each other better!This is a building that deserves a makeover.
3	Let's start with: this is an incredibly beautiful building from the 1920s with original decorative detail in place, bright red and gold and dripping with ghosts. The floor is raked and customizable for standing or seated shows ie; ~3000 to 1200 capacity depending on the set up. Standing in front of the board, the sound and sightlines are both bright and hummingly good. Being in the balcony feels romantic, and the bar up there usually has less of a wait than below.  The drinks are a little meager and over priced. The roof is crumbling in places. Still one of the more beautiful historic places to see music in Montreal.
1	Beautiful old venue with decent sound but the staff were TERRIBLE...I arrived for a show after the openers had started, and in order to enter security  corralled me away form the front door and through a service hallway around the side in order to get in. Grabbed a spot near the back, had to maneuver my way around huge black curtains which people were tripping over the entire show. Settled in only to be interrupted my security and cocktail girls every 15 minutes walking through the crowd with FLASHLIGHTS and pushing people out of the way. I get that people have to do their jobs, but there wasn't exactly a mosh pit going on, and it was hard to focus on the show. Definitely not worth the $30 ticket!Like another reviewer, I too was herded off the floor and pushed by the merch table. When I returned from an atm 5 minutes later (theirs was not working) to purchase something,  they had already locked the main doors and would not let anyone back in, creating a huge crowd of people who were pushed into the roadway. Barf!
1	Decent decor but terrible staff and overpriced drinks (5 dollars for a glass of water). We spent 3 nights here for the Marillion concert and were treated more like cattle than customers. On the third day, the band had events scheduled early in the day and then a 3 hour break before the concert. After the early events the venue insisted that everyone had to evacuate into the cold for those 3 hours. Yet somehow the staff allowed people in early and also didn't require that everyone leave so half the crowd stood back outside for 3+ hours in a line thinking they might actually have a good view, only to find half the people were already still inside after being told everyone had to leave. The venue did not bother cleaning during the intermission either as there were spilt beer glasses and trash everywhere. Also on one evening, my husband went to order a 2nd drink and was rudely told by the bartender that, "The price doesn't include the tip" before he could even bother tipping the guy.
1	Attended Celebration 2014!  Well, almost missed the actual countdown...  Finally walked in, half frozen after waiting in line for 2 HOURS with 5 seconds to spare...  The promotional add describes how there will be no waiting for drinks at the bars due to the amount of staff and bars.  How is that helpful to the people waiting outside???  Some of that staff should have been redirected to the door and coat check...  ONE STAFF WAS AT THE COAT CHECK!!!!  The other issue are the VIP tickets ($130).  We bought VIP tickets to specifically avoid the lineup at the door.  After showing our tickets at the main door we were directed to the VIP entrance.  After waiting there for hours we were redirected to the main door after being told that the VIP entrance was only for table ticket holders and that this was a new rule for this year.  WHAT????  The tickets specifically say VIP ENTRANCE.  Even after getting inside, nothing made up for the nightmare.  I wish I could erase this experience from my memory.  We did have long coats on, but at -25 for two hours...  I was still in pain from the cold the next day.
