4	I'll take a point off since the location is pretty grim, and there is a train that goes past, but it served its purpose of a stop off on the way to the national parks, clean quiet room, wifi and a great breakfast with unlimited bacon!
4	The hotel was relatively cheap considering there is a rail road track across the hotel. However, for the price and relative closeness to the strip it makes this place a good bet. For breakfast, it was relatively decent with your selection of eggs, sausage, waffles, yogurt, cereal, and some fruit. As a plus, there is an in-n-out practically down the street so if you ever need that late night snack this is the place.
5	The place is pretty far from the strip and our gps does not recognize the hotel address. We got lost at first but found our way anyway. Got the $75 deal and I could not be more thankful considering our trip was a last minute one. The kids enjoyed the pool and we thought the surprisingly hearty breakfast was more than enough to start your day. Our only complain was the little bit of water that comes out of the sink - i think the rain would've been more helpful in filling up a cup! Oh and free wifi is the best part - my kids connected all their wireless devices right away and voila! connection established!  Check out was at 12pm so it gave us enough time to pack things up. Overall we enjoyed our stay here except for a couple of employees that my husband didnt like the answer he got from them when asked how come there's no more coffee. The breakfast was about to end at 930am and this was 15 mins before. They didnt bother to make another batch of coffee I guess. But they shouldnt spoil the whole basket of good apples in my opinion.
1	The manager was inflexible and would not issue a refund after I canceled my room. Rude and would never stay at this property in the future. Bad business
4	Stayed here with my father and some friends. The rooms are very clean and the beds comfy. Overall an inviting hotel with decent accommodations.They have cotton towels, too! I've stayed at too many hotels where the towels barely hold any water and it was a wonderful thing, indeed to see they don't cut corners in quality of their supplies.I've seen better with the breakfast selection, but it wasn't too bad. There was not enough fresh fruit for my liking and easy access in the dining area to cold water, of all things, was lacking. The one thing I didn't like was the lack of a refrigerator. I've stayed at much cheaper places that, in addition to the previously mentioned useless towels, cut many corner on quality and even they have a fridge standard with their most basic rooms.Management was wonderful. Even though this is a non-smoking hotel, someone below us smoked like crazy in the bathroom and the smoke started polluting our room through the vents. That is a big problem because I am very sensitive to cigarette smoke to the point of becoming physically ill.  We were immediately moved to another room at no cost and the management was very gracious and understanding the whole time. To top it off, they got us an upgraded room(and the fridge we were expecting to have available!)
4	We stopped in for a night with our pup on a cross country road trip.  We chose BW because it's dog friendly.  The front desk manager was really friendly and kept my bag of food in the fridge overnight.  I am dairy & gluten free.  The breakfast supervisor happily made me some eggs without cheese in the morning.  The motto on their card says "Stay with people who care."  It's refreshing to find out they do!  Could you provide tea at breakfast and maybe do half eggs with cheese and half without in the future?  And perhaps a small grass area for the dogs to pee.  It's not necessary and I realize it's the desert.  She did just fine on the rocks.
4	If you don't get a cheap hotel on the strip, this is a nice place to stay.The room was clean, we were 4 peope and the room had 2 nice double beds plus a small living area with sofas etc. Breakfast was decent, nothing v v great, but decent enough
4	If you have never been here before it can be a little tricky to find, so use your GPS if you have one. I have stayed here a few times for work. The staff is really friendly and helpful and the rooms, towels, and sheets are always clean. One of my top choices when I'm in town for business.
5	I must say that aside from the strange location and difficulty in finding, this was a sweet find. Nice big room, clean, everything worked, and after several days of Grand-Canyon-area motels, a welcome change back to real wi-fi, etc.
4	I stayed here for EDC weekend because of the hotel's proximity to the Speedway, and was not disappointed. Pros: - Close to the Speedway, driving there takes less than 30 minutes with traffic - Staff was super helpful and very friendly. Went out their way to help me at times. - Continental Breakfast served from 6:30am - 10:30am - Hot Water available at all times in the lobby (for all you instant noodle eaters) - Microwave available in the lobby so you can heat up your leftovers. - It's SUPER quiet here. Location is off-strip so a lot of people staying here are here for business or family, so no drunken screaming in the hallways. Cons: - The location is in the middle of nowhere, next to a bunch of industrial businesses and a trucking school. So oftentimes big rigs would be parked in the Best Western parking lot to get some r&r. This didn't bother me though. - You can't really walk to any restaurants from the hotel. You can drive a few blocks down to get some good eats though. Overall the hotel served it's purpose for me. I wanted a quiet, cheap place to stay close to the LV Speedway and I got it!
4	This place is dog friendly! With the new construction it's very hard to find.Surprised! (pleasantly) Even though this place was hard as heck to find we were pretty to have found it. It was clean and standard like most BWs and the room was spacious and smoke free. In the morning we had continental breakfast and that's always nice. The price was right and for a few minutes off the strip the deal was not bad at all. I would definitely stay here again. Here is a tip: they give really great military discounts at this BW in particular.
4	Pretty good spot with more pro than con.Manny at the front desk was awesome- Dog Friendly and free wifi and breakfast in the morning.Clean - new hotel with comfortable bedding and a pool/spaBut...this place is on an island. past the Equator and hidden behind the LOST plane.  You see it from the freeway but good luck getting thereThere is Nothing....NOTHING... near this hotel other than industrial buildings and railroad tracks.Still, I stopped on a long drive and it was great for a 10 hour rest stop.
4	I highly enjoyed my stay here at Best Western! A man named Manny who worked at the front desk was actually one of the main reasons why I enjoyed myself so much. He made me feel nothing but welcome from check in to check out. His courtesy was very much appreciated. I would very much so recommend the stay here. The cleanliness was far above standard. The site is not to far away from all the extracurricular but far enough to catch a breath and just relax. I wish it would of had a better gym area though.
5	This place is great, good price, room were big, staff were really friend and the place was clean n breakfast was awesome...
