3	another feed place, good service. But you may have seen the numerous complaints on the internet, they are also a gas station. Their gas station cashiers seems to have an attitude problem... But if feed is your business, just walk in straight to the back, and they will take care of you promptly for your feed & chick needs.
2	Expensive hay and feed, and something about the vibe of the place makes me want to go take a shower.The community bulletin board is good. It's also nice that they have shot clinics for your dogs.But IFA is a much more pleasant shopping experience.
4	I discovered this place by searching for retailer locations for Canidae Dog Food products off the Canidae website. Jones Feed & Tack was listed as the closest retailer to my house, so I decided to drop by. I searched the store name on google.com before I left my house and noticed people complaining about high product  prices and that the staff have bad attitudes. I experienced quite the opposite. When you walk in, you might notice that it's not the most aesthetically appealing store but they have a wide variety of the Canidae products I was looking for at lower prices than the pet boutique stores that I have been buying them at. I noticed they have a wide variety of dog food brands and products for many other animals as well. As I poked around I noticed that they even carried the Canidae cat brand, Felidae which I haven't seen anywhere else in town (so far). They have healthy treats and bully sticks too. When I went to check out the cashier told me that if I collect 12 UPC codes off my Canidae food bags, I will get my 13th bag for free. I can handle that! Overall, I am pleasantly surprised by this store and I think it's gotten a bad wrap online because pretentious people go in and it doesn't "wow" them with unnecessary bells and whistles. If you're a normal person, who likes saving money on your pet products, check this place out.
3	My parents and I have owned horses for 9 years. Sometimes it's necessary to shop at Jones Feed, though we will often go out of our way for more competitive prices. It's true that their customer service could be better at times, but I've personally seen some people give these tough old ladies some serious lip - this really isn't the best area so let's consider the facts and assume these ladies have to be tough to make it in this business. Especially with some of the more chauvinistic cowboys out there. They have a good selection of feed, but they are also the largest retailer on this side of the valley. The gentleman who load your hay and feed are pleasant and polite. We've met the owner on a few occasions and he always remembers my mom, which is nice. Great community board, great selection of specialty dog and cat foods, some bird stuff, and some generic horse stuff. They don't sell much food so it's sometimes stale. Sometimes their soda machine is out of order. Their gas pumps outside are old - and often times out of order. You have to walk in to pay. For what they do, if you own horses, you almost can't avoid walking in here on occasion. But since I've not had any really bad experiences, they're A-OK in my book.
3	Went to this store for first couple years living here but have changed to cleaner, better priced stores that have come up.  They are very particular about their bulletin board, and the tack is pretty scarce except for basics like lead lines or halters. They have refused to take coupons from me for Purina, or charged me extra to take a coupon (?!?). The guys in the back are nice for hauling big bags of feed for you. Sometimes they actually recognize you and say HI as if they know you, which is about the only reason I'll go there. Pet supplies are overpriced. Good stop on the way home for milk or beer, quick bag of feed, but can't say I am treated well enough to make them my # 1.
4	I like this store.  I have horses, chickens, ducks, dogs, cats etc.  I don't care what other reviews say, I have always been treated well there.  They are happy to answer questions and help in any way they can.  The guys in the back who load up my heavy sack of feed, do so cheerfully.  And by the way..  their gas is competitively priced.
5	the hay is fresh, and the Timothy pellets are great, and if you pay cash it is even cheaper. The people who load the hay are always so nice and don't make me feel bad because I stuff bales of hay into my outback instead of a truck.
3	This is a very odd setup store, but somehow it makes sense. It's sharing a lot with gas pumps and inside there are some basic snacks and things for the gas station, then they carry equestrian items like meds, feed, reins, etc, hay in the back of the building, some cat and dog food. I came here because I was doing some research on dog foods that my one yeast sensitive dog can have and one is Earthborn...it's not carried at many places, but oddly was carried here? So hald of the selection is stuff you can find at a big box store, like Iams but then they also had some decent brands like Canidae, Earthborn, Diamond Naturals, Taste of the Wild, etc. The prices weren't hiked up much so I think it would be okay to buy here some dog stuff. There were sales on some of the bags event. Still, I can't say it's anywhere preferred for all their needs, however I will be rotating some Earthborn and grabbing it here to keep their diet interesting. I didn't look too much at the horse thing and this is a feed and tack store mostly, but they seem to have decent variety of needs met.
5	This store is under new ownership. They are very friendly. Changed opening to all  7 days, Monday - Saturday, 6am - 8pm and Sunday, 8am - 6pm.Great prices and customer service is a lot better now.
5	Totally love this place..have been going here for YEARS...they have wood next door you can buy in the cord and a vet who comes in 2 times a month for low cost vet clinic!! SUPER saver!!!
5	I'm very happy that there are new owners. No need for details but I'll just say that the new owners are more friendly and customer-oriented. The longer hours are GREAT!
1	BEWARE!!!!! The owners are not very nice if you tell them something is wrong. They didn't like that we brought back bales of hay that had A LOT of rock and dirt in it. They told us that they wouldn't replace it. We brought back bales and they didn't replace it. We ended up leaving them there. We have been purchasing 80 to 90 bales a month from them and ever since they changed there dealer the hay has been bad. DONT GO THERE IF YOU DONT WANT YOUR HORSES TO GET SICK!!!!
