5	I had the misfortune of accidentally breaking my kitchen window. Too add to my chagrin I did this right before the weekend and most businesses that were open were quoting hefty "emergency" replacement fees.  I called about 5 different spots to get estimates explaining the window was only about 3 feet tall by 2 feet wide. I was shocked at the quotes I was given. Most places charged a lot more than I expected, because the windows crank out so there is additional costs for putty and placement. The first couple of guys I talked to gave me their quotes, then told me that was "standard pricing" when I said I was going to call around more. The last guy was actually pretty rude about it. I decided to stop looking  at the well known places and starting skimming the net for contractors. I finally found Garcia's and was amazed when I was quoted about $200 less than at the other companies. The gentleman that came out was polite, professional and very clean (he even cleaned up some of the broken glass I had missed). He was done in just under an hour and the window looks great.I would recommend this company to anyone for affordable service and quality work.Side Note:  It helps also to pay cash as contractors get charged fees to process debit cards.
5	I would highly recommend Garcia's Windows. Their prices are very reasonable and the service was outstanding.During the recent Oct '10 thunderstorms that affected much of the Valley with broken windows and damaged roofs I had a couple of broken windows that needed immediate repair.I must have called 15+ glass shops for estimates and how soon someone could come out. The owner of the shop called me a few hours later and was very apologetic that it took him awhile to get back to me. I explained my needs and he gave me a very fair quote compared to the variety of estimates I had already received. He was very accommodating to my schedule and came out to do the repairs very early the next morning.The work performed was exceptional and I would definitely use Garcia's again if the need arises.
5	utstanding company...........fast courteous service...delightful owner...fair prices...S. Reckles...Scottsdale az
5	I needed to replace a broken double-paned sliding glass door window.  I quickly learned that I needed to replace both windows as a unit, not just the pane that was broken.  After extensive phone shopping, I selected Garcia's Windows and a large local company to give me a bid. The large company came first and gave me what I thought was an expensive bid.  Mark Garcia came quickly, was very knowledgeable about the manufacturer of the slider, the type of glass and what was necessary to repair the window.  In fact, he took the time to tape up the window for me so that it would not collapse before the new unit could be installed - and this was before he had the job.  When he came in $230 cheaper on the price, the job was his.  It's now installed and looks great.  Thanks Mark.
5	In the Phoenix hailstorm of 2010, the large window in the master bedroom of my house was shattered. Thanks to Yelp, I found Garcia's Windows & More. I was impressed by their 5 star rating, which beat out every other competitor I found. I called Mark Garcia and he was able to give me an estimate within a couple days.The service and the quality of work I received from Mark and his staff was worthy of the 5 star rating. Mark did an excellent job replacing my broken window and several screens which were also damaged in the storm.Not only would I highly recommend Garcia's Windows & More to others, I've recently called upon them again to replace a broken kitchen window and screen. I wouldn't dream of calling anyone else to do glass work in my house.
5	Yet another good review for Garcia's Windows & More. I usually trust Yelp till I am proven wrong and I figured the five star reviews couldn't be that out of line. You would never think leaky windows in Arizona would be an issue, but then you have never seen the monsoons. The cost of repairs to my leaky window  were very reasonable and they fixed the window quickly all in one visit.  Mark is a nice guy and seems to really know what he's talking about.  If you have window issues give him a call.Update:  Lots of rain last night and the window is leak free.  So they are good guys.
5	NO NEED TO LOOK ANYWHERE ELSE!!!.  Garcia's provided me with old fashion service that seems very hard to find these days.  I had returned from a vacation to find my bedroom window shattered.  The glass had not fallen out but was all cracked. After reading all the reviews on Yelp I contacted Mark Garcia in the evening. He promptly returned my call within an hour  and scheduled me before his first appointment the following morning..for 5:30 a.m.. He measured for the new glass, removed all the broken glass (dual pane window) and taped the window that was still ok and ordered the new glass.  3 days late when the new glass came in he returned and completed the job.  Garcia's definitely deserves a 5 star rating.  You will not be unhappy with Garcia's customer service or results of their labor.
5	Based on the excellent yelp reviews, I gave Mark Garcia a call when one of the original windows to our home (1950's) shattered. Mark wasn't able to make it out that day which was a bummer, however, because of the reviews on here, I knew he would be worth the wait. He came out first thing the next AM and took care of our window. In fact, his prices were so fair that we had him replace another window with a crack in it. Both windows were tedious...Mark literally had to chisel the glass out of our old fashioned windows and he did it all while humming along to his music...happy as can be!
5	If you have a broken window, don't think about calling around because this guy has the best price, is very courteous, and will make you feel like you're the only client he has. Great service, exceptional pricing, and you just want this guy to be successful. He won't try to sell you something you don't need, he'll just get the job done quickly and true to the quote he provides. If I break another one, or start replacing windows, he'll be the only person I call.
5	I had one window broken from the 2010 hail storm that I never took care. I also had a bathroom window that I broke trying to swat a fly with my hand. I called Mark and left a message on his phone he called me back very soon after and was very nice and helpful. He asked me to text him pictures of the windows which I did later that day and minutes later he texted me back  with a reasonable quote and a time frame of when he would come. On the day that he replaced the windows he was there around the time he said he would, he was very fast. He was also very nice to my daughter and wife, who were the ones there at the time. I would highly recommend Garcia's Windows and more!
5	Great company.  We just had to get our patio door replaced and Mark and his team were great.  They were very professional, easy to work with and very professional.  We would definitely use them again!  Thanks!
5	The level of service from Mark was unbeatable. We were on a short vacation at our Scottsdale home and on a really tight schedule. We had a broken glass sliding door - Mark was the only guy who was willing to come out and provide a quote on short notice. All of the other glass companies wanted to schedule something for the followng week - when we would already be gone! I even explained our situation to these other companies, but they weren't interested in the business. Mark came out, was very prompt and is a really friendly guy. We handled the quote and payment long distance and arranged an appointment for install on our next visit. Mark was prompt and did a really clean installation. I will be sure to call Mark for any future glass work, and will highly recommend him to friends.MARK IS FIRST CLASS.
5	Quick response and super helpful.  The piece of glass was unusual.  I thought it was tempered and tinted... he was able to properly identify the right type of glass (ended up being plain glass with tint film) and match it with a piece of tinted glass.  The competitors wanted to special order tinted tempered glass which would have been unnecessary and expensive.   They got the job done the same afternoon and also cleaned up the mess from the vandals.  Super nice.  I would use them again in a second.
5	I needed a bedroom window repaired quickly because I had just put my home up for sell and had an offer and inspection happening within days. Mark came out the same day I called him and fixed my window in about 30 minutes. Not only is Mark friendly and professional, his work was excellent and completed at a very reasonable cost. I would highly recommend Mark and will call him again the next time I need a repair or remodel.
1	I submitted a request via email to Garcia's Windows & More on a Sunday evening.  In the email, I detailed out my request for replacing the windows in both the front and rear of my condo with the specifications that I was also looking for windows that reduce the sound since our condo is directly off Frank Lloyd Wright.  I received a call back from Mr. Garcia on Wendesday and he said that the email was very detailed and we spoke in great length about both the email as well as additional information.  He said he would be out to see my condo within a week and would contact me back.  Nearly two weeks went by before I made a follow up email regarding the status.  I received a response the following day and in it Mr. Garcia quoted a price but no details in regards to the product and number of windows.  I sent a follow up email asking if this was for both the front and rear windows as I outlined in the request below and Mr. Garcia stated he did not know there were windows in the rear.  I asked then for a follow up call and additional details in regards to the price quote and have yet to receive any follow up emails nor phone calls.  At this point, I would not recommend Garcia's Windows & More based on customer service since this is typically is a reflection of the style of business and work provided.
5	Called Mark shortly after I had my house broken into. He was able to provide me a quick verbal quote to get approved by the insurance company. He was kind, patient and very direct as to the cost, and what was necessary to complete the job. It took a while to get approval from the insurance company and during that time he never called me to badger me on a sale or pressure me. When I was able to call back, we scheduled a time to replace the windows. Showed up before hand to inspect the damage and verify what we had discussed. He even had an opportunity to get the project done early and asked if it was possible. Even though time didn't permit, it was nice to be treated like a human in this whole break in process.The job itself was done efficiently and beautifully. The exterior of the house was cleaned from broken glass. The interior was left in perfect order. The price was respectful (even not knowing about the insurance company costs).  I am VERY happy with his work and I would recommend his services anytime.
1	Made the appointment with no issues, got windows measured for sun screens and got a resonable quote.  I told the service guy that I would call him back to make an appt for installation.  He left me the owners card with owner info on it.  I called 2 times and left voice mails and even emailed and STILL have not gotten a response.  So.. I am off to find another screen person.  Boo!
5	I had the unfortunate experience of having someone try to break into my business by throwing a large rock through a side window pane. Luckily we have an alarm, so nothing was taken.I called Garcia's glass and Mark came out that day gave me a quote and a next day repair time. I had a few quotes all very comparable. Based on his reviews I went with Mark. The work was lovely fast and fare and we were good as new. I even brought a window from home that had a crack in it which he repaired and gave me a good deal. This is what customer service should be like.
5	Great experience, the first company I'll call for all future window, glass, and door projects. Here's why:  I called to request an estimate for new bedroom windows and Mark remembered us from a year earlier when he'd come out to do an estimate for custom closet doors that we ended up not having made. He then arrived for the new estimate on time and was as friendly and knowledgeable as before, was careful to get the details of our order right (which included catching an important measuring factor that other companies never mentioned), quoted us a fair price, and ordered the exact product we wanted. He promptly let us know when the order had come in and scheduled the installation for just a few days later. He and a really nice, professional employee arrived on time to do the work and did a meticulous, thorough job. Mark is all about customer service and quality products and work. If by chance we had been anything but fully satisfied, I know Mark would have done whatever was necessary to make it right. We look forward to doing another project with him.
5	Mark was wonderful to work with. I contacted him due to all the great reviews on YELP and they all held true. He is a man of his word. We had a date of installation the Saturday after the Fourth of July however the place that he gets his screens was closed and he immediately contacted me apologizing for the delay and gave me a new date. He came today with his son and installed all our new screens and they look terrific! His pricing is very fair and he was a joy to work with. I also heard about a rebate from SRP and he was more than willing to fill out the part that he needed to and even sent me the link from SRP. Thank you Mark for your professional and great work. I can't wait to refer you to my friends.
5	I highly recommend!!!  Fast, efficient, friendly...You won't be sorry for calling Garcia's for your window services.
5	Marc Garcia is the ultimate in customer service. I had a house for sale that needed window replacements. I called Marc and he called me back within the hour. He went to the property the very next morning. The estimate was very reasonable and the windows were ordered and installed within a couple of days. All supplies were cleaned up and the installed windows were cleaned on the inside and out. Call Marc - you will be very happy.
5	I could not be happier with the results of Mark's work.  I have very high standards and expectations for quality, workmanship, and customer care, and Mark delivered on all counts.Mark is honest and straightforward and does what he says he will do...and with a level of excellence that is second to none.  Based on the work that was done, I have asked Mark to bid additional work for me.I am thrilled with my results.  Garcia's Windows & More will always be my first call for future projects!
5	I've never needed a window replacement in my life. When my window broke I was confused on who to even call, so I turned to Yelp. With as many reviews as Garcia's Windows & More has I was impressed, to say the least, on the 5 stars. I read the reviews and was very confident in my choice. Mark was able to come by the house to do an estimate within a matter of hours. He was very customer focused. He was easy to reach and provided updates on the special glass ordering. Within days I have a new window. I am very happy with my choice and will use Garcia's Windows & More again in the future. I recommend them to everyone! Great customer service and great price!
5	I needed a window replaced, and I saw Garcia's Windows on Yelp and all of the great reviews. After calling, Mark was out to the house within 3 hours to measure and quote. The quote beat all the competition I called. He quoted the same timeframe as the other guys, but then was ready in half the time and was able to do the repair only two days after the quote. Very high level of customer service and professionalism. I would recommend him to anyone who needs window replacement!
5	I have to say that I was very impressed with Garcia's Windows & More!  After my lawnmower sent a rock through one side of our four foot sliding-glass patio doorpanic set in.  I called several companies for quick replacement to no avail.  I read the reviews for Garcia's and noticed many reviewers stated he provided quick and friendly service, I had to give them a call.Mark answered his phone at 7:45AM said the magic words that he had the glass in stock and could be at our house by 3:00PM on a busy Saturday no less, I didn't hesitate to complete the sale.As promised Mark and his helper arrived right on schedule and went to work right away.  They meticulously removed the broken pieces of glass, carefully vacuumed the pieces up, and had the door re-installed in no time!The service was friendly, quick, and the price was very fair.  Thank you doesn't say enough.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
5	We needed one of our upstairs bedroom windows fixed, one of the dual pane windows was cracked from a rock. Mark was able to give us an estimate based on my measurements via text. Then came out to get precise measurements. He worked with OUR schedule and was able to do most of the correspondence via texting (super convenient for me). I thought the windows were clear, but turns out they had a green tint to them, who knew? He did! Knowledgable and he was really friendly and nice. The wholesaler end up sending him a defective window, he spotted it and got them to do it right. He kept us up to speed on the whole process, so we knew what was going on and weren't left in the dark. Overall good experience, good service and convenient. Would recommend him anytime and won't hesitate to call him again if we have anymore flying rocks :{
5	You don't get your windows replaced every day but when you do I recommend calling Mark Garcia. I have never met a more honest and fair craftsman that does such quality work. He kept us informed during entire process and left our house better than he found it. Great work Mark! Windows are nice too.
1	Contacted them because of the stellar reviews. He wanted me to text him, which was great at first. Said he'd contact me to set up an appointment and it's been over a week and I haven't heard back. Guess I'll take my business elsewhere. Really disappointed because so many good things were said here on yelp.
5	Great work!  I contacted Garcia's Windows & More after some dirtbag threw a brick through my Arcadia glass door and stole all my electronics.  Mark showed up the same day and gave me an estimate, which was extremely fair.  It was a custom glass size  (of course), so it took about a week to get the glass in, but Mark showed up and got it installed in no time.  He was very conscientious about cleaning up all the shattered glass and making sure that I was happy with his work before he left the property.  I would definitely recommend Garcia's Windows & More.
5	Mark helped me out of a jam. When nobody would even think of coming out Sunday, even after my window was broken during a burglary Saturday night, Mark was there.I have old school, mid-century "crank" windows that aren't exactly standard, but Mark was super nice and a total pro. He even have me words of encouragement on my rough day. I should have paid him extra for doubling as a therapist. Overall, great work at an extremely reasonable price, especially considering the "general pain in the a** prices anyone else would have charged for a weekend evening on no notice. Mark is a thoroughly good dude, and I'd recommend him to anyone.
2	I have to say that I am a little disappointed.  I called Mark for another broken window after the superior service I received the first time I used him.  He let me know it was going to be a minimum of 3 days before her could get the glass installed.  He also quoted me $280 to replace the same sized glass he did before where I was charged $150 and he came the very next day.  I called another company my neighbor used two months ago and they are coming out tomorrow for $145.
5	Mark and his company came out and installed all new windows in my house. Wow what a great job he did! I did 3 quotes as I always do when hiring a service and Garcia's Windows beat them all. I plan on having him come back out to do sliding glass doors in the future. Thanks Mark!
1	Unreliable ! Schedule a meeting for a quote to replace all windows ... never showed up or call.
1	I thought this would be a safe bet based on reviews I read here on yelp, but I was wrong. I sent in a request for a quote, which came very quickly though it was by text message. I didn't really mind getting a text, but it did seem unprofessional to me. I scheduled an appointment two days from that time, and didn't get any kind of confirmation. I sent a text about an hour before the appointment asking if they would still be coming and got no response. No show, no call, and no respect. Choose someone more professional.
1	Horrible follow through. I called to ask for a quote. Mark told me he could make it to my house in 3 days in the afternoon. He never showed up and never called to explain why. I finally called and left a message and texted him which prompted a call back from Mark. He apologized and set up a new day to come by. AGAIN he never showed up or called to explain why. At this point I just decided to go somewhere else. Extremely disappointed.
