5	This is a great location and easy to get to.  Right on Southern Ave. on the South side of the road. If you have a P.O.Box it is always open. Nice old PO Boxes, maybe 100 years old, very cool. You can come in anytime and check your mail or mail something directly from inside the Post Office. They have normal Post Office hours if you need to Post something.Of course closed on Sunday. The staff is very friendly here, which you cannot say about all Post office staff. They are very quick and can answer all questions about postal needs. This location has a lot of parking which is very helpful as well.
4	Full service post office.  Its a post office.... just what you would expect.
5	Really like the staff here, they really go out of their way to help you with everything. They have long lines and they are very busy. But, they seem to go through everyone really quickly and still have a smile and good information. The lobby is always open as well which also makes it good because you can get most of what you need. Including this time of year some boxes.
4	One of the best post offices I've used, even compared to various ones in other states.  The staff here are always fast, efficient, and friendly.  I haven't had any problems here trying to mail things out, whether it's a package going to an international location, getting money orders, or just buying a pack of stamps.  They also have a lobby with an automated service you can use.  If you are really in a hurry and are just mailing something out, there are 2 drive-through boxes for dropping off letters.
4	This is my 2nd time here in the last few weeks, both times the employees were fast and friendly and super helpful! I wanted to send a  "just because" surprise to my Dad in Wisconsin, so I grabbed a one size fits most box with one flat rate no matter how heavy or how much you crammed in the box. They assisted in the box formation, and even told me where to stick it...the label that is. She even directed me on how to track the package either via phone or internet. The package was delivered in the time span they gave and it put a smile on my Dad's face. It's great sending things in the mail, the "Old Fashioned Way" and it's an inexpensive way to brighten someone's day!
2	I called the post office yesterday because apparently my package was dropped off at my apt. The guy on the phone was pretty sarcastic and told me my package was at the post office and that it would be ready for pick up in the morning. I come to the post office the next morning and a woman helped me. She was very nice to the guy in front of me but was very rude to me. I told her about my situation. She went to look for my package and came back telling me that the postal man had said he left it at my apt complex yesterday. Of course I was skeptical about the package so I asked a couple of questions and she replied with yes or no answers. I don't know if she was cranky but they had just open so I don't know what her problem was. I go back to my apt. Office and they don't have it. Apparently the postal office have new employees who screw up all the time. Very annoying.
5	Tami helped me and was absolutely wonderful! She helped me package my box for me and assured me everything would deliver fine! Wait time was fast and again Tami was very friendly! Best post office I have been to with the great customer service!
