4	This is a great "all-you-can-eat" place! Although the service is sometimes lacking, the food is well worth it.  A full menu of sushi, Szechuan, and Thai food are included in the price!  Don't even consider Kanda!!
1	I have had not one but many bad experiences at this restaurant. I find that their all you can eat is crap. You can order but don't expect your food. I have gone and ordered and after not getting food I inquired and they told me to reorder. It is sad thatnyou pay a fortune and not get anything. I would hope that they would change their policy. But even after complaining on line I was told to visit their other locations. No compensation or anything. Pretty sad. I would give the satisfaction. And I am not sure how fresh everything is
4	Tried this tonight for the first time... this place is better than Kanda hands down. The all-you-can eat menu has lots of options, more to choose from on weekends. There are also lots of cooked options for those who won't eat sushi. Food is tasty, fresh and well presented. They have sashimi, all sorts of maki and decent tempura. Decor is nice, can accommodate large groups and service is good. We went on a Saturday night, it was pretty busy so I recommend making a reservation. No need to stress over parking there is free parking in front of restaurant.Lunch menu has fewer options but is pretty cheap at $15. Week nights at $23, weekends at $26.  They even have prices for kids... not sure exactly how much but it's about half price. All in all we'll be going back, we had a good night.
4	Very nice place. The service is efficient, fast, and the waiters are very polite. The food is great, although some sushis are not to my personal preference, most of them taste quite nice. The cuisine menu of this place is what attracts me the most, the stir-fried Chinese dishes and the lamb skewers are must-tries.Two thumbs up!
4	Good all you can eat sushi bars are hard to come by these days. Though a slew of them seem to pop up every once in a while and sushi itself has become a fast growing trend, so what makes sushi palace so distinguished and so great? Well for one they have a great selection of sushi and on weekends have super great specials you don't want to miss, to add onto to all of this there's also a food menu with beef yakitori, garlic shrimp and lots more! And service was also stupendous and never found myself waiting to long between servings,Almost half the time the table was full! Sashimi was also incredible,making orders of almost what would add up to 100s of dollars and still feel like butter when eating it. Though sushi palace doesn't add anything new to the equation it doesn't have to all you can eat is more then you can bargain for and trust me once you've had a bite you'll be craving more and find it hard to switch places.a definite recommendation to try at least once!On a side note Sammy was my waiter on many occasions and this waiter is someone who assures you're getting the best service and can't thank him enough for making the experience a fantastic one!
5	I love this place!!!! Sushi was the best I've ever had!!!! Yummmmmmm!!!  Wish I lived in Canada... I would come here all the time!!!!!!
3	I'll shorten this up.The one in this location, Ville Saint-Laurent, is ... alright. 3/5The one in Chinatown is slightly better, 3.5/5The one in Nun's Island (Ile-Des-Soeurs) is the best. I would give that place 4/5.Anyhow, the one in Ville Saint-Laurent is alright. Food is just meh compared to the other two locations.If you can, try to go to the one in Nun's Island. There is also a parking lot so you won't have to pay for parking.
2	In restaurant service is slow. Delivery is horrible, driver couldn't find our place, attention to allergy comments on delivery order were ignored. I only noticed the shrimp when I actually had it in my mouth, what a fun night of meds and hoping to not go to the hospital. Would not recommend it to anyone who has any allergy concerns, they don't seem to care who they cause reactions to.
4	This was my first all-you-can-eat sushi experience and I was totally, totally floored.  The sushi and other dishes I tried were yummy, fresh and visually appealing.  I tried a variety of dishes ranging from the raw sushi, to rolls, to grilled dishes and to rice.  I was really surprised that the curry rice tasted like a dollarstore rice that I purchased before.  All the dishes were really good, the service was a bit slow but friendly, the price was a bit high for my budget but it was a nice experience.  I recommend this place highly and will absolutely go again.
4	Great place if you want lots of good quality sushi. For amazing prices. $22-25 per person for all you can eat. Usually, before coming to Montreal, I'd avoid a sushi all you can eat at all costs. But then seeing what this city offers in terms of sushi (a couple of amazing but very expensive places, or terribly bad places), this place turned out to be simply amazing. We now go here now, me and my gf, everytime we feel like going to town on sushi. And its really good sushi too. Obviously not the best, but for the price, really good. If you want something more fine, then go to Park. If you want two bottles of wine, as much as you want, and to leave happy without thinking you spent too much, this is your place.(Important to note, the All-You-Can-Eat is also to order, it's not off of a buffet. You make as many orders as you want. But if you over order, you gotta pay $1 per piece, apparently, though I never have, and we've left up to five pieces.)
1	Did not eat here. I arrived for a late lunch to learn that they were closed. The staff at the door was flippant and incredibly rude. I invested the time to tell the owner, he didn't seem to care. If that's how they treat their potential customers, I cannot trust them to put any care into the food they prepare.
4	This is an all you can eat sushi and Chinese food establishment but it is not a buffet. You order from the menu as much and as many times as you like. It's an incredible value at $14.99 per person for lunch. I started with the hot and sour soup which is as good as anywhere in the city. Then I tried as many of the sushi choices as I could. They were all very fresh and very well made each time with a pleasant presentation. I also tried the tempura. The vegetable tempura was excellent but the fried calamari was tough and rubbery. Service was very attentive.
1	As an Asian, I don't like this restaurant since the foods are not pre prepare. Just not good.
4	All-You-Can-Eat! Is there an end to my gluttony.  We we're patrons twice and the latter visit was as good. The name of the restaurant, an eponym derived from royalty to which seems highflown and colonial. Anyway, the food is great. The caviar fried rice is most worthy. The sushis, makis and sashimis are true to such establishment, less refined in the presentation. But still very much enjoyable. The hot kitchen menu substitues adequately for those who do not eat raw fish.I am always reluctant to order more than twice. People tend to be judgemental.
3	All you can eat. Salmon is good
1	Boy oh boy ! Where should I start from ? Nose hair on the plate, flies on the soya sauce or the rude waiter ? Sushi- all we get in Montreal are 9/10 sushi places run by Chinese, FYI sushi is Japanese. There are still good Chinese run sushi places. This one is just a disgrace to sushi. Soggy rice, frozen tempura and waiter with rude demeanour. This place is a No Go. Let alone be the quality , it's nothing personal bit personal hygiene.
2	How to lose your appetite instantaneously: order their "grilled" salmon heads. Those were heads dumped into frying oil then the waiter will come to slap them on your table with an attitude suitable for treating his cheating ex-girlfriend.
2	I revisited Sushi Palace for lunch today. I saw reviews of late stating complaints that I had not experienced and besides craving sushi, I wanted to find out if these complaints were true.Sorry to say that unlike my previous visits, both the food and the service were less then perfect.The salmon sashimi, which I remembered to have melted in my mouth was borderline chewy. The cooked shrimp may have been previously frozen but I had to look closely to see if they were even real! Terrible taste and texture.The hand rolls were wrapped in seaweed that was chewy.Several items that I ordered were never delivered and no explanation was given.The service was polite but unlike previous visits was not attentive. There was a 20 minute period when my table was ignored in spite of the fact that the wait staff were constantly passing by. The restaurant was not overly busy and they seemed to have sufficient staff to handle the amount of seated clientele.To add insult to injury they raised the lunch all you can eat price from $14.99 to $16.99. Farewell Sushi Palace, it was great while it was great but it's time for me to move on.
