5	Top notch breakfast, this is not your greasy spoon type breakfast. Quality dishes accompany fantastic presentation combined with courteous bilingual staff. Family friendly (I know this because a kid was screaming opera while I was there). Lots of delicious choices on the menu, and servings are plentiful.
4	Really nice bright and friendly breakfast/lunch emporium, that is rapidly expanding across Montreal and beyond.  Mom and Pop have become CEO and President of a successful resto chain. Congrats!Relaxed atmosphere belies the bee hive activity in the kitchen as it turns out the multitude of pancakes, waffles, French toast and crepes, with a load of fresh fruit, English cream, and bottomless cup of coffee.  I ordered the Rainbow Pancakes, consisting of 5 six inch diameter pancakes piled high with cut fruit, and a small cup of semi-sweet cream.  The table syrup was not maple, which was an extra charge.  While including the national pride maple syrup gratis would be a great touch, I can forgive them given the cost is more dear than diamonds.  The coffee was fine, if non-descript. I could not finish my breakfast, which is rare for me.  I enjoyed the free wifi and the friendly banter with the easily bilingual waitress.  No wonder Ben and Florentine are growing.  They provide solid food and fair prices, with a friendly face.
4	Efficient staff with even measured decorum. I had two eggs with creton and baked beans. Odd, their creton is served in a market-wrapped portion. Probably accessible in grocery stores soon. All elements of the meal we're fine. My wife had the egg benedict. The hollandaise sauce was rather sweet but still pleasant. Really folks, a good breakfast place but without the charm of a 'mom & pop' intangibles.
5	Very nice! The hash browns and egg benedict are sooo great. I get soooooooo full. And the menu has so many choices that I am looking forward to try.
5	Pretty AND delicious! I love a beautifully plates dish and I'm sure you're like "but it's eggs"... Yeah you can pretty up eggs and if you don't know how just ask the chef at Ben & Florentine! The service was great. Greeted by a friendly hostess who saw we were with a small child and immediately brought over crayons and colouring sheets, to the waiter who came quickly to take our drink order. We were waiting a bit for the rest of our party to arrive and the staff was great about making sure the ones that were there were well taken care of.Menu is laid out a bit strange, the "normal" breakfast choices are lost in the hustle BUT their focus is on THEIR specialities. Everything was great and if you don't believe me, just check out my pics!I will be back! Those waffles were PERFECT!!
5	Passed through Montreal and found this great breakfast place on yelp. Highly recommend their Egg Benedics, I had the Florentine and it was delicious. Coffee was also pretty good. Plus friendly staff so it makes for a nice start to your day.
4	Had an awesome brunch with the family here today.. We ordered many different dishes and everything was delicious! Simple, clean interiors, friendly service, amazing food - they got it all! Highly recommended!
1	Great food nice people they don't take American Express and I'll never eat here again. If the owner is too cheap to take American Express forcing me to pay another was to my inconvenience than I won't patronize them at all
2	While the food was decent and my service was good (aside from waiting longer than expected for the check) I was really turned off by the conversation that came from the line cooks and the shift manager. We were seated near the kitchen and could hear them exchanging profanities (loudly) not just an f bomb here and there but every other word was "F" "C" "B" and even talk of doing cocaine and sexual acts. The shift manager (a man in a black shirt) chose to use the area behind our table to argue with employees. We had our young daughter with us and could have sworn this was considered a family establishment. Not enjoyable...Will not be back...
3	Excellent variety and choices,  although it is a bit pricey for the quality. The ambience reminds me of a classier version of an University cafeteria. Overall it was a pleasant experience,  my wife LOVE the Benes.
4	Great breakfast place in Ville saint Laurent. Coffee is light and not too bad. I find there omelets pretty good, especially the Montebello.  If I you a fan of mushrooms that's a great choice. New on the menu is skillets, seems to be a popular choice. I had the Philly but I found it lacked flavor if you're really a fan for there potato fries then I'd recommend it. Portions are a good size and service is always friendly. Always coming around for coffee refills. The seating is well spaced out and booths are comfortable. New menu! And looking forward to try some of the new selections.
