2	I should have given it one star for the overall experience but this place gets and extra star because the food was very good and the Manager made the best of a really bad situation.This place gets two stars because the service was terrible. Although we were seated fairly quickly, it took 10 minutes for water to be served and another 10 minutes, at least, for a waiter to greet us and take our drinks order. Being seasoned travelers, and seeing that staff was quite overwhelmed, we placed our entire order at once, including drinks, appetizer, and main courses. Drinks took 10-15 minutes to arrive and no appetizers. 10-15 minutes later, both appetizers and main courses arrived at the same time after I signaled to Assistant-Manager that we had been waiting a long time... and my beer was a two-thirds empty by then. We looked clearly disappointed when the entire mess of food was delivered. Waiter and some other staffer that brought out the plates asked what was wrong. I told them, we saw they were busy and expected the appetizer with the drinks, so we could settle in and wait longer for main courses. Staffer, not waiter, got huffy about it and that really pissed us off. A few bites into our dinner my beer was empty and the glass was put at the end of the table in clear site of the waiter. Wife's sangria was empty by then as well. Not once did any staff member come back to see how we were doing. 15 minutes later, waiter came by to see us cuz I gave him the eye. He asked how we were doing only to notice we were all done and waiting for him. He asked if we wanted dessert and we curtly said no. Both of us would have had another drink or two. Waiter could have really bumped up the total on our bill. Oh well! Wife left and I asked for the Manager. Manager said, why didn't I say anything beforehand? Like, to whom? NOBODY WAS AROUND,,, EVER! Assistant-Manager got a meek complaint and even HE didn't comeback to check on us! Manager meekly explained that today was very hot and they had issues with seating on the second floor and this wasn't their usual quality of service. Would I give them a second chance? He promptly gave me his card and asked me to call on him next time I came in, before being seated. Sorry! That's not how it works. This place will get a second chance but I will come in as just another no-name customer. Let's see if the regular service is really up to par when staff and management aren't under the microscope of having to make up for a lousy first experience.
5	Went back yesterday, for dinner. This time, the place wasn't so full. It was a nice day so we sat outside. We were seated immediately and greeted by a very pleasant server who asked if we wanted drinks and promptly informed us of the Happy Hour specials. We ordered drinks and no appetizers. A few minutes later, she came back with our drinks and asked if we were ready to order. We placed our order and settled in to our drinks and pleasant conversation. Not too long afterwards our meals arrived. As before, the food was great. We also noticed that management was covering the floor, keeping an eye on service flow and ensuring all bases were covered. As far as I can tell, Manager was correct the first time we came by. This team makes every effort to ensure that guests have a great experience. On this visit, they were all conscientious, customer focused, pleasant and on top of every detail. It felt as though the team was working together, and that staff was focused on the right task at the right time. Very different from our first visit and a great experience overall!
1	Summary: lol wtf is this sh*t?Full Re-of the-View:First off nobody noticed us waiting to get seated for what felt like forever, the place wasn't super busy either so no excuse there, unless they want people to walk out...hey maybe they wanted to save us the torment of eating there? We should have taken the hint, but we didn't. Bummer.Seated, a miracle!One drink got ordered by the hubster, I hadn't decided yet *shrug* figured when the waitress comes and gives him his drink I will know what I want and be able to order it.Nope.She runs past our table smacks his drink down without saying a word and storms off again. Eventually I get to order my drink and some food too (gasp!), I went for the roast beef sandwich and the well-hydrated dude across the table went for the quesadilla. BLAARRGGHH! Do these people not know what seasoning is? Or hell salt even?Bland, hard, yuck. If you make mushrooms and beef bland you have failed at life, simple as that.The quesadilla looked worse than your average Taco Bell disaster but at least it had some sort of flavour..nothing good, but hey you can't ask for miracles in this place (like edible food and decent service).Our waitress had gotten lost at this point and we wanted to leave, so we had to poke the barman in order to pay for our "food" (ha! food..).Oh! I forgot to mention that my fries contained one really old "bottom of the fry basket for the last 10+ batches" black fry, yay! I left it triumphantly sticking out of the mayo for them, as the fry equivalent of a middle-finger, it was the least I could do. Why do people go here???
3	I've heard of lot of bad things about "Les 3 Brasseurs" over the last few years but never had the pleasure to visit a location until I did last night. I'll be honest... reading reviews of the downtown location as well as well as other 3 Brasseur locations honestly had me hovering on the "no" option to the party invite earlier this week.Let's put our cards on the table as speak honestly, if you're coming here expecting top quality food you will most likely be disappointed. If you're here for a "5 a 7" and want to taste genuine decent beer made in-house then you're in for a treat. Walking in, I found the decor modern yet warm. The area was spacious and the seating comfortable.I didn't order any appetizers but ordered a chicken burger with some homemade white beer. Firstly, the beer was exceptional and I would come back to have some more. The chicken burger however was pretty mediocre, with a drought of condiments to be had (I shouldn't be asking for mayo and getting 1 packet). Truth be told, I've had much better chicken burgers in my life. The side order of fries was presented in this small sample cup that obviously was placed in a fashion to look gastronomic but instead came off to me as being very cheap as a tiny side order of about 20 fries wasn't good enough to accompany a $14 mediocre burger.For desert I ordered their french waffle that came with ice cream and a cappuccino. The french waffle was tasty and hit the spot after a bland burger experience. The cappuccino was pretty bad as it was tiny,  far too strong and barely had any foam on top.The service was friendly, quick and efficient until a gentleman kindly asked us to leave since we stopped providing them profits after engaging in a most significant group discussion for an hour after our desert. Was it rude? No, but it was a bit shocking to be asked to leave when it's nearly 10 PM but there were patrons at the door.The price range is about average but be careful as it can quickly add up.
1	I decided to have lunch there this week with my son.  This restaurant is by far one of the worst eateries that I have gone to.  It was the first time for either of us.  The hostess sat us down without a word.  We had no idea why she had not given us a menu and waited 20 minutes before I asked a passing waitress if we could have a menu, only to be told rudely that they were already on the table.  You see, the 'menu' is in a form of a newspaper that was folded in two and tucked under the ketchup bottle. We had noticed the 'newspaper' but though it was just that, a newspaper.  The hostess never explained this to us.  Allow me to add that we arrived after the lunch rush time. We waited another 20 minuted before our waitress came to see us.  I had no idea she was in fact going to be our waitress before she presented herself to us.  You see, our waitress had been 'cruising' the gentleman who was alone at the table next to us.  They ultimately exchanged phone numbers. She was more preoccupied with flirting with him than she was with doing her job.It wasn't difficult to notice how scantily clad the women employees in this place dress.  I have nothing against sexy attired women, but this was ridiculous.  Three of the four waitresses had tops that were so low cut that I felt very uncomfortable. What is up with that concept ? Looking around I noticed that there were more male patrons than women, and I guess that I shouldn't of been surprised.  My adult son obviously didn't mind their dress code, but then again, he is a man. I doubt I will ever go back there again.  The food was quite bland and the decor left a bad taste in my mouth.  My son's nachos were burnt (black) and when we pointed this out to our waitress, she told us that nachos were supposed to be burnt.  Wow ! Really !?  This is not the first time we order nachos in a restaurant. In any case, this place should focus more on food quality than on attracting clients with eye candy. If any of you have seen the movie 'forty year old virgin', than you probably remember that scene where the main actor is on a speed date and he constanly tries to close his own shirt as a reaction due to the woman in front of him having a wardrobe malfunction. This is how I felt at the 3 Brasseurs. Definately not suitable for kids !!
