5	I'm a big fan of independently owned coffee shops, especially one that the owner has a passion for roasting and organic foods.http://www.echocoffee.com/2010/04/24/now-open/Echo Coffee opened yesterday in a beautiful small shopping center on the Northwest corner of 68th St. and Thomas Rd.  It's about time Scottsdale has a great place to go for free wi-fi, awesome coffee, and fresh baked pastries.Granted this place has been open for business less than 24 hours, but I can tell this is going to be a hot spot for Old Town residents.  Phoenix rules the independent coffee shop scene, but Scottsdale can contribute and follow their lead.I ordered a large coffee and it was made by pouring hot water over fresh ground, organic beans through a paper filter.  I haven't seen this at a coffee shop before.  Delicious taste.Good luck to Echo.  I can't wait to see how you evolve and I know I'll be there every weekend.
5	(Full disclosure: Proprietor Steve Belt is a friend of mine, but trust me, if he'd goofed this up, I'd say so...)Here I sit, sucking up the free wifi at Scottsdale's newest independently owned coffee shop, Echo Coffee.Over by the comfy couches and chairs, there's a coffee roaster cooking away as I type (TV is on the way). Steve is serious about his coffee and is watching over that thing like a mother hen. Some delightful looking fresh-baked cookies and pastries and a basket of fresh fruit are available if you're hungry. (Steve & company are fleshing out the menu).The atmosphere is great, and there's been a steady stream of customers coming in.Oh, and the coffee is spectacular. My only beef is it's not in Gilbert and closer to home. I could hang out in a place like this all day....
5	Ok, look.I spent the better part of my 20's and early 30's not drinking coffee so I can't consider myself a life-long coffee snob.But I learn fast.And after learning that Starbucks is not the end-all, be-all when it comes to coffee - I can almost say that I am no longer a complete rookie when it comes to great coffee.And in my opinion, Echo Coffee is great coffee.Top off the great coffee with free wifi and a top-of-the line interior fit and finish of the building and this can probably be declared the best-little-coffee-shop in this part of town.It just opened today and I got an iced coffee, straight. No sweetener, no additives - just the straight dope.And yes, it was fantastic.But I have to admit - I have a big problem with this place and it is one that I will be wrestling with for some time...It is a little too far from my house to go every day.Which begs the question: is this place good enough to cause someone to sell their house and move just to be close enough to go to it every day?I will if you will.
4	Only been here once, but I was pretty impressed.  Loved the architecture and design - very modern and airy, yet not cold.  A really comfortable place to hang out.  They have an empty bookcase, so I assume they will be adding some reading material: a must for coffee shop in my opinion.  The pour over coffee was really good.  I have had better, but it was quite nice.  Not a huge fan of the coffee cake, although some others might like it.  Looks like they will have some good sandwiches/salads, so that's nice.  The folks working there are super friendly.  I will definitely be back, and I encourage you to check it out too!
4	Excellent coffee experience.  It's so pleasing to find a go-to coffee joint in a new city.  I only visit Phoenix for work once in a while, but Echo will now be my place! They roast their own beans in-house, they grind only seconds before the brew, and they slow brew right in front of you.  They have a pastry chef as well!!  It was hard for me to resist the beautiful pastries and opt for a banana - alas, due to my random burst of willpower I cannot attest to the pastries.  I'll have some food next time around, and at that point I expect I'll boost my score from a 4 to a 5. They do have Wi-Fi - you get a code on your receipt which allows you access. It's an experience.  Go!
4	I visited Echo Coffee even though it's far from my neighborhood because my friend Carylann is the chef.  So that's my full disclosure.I ordinarily don't enjoy Scottsdale-I never feel dressed "right" and I hate navigated the parking downtown.  I don't venture into the city often, but I would definitely hang out here.  The shop is easy to find; it's on the corner of Thomas and 68th on the northwest corner.  The parking lot is plenty big.  When you enter the shop it's modern without feeling pretentious or too hipster-y. Ample seating and gorgeous lighting by way of large windows and light fixtures.The coffee menu is straightforward and I like the way they prepare coffee.  It's unusual and feels true to the product.  They pour hot water into a coffee filter for each cup, and it pours through into the mug.  My friend Susan ordered a cappuccino which was appropriately sized.  Each beverage was served with a tiny shortbread cookie-nice touch and something I've never seen done in Phoenix in any coffee shop.The food menu was small but had a nice variety of pastries, sandwiches, and quiches.  I tried a bacon/spinach quiche and it was delicious!  Carylann also brought us out a piece of coffee cake.  Drool. I am still thinking about driving back for seconds.  The top was crumbly and generous.  She told us a story about when she was a little girl, she'd always order coffee cake and wish it had the topping inside the cake as well.  So she included a topping layer on the inside of hers! Yum!
4	It's always nice to stumble across a locally owned coffeeshop, and this one is no exception. Not only that, but it's all organic, a place after my own Colorado hippie heart. And if that wasn't enough, they have cupcakes!Their chai was delicious (although presweetened, so those of you who like to put in your own agave are out of luck), and my partner enjoyed her iced latte, saying it tasted fresh. The made-there coffee cake was incredibly messy, but also incredibly delicious.I like the decor; great artwork, soothing colors, some chairs/tables and some comfy chairs, and great music that we really enjoyed. I love the easy to access free wireless as well. I can't stand places that charge at this point in my life. I'm no trendy college student.Prices are good for drinks, but seem a little high for the food items, especially the wraps.  The owner was super nice, but didn't seem to "get it" when I spoke to him about gender neutral bathrooms, which are of importance to me, my partner, and queer friendly groups I would love to have meet here in the future.  I'm hoping he'll change the two single stall rooms to be gender neutral -- eliminate lines, and make everyone feel welcome.I'll be back, for sure. I have to try the cupcakes!
4	I absolutely love what this coffee spot stands for. Organic, fresh, and supportive of their local roots. I believe Carolann is the chef, and Steve the owner are quite possibly two of the nicest and passionate people I've met through the process of them getting this locale up and going. Congrats and best of luck with Echo Coffee!
4	I spent my morning at Echo Coffee doing some work and conducting some interviews... I was pleasantly surprised by how friendly the staff was when I walked in (even though Steve, the owner, gave me shit about how I ordered my coffee drink).  Thank goodness he warned me that a large americano at Echo comes with four (yes, four) shots of espresso.  I am good with two!  It turned out great and energized me for hours... and no sweetener necessary.I noticed that in addition to the pastries in the case, there is an entire menu dedicated to sandwiches and salads and everything can be special ordered since there is a chef on premises.  I also met the biscotti maker when I was there.  How impressive that there is an entire team behind Echo, right?!There is free Wi-Fi and outlets scattered around, plenty of seating, and clean restrooms to boot.  This may just become my new "go-to" coffee shop!  See you soon, Echo!
5	Coffee is clearly the breakfast of champions. The classy looking building caught my eye driving down Thomas Road (which I often do) and I was excited to try it out the following morning. I was greeted with friendly service and contemporary decor. The area was littered with young professionals tapping away on laptops using the free wifi service (which earns them a star on it's own, IMO).My vanilla soy latte was priced only slightly above average cost, which I am happy to pay to support local business.The taste was great- not too sweet and a good, strong flavor. Here's the kicker though... As an avid coffee aficionado, I don't often get a caffeine "buzz" but this latte had me WIRED. Please don't take this as a bad thing- I miss that feeling and boy did I get a lot accomplished that morning! I'll be back, Echo Coffee!
5	Echo Coffee is rockin'!  I am in love with their coffee and espresso drinks.  I have gone in several times a week since they opened and I see that Echo is getting more popular.  I usually run in for a to-go cup, but last weekend I met a girlfriend there and we visited for 2 hours.  They offer sofas and table with chairs, so it's quite comfortable to sit and talk or get some work done (with their FREE Wi-Fi).The staff is always friendly and helpful.  I haven't tried any pastries yet - not because I haven't wanted to because they look delicious.  I had a small cookie on my latte saucer last weekend and it was delicious. Echo Coffee is proving to be a great little independent coffee shop.  Their beans are roasted on site and I can tell it's a labor of love for the owner.
4	What's great about Echo Coffee is it seems to be on the way to everything - to work, back home, to events. The convenient location and quick service means I can get in, get goodies and get out. When I do have the time to sit, the easy access to power and wifi makes for a great workspace.My must try list? Organic lemonade, mocha (great for those that don't like a strong taste of coffee, but love chocolate) and the chocolate-chip cookies.
5	I love this place. I love the coffee. I love the fact that the owner and most of the baristas seem to have more than a touch of perfectionism running through their veins.I'm just a skinny latte girl, and they not only don't mess it up here, they make it right.  I like the tiny shortbread cookie they give you (even though mine usually disappears), I like the fact that they brought in different types of milks, and I like that you get organic milk without paying extra.I also like the fact that when sisters and I have kids in tow, we never seem to get any flak for it. From patrons or employees.The only thing I would say is if the baristas make a mistake, don't get pissy with each other for bad communication.  Fix it.  They all seem like they could relax just a tad.
5	I enjoy this little coffee shop right across the street from our house. My husband and I come here (almost daily) for our coffee fix. We like the seating, staff, El Salvador espresso and last but not least Steve! Steve Belt (owner) is such a great guy, very accommodating with our monthly PR meeting/group as well.If you need a quick coffee fix or a place to work (free wifi), try this place! Quality service and drinks!
4	Watched the Ignite Phoenix #7 viewing party here on Friday Night. Thanks for hosting.  Had a lovely Americano while I watched.  Great drinks and cool interior.  The other guests seems to be talking about their food as being very good.  This is a little out of my neighborhood so don't know how often I will be able to stop by, but if I am ever remotely close and need a little java, this is a great little spot.
5	I am in love with Echo Coffee. It's tucked away in an unassuming strip mall in Scottsdale that you likely wouldn't notice if you weren't looking for it, which adds to Echo's charm. The small coffee shop serves up delicious drinks and a great menu of lunchtime classics and snacks that are sure to please. I showed up for the first time on a day when the power had been out in the store for most of the morning. It had just come back on and the staff were friendly as can be. I must say, my favorite part was the soundtrack playing in the background, which featured some of the best mellow, coffee shop music I've experienced in town. It's a great place to meet a friend, study, or settle in on the comfy sofas with a good book and some comfort food. I'd definitely recommend this place!
3	Stopped in try Echo today on my way to work. The coffee was VERY good. I really enjoyed my iced latte. Had a great flavor and was very smooth. I do agree that it was a little pricey, but not so much more than other places. Atmosphere was okay. There are other coffee joints I'd rather "hang" in. The staff wasn't rude but wasn't friendly either.I wasn't really blown away by Echo Coffee, but I could go back again.
4	Echo Coffee house rocks.  This recently opened coffee house/restaurant is a real treat.  It has a friendly staff, lots of seating, good salads and sandwiches.  There is free WiFi, which is great.  They don't care how long you stay.  It's not in a strip mall, but a freestanding, beautifully designed building on the northwest corner of 68th Street and Thomas. In our part of town, there haven't been many choices, but with the opening of LoLo's and now Echo Coffee, we're on a roll.
4	Better late then never is all I can say! While Scottsdale was pretty slow to get on the independent coffee shop bandwagon, they're finally stepping up to the plate and this is one of the newest shops to hit the block. I've been to Echo a couple of times and I've been pleasantly pleased every time I went. Situated on Thomas, just south of Old Town, the shop is clean and trendy. Free wi-fi is always a coffee shop bonus because let's face it...most people who visit coffee shops want free internet access. Yes, Echo Coffee might call a strip mall home, but don't let that fool you. As soon as I walked in, I felt like I was in a trendy city-style coffee shop. If I closed my eyes, I could almost pretend I was in SF. The staff is very chatty and friendly. The coffee blends are unique and dynamic. While I haven't had a chance to try the food, I saw some plates come out and I am counting the minutes before I can go back and taste every option on the menu. They also have a nice selection of pastries; my weakness. My favorite part of Echo coffee is the atmosphere for working. It's perfect to work for a couple of hours or meet a client for a business meeting. Another plus? Outlet plugs to charge your computer. It baffles me that some places lack this simple amenity. So all in all, I add this to my list of favorite independent coffee shops located in the Old Town vicinity.
4	Echo Coffeehouse is off of 68th Street and Thomas in a brand new building shell.  They did a great job with the TI's and are right across the street from TT's Roadhouse. My wife and I stop there because it is a convenient place to meet, always has parking and they do a great job with the coffee (I get Iced Coffee; she gets Tea or water) and an even better job on the sandwiches.  I recommend either the Tuna Sandwich (made of white beans/tuna/light olive oil on flat bread) or the Curry Chicken.  Both times we ate there the food was fresh, well made and well presented.  I recommend this place to anyone who likes well-made, light lunches with a good, cold coffee drink.  What would give it FIVE stars would be for it to survive the summer and host live music and/or art stuff at night.
5	For being a local business that just recently opened, Echo Coffee is doing a phenomenal job. I have had nothing but great experiences (and none of the snafus that tend to plague small businesses when they first open). First, their space is fantastic. It is a clean, open and very modern buildout that manages to feel warm and inviting. The service is prompt, efficient and professional. And finally, the coffee is excellent; each drink has been consistent in flavor and quality. For a nice vacation from daily life, step into Echo Coffee with a book.
2	Still not in love with it.Again with the overstaffing and employees huddled, eating/drinking and chatting instead of hurrying up and making my drink.  it is okay to hurry--or is that just my strange, city-thinking?meh.
4	Disclaimer: I've known Steve (the owner) for a few years and he's a great guy. Disclaimer: I'm also a coffee dork and even though I know Steve and he's a great guy I wouldn't pull punches if the place wasn't up to par!Disclaimer: I think I'm addicted to disclaimers now...This place has great coffee, a great space, and a great attitude. Steve roasts his own coffee and is very passionate about the quality of the beans he's producing. If you catch him there, ask him about it at your own risk. You will get a LOT of great info.There is a lot of thought in their menu, though it may not be apparent at first. For example, there are no blended drinks (like Frappucinos) not because Steve is a coffee snob, but because the blenders make a lot of noise and he wants people to be able to relax and work without being disturbed. Their space is very flexible with several couches, tables, and chairs for a casual conversation or to get some work done.The coffee menu is also fairly simple, encouraging discussion between employees and customers if there is something specific they want. The staff is very accommodating, and willing to help or explain.  They have a nice set of food menu items to accompany the drinking portion of things.  It's a very well rounded, very great addition to the local coffee scene!Disclaimer: This is the last disclaimer.
5	Great food, coffee and the staff is great!
4	This place takes a lot of care in their coffee. They roast the beans on site, drip the coffee before your eyes and have a wide selection of classic, high-quality espresso drinks. The decor is calming and cool with plenty of comfortable seating and ample wi-fi. I'm looking forward to several return visits.
5	On the best days, you'll walk in to the smell of freshly roasting coffee beans, a special blend created by the ever-present owner, Steve Belt.  On the second best days, you'll wonder if it can be any better, and then you'll walk in on one of the best days, where you'll smell the freshly roasting coffee by ... wait, I said that already.To top off the atmosphere, which is extremely conducive to working, because the music isn't blaring, like some other coffee shop near Indian School and Central (which has its place), the menu is excellent.  Carylann Wooton, a transplant from Liberty Market, created it from scratch, and uses nothing but organic ingredients.  My favorite is the Mediterranean Tuna.Excellent quality, excellent service.  Prices on food?  A bit more than I'd like to see, but oh so tasty.
4	For starters, this place is MUCH better than Starbucks. You can think of it as, perhaps, Starbucks Lite.At the time of this review, I am fully aware that Starbucks now offers free Wi-fi. However, that doesn't change the fact that I love the personable, knowledgeable staff of Echo a lot more. My friend and I get along with everyone there -- most of the staff even know us on a first name basis! -- and each time they are able to recommend something to us based on our personal tastes, which they all seem to have a mental catalog of. It's a quaint shop for its vast size; the window walls make everything seem more open and friendly, and the fact that you get to see them roast their own beans in small batches really makes you feel like you're one with the shop. They have a small menu drink-wise, but there are still so many combinations to mix. And food-wise? Might I suggest the Pressed Italian sandwich or the Asian salad!If you're looking for a sanctity with free Wi-fi, good, relaxing music, and nowhere near as much noise as Starbucks, look no further than Echo.
4	After hearing about this place which is close to my house I had to go check it out. Great atmosphere. Owner is very involved and seems as willing to talk to you as you are to him. Staff is upbeat and that's always a plus in my book. I'm not the biggest coffee drinker but I had a latte and it was excellent and last but not least if you can't stand Starbucks because it's too much of a coffee Walmart, this has everything you need (good lighting, free wifi,etc). Bonus: I got to bump into Yelp's own Gabi, Queen of the Phoenix coffee shops.
5	Echo Coffee is GREAT great!  They are really friendly and they know their coffee.My espresso drink was flawless in it's execution.  FLAWLESS flawless!I loved the atmosphere.  Modern and sleek but warm and welcoming at the same time.The pastries looked great but I resisted the urge to purchase one...then my mocha arrived with a dainty little shortbread cookie alongside-it was delicious. Echo Coffee roasts their own beans on site-a hallmark of a true coffeehouse.  EXCELLENT! Excellent.
5	I am digging Echo...delicious Espresso and free wifi!
5	Coffee is always fresh. Sandwiches are great. Service is fast and the employees seem to be cheery and helpful.  I like this cafe. Try the turkey and brie.
4	My wife and I finally stopped by Echo Coffee together last Saturday night after having dinner elsewhere.  It was slow and quiet, but that was just fine by us.  We went there to have a good cup of coffee and talk, and that's exactly what we got.We arrived at around 8:30pm to find only one employee working the counter.  She was busy making another customer's coffee, and I'm pretty sure she expected us to place our order to her back.  I waited until she was ready for us, though, and she almost seemed annoyed that I did.  She was pleasant enough but not very friendly or conversational.  She just took our order and moved on.  I thought part of the charm of local businesses was that they care about your patronage and show it....  Nevertheless, the iced latte I had and the Americano my wife had were both very good.I'd definitely visit Echo Coffee again, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it, either.
5	Fantastic coffee! The owner is super nice and the environment is great. Wish it was in Ahwatukee.
5	Wow, I cannot believe I have somehow missed a review of Echo Coffee when I have been telling everyone that I know about it!I love that it is local.  I love that it is NOT bohemian (though I like those types of coffee shops too), meaning, it has a certain atmosphere of modernity and professionalism.  It is less frenzied than many other coffee shops I have frequented.  I love the food, and I think it is significant to note that they offer more than donuts and sweet rolls; the salads and sandwiches are great!  And ya gotta love it when they say, "Please sit down, and we'll bring it to you when it's ready."  Yea!
5	--Good coffee--Good prices--Friendly staff.--Nice, comfy decor.--Easy parking.
4	Sleek, nice, and smooth -- no I'm not talking about the coffee.  It's the place.  Not your typical Starbucks my friends.  Echo is a quaint local coffee shop that has some good pastries and a nice place to lounge and hangout.  I enjoy their couch area -- very homey.  Anyways, I always enjoy my coffee in a coffee mug - not your "Starbucks" cup.  Yeah I'm getting sick of those - granted they keep my coffee warm; it's just not the same as a mug :)  I had some oatmeal cookies here - yum!  Indeed goodbye six-pack; we had a good run :(  Haven't tested out their Wi-Fi yet, but I found a new location to study....if I ever have time to study hehe - enjoy!
3	Stopped in for a light lunch on a Saturday.Service was good, if not exactly warm.The menu was small, but with good variety and the food tasted great.The coffee was quite good as well. My friends and I had 6 different drinks between us and everyone had positive comments.The biggest complaint was the odd arrangement of tables and single patrons hogging four seats or more at a time, even at the bar.Good enough to patronize if I'm in the area, not good enough for a special trip.
5	Okay I have found my new favorite "home office!"  I don't have an office for my agency yet so coffee shops tend to be where I get most of my work done.Last week I checked out Echo Coffee for a client meeting and we both really liked it.  Today I returned and spent a few hours working at Echo Coffee on their wi-fi. It was such a nice break from my usual home office at Starbucks.  Walking into Echo Coffee you can instantly tell its a different type of coffee experience.  The environment is very relaxing, music is not blasting so customers don't have to scream over each other, and they have great big couches in the back.  Of course atmosphere and great coffee needs to be in balance and it definitely was at Echo.The coffee is really good and love very fair price for the quality you get (my 2 favs are Cappuccino at $2.75 and $3.75 for large Chai Latte).  My chai latte came in a big ceramic mug.  I don't know about you but there is just something special enjoying coffee out of big mugs and not recyclable paper cups.A surprising first for me is getting actual lunch at a coffee place and was pleasantly surprised to find the food was also really good.  Can you tell I am a fan yet?  I ordered a Curry Chicken sandwich and it was huge and delicious so finished the whole thing.  There was a nice bonus on the plate - Mango Chutney so make sure you get that if you order lunch at Echo.  I would have loved just a bowl of that and bread as its flavor was so good.  I need to find out where they get this from as I want to have it at home. About $12.50 for my huge Chai tea and curry chicken sandwich.
4	Great little coffee shop.  They "hand" brew their coffee one cup at a time and the results are exceptional tasting coffee!   They make wonderful banana nut bread.  Free Wi-Fi and every friendly staff.  The place is very clean and large with comfortable tables and chairs (like what you find in a college library).
4	Echo is the neighborhood coffee shop I was waiting for. What I wasn't expecting was for it to become my neighborhood lunch spot as well. I'm stuck on the Cubano. It is all kinds of yummy roast pork and stuff. Since I can't break away from that, my wife tried the Mediterranean Tuna sandwich and it was so good that we split sammiches next time.Keep up the good work, Echo. You definitely deserve the following you're garnering. Plus, I'm glad to see that building put to some good use. Hopefully some other quality businesses will fill in the open spot(s) and we'll have even more reason to make it a destination. A kickass Mexican market would be awesome. There is definitely both the Hispanic and Gringo crowd to support it in the area.As for the lack of free refills... doesn't that imply that if I didn't drink 1 gallon of tea that I got ripped off? What about all of us 1 big beverage drinkers who are satisfied with the price we pay for our 1 drink. Are we supposed to feel stupid for not maximizing our liquid intake? To me, free refills make sense if you're at a sit-down place that is primarily about food and you're going to be there a longish time due to the food service. For a place that is primarily a coffee/beverage spot with some good food, allowing people to sit and drink free drinks all day would be a bad business decision. If you disagree, open up the Free Refills joint next door. Prove me wrong.Perhaps a compromise is to add a discounted refill to the menu. That will please the regulars who hang out and abuse the T3 and serve those who suck down lots of liquids in a short time.(a T3/DS3? really? i have my doubts that an entire T3/DS3 is being dedicated to this shop. that's enough bandwidth to serve a good-sized office building and host some websites with good traffic. a simple Cox cable connection is a fraction of the cost and often far faster.)
4	First, I don't know any of the owners and I"m not friends with anyone at this place.  this is just an honest review.Overall, this is a cool place.  Most important, the coffee is good.  It's not burnt like starbucks.it has free internet.  The place is very clean, has lots of seating inside and plenty of parking.The only reason 4 out of 5 is that it's a bit sterile.  it's not your typical "coffee joint" like a hippy place.  it's kinda like starbucks feel but better coffe.  the other reason is no real selection of morning food.  no muffins or pastries.conclution:  recommended as a solid option
3	Coffee that repeats itself?I can do that all by myself!I just need to forget to take my Prilosec, and my morning cuppa Joe will "repeat" most of the day (is there much of anything more unpleasant than being on the receiving end of somebody else's coffee and onion bagel burps, complete with acid reflux "grace notes"?).So I make sure that I take all my medications (when you get to be my age, you are pretty much at the mercy of the medical profession...I personally seem to be held together entirely by surgical grade Super Glue, titanium rods, Teflon inserts and a pharmacopeia of truly staggering proportion!).Anyway, the match that lights this particular rocket every morning is coffee!Sometimes I take my coffee at Echo (I have said it before and I will say it again...I really do not understand how some of these places get their names...what does sound reverberation have to do with coffee and the accompanying treats, breads, and what not...what?).And a pretty decent cup of coffee it is...each cuppa, is individually drip brewed and served in a nice big ceramic mug...perfect for warming up on these chilly 80 degree autumn mornings!According to Steve at Echo, they do not have muffins, croissant, bagels (no, not even onion bagels, ever) nor breakfast sandwiches to carb you up to face the day.According to the message from Steve...they do have Blueberry Scones.As anyone who has read my little stories will attest, accuracy in my recitation of menu items is of critical importance to me!OK...My visit's have been for coffee and I glanced at the bakery case (I was sure that I saw some of the above, but apparently not), but I don't really eat the pastries anyway.I can only comment on the coffee and the place.Echo is open and airy, nicely decorated and has lots of big communal workin'/eatin'/drinkin' tables to set up shop and while away the hours (you know, looking for work/writing your novel/surfing Hulu/updating your FB status like that's your job), until you have to go home and face reality (no internet, no cable, no power, no...well, just no).Echo is convenient to me and easily found by pretty much everybody...Echo also has plenty of parking in the lot for their building (unlike so many of their coffee house brethren), so I take the occasional meeting at Echo.Finally, a very nice aspect of Echo Coffee is that there is, in fact, no echo at Echo (unlike places like the Grand Lux)...I can actually hear my conversations at Echo!Give Echo a try...they have decent coffee, at not terribly exorbitant prices, and Echo provides a reasonably comfortable place to have a conversation or just enjoy your coffee.Echo is a pretty solid 3.666666666666666666666666666666666666 stars (oop's...my 6 key "echoed" a few times), and as always...no rounding up.Thanks for the correction, Steve.
4	I really love this coffee house. I actually visited it twice today-once for a meeting and later just to hang out. They have -great coffee ( real macchiatos, and proper cappucinos), great treats and quiet enough to get work done if you need. Only complaint is the music-yes, I'm happy they don't blast rock-there's a time and a place for loud music but the generic soft rock they were playing this afternoon lead us outside to escape-I suggest they do a bit of research, or ask a hipster barrista or customer to give them a play list of acceptable soft-quiet music-I'm thinking Andrew Bird, Iron and Wine, Nick Drake, etc. if you want to keep the mellow mood, don't resort to the piped in muzak version.
1	So I will NEVER write a bad review unless I have been to a place at least 2 times with BAD service. This is the 3rd time I have been at Echo.. All I can say is UGH! This place has miserable people working there. Could you please put on a smile on your face and at least fake it? I mean come on, I am paying $3 and change for a coffee, at least smile and say thank you or something, ANYTHING. I have seen similar reviews, where people say they are rude and I hear their pain. I guess maybe if I was sitting there ALL DAY drinking a glass of water they would have been nice to me, like some of the others, but since I bought a coffee and a bottle of water they are rude? Not sure why, but when I walked out I said Thank you and the people behind the counter said nothing, not a word. I am so sick of trying to support local business owners that hire cheap horrible labor, and this is how I am treated. I am gonna stick to Starbucks, I go in there everyday and they always have a smile on their face, faking it or not... I kinda stumbled around putting the cream in my iced to go coffee, (since they put it in a small silver creamer container, instead of in the coffee) so I could see if maybe it was me, but they were the same way to the woman behind me who ordered in. She looked at me and I looked at her, just kinda confused like what is going on? I bet she will not be back either, unless she gets better service from them while she dines in. Echo.... I will go down the road and support my local Starbucks chain. Sorry.... I tried to give you a shot, but this local business will not support yours anymore....
4	So I finally experienced Echo Coffee and I realized I should have been there many times before.  It is a great little coffee shop with patio seating and lots of places to relax inside as well.  They offer free Wi-Fi which is a plus.I went during breakfast time so I had a blueberry scone which was good lot's of Blueberries and good flavor.  I also had a Caramel Latte which was very good.  They had great presentation as well in the foam.  I will totally go back next time probably for lunch they had some great sandwich's on their menu.
4	Cool coffee shop that is much needed in the heart of the "starbucks controlled area" in old town. Each drink is made carefully with time put into it. Not a great place if you are in a rush for this reason. Nice decor throughout.
5	I love this place! Not only is it different from the Starbucks of the world because it is local, great decor, local art on the walls (I could keep going), but it is really, REALLY good! I hate only having soy milk as a dairy alternative other coffee shops. Echo has many more - almond milk is my favorite. Pastries are delicious too! Haven't had any salads or sandwiches yet, but that is my next on my list.
3	Echo is a nice little shop that i frequent from time to time when i'm in that neck of the woods. FIrst time i checked in it was too hot for coffee and ordered iced tea. Awesome Iced Tea! Vibe is great and i have been comfortable every visit. My only issue with Echo is that i just don't enjoy their coffee that much. Have tried multiple times hoping that it was just a fluke, but 2 days ago got the worst one yet. Sadly, that will be the last time i try ordering coffee. I will visit Echo again (iced tea only) and like i said i enjoy the place overall, but wish the coffee was better.
3	I've been here a few times since my first visit and have been suitably impressed with the food and coffee. The service is still less than warm, but hasn't been rude.It's nice to know it's here if I'm in the area.
3	I've swung into Echo a few times and haven't ever had a bad cup of coffee. The cappuccino is pretty solid and the zucchini bread I had for breakfast one day was a win. If I recall correctly it came in a cute little box too.For some reason I've never been able to feel relaxed and at home enough to chill and enjoy an afternoon or evening there. Not sure why, but just haven't.
4	One of my new favorite spots.  Plenty of tables chairs and couches to work or relax at.  Good coffee (not the worlds best but still very good).   Their espresso drinks are pretty good too.
4	One of those neighborhood gems that you want to see succeed. Good coffee and specialty coffees.  Fun places to sit and chat with a variety of choices.... couch, counter, bistro tables etc.  and it's CLEAN!
5	I'm new to Scottsdale and have been working from home (which means out of coffee shops) the last couple of weeks--and have been pleasantly surprised by all the great indie options in Old Town (Sola, Winfield's). Echo is no exception.Equally great atmosphere for doing work or just hanging out, Echo has the added bonus of a made-to-order lunch menu. To top it off, my americano came with a tiny little bite-sized sugar cookie, just enough to satisfy my afternoon sweets craving. I'm sold.
5	When 2 unrelated people, in 1 week, both independently demanded that each of their business meetings with me happen at Echo Coffee, that's gotta be a "5"!When, during each meeting, people I know from completely different "worlds" [scattered across the Valley] came in for their own coffee and/or meetings, that catapaulted Echo into the Lola or Cartel.The coffee stood the test excellently, as did the atmosphere.
3	11/03/102.5 stars.First time @ Echo Coffee!  Funny, I expected a lot more polish and flare, trippy ambience, highly-charged even (!), after looking at the glossy online photos, but the space looked tired and neglected; I certainly didn't feel like I had to occupy this space any longer than to grab a cup of coffee and some pastries.  Even the merchandise section (cups, bags of coffee, and poorly-stocked Echo-logo shirts) was in disarray.  Who would feel like they'd like to buy a souvenir from here?  Unfortunately, even the photos I took of the pastries mirror the sad state I found their former home in :(If you like cranberry-oatmeal cookies, then you must try Echo's version- chewy and moist, CHOCK-FUL of dried cranberries, oatmeal, and nuts (almonds, I think).  All the ingredients balanced each other out so that the cookie wasn't cloyingly sweet.  The slice of banana bread, which came highly-recommended by the server/cashier, was a different story; Hefty-portioned, it also looked moist and full of delightful banana-goodness, but felt very dry, hardened almost, and didn't have much flavor.  I felt duped into paying for a day-old (or maybe even two days-old!) slice.  Dipping the cake into the coffee didn't help matters.  All the dipping did was deposit grease into my black coffee...  I just chucked it in the trash.  Shame on you, Echo!Ah, but I might still come back, bec. the drip coffee and cookie filled my need for speed.  Caffeine and sugar, that is.  I really appreciate the fact that everything served here was made w/ organic ingredients!  I will say that the customer service was friendly and helpful- always a plus!
4	pretty cool joint. food was good, drinks were good. nice lounge areas. definitely a great spot!
4	Solid coffee, espresso drinks, and decent pastries...add in free wi-fi and no need to fight off the turtle neck crew to find a place to sit (a la Lux) and you have winner. As is oh so popular, their drip is single serving and very well done. For the most part, I prefer their drip over the espresso drinks. They roast the beans on site and offer bagged beans to go as well. The Titus makes a good earthy coffee that is not overly roasted, not necessarily for dark roast fans, but definitely has enough body to please someone like me who likes strong coffee. They are not fast, but, that is how it works when things are made one-at-a-time and not with the shock and awe of the Starbucks' espresso machines. The pastries are also worth a try, particularly the raspberry bars. They have a small outdoor area and a mix of tables and a few couches and club chairs. Perfect for a little morning work and a good cup of coffee. Now if I can just figure out how I can open up my beer and cheese bar in the space next door...
4	Have happened upon this place a few times while on bike rides with friends. Always enjoy the atmosphere, the staff and the DELICIOUS food. Was excited to find a local coffee shop;  as we are always looking for alternatives.Would suggest for a great date night, a place to stop for a quick cup, or a relaxing night of conversation.
5	Checked this place out finally. I am a fan. Guy roasting his own stuff is great. drip to order  is good. Chatty friendly non stuck up staff is excellent. I will be back for sure.
4	The drip really is as good as everyone says. The atmosphere is cozier than my living room. The music is reliably awesome. The service is great.The owner is here tonight, added bonus.According to another patron, this place "Attracts the Awesome." I'm inclined to agree.
5	I'm obsessed with Echo Coffee from afar. I wish San Diego had a place like this. Back in January, my fiance and I went to Scottsdale for a weekend to visit a friend of his. Sad news: I had a major exam to study for and had to scamper off while they enjoyed life. Happy news: I found this little gem right across the street from our friend's apartment!So yeah...two trips here in a weekend, totaling more than twelve hours. Those drip coffees are the shit (I should know, I had four of them during my second visit). I also enjoyed a chai latte at some point...not the best one I've ever had, but solid nonetheless.Food: The breakfast yogurt and granola was awesome, but what really rocked my world was the cold curry chicken salad sandwich I ate for lunch. Seriously amazing...please order it and enjoy it, since I can't.The service was great too. Apparently they don't kick you out even after you've been there for nine hours straight. There was a point at which I hadn't ordered anything in two hours, but one of the employees still approached me to ask if I needed anything, and to take my trash.Free wifi, so ask for the password. Cute, modern decor. Good study environment, but also good for a nice meal/chat with friends. Food is perhaps a bit more expensive than other coffee shops, but it was pretty darn good. As was the experience in general. And thus continues my hunt for a coffee house just as awesome that isn't 370 miles away...
4	Love this coffee  place, nice workers and good ambiance and good coffee too!
5	Echo Coffee is the place in Scottsdale that most reminds me of the kind of coffeehouses back home that I liked to visit - quiet, good place to study,  excellent drinks and sandwiches, and not too pretentious or hipster.First, the atmosphere is fantastic.  There is the prerequisite lounge-y area with the overstuffed couches and coffee table where people can read a book or meet up with friends.  But the main area is filled with tables and chairs - almost like a library - and there are plugs available everywhere.  This place was meant for people who intend to get some work done.I've only had the drip coffee and the iced tea, and both were fantastic.  The drip isn't charred or burned tasting, and still has that natural sweetness that proper coffee should.  Creaming and sugaring good coffee like this should be a crime.  The iced tea is unsweetened, but is accented with some fruit flavors.They have an honest to goodness chef on staff, so the sandwiches on the menu are actually pretty good.  The turkey and brie, the pressed Cuban, and the pesto chicken, all simple and all excellent.  One huge plus for this place... and it adds to the ambiance more than you'd think - they use real, high quality plates, cups, and glassware for folks eating in.  This is beyond restaurant grade, it's pretty much the nice stuff that your mom keeps in a drawer and takes out for special occasions.  Yes, this makes a difference.Prices are a little on the high side and it doesn't take much of a crowd before it's way too crowded.  Remains the only coffee shop I visit when I'm in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area.
5	Great neighborhood coffee shop.  This place serves great coffee and food that is inviting for any person...meaning, you don't have to be a hipster to sit and enjoy a cup at this place.  Also the prices are much cheaper than the Starbucks down the road, and are of a much higher quality.  Definitely recommend this place if you are looking for a place to study or grab a quick coffee on the go.  The lattes are great!
5	I love echo coffee.  This is a great study spot with delicious lattes.
3	While spending the weekend in Scottsdale, we attempted to try as many coffee places as possible (at least until we were overloaded on caffeine - 5 doubles is pushing my limit in a 24 hour period....).The store is very clean, new, and modern.  They've got a La Marzocco Linea and a serious group of grinders - Mazzer Robur, Elecktra Nina, and Two Compak K10s - they mean business. I had a double espresso - described as a Papua New Guinea single origin with citrus and berry flavors.  It was pulled more of a traditional volume at 2oz+, but I was getting a little sweetness with some earthy flavors.  They have a couple of espresso bean options, so trying others might have found one a little more to my liking. My dad had a latte, which was pretty good - maybe the coffee works better in milk.The barista was friendly and open to talk about the coffee, which was nice.  They roast on site, which is a plus too.  The place has a lot of potential, so it will be interesting to see what they do in the future.
3	So I went here on Sunday morning for 'breakfast' (just coffee... ha) with the BF as part of the Coffee Tour of PHX....FTW. The shop is really cold feeling... not in temperature. It just doesn't have anything really cool about it and it doesn't have he warmth in the type of seating or the lighting... I dunno, not my style. The baristas were nice, but really slow. The BF got drip coffee, which I was not a huge fan of.... it had a weird flavor and even though there wasn't much cream in it, the cream flavor overtook the coffee flavor. I got my usual, a latte. It was ok, it tasted good but was not my favorite flavor. I guess that's personal preference, but I thought it was just ok. Also, the cups were kind of crappy... they were eco friendly, which is fine, but did not protect my hand very well from heat... not so pleasant. Anyway, this place is fine and it's better than starbucks for sure, but I wouldn't go out of my way to go here.
2	Echo coffee spent way more money on their decor than they did their coffee beans. I stopped in one afternoon for a snack and afternoon java jolt. The espresso coffee was on par with illy, the brownie was clearly from a duncan hines box. I can pretty much get both of those at home. Bottom line: Why go here when Orange Table is around the corner and makes homemade goodies?
5	I am SO glad that this place is doing well.  The coffee is great and the atmosphere very chill.   SOOOO much better than any other coffee place around my area.   Thanks for coming to the hood!  I love the friendly staff and the assortment of chairs, vibes, and diverse reading/info!
5	I.almost forgot about this little place until i just passed it the other day...this place is.fsbulous!! My dad would bring our office treats from here almost every week for months and they were addicting...the apricot and raspberry bars are to die for...they are chewy and buttery but not too sweet at all...the chocolate chip cookie is amazing!! i think its the zucchini bread but that is amazing its moist and the frosting is a perfect addition...i love this little place my sis and i used to go here last summer to.get their chai soy iced lattes and they were so good...its completely different then any other chai latte i have ever had...i do not think they add sugar to their chai which is a nice change...dont get me wrong i love my other chai lattes from other places too but this one just seems a little more refreshing and light.  I need to go.to this place.more.often.its not that far from my house or job either...i would recommend this place to everyone and i hope this place stays around for a long time...they offer wifi and its a lil hip place to go and get away for a bit or to get some work done! Try it!!!!!!
4	Best latte ever!!!  I missed my local coffee shop in Phoenix and I stumbled upon Echo.  I am so happy I found this place.  Free Wi-fi and AMAZING lattes have won me over!  I recommend the Turkey & Brie sandwich.  The pear made the sandwich.  They have a great music selection and they don't crank up the volume.  Check this place out!
5	This place is great.  Their coffee is really good (not phenomenal, but really good), and they offer almond milk for lattes! (and soy, rice milk, organic milk) - low calories, not overly processed, almond milk is the way to go.  Food wise I've only tried the Turkey and Brie, and that was before their menu changed so it might be different now, but it was really good.The best thing about this place is the atmosphere - its a cute coffee shop, and its perfect to put in long hours studying. Its not overly loud or distracting, there's always plenty of options for seating, and the wifi is strong.  The baristas are also really helpful and will take the time to talk with you about the various drinks to find you something you'll like.  Keep it up Echo!
4	It's been a year since my last Echo Coffee review, so it's time for an update.  Actually, despite the fact that Echo is super close to where I live, work, and play, I'm not a regular... but I did go in a few days ago and was reminded of how much I like the place.This update is actually more about the food and non-caffeinated drink options, since I'm caffeine-free as of late.  Note that the chef changed in the last few months, so the menu is fairly new.  Lunch is served from 11am - 3pm, but if you go before or after that, you're fairly screwed when it comes to food options.  Luckily, I arrived around 1:30 so I was in luck.  I ordered the tuna sandwich (Tuna, apricot, and shallots tossed in an apple cider vinaigrette with avocado, sprouts, roma tomatoes, and swiss cheese on whole wheat).  The bread was a tad bit dry but I liked the sandwich nonetheless.  And I loved the little side of homemade seasoned popcorn that came on the side.  I washed it all down with a wonderful tart lemonade.Whether you're looking for a cup of coffee, a lemonade, a place to get some work done, hold a meeting, or have a decent lunch (between 11 and 3), give Echo a shot.
4	I love, love, love Echo Coffee.  I don't drink coffee daily or at home, so when I do its a treat... The first time I had Echo coffee, it was a REAL treat!  The coffee is some of the best i've had.... Not acidic or burnt... Yum! What a change from the typically over-roasted starbuck$ latte.  Coffee is fair-priced and doesn't take 10-20 minutes of wait time to get (ahem, Sola.)  I haven't yet tried their sandwiches, but hope to soon.  Keep up the delicious coffee!
5	Love this place. It has a cool coffee shop vibe, plenty of tables, comfy couches and chairs and a bar kind of area.  They've always been super cool and friendly.  Also, they have lots of creamer options including soy, almond, and rice milk!I've been there 5 times, usually stopping in on a weeknight after work, but once I stopped in mid-day during the week and the owner made it a point to say say Hello and ask how I found out about them.  He was very energetic, positive and seemed like the kind of person who really cares about his business and his customers.
5	Support your local coffee shop- Buck the Bucks!The coffee here is roasted right on premise and tastes delicious! The atmosphere is welcoming and comfortable- the perfect place to work, have a business lunch or a great cuppa joe! The baristas are friendly and each cup of coffee is hand made with TLC. They really go to great lengths at Echo to provide an outstanding product. They also have a yummy sandwich and salad menu all made with fresh, local ingredients. So BUCK the BUCKS and grab a CUP at Echo coffee!
5	Everything about this place was great - people, coffee, service, etc.I cannot wait to get some beans to try at home.
4	Great coffee! There is a lot of coffee out there, but believe me it is NOT all good. Echo has great coffee! Isn't that enough? What more do you want?Ok, they do have food and other drinks . . . . but if you are a caffeine fan, go for the coffee. The other stuff will be a nice accompaniment. That's all.
4	Great espresso, good music, close to my house.
1	The one-star review is for 1-thing only and will hopefully be removed.  We'll see.The 1-thing?  Abominable customer service.  Here goes:  I was having a horridly difficult day yesterday with meetings scattered around the Valley  starting late difficult traffic  arrived at my 3PM at Echo at 2:55PM, waiting on line 7 minutes before I could order.At 3:02PM I asked for a coffee and sandwich (I hadn't eaten anything since a quick 7AM scoop of oatmeal and was famished).I was told the kitchen closed at 3PM and they would not consider making a sandwich.  They offered me pastries from the front counter.  That does not a lunch make.  I declined, got my coffee and had my meeting.I didn't eat until I got home at 6PM.They hadn't closed the kitchen door when they refused to make a sandwich and I could see all of the ingredients sitting on the kitchen's work counter.I didn't take issue with the young woman who stridently advised me a sandwich was impossible.  I don't argue with subordinate staff who are presumably only following orders.  No one senior to her was in evidence.I will simply avoid scheduling meetings at Echo and try to persuade people who want to meet there to meet somewhere else.When I have clear and abundant evidence this customer service standard has been vaporized I will return.  And change this 1-star rating.
4	Nice place to work and hang.  Really great espresso drinks, although I don't like the pour-over as much as Cartel's.  Cartel's is less bitter and more floral tasting.  Their oatmeal cookies are good, but not a fan of their food as of late.  Not enough vegetarian or smaller options.  Soup, half-sandwich or half-salad would be nice.  Overpriced, too - a very limited, plain salad (Waldorf) for 7.50.  And that's one of the cheaper things.  No more Cuban sandwich, either.  And oddly enough, the sandwiches come with a little bucket of stale popcorn.  Tastes terrible, and in any case, does not go with coffee at all.  The chef can obviously do pastries - it would be great if he tried his hand at some savory muffins like they have in New Zealand coffee shops (sweet potato, cheese and spinach; bacon and cheese, etc.).
5	ella makes the most wonderful cappuccinos in the valley!very chill place to relax or to use their wifi.steve, the owner, appreciates all his customers' feedback!
3	I like this place. Super close to home. Kinda too busy for me at times. But good for them!Dirty Chai latte....amazing..
4	Until today, I thought I had at least heard about most cool coffee shops around town. I was wrong because I had never heard of Echo and just happened to drive by a few days ago. Today I decided to stop in and was pleasantly surprised. I can't judge a coffee shop by coffee because I have never had a coffee in my life....so I judge it by its ambiance and its Chai Tea Lattes!!!! Yes I said Chai. This place has an amazing Chai! and I like the unique feel of the place. It seems like its a neighborhood coffee shop stuck in a corporate-type building/possibly the wrong building for this place. But it was still pretty cool. I'd go back. (and the couch is amazing)
4	My review is from January 2011, when I was working in Scottsdale (cannot believe I forgot to review). I had several great espressos and coffees at Echo Coffee.  The people  were very friendly and accommodating. Had a great time chatting with owner Steve about quality coffee and running a cafe.  Echo is a great space that feels very comfortable.  I will definitely return.
5	I went in for the first time on Sunday. I loved my Iced Latte and the service. The place is happening, and super cozy. I met the owner, Steve, and was super impressed! He is very friendly with the perfect dose of smarty pants :) I will definetly be back!!! Loved it!
1	Went there for the first time last week at the suggestion of the person I was meeting.  She got there early and had a salad before I arrived.  When I arrived she said it was not very good and didn't recommend the food so I just got iced tea and a muffin which was good.  My friend went up to get me a refill and told the person that her salad was not good.  His answer "sorry" and that was it.  He also told her he would have to charge her for another iced tea!  I've never been to a place where they don't give you free iced tea refills.  He had every opportunity to turn the situation around by offering my friend something else or a coupon for next time or not charging me for my tea - but he did none of that.  I wouldn't go back and neither would my friend.
2	Pros:  Free Wifi, lot's of outlets and seatingCons: Pretentious, doesn't seem to be community friendly, not very welcomingMy experience began when the owner gave me a funny look for wanting flavor in my coffee.  I later overheard him telling a customer that a flavor masks the true taste of coffee.  Seemed a little pretentious to me.The shop, while very large with lot's of seating, isn't very warm and inviting - both in terms of service and decor.  I felt like I had overstayed my welcome after working in the shop for a few hours (after buying food and coffee of course).The shop owner also was also kind of putting down Mac owners right in front of me, as I was working on my mac.  I asked if they had a place where community groups could put up posters about events, and was pretty instantly shot down.  I can understand not wanting to advertise all over your shop for other businesses, but to me it kind of goes against the grain of a local coffee shops to not support the community - I've seen more local flourish at a starbucks.My advice - this is a fine place to get some coffee and get some work done.  But personally, I would definitely look for another coffee shop before coming back here.
5	Love this place. Personally I like modern, contemporary styles of coffee shops. If you are looking for that atmosphere, you should try this amazing coffee place. People are super-friendly here, the latte tastes awesome.Last sunday, I tried the drip coffee, the taste of heaven. The most important thing! good place to read and study. I have been trying so much to find the coffee shop like here, this place was the best ever for myself in scottsdale/tempe/phoenix area.I will definitively return,, maybe on coming weekend?! :D
4	Echo Coffee is great! I would probably go there on a regular basis if I lived close enough.The coffee is delicious and well made.. and organic. I always feel good about myself when I eat/drink something organic.The people are great there and I love how they give those little cookies.. it makes it 10x better because at most coffee places you only get a coffee.Plus the coffee looks so beautiful when they hand it to you, I always have to wait a minute before I drink it just so that I can admire that beautiful coffee.
5	Lots of study space and the coffee was great!   Recommend the french press... the carafe is enough to keep you going all night!!
3	Good coffee and food!Baristas range from totally awesome to automatons.However, it's no secret that the music here is not only repetitive, but terrible. Everyone from baristas to customers tends to agree on this point, which is why you will see a sea of headphones if you look around. Seriously, one can only take so much Bjork, and any James Blunt at all is too much James Blunt, right?This probably doesn't help the community feel. It's rare to make friends here, since everyone is in their own audio zone.
5	This is the best coffee shop in the valley. It has great coffee that they roast in the shop. Also, it's not too loud, so a lot of people study in there. If you are looking for good drinks and a spot to write a paper, go here. Don't go to SB.
3	Stopped in for the first time and the atmosphere was nice. The girl up front was friendly and this feels like a place you want to be. I asked the girls what she likes because I didn't know what to get and I basically ended up with a carmel latte. It was good but I've had better. I'd come here over Starbucks for sure and they have a gluten free BLT on the menu I'm dying to try. Really deserves 3.5 stars.
3	Espresso: DecentFood: Oatmeal was good.  It was obviously microwaved - a little too much for my taste..Vibe: Drive here and hang out. New.WiFi: Yes - fast and freePlugs: ?.Soy Out?: No.Score: Good study vibe
3	First visit and I had a drip coffee and the tuna sandwich. Both were excellent. Sandwich though was borderline pricey @ $8.  Service was efficient and prompt. Ambiance was nothing special and had a very much starbucks feel. Overall impressions: not bad, not great
4	Excellent coffee drinks.  I got my mocha to go and they even took the time to make the cool foam design on it even though it was soon covered by the to-go top.  Very friendly staff and I was in and out in a flash.  What more could you want?Try:- Mocha
4	I discovered Echo Coffee a few weeks ago, and now I've been there twice. I had lunch once, and dessert once. Everything I've had was delicious. I love that the shop has tons of options for milk - I've never been anywhere else that offered almond milk, which is delicious. I had a sugar-free hazelnut macchiato with almond milk, and it was heavenly! Their coffee is very good. Food: what I've had was good, though the grilled cheese is a little overpriced. I will definitely repeat this at home - toasted bread with three types of cheese, including blue cheese, which is a brilliant idea. The chocolate-blueberry brownie is an absolute must-have, so definitely have it!Overall a great place to chill at lunchtime or after dinner. I will definitely be going back.
4	In the midst of the ubiquitousness of a Starbucks in every corner , it's nice that we do have coffee shops in our city with good coffee, a nice place to hang out with friends or alone with a book or laptop.It has both indoor and outdoor seating . Food selection could've been bigger. Still, all said and done ,  I hope we had more places like this in Scottsdale.
3	The coffee ain't bad but the owner really rubbed me the wrong way. I ordered an iced Americano and wanted a bit of vanilla syrup in it. The owner then gave me a look and went on about taking away from the true coffee taste. It looks like I am not the only one who has experienced this either. I'll be back simply because the coffee was pretty good and I like supporting local but will avoid the owner for fear of getting an inferiority complex.
4	I moved and needed a place to replace my go-to coffee place cause I like a good place for coffee if I have the time to enjoy, sit, and write. Found this place and I really like this place. The coffee is yummy and I like the vibe of the place. Didn't try the yumminess yet though.
4	Excellent coffee.  Good atmosphere; not great but good.  Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars.  Free WiFi which makes getting word done easy.
5	What can I say about Echo Cofffee that hasn't already been said?  I am a  frequent customer and I feel like I leave one home and then walk into my other home.  I absolutely love lovE loVE lOVE LOVE Echo Coffee.  I have never had a bad experience here and the baristas are my favorite.  The owner, Steve, is my favorite.  And the fabulous customers that come in are my favorite.  I have met so many great people at Echo Coffee.  And oh their menu is grand!  The great thing is everyone that works here is highly knowledgable about their products. It is a great place to meet for business or with family and friends.  I cannot find one negative comment anywhere in me!
5	The sandwiches here are really, really good. Sometimes I find myself in a coffee shop or lunch place that has a  salads/sandwich/soup based menu and find myself trying to figure out why more places don't try to be a little more original in their offerings. Echo Coffee has a couple great cold sandwiches and a couple great hot ones, and their pastries are all good too. Their lattes are smooth and perfect and float down your throat at just the right temperature. These people take coffee seriously and clearly love what they do, and it shows.
4	When I ask, "What kind of milks do you have?" and the barista responds, "WHAT DO YOU MEAN." I immediately think a) they only have one kind of milk and b) the barista hates me/milk/life.However, when I replied, "Like non-dairy milk options..." and she went, "Yeah! We have 1%, whole, skim, rice, almond, soy..." I was temporarily perplexed, but mostly just relieved. Not only was she totally friendly, but proceeded to chat up my friend and I, sharing funny anecdotes and sarcastically grand thoughts on the restaurant business. I would even go so far as to say she was downright awesome in those five minutes.I ordered an iced almond milk latte, which was also downright awesome, and the espresso was sweet and nutty (maybe a little bit like the barista)? Either way, I'll be back for more of both. And next time, I'll just ask for the almond milk.
5	I loved it here! The staff was super friendly and effecient. So far we've tried the Chai Tea Latte (heavenly), waldorf salad (perfect for a hot day), and their green tea. We love everything and we love Echo :D
5	Echo is a very friendly and relaxing place.  The staff is very helpful and both the food and coffee are excellent.  I strongly recommend this restaurant.
4	First time at Echo today - stopped in and grabbed a Latte.  REALLY good espresso.  Nice staff.  A pretty serious crowd - almost full - and everyone either working or studying.  Super glad that everyone is hanging there, but it was a bit library like with everyone working away and virtually no conversations going on.  Anyway - great caffeine - I'll be back.
4	So this is my local coffee shop.  There's something about this place, leaving the busy street outside to the absolutely chill vibe of Echo...maybe its just the thought that I'm about to enjoy some primo coffee.When I read Rachel's review of the place, it was almost deja vu, as I asked something similar, "What kind of milk do you have."  What followed was a list of possibly every milk possible, which caught me off guard and ended up just getting it black.  When I get flustered, who knows what to expect.There's always a good mix of people here, varying ages, but its always quiet enough to get work done, but not too quiet to seem weird.
5	This is my new favorite place!  Great coffee with fast and friendly service.  The music and ambiance is also very nice.
4	I like this place. Love the Latte's and the service.
3	They really take their coffee seriously. To the point that I felt guilty for putting milk and sugar in mine. But I should feel a little guilty. The coffee there is artful.  I was really enjoying the pleasant conversation with who seemed to be the owner. Until He made a comment that people of my "gender" are really bad at ordering coffee. Then immediately insulted my age. I was pretty taken aback since we were chummin it up until then.  Overall a great coffee joint, if you don't mind purchasing your cuppa joe from the coffee nazi
4	Great coffee shop featuring:- tasty espresso - beans roasted on site- ample parking- ample seating, indoor and out- free wifi - password 'titusblend'- good music, and not so loud it keeps you from concentrating- friendly staff- open until 10- food menu but sandwiches only served until 3 - after that it's pastries, cookies, etc.  (also a pizza place a few doors away.)- not all tables have access to electric- no live entertainment that I've seen, though they have held a barista contest and another event featuring Walter, the world's largest VW bus.
4	The espresso drinks are decent...on the smoother side, but not my fave. The iced almond milk chai, however, is absolutely phenomenal! It's cinnamon-y and sweet and unique. I've had it with soy milk before (when I hadn't realized that they offered almond milk) and it was very good, but with almond milk it was even more delicious! It's definitely not syrupy sweet, it's just the perfect balance of sweet and spice. The atmosphere is pretty cool, with many different seating areas, though it was tough to find a seat when I went. I'll definitely be back!
5	The coffee here is stellar. There really isn't much else to say besides this: order the coffee, it tastes really damn good.
2	Though their drip coffee is good, they don't offer refills even at a discount.  No drip coffee is worth $2.50 PER CUP!  Their service was "meh".  It took nearly 10 minutes to get a cup of drip coffee.  If they had to have brewed it, I could understand.  But he just pulled it out of one of those insulated pumps.  I also tried their cranberry scone which was good.  Not overly sweet as so many shops have a tendency to do, nor so dry it is like eating dust.  Overall a nice pleasant atmosphere.  But their overpriced coffee will keep me from coming back.
5	Love, love, love Echo coffee. The baristas are always super helpful (and patient when you don't know what you want.) They also always put a cute design on top... call me trivial. They have a variety of milks (whole/ half and half/ non fat/ soy/ almond) and do an awesome espresso pour. They roast all their beans in house. It is my favorite smell to walk into the door and they are roasting... it's intoxicating. The owner is super nice and when he is around always willing to answer questions about the roasting process, where they get their beans and any coffee inquiries you might just be wondering about. Always recommend this place to people if you're going to be in the area. *They do offer sandwiches and salads from 11-3 and have pastries all the time. Chill enough to go and grab a cup and hang out... can get a little crammed but most everyone there is really polite and will even share a table if you're up for it. Definitely worth a little drive if you're into checking new coffee houses out. Great hours, open 6a-10p every day!
5	I'm warning you. If, after I publish this review people start bombarding this cafe - thus making it impossible for me to enjoy it - you will be in big trouble. BIG TROUBLE!Having relocated from the SF bay area, I miss the local coffee shops I used to frequent. However, curiosity brought me over and I have been happy to have found this little gem ever since.Let's start with the coffee. My usual order is an iced latte (these days the weather just doesn't inspire me to try anything hot). The espresso is deliciously smooth and the milk just makes this creamy goodness one of the highlights of my day. (Note: I always order this with whole milk. Don't judge. I like a little junk in my trunk. Plus, I like seeing all the Scottsdale lululemon snobs gasp at my full fat drink. Alas, I digress....) A big plus is they offer drip coffee and French press coffee (things that are to me, very SF). The shop has a small coffee roaster, which tells me that this is why their coffee is so yummy.During my first visit, I told the gal behind the counter that I just moved to the area and she was so nice - giving a newbie advice on how to handle this insane weather is always a big plus in my book! Since then, every counter person I've ever run in to has been quite nice.Another thing I love is that the place is quiet enough so that I can get some good work done. Though it can get a little crowded at times, I've never had a problem getting a table. Yay!So AZ is definitely not Cali. But I'm adjusting. For now, I'm just happy I found a decent coffee joint!
5	I love Echo's coffee so much better than Starbucks or Coffee Bean. It just tastes better.
5	Echo Coffee is hands down my favorite coffee shop in Scottsdale! I go 4 or 5 times a week! The staff is always friendly and helpful, their music selection in rad, and their muffins and scones are out of this world delicious! I better go get a latte right now!
2	Don't get me wrong the coffee is great and there are a few stellar baristas working here.  However, the majority of the workers here are just not coffee shop people. They are not friendly, they don't smile or say hello, or ask me what they can get started for me.  I walk up to the counter and they just look at me and wait for me to start talking.  I often don't feel welcomed and although the coffee is always good, I just don't enjoy my experience here and it is totally because of the employees.
5	Close to the office. Way Cheaper than SBux!...There have never been more than 2 people in line when I come in, so I am not sure how to rate the speed of service. The music playing in the background is nice. Oh, I almost forgot! The Best thing about Echo is that the 'ToGo' cups do not leak all over my work shirt!!!
5	Almond milk latte is my new favorite thing in the world. And this coffee shop is my new go-to for a spot to study. Good internet strength, comfortable inside and out for lounging, working or eating lunch, and for the most part friendly and nice people behind the counter. Mostly mellow indie music playing, but not so loud that you couldn't tune it out with headphones. My dogs love to hang out on the patio while I work, and the staff are great, when they're not super busy they bring the dogs water and my drink out to me. This place gives Cartel a run for their money with good drip as well as espresso drinks. Good roasted blends available to bring home, though Cartel might have better beans for home brewing. Also, if you're going to be posted up for a long time, Pizza Re is basically right next door, and you can grab a slice real quick and come back and get back to work. Did I mention great ambiance?
5	This place is hip. Staff is very personable and friendly. Coffee makes me wish Starbucks was just a bad dream. A+
5	This coffee shop is so close to my place that I enjoy walking to it. They have great coffee and love how they make their drip coffee. They grind it for you and use the single use filters and individually make them per order. Their Chi is really good too! They are sustainable and use Eco friendly cups and if the order if for sit down they put their drink in glass tumblers. I love going to this place!
3	I like this place. I like the location and the fact that they have tea as well as coffee. Oh, and if you sit there they serve your drink in a real glass or mug. I like the comfy sofa and chairs at the far end, but if you want more of a work station they have that too. My complaint is the fact that they always seem understaffed. The last couple times I went here, there was only one girl working the whole shop! Poor thing was so busy making drinks that she had no time to clean up or do anything else. Consequently, it was a little dirty with coffee mugs and napkins left around.
3	I stopped in for a quick meeting here.  Perfect little neighborhood coffee shop.  $4 for a coffee, great pastries.  However, the regular clientele was very frightening.  I immediately discovered upon entry that ECHO must be the place where all of the hipsters in the East Valley gather when they are not out publicly complaining about everything in the world. Hipster Alert!  HIPSTER ALERT!!!
4	Quaint. Relaxed. Casual. I wish this review was for my dentist but it's not. Great place to chill with compadres, take in a book or do some computer work. Free WiFi so, "WiFi" not? See what I did there? Ahem. Personally, I recommend any of the iced beverages because they are tasty. The hot stuff is pretty freaking satisfying as well. Must stop in sometime. If I'm in there, you can make fun of my hair.
5	I like it. They have good coffee and great food. The wifi is strong and it's cozy. It's a very comfortable spot to get work done. A lot of coffee shops have turned into pick up joints or high school hang outs. This is just a nice indie coffee shop like you see in LA and the parking is plentiful  My only complaint is that lunch items are not served in the evening or late afternoon.
4	Coffee roasted on site - Sunday afternoons. Good coffee, usually quiet atmosphere. very nice staff. sanwiches are a bit over priced, but taste good. Focus on the coffee and you will do well. Have gotten alot of work done here and have held many meetings outside.
3	I'd like to start out by saying that Echo has some truly exquisite coffee. Anytime I feel like blowing a small paycheck on coffee, I come by to treat myself. If you are coming in for a single serving (drip, latte, americano etc), their prices are pretty comparable. But God forbid you are looking to buy whole bean. Then you will be paying upwards of $20/lb. The owner claims this is cheaper than any place in town but I have yet to find a place that has charged me more for beans. Anyway, will I continue to get my coffee here occasionally, probably. It is good. Is it "that" good to make me a regular my response is "It's coffee, not ridding the world of global hunger"As for the coffee snobbery reports in previous reviews?? I wrote a nice email saying how much I love love loved their coffee, and simply asked if they would consider reducing the price of beans a little so I could buy them more often and here is the email I received back, you be the judge:"Regarding our prices, in the marketplace, for the quality of coffee we offer, we are one of the lower prices in town. Countering this, my wholesale costs increased by 80% on green coffee last year, and accordingly my  margins eroded substantially.  I was able to contain most of that cost increase, with a slight 5% increase in my whole bean coffee prices. In comparison, I know of no other product I routinely buy where the business owner was able to absorb such a huge price increase, and not pass on more to the consumer (imagine that happening to milk or gas). So here's the thing: specialty coffee, like I use and sell at Echo is expensive.  Only 5% of all coffee produced in the world is good enough to be considered specialty coffee, and that's all I use.  That other 95% costs substantially less. Sure, I could switch to this inferior product, so that I could charge you less, but it wouldn't taste as good. Anyway, I regret I can't charge you less. Truth be told, what you are asking me to do is very close to just giving it away. As much as I'd like you to drink my coffee, Echo is trying to be a for profit company (a goal we have yet to achieve)."Thanks Steve. A simple "I wish you could but I'm sorry, great coffee is really expensive" would've done the job. I appreciate you making me feel like crap.
5	Personable staff, great musical selections between 7am-12pm and 7pm-10pm, free wi-fi, and damn good drip. This place is sure to become a staple in anyone's weekly routine.
3	Echo is okay as far as independent coffee is concerned.I've had a hazelnut latte with almond milk, a regular latte, hot chai and iced chai. The middle two were really good. The hazelnut latte somehow did not taste like anything, and the iced chai I got today was also extremely weak and flavorless... I watched the girl pour in an entire cup of milk so I'm not sure how much of that was tea or the chai mix. They use a LOT of ice, which seems like they're trying to water it down almost.I dunno, but if I'm going to order frou-frou coffee drinks, they should taste like the excessive flavors and sugar I'm paying for. Ya dig?On the monetary note, $4.50 for an iced chai was pretty steep.Also, I asked for a cup of water today and she just handed me a cup full of ice with a lid. I felt pretty stupid asking "Wait, where's the water?" so I looked around for maybe a DIY spigot deal, but there wasn't one. I'm still really confused.My friend says the black tea is really good, and it's a cute little shop though, and a pleasant place to hang out in with local newspapers and art to read and of course, wi-fi, so 3 stars it is.
3	So here is the deal with Echo,Their coffee is great. However the baked goods are sparse and very overpriced just like the whole beans that he sales. Point is that yes, there are much superior beans offered here in AZ. My two favorites are Single Speed Roasters and  Cortez Coffee , Cartel is awesome As well. The best part is they don't overcharge! Look, I love my whole beans from local roaster. I even buy beans from roasters in CA. When on surfing trips.  Sorry to say the vibe can suck like most of the so called art on the wall. But, for a good cap and a random overpriced treat it fits the bill. FYI: don't bother asking the owner for much in the way of info. He thinks his place is a God send to us local coffee and treat lovers, however he misses the big picture of what it takes to be a true mecca for those who seek quality, flavor and culture all in the name of coffee. Perhaps a bit of focus on the culture that is catered to would render a "For Profit" establishment rather than scratching at the surface of identity and success.
5	Echo Coffee is hands down the finest coffee shop in the valley! Its absolutely my favorite for a number of reasons. Megan and Ayla are phenomenal baristas! Their award winning drip coffee is something special and their mochas and Americanos are to die for. The atmosphere is perfect for students & professionals as they have fast internet, great music (especially when Ayla is there) and great coffee. I can honestly say that Echo Coffee was apart of my recent completion of my MBA. Thanks Echo and thanks Ayla & Megan for being apart of my life.
5	This is where I go to study or use the wifi. The music is not super loud and every one seems really chill. I'm not a huge coffee drinker. I usually just get an iced tea, but it's good. I come here like every other week or once a week to get stuff done!
2	Went here for quick lunch.. Ouch- my $7.5 salad had CANNED pears. "Fresh" and "from scratch," Echo online menu? Not so much! Very disappointed. Wouldn't come back as all other times weren't positively memorable either. I love supporting local business (especially when coffee is involved), yet I am left anticipating higher quality when it comes to food AND customer service. Is that too much to ask, Echo?
5	Echo coffee is the best in Scottsdale! The atmosphere is great and the baristas are really nice. I like their scones a lot too! I'd highly recommend it.
4	A coffee shop that is clean and perfect place to study. Finally!
4	Everything at Echo Coffee is roasted in house on Tuesday.  That's how fresh it is.  Kona special right now is awesome.
4	A strong 4.5. (Yelp? Where are the halfsies?) I love this place. Great coffee, good food, great service all wrapped up in wifi and a super cool, large space - with parking!!!There for a working lunch with my business partner, it was the ideal spot. We both had sandwiches. Partner had tuna, I had chicken pesto. I'd give mine a solid B (I'm pretty opinionated about my pesto...) - bread was fresh, chicken moist, red peppers were raw on a hot sandwich which would have been okay if they were thinly sliced. Pesto was plentiful but not quite spot on for me. I can't speak to the tuna - partner enjoyed it in its entirety. Brewed coffee was delish. Service, awesome. We both said we would come back. And bonus points to echo's owner who thanked us as we left. Ahhh the humanity.
3	Wow the coffee is superb, there's no doubt about that! I got an iced dirty chai with rice milk (they were out of almond milk. Bummer). Hubby got a cappuccino. Excellent execution and flavor.But I just don't feel comfortable here. Service, while not rude, was not warm and definitely not friendly. I walked up to the counter and the guy basically stared at us. It was awkward.I also feel like it's overpriced. My regular sized drink was $5.25! We usually like to chat a bit with the baristas or owners about their coffee and what not, but we were just not digging the vibe of this place. Maybe because we had our kids with us that we kind of got the cold shoulder? It's not like we were staying and hanging out. I don't know. Coffee 5 stars for sure. But customer service/atmosphere I give that 1-2 stars.
3	Along with Cartel, this is one of my favorite coffee shops in the area.  It is slightly less hipster and a bit more relaxed than some other places, with good coffee and a wonderful staff.  Comfortable, high ceilings, decent acoustics, and plenty of tables, couches, and chairs to work, chat, or watch.
3	I used to live right down the street from here and I would stop in to get an iced dirty soy chai on the way to work. They make an amazing one, but it is really expensive for a small drink. Free WiFi is nice.
4	I came here with my wife to meet up with a friend.I walk in and think this place is pretty neat. It's  got a good feel to it and the barista was very nice. I had an Americano -- one of the best I've had in awhile. It's out of the way for me, but if I'm ever in the area I would totally go back!
5	I live this place. Even their standard roast is amazing. I am here maybe two to three times a week! Got to also love their French press roast... Also they are open until 10 pm every night!
5	I love their espresso! I usually prefer my coffee beverages to have a significant amount of milk to balance out the bitterness, but at Echo, I can drink an Americano without anything in it. It's sweet and smooth; very easy to drink. I love that they do offer milk alternatives other than soy. I occasionally get a bit of almond milk in my Americano. The staff is always nice and personable. I don't feel like I have to be super hip to go in there. And they have a tasty vanilla poppy seed muffin, which I'm sure means all the other pastries and breads are wonderful as well.
4	Well it's an nice place. I wouldn't say I'm a huge fan, but since Yelp still doesn't allow half stars (seriously Yelp, do something about it!), 4 stars it is. I was meeting a friend for a laid back Sunday afternoon coffee. I have never been here before, and I always like exploring new places. Atmosphere inside was good, although little too quiet. Don't get me wrong, there was music playing, but everyone was so into their iPads and Macs that I was afraid to talk without half whispering. There is couple of tables outside and eventually we moved there. I like that barista/owner brought the coffee to our table which was a nice touch.Coffee is very good. They offer soy, almond and rice milk also. I still take mine with just plain ol' cow's milk, but I thought that was a nice touch for all those coffee hipsters. There is variety of pastry, looked good but I haven't tried any. However, it is pricey, so if you're in the mood to spend money on good coffee, this is you place.I live way far from Echo Coffee, but if I am in that area again, I will probably stop by (provided I'm not in frugal mood)
1	Maybe I'll delete this when Echo uses their website to accurately depict when lunch is served.I walk in at 2:06 under the wild impression that lunch is served until 3 ("First, the lunch menu is offered from 11am to 3pm" - echo website) and am informed the kitchen closes at 2. I promptly feel like an ass hat for bothering to do my homework, but am too hungry to question it. Rather than seeing if they can find the virtue in their hearts to push the newly established limit by six minutes, I high tail it out as fast as my car can get me to D'lish. Disappointment can often be remedied by a good tuna sandwich, but I wanted that disappointment to be nonexistent and that good tuna sandwich to be from Echo. Life is hard sometimes... this does not need to be one of those times. Update the interweb page, y'all.
5	I'm a huge fan of both the drip coffee and the espresso at Echo.  The espresso drinks are truly a work of art and the little shortbread cookie they come with make it extra special.  They also have some great baked goods (morning glory, zucchini & blueberry, banana breads) and some fresh salads on the menu.  Oh, and their 'Best Darned Grilled Cheese' on sourdough is very, very yummy.While I've been coming here periodically since they first opened over 3 years ago, the real reason I'm writing this review is because over the past three months or so, I've been spending a significant amount of time at Echo.  Because I was preparing for an upcoming professional exam, I was studying every evening from 7pm to 10pm after work and Echo was my go-to source of caffeine and free WiFi.  Over those three months, I can honestly say the staff was genuinely friendly every single visit and the coffee never failed me.  I feel very lucky to have a great local coffee shop like Echo near me and urge everyone to give it a try.  You won't regret it.
3	I wish I'd ordered a latte after seeing other people's reviews and pictures. I ordered a nonfat iced chai. It smelled a bit like older milk, but wasn't awful.The shop is really large with a decent amount of seating, but very few outlets. You also need to get there pretty early if you want a seat because it seems like there are a lot of regulars who come early and claim a spot. There was a good mix of seating - stools at the bar, couches, arm chairs, and tables with wooden chairs.Overall, nice atmosphere but again, the lack of outlets was a big issue since I was there to study for a few hours. It would have been perfect for hanging out with a friend.
5	My second office!! Great place to get some work done and their coffee is amazing!! Specially cappuccino.
4	Compelled to write an interview after 15 visits. I just finished a delicious piece of Quiche. Perhaps the best I've ever had. Even the crust was delicious. I've been coming to Echo ever since I ended up in the Phoenix Valley recovering from injuries following a traumatic fall. I've come in with my wheelchair, walker, and now a cane and I've found the place to be handicap friendly and the staff help me out. The bathroom door is a bit heavy to push in a wheelchair. The only thing keeping me from the fifth star is that there is not a pitcher of water and cups set out. After finishing a delicious entree, coffee does little to quench the thirst.
5	Nice and cozy place to work in early morning and late evening. and very friendly staffs :)
5	I just love the atmosphere. The Staff is very friendly and very knowledgeable. I've never had anything on the menu that wasn't spectacular and I'm kind of a coffee snob so it's great to go to a place you can count on quality product all across the board!
3	Too loud again!  Is like a disco in here.  Is this a nightclub?  Was having a relaxing time here until the music got loud.  I used to go here twice a week.  But haven't been back in months.  Just got too annoyed with not being able to hear myself think in there.  Great coffee.  Decent baked goods.  Once I saw the staff made themselves great looking sandwiches that they ate in front of me, so I asked to order one and was told I couldn't.
3	They roast their own espresso and the bags smelled great but the place itself didn't have a distinct smell. Kind of disappointing, they must have an amazing air flow system. A lot of vegan bakery options, but since I'm not into that, there wasn't much for me here. My chocolate chip muffin was pretty good, though. My latte wasn't that great - I should have gone with a mocha. Overall, a typical local coffee place that caters to the hip.
5	Comfy seating, quiet atmosphere, amazing coffee, and cool music selection makes me happy!!!  Stoked to be here!
5	The coffee and pastries are amazing. They prepare lattes and macchiatos the original way without using sugary syrups to mask the flavor. Perfect Sunday homework spot.
2	Awkward vibe! Not to friendly customer service either. I waited 10 minutes for just a regular coffee. It's like all the staff had no communication. Food is pretty good.
4	Solid, well rounded coffee shop. Echo has a super friendly atmosphere and caters to everyone. I love that they make all pastries in house, and they are awesome (and well priced!). One thing I love is that my wife and I can go to echo and both get something we prefer. They serve both classic dark, bold roasts as well as bright, flavorful single origin roasts that cater to coffee lovers like me.They also have friendly service and good music (that isn't too loud).
2	Inefficient and my latte was all milk and what seemed like 1 shot of espresso. For a large that's entirely too little coffee. If you're looking to sit down and stay a while, this might be a good cafe to do so. If you are looking for a quick cup to go, you may want to look somewhere else.
3	This is really 3.5 stars, but that's not really an option, so....I was there all day, so I sampled a few different things on the menu. First I had a CAPPUCCINO that was decent. I had a better one at The Coffee Bean earlier in the week, though.  Next I had the PEAR AND WALNUT SALAD.  For a place that has a mantra "Fresh. Local. Organic.," this salad was way off the mark.  The pears were clearly canned (blech!) and the balsamic dressing was the consistency of BBQ sauce. I'm guessing high fructose corn syrup is a main ingredient. :/  It's served over romaine, which is admittedly better than iceberg, but seriously? Where is the spinach, or at least 50/50 blend?  The chicken also had an odd taste to it. The salad wasn't gross, it just wasn't that good, especially coming out at $10.50 (chicken is $1.75 add-on). Wouldn't be so harsh if the place didn't have "fresh and local" as a selling point. Finally, I had the DRIP COFFEE, which is definitely worth trying! It's flavorful and each cup is done individually.  I also, like other reviewers, felt guilty adding cream. (It's just how I take my coffee, okay?!)The baristas were friendly.  The place is A-OK. Caution: Come with your laptop charged if you plan to do work. There are very few outlets.
5	Perfect iced coffee equals instant 5 stars from me.  Smooth enough to not necessitate any cream or anything!  I've also had a really delightful warm vanilla latte there.  The vibe of this place is very quiet and it has the best wi-fi I've encountered at a coffee shop.  Seating is a bit limited because it's been full of people every time I've been there.  It's really far out of my way but is worth the drive in my opinion.  In terms of the pastries I haven't tried much, there are a lot of vegan options which is cool.  I want to try a sandwich sometime but the window is very limited (like noon to 3 PM) and they're also really expensive.  Maybe someday I'll give it a shot.
4	I've driven by this coffee shop a couple of times and was finally able to go today. It was really cute on the inside and the staff was very, very nice. I got their drip coffee and a chocolate chip muffin. The coffee was really good, but to be honest, I'm not a HUGE coffee snob so I don't know how trustworthy my opinion is. What's really cool is that they roast their own beans and sell them which I love because anything local is lovely. Although I'm not a coffee snob, I do LOVE food. Their muffin (which they make themselves) was yummy. It was a little too sweet for my taste because they sprinkle sugar on the top, but the inside was nice and fluffy and they put a TON of chocolate chips inside which I definitely was a fan of. It was actually so big that I took it home for 2nd dessert :)I do want to try their lunch and latte one day. I love lattes a lot-ay (ha...) and was jealous when I saw other people getting it. I'll definitely be back!
5	Let's just say I've also had a few CAPPUCCINOS here at Echo, and if anyone thinks they could get a better one at Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf, they should probably go have their taste buds examined by a medical professional. Freshly roasted, quality beans, excellent customer service, award winning latte artistry and a high standard for craftsmanship and technique make Echo stand out amongst a sea of fast-food caliber shops in the valley. Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf??? ... go back home and pop a K-Cup!
5	Awesome place to get a really yummy cup of coffee and do some work (free wifi & lots of tables). The interior reminds me of Starbucks, which is a compliment in my book. There are outdoor tables, indoor tables, bar stools, and sofa seating. The people working there are really nice and will bring your coffee to your table if you're staying. The thing I love most is the standard cup of joe is an amazing cup of freshly ground pour-over coffee and it is absolutely perfect. Smoky, thick, hot, and delicious. It's miles ahead of normal drip coffee. Thinking about it makes me want to drive over there for some.
5	Fast and reliable WiFi, great coffee, comfortable chairs and tables.This is my favorite coffee shop in the valley.Love it.
1	Wow. Really bummed. I've been here a few times to study and overall had a decent experience. This morning I stopped in for an iced chai and decided to try their food for the first time. Aweful! I ordered a vanilla poppyseed muffin and it was dry and tasteless. I told the guy behind the counter, so he took the muffin and threw it away. After a few awkward seconds I asked for a refund. He siad he could get me something else, but couldn't refund $2.75 for a muffin. I thought he was joking and laughed, then he said, "No I'm serious. My system doesn't do that." I asked for the owner or manager's email and he curtly told me it was on the website. Sad to have such bad food and service!
5	Some of the best coffee you will put in your mouth around Scottsdale!  They even give the hardcore hipster places in Downtown Phoenix a good run for their money too!  The staff is always pleasant to deal with, and they know what the hell they're talking about, go Echo!
5	So it's taken a few years for really good coffee places to get a foothold in Phoenix.  This is one of the best.  Great coffee - excellent cappuccinos and baristas that know the art of good coffee.  Also very good quality naked good.  Blueberry muffins are delish!
5	This place is probably my favorite coffee in AZ. The people working are very friendly and helpful. They have a nice food selection, not the best but nothing more than I expect. I would probably come more if they had breakfast sandwiches. Anyway, the place is great, the coffee fires you up as good coffee should and the people watching us above average being situated at the corner of Thomas and 68th. Enjoy!
5	Visiting echo coffee for the first time today was a very pleasant experience. The expert craftsmanship of the Batista's working there produced by far the best tasting Americano I have ever had the good fortune to taste. The coffee bar itself is fresh, clean, spacious, furnished well and smartly decorated. I would definitely recommend echo coffee to anyone and everyone who loves americano's.
5	When you order a coffee, it is ground fresh for your order.  Nice touch.  The quality of their beans really stands out.  Atmosphere is quite comfortable - good seating and not cramped.  Good background music.
5	This week my quest for the perfect coffee shop experience took me to Echo. I like the trendy name, every time I told someone I was going there I felt very exclusive. I'm a dork. :)  I like the big patio with with lots of big chairs. I walked in and was instantly in love. They have big metal shelves right when you walk in that have books on them. Not like lame books no one would ever want to read but actual, recent, best sellers books. The counter was nice n clean with melittas sitting there ready to brew. If you knew me you'd know that I am a sucker for alternate brewing methods and Melittas are some of my very favorite. The woman ordering when I walked in was geeking out over the coffee girl's awesome hair and I stood back, relaxed and listened. I'm always open to tips on hair color. The hipster poster child barista asked me if he could get something started for me with a nice, warm, welcoming smile. I ordered a cappuccino, warm, in a for here mug. In fact, the rave reviews of their cappuccinos are what brought me here in the first place. When I walked up to pay the girl asked if I'd worked in coffee. Busted. She said she could tell by the way I ordered my cup. I'll take it. Enough of the awesome people behind the counter. Let's talk about the cup. Beautiful latte art aside, the cappuccino was a little wetter than I like them to be. It didn't quite have the texture of melted ice cream like it should. Okay, I'm being picky. The cappuccino was great, the people were great. I'm not saying this is the end of my search but I will be visiting again.
5	Swallowed my pride, as well as lunch at Echo... Man, was that tuna sandwich worth the wait. That's not a sentence I say more than like, once a decade.Apricots, apple cider dressing, avocado... What would I do for a Klondike bar? Far fewer things than I would for this sandwich. Well done, Echo, I tip my hat to thee.
5	Best coffee in the area. I have some friends and family who always request to come here when in town. They make their pastries, and their scones are scrumptious. Love their loose leaf tea selection, for time I'm not I. The coffee mood. Big fan.
5	Great atmosphere. I love coming here to study or read, they always have good music. The coffee is local and organic, and their latte art is so great! Food is delicious as well.
4	This is a great location to grab a caffeine boost during the day or on the way to work. It's conveniently located if you're in the Old Town area and the service is quick. The coffee is pretty good too. Mine didn't have an overwhelming taste; it was pretty smooth and subtle. I ordered a flat white (my favorite - no, it's not an espresso or a no-foam latte) and they whipped it up without much hesitation. The only drawback of this establishment is that the seating is kind of awkward, crowded and uncomfortable. It is nice that they have some plush seating if you can snag some property lol
3	Open architecture which is nice. Pretty quiet setting. Quite a few people hanging out for the long term study session. I had coffee there with a friend and got a decaf pour over drip coffee and a gluten free chocolate chip peanut butter bar. The coffee was too acidic for me. I drank about 3/4 of the cup but by the time I got to that point, I was not enjoying the flavor.  The bar was very good.
1	Coffee was warm, not hot like most coffee shops.  Taste was okay. Server had hubcaps in his ears~ but cool. Said he'd bring it to me. Then a girl yells out "regular coffee" and sat it on the counter. No room for cream.  So good place for stoners to hang out I guess. The place was clean.  Maybe just a bad day. How much trouble is a up of Joe.....
5	Atmosphere, service, amazing coffee... it's all there at Echo. I went around 2:30 and it wasn't too crowded, the noise level was low but enough that it was a good stimulating environment. The barista was super nice and friendly and great energy. I ordered a iced caramel latte and there was barely a wait. This was probably the best latte I ever had. And I'm usually not a latte person. But this latte was wonderful.The atmosphere is great- there are fun places to sit ( everything from tables to couches and a patio). It has a very open feel to it, and there is cool art and books and what not. I cannot wait to go back again and try some more. I think I'll be a regular there from now on.
3	After a few visits, my feelings are mixed for Echo coffee. What I like about Echo coffee is that they roast their own coffee beans in house, offer a variety of different non-milk options (soy, almond milk) and have plenty of comfortable places to sit and work or relax while enjoying a beverage. They have couches, chairs, and plenty of tables inside not to mention seating outside when the weather permits. Also great that they offer free wi-fi and there's a good number of outlets available inside to work. What I don't like about Echo is the hipster, "I'm too cool to care" attitude of some of the baristas. Now, don't get me wrong - some are quite friendly - but on several occasions I've encountered male baristas that really didn't seem to give 2 cents about my satisfaction as a customer. For example, I had a great cappuccino one visit and returned a few weeks later to enjoy another delicious cap - only it was really not tasty AT ALL. I added sugar and then finally swallowed my pride and told the barista that I hate to complain but the cappuccino is stronger and tastes differently from what I had before. Rather than offering to re-make the drink, he argued wth me and told me I probably had a latte last time. Which is funny, because I took a photo of the drink so I knew it wasn't a latte and explained this. Anyway..he offered to add vanilla syrup and called it a day. Not impressed. I want to support a local business and love that y'all roast your own coffee beans, but c'mon..get it together! Be nice to your customers and they'll happily return. Maybe my expectations are too high, but I think you should serve a great coffee drink every time not just when you feel like it.
5	Delicious coffee. Comfortable seating and free wifi. Prices are the same as Starbucks but it's a local business which helps keep money in the valley. Meets all my needs!
5	This is by far my favorite coffee spot! Organic coffee with a wide variety of options to choose from. They also serve a few lunch items and baked goods, which are all great! The atmosphere is very relaxed even though the place is often packed. I'm not a coffee drinker per say, but I enjoy iced coffee. Everyone is super friendly working here. Service is quick and on point. There are times when they will now see me pulling up and have my order waiting for me. The brew of ice coffee is super strong and tastes so good I drink it plain and without additional flavoring or with a little Stevia and it's great! U cannot compare the quality of coffee to anywhere else especially their iced coffee brew. I highly recommend this place to anyone who enjoys coffee.
3	I'm a big coffee drinker (at least a cup a day), but that being said I'm not much of a coffee "snob." Sure there's some places I like better than others, but I'm perfectly fine w/espresso over ice from Starbucks or *gasp* coffee from Dunkin Donuts. That's probably why I'm not blown away by Echo Coffee. Sure, I like local coffee shops like this. Even though I only stopped in for an iced coffee to go, the place seemed to be a nice spot to hang out at. I liked the high ceiling, the "open" atmosphere, and the plenty of seating that they offer, but quite honestly, the coffee was just okay. Maybe I'm just used to the "cheap stuff" (I DO drink Dutch Bros. at least 2-3x/wk), but the coffee here just tasted a bit acidic. I don't have an issue with this place charging a bit more compared to chains, but at the end of the day, I'd rather pay a little less for coffee I like better. The baristas here are friendly, though. I came in wearing a Berkeley hat, and I chatted it up w/an employee from the Bay Area for a few minutes who was very nice.
5	By far the best iced coffee in the area. Very friendly staff, awesome environment to hang out or work in. Love this place
5	Fantastic art, great coffee, nice chill atmosphere. The pastries and coffee are amazing ! Such a great authentic coiffed spot in this area. Great for socializing and studying
4	Echo is right around the corner from my house. I'm not a big coffee drinker so I stop in only a few times a month. The atmosphere is hipster chic like pretty much every other coffee place in the area. The staff is friendly and the service is usually pretty quick. I like supporting a local biz so I always prefer coming here over Starbucks. They make a bomb Chai Latte and I love they have almond milk as a diary substitute.My only complaint is they only offer two sizes and the large isn't very big. Maybe it's the fat American in me but sometimes I want a monster sized coffee and can't get that here. Great coffee but gimme more!
4	I came here to try to get some work done one day because the hotel room was just starting to give me cabin fever. I am glad I found this place because they're open late, serve food, are friendly, have great wifi and plugs EVERYWHERE ... and make excellent coffee.I admit the latte art wasn't blowing me away, but I like that they serve a little snack with your coffee like a lot of European coffee shops do. Their lattes are pretty smooth and for the most part good except the foam to coffee ratio was a little ridiculous. The cafe is dark, so if you come in the evening hours, just make sure your eyes can adjust to your bright screen and the dim-ness around you. They have indoor lighting but for some reason its super weak.I like that the parking is easy, it is located near an intersection, on a major street, and there is plenty of indoor and outdoor seating available. Recommended for coffee snobs!
4	I've been making an effort to explore more coffee shops in the Tempe area to study. I found this place after a few study-friendly reviews.The shop itself is pretty spacious, a good deal of tables, wifi, and a slew of couches to make yourself comfortable and grade papers, do homework, keep up with your wordpress/squarespace, etc. (Yeah, it's a hip place.) They also have a few art pieces from local artists which I appreciate.I arrived on a Saturday afternoon and there weren't too many people inside. The baristas didn't greet customers, which I thought was a little weird. He just stared at me. It was a little awkward. We'll chalk it up to him being an introvert like me.But sheesh was that latte good. The roast is impressive- not too acidic, and the temperature wasn't scalding hot. Some may argue that the price was a little steep for a latte, but I reason that it's because it's some primo roast. In addition they have a lot of non-dairy options which I loved. Soy milk, almond milk, even rice milk. All in all- good coffee, study-friendly. Will definitely come again.
4	I always order chai tea because I'm not a coffee drinker. 5 stars for the chai, 4 stars for the pastries. I've ordered a couple different ones and haven't been impressed. Pleasant and quiet atmosphere but nothing that really stands out. All of the employees are nice!
3	Only came here once. Everything was satisfactory. I didn't try anything they had which was a specialty to them, so that's why only 3 stars. Wasn't blown away by anything, but I will come back if I am in the area, and would love to up the stars  on this review :)
4	Awesome local spot without the hipster pretentious attitude. The beans are amazing - I usually keep their in house Titus beans stocked at my house. The baked goods are to die for and worth all the calories. They are usually piping hot and fresh, too. I usually go for the Americano with some added agave syrup and a hot scone. Only downside is one or two of the baristas can be a bit slow-mo but it's worth the wait.
5	Great handcrafted coffee. Very personable staff and their pastries are home made. Delicious cranberry scone that was still warm
4	Good coffee, stable internet - Nice staff though "New age" "good energy"  and astrology vibe and talk is staple of conversation. Several Power outlets.
5	Great cappuccinos and drinks and the best study environment. The staff are also very friendly. If you have alot of work and need a good place to focus then I deffentily recommend echo.
