5	I fully agree with Jan, this place was great. Their prices are very low (My bf and I had almost a full 16 oz cup with a few toppings each and it was under 6 dollars), the staff are warm and friendly, the decor is not tacky at all. I was really impressed with this place. It's much better than the Sheridan's across the street. The flavors taste exactly like what they're supposed to taste like... not like some powdered garbage. Turns out the owners here also own the Evos up the street and had heard about my review I had previously written here on yelp. I was invited back to try them again. (My review was written based on an experience from when they first opened) I've edited my current review for their other company to reflect that, and with how kind and courteous they are, I'll definitely be returning here, as well as giving their sister company a second chance. Bring your laptops to U-Swirl and check out their Wi-Fi!Also found out they'll be rotating out their flavors on a regular basis, along with including seasonal flavors, such as peppermint for Xmas and pumpkin for Halloween. I recommend the peanut butter and banana swirl flavors.
2	Dragged my cousin to U-Swirl to try the "great frozen yogurt" and I didn't really like it... By the time I paid for the yogurt, I had less yogurt than I would get at Golden Spoon and a higher price. The Peanut butter frozen yogurt wasn't fat free but I tried it, just to see if it was as good as Golden Spoon, but it wasn't.  I hate to give bad reviews, but U-swirl is not worth the money.... If they lower the price, and get some better flavors,  I would consider going back...
4	One of our nursing classmates told my friends and I about this place, and we were having one of those nights where we felt like eating...so we stopped at like two different places for dinner..and ended up here last for dessert...It is a great business idea, for sure. There is only really one person working there, who is the cashier, and possibly the manager in the back who helps refill everything and watches over the whole process. As for the yogurt, there are about 16 different flavors of frozen yogurt like mango tart (my fave), banana, strawberry, rootbeer float, pistachio, toffee, chocolate, etc. YUM YUM! There is a huge variety of toppings from fruits, cereal, candies like M & M's, oreo cookies, nuts, cookie dough, brownies, mochi, etc. It was so hard to choose! I had to get all of my faves!You get to put however much you want in their containers. It's 36 cents per ounce. They usually subtract 11 cents for the container for your total. For however much you get in those containers, it is definitely inexpensive and worth the money!Great place for yogurt! I'm craving again...I would be giving them 5 stars, but they didn't have my favorite: green tea...
4	Ugh!!! This is now my new obsession!! For 36 cents/oz, you have the freedom to put however much yogurt you want and however much topping you want!! I almost wet my pants last night when I saw the mochi on the topping counter!! MMmmmm...their banana, cookies and cream, and cheesecake flavors are YUMMMY!! Their strawberries were sweet and the blueberries were fresh! I love this place.  I agree with Rachel D., -1 for not having green tea!!I think I wanna go back tomorrow! =)
5	OMG...yummy yogurt!  We were actually trying to find the Sheridan's Frozen Custard Yogurt and passed by U-Swirl.  It definitely caught my eye but we went to Sheridan's anyway (You can also check out my review).  We decided to share something small so we could still check out U-Swirl (CLam, you are going to LOVE this place!  Esp their logo!). Lots and Lots of choices!  I wish I could remember it all but yes, 16 flavors.  First you pick you cup size (2 sizes, I think) and you "swirl" your own yogurt!!!  I mixed the mango tart, strawberry, and cheesecake yogurt!  They have a variety of toppings (fruits, nuts, candy, sprinkles, mochi balls, chocolate syrup, etc) and whipped cream!  I went for the blueberry, raspberry, and mango.  After you're done, you just weigh and pay.  It's 36 cents per oz!  Careful if you bring kids because they can go crazy and pile up a lot of sugar!  Hey, but it is fun to do!!! They also have water and soda (from a soda fountain) for under a dollar.U-Swirl recently opened up and is the only one around at the moment.  I guess I would drive the distance for something very good.  Great atmosphere when you walk in.  Some lounge seats and other tables and chairs around.  There is outdoor seating too but it was way too hot.  Lots of parking.  Across the street from Trader Joe's and KMart.
3	I could never cheat on Red Mango again.  I really only like the Tart any who.
3	I got a little out of control at this place.  The cups are sooo big and they have so many flavors.  Somehow I felt the need to try mango, tart, strawberry & chocolate combined, banana, lime and cheesecake, all in the same cup.  Then I topped it with snow caps, mochi and coconut.  The toppings were fun but cramming so many flavors into one cup my creation ended up tasting like nasty body spray.  It was a grievous error to incorporate so many flavors in one cup.  I should have thrown it out and started from scratch or driven down the street to Red Mango.  I like the concept but lack the necessary self control this place requires.
5	16 different flavors of frozen yogurt! Just about any toppings you can imagine including mochi balls. Yeah it sounds weird. BUT YOU HAVE TO TRY IT!! At 36 cents per ounce who could ask for more! I swirled mango, mint, and vanilla. Toppings include strawberries, blueberries, blackberries, mango, mochi balls, and waffle bits. OMG! SOOO guud especially on a super hot day.  Can I share with you I went back the next day with my friend "da nutt" Swirled mango and mochi balls. A toast to mango and mochi balls!!
4	The first time I came in here, the place was a bit busy.  16 Flavors, and you pay by the oz.  I guess that's what's attracting about the place.   That and the fact that the yogurt is good.  Not icy like other places.  A very smooth texture.  Not too tart which I like.  There seems to be plenty of seating.  It's a lot better than the places with only two flavors.
5	Damn you U Swirl...... you got me!!!!!!! I am officially addicted! like...Hi my name is Deana, I am a U-Swril addict, and I need help!!!I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place, to the point that i dont even want to eat anything else except frozen yogurt! Its Vegas, 100+ degrees outside and if my body could sustain itself on this stuff alone i would eat nothing else..They have 15 non-fat flavors, and 1 low-fat flavor (peanut butter) to choose from and all the toppings your lil heart desires! Although since i find myself here 3 to 4 times a week as of present, i am trying to hold off on the topping and just get the yogurt. I do get about 4 like pieces of chocolate chip cookie dough and mix those 4 pieces in so i do get i surprise in a few of my bits but other than that i am trying to be good! My favorite flavors are... The English Toffee, Cheesecake and Cookies n Cream--all in one cup!!! Can you say.. YUM!?!I have no self control when it comes to this place, which is a scary thing! I usually get a cup that costs between $4-5 and at $..36 or $.38/oz its not a small cup, i try not to eat it all in one sitting and usually i have a surprise waiting for me in the freezer when i wake up in the morning the next day!! BONUS!!! I highly recommend this place if you like frozen yogurt!! Ok, review over, im off to U-Swirl.........
2	I tried something similar in Texas but flavor was pretty blend. When U Swirl opened up, I took my daughter there adn we were pleased with the flavor. Although it was more novelty than real food I think.  Agree with you, BK - we too would go accross for a creamy, palate pleasing Sheridan's. Who can beat that joint?
3	Asked my cousin to take me to a froyo place and she mentioned U-Swirl since it was fairly new. Lots of different flavors, like about 16 or 17 of them, that's plenty. I was a bit overwhelmed. Tasted some samples and went for the Mango Tart with mochi and strawberries.  It was yummy, but i do prefer mine to be a little more tart. Self serve so put as much as you like. Decent prices by the oz. They had comfy couches and some games. A great place to chill and hang out with friends and fam. Good froyo if your around Henderson.
3	The place is huge offering 16 flavors.  They get kudos for having so many seats inside.They get a minus star for not giving samples.  They claim that they don't give samples because of sanitary reasons.  Also, I came in on a Saturday night and the machines were dirty, with yogurt in all of the drains.  Looks like they haven't cleaned it for while.They get a bonus point for having a Hand Sanitizer Dispenser, which I really liked.  But get another minus point because their toppings were messy, unorganized, and the fruits weren't fresh.They have the usual flavors of chocolate, vanilla, fruit punch, mango tart and others.  They're priced at 36 cents an ounce, which is normal since in San Diego it ranges from 27 to 39 cents an ounce at yogurt shops down here.   I would come back again though.
2	Thanks for the unripe kiwi, U-Swirl.  It's so nice to pile your tart yogurt with kiwi only to find on the way home that the fruit is completely unripe and hard and GROSS.  I won't ever go there again because of that.  Also, out of 16 different flavors I was disappointed that only two of them were tart.  Of course, there is always the plain tart yogurt (which at U-Swirl is completely disgusting) so that only leaves one flavor of tart.  I won't bother with this place again.
4	Oh U-Swirl...  You are so delicious.  So anyway, this little frozen yogurt place is really close to my house.  The place is well-decorated with lime green and white furniture and paint, and is very welcoming when you first come in.  You grab a cup in two different sizes, and you can choose among 16 different flavors of yogurt, to put in the cup, and then they have a topping bar afterward that's full of sliced fruit, candies, chocolate chips, and my favorite, mochi bits and cheesecake bites!  They give you samples of the different flavors if you ask, and have a frequent buyer's card.  They have hand sanitizer on the walls and clean restrooms, and overall, I like coming here.  The only problem with U-Swirl (and other self-serve yogurt places) is that it gets very chaotic when you have several people coming in at one time.  Also, I'm not sure if the yogurt contains live active cultures, like Golden Spoon does...  Anyway, check it out!
2	With the superfluity of fro-yo places in town, U-Swirl just doesn't hit the mark.  They offer a variety of self-serve flavors but only two of them were tart!  Their original flavor just tasted... well... OFF.  Good quality fro-yo is flavorful and creamy; at U-Swirl, I would have no clue what flavor I was eating if I didn't read the label and the consistency was icy.  And my biggest gripe of all was there was no mochi!!I'd give it 1.5 stars but I guess I'll up it an extra 0.5 for it's modern decor.
4	I love U-Swirl! Me and my friends come here all the time. It's more convenient than the new Yogurtland but not quite as good. What I love is all the flavors you can choose from! And the toppings are my favorite part. Sometimes the yogurt is a little melted, but that's what happens I guess... A lot of fruit and chocolates to put on the many flavors. Overall, a pretty good place.
4	This is a new place I was introduced to during my recent visit to Vegas. Their red velvet froyo is great!! Its great for a midnight snack and healthy too!!Staff is very friendly and a wide range of toppings to select from.Well definitely be visiting the next time in Vegas!
4	We learned about U-Swirl on the first day of school when a friend invited us for an after school treat.  My kids loved being able to help themselves and I loved being able to sample a dab of this and a dab of that.  This was a new concept for us and super fun to add a topping to match each flavor - as much or as little as you want.My favorite flavor - mango tart with fresh mangos.
1	GROSS-ly over-rated...U-Swirl is grossly overated and has horrible quality control.  Other reviews indicate lack of flavor, lack of consistency, unripe fruit, sloppy sides, and poor signage vs flavors.When I visited, I selected chocolate and vanilla ice cream, oreo cookies and reeses peanut butter cup crumbles.  After a 15 minute drive home and settling down, my ice cream was MINT!  No way does mint belong with peanut butter crumbles.  I had to throw it out.The reason for taking the ice cream home, in the first place, is because there is a total lack of adult supervision in the store on any evening we had previously been present.  The room is very large and the music is exceptionally loud.  The teenage workforce then turns on their own music system in the back room and increases the volume to drown out the store's sounds.  It is so loud and annoying, we had decided not to stay.When next visiting, store employee SAUL reported that he was in charge, but could not make any decisions or remedy any issues, nor take information for follow-up.  I was then told that I was wrong.  I should have eaten it there... or, I should have gone all the way home and driven back... and, I should have called in.  In his opinion, I made the ice cream - I made the problem.  His utter lack of consideration or acknowledgement that something had been wrong, was compounded by his arrogance and accusatory demeanor.When I wanted to end the conversation, pay and exit... he continued to lecture me.  I had to tell him to shut up and let me pay.  The ONLY reason I had to pay, was because my husband had already eaten most of his selection (to indicate how long SAUL chose to drag this out).  When we exited the store, there were over 20 people in line, waiting, while SAUL chose to pump up his chest and ignore customers or my multiple requests to pay.
4	Friendly and courteous staff! The quality of the toppings are always properly maintained and fresh.
4	I like this place a lot. It is self service, so you control you own portions of yogurt as well as all the bits and pieces that go on top. And, they have a lot of the little bits and pieces for sure!  This place is clean, easy to park and enjoyable for the family.Staff seems overall pleasant as well!
3	I prefer Yogurtland for their superior tasting yogurt and toppings, but U-Swirl is better when meeting friends because they have more seating & space, and also because this location is closer to where I live. Dare I say that this U-Swirl is whimsical? With bright colored furniture and large photos of candy mounted on the walls, I feel like a kid again whenever I go here. I think their yogurt per ounce is pricier than Yogurtland. But I do appreciate some of the unique flavors of their yogurt like Hawaiian Punch. I also appreciate the fact that U-Swirl was started by a local high school student (Green Valley HS). For those of you who didn't know, this location is where U-Swirl all started, and now there are U-Swirls all over Las Vegas & in other states. The service is friendly and the toppings are fresh. I tried the brownie bites, but they just aren't as chewy & delicious as the brownie bites at Yogurtland. I shouldn't mention another frozen yogurt shop's name so many times in my U-Swirl review, but I just haven't found a place that serves better tasting yogurt than my favorite place.
3	Frozen Yogurt: YumAtmosphere: Eh.Although one of my good friends seems to prefer Yogurtland to U-Swirl, I honestly can't tell the difference. The yogurt is good and the toppings are fresh and tasty.The people here are always super friendly, but the decor is lacking. Although fun, it is very impractical. If you're lucky enough to get a seat on one of two couches you're good to go, otherwise the furniture is uncomfortable, and bring a sweater; it's a little chilly.
3	U-Swirl was one of the first frozen yogurt places to pop up in the Anthem area. For a while it's only competitor was Golden Spoon. Now, with the surplus of fro-yo shops, it is often forgotten about.  I do prefer Yogurtland to USwirl, but I gave this place another try out of convenience. My friends and I were looking through Yelp for a new joint, but were met by closed doors. By the time we got up the hill, it was either USwirl or Golden Spoon. At least this place lets you customize your own instead of having an employee make it for you. I never liked the game of "will I get the person who is generous with the toppings?". This way, you know that you are to blame if your cup is expensive.Cake flavors are the rage this season. Everywhere has cake batter, red velvet, or devil's food now. No different here, except I liked there version of the first two better than anywhere else. It is not sickeningly sweet.  Yogurtland has a better selection of tarts and tropical flavors though. The best part about USwirl is that they have passion, strawberry, and orange pearls. They look like large fish eggs and when you bite into them, they pop.
4	One of my favorite frozen yogurt places. Much like Yogurtland, U-swirl offers build it yourself froyo at a price per ounce. While I prefer the froyo from Yogurtland, the toppings at U-swirl are much more diverse and often times better. During this most recent outing, I was able to get Passionfruit Pearls for my ice cream which added a wonderful burst of flavor. Either place is a great choice for a treat!
4	Super tasty.  This place has a varied selection and plenty of toppings that will leave only the pickiest of people wanting.  Perhaps the most best thing about U-Swirl that sets it apart from similar things in the area is that it is serve yourself.  While this means you can completely overdo it in no time, it also means if you want a dash of sprinkles and crazy psycho amounts of passion pearls and mochi, well, then that is what is gonna happen!  While it seems all fro-yo places are turning into the same thing, different name, I like that this one is still far removed from large crowds and has a great abundance of outdoor seating.  I don't feel like a piece of cattle waiting in line to get to the toppings, and not feeling like a cow while I pile on additional calories is definitely a plus.
5	First time there went with my daughter the guy behind the counter was really nice and helpful..will be sure to go back
3	Went there with some friends earlier before they closed, the owners were super friendly! I give this place 3 stars because the yogurt was really runny  and their fruit wan't fresh. However everytime i go back it is for their Hawaiian Punch Sorbet & their new popping boba- lychee, orange, and mango. :)
5	Love this place!  This place is so awesome to bring my boys to. They live picking out their favorite flavors of frozen yogurt and toppings. The best part is I can control the portion of yogurt that I want to give them. The yogurt is delish and on par as far as pricing goes with other establishments.  I also love that the woman who works here is always cleaning and making sure all of the toppings look great.
3	We went because we got a groupon. The yogurt was good, but I am not a fan of self service places. Too many opportunities for little kids to touch and mess with my food. I also don't like that it is sold by weight. What do you do when your eyes are bigger than your stomach and you get too much yogurt? This doesn't keep a well as Golden Spoon and its way more expensive! This place would be great if you have kids and aren't nearly as concerned about who touched your food as I am... Me, I think I will stick with Golden Spoons!
5	Great yogurt with a variety of flavors and amazing service the owner of this business should be very happy with the outcome and the employees. Try the watermelon!
5	When I crave frozen yogurt, this is now my go-to place to satisfy that craving. It's clean, they offer many flavors, and it flat out tastes good. They offer a lot of toppings and don't charge a king's ransom for it. When you're in there enjoying it take a minute and read the newspaper articles on the wall about the business and how it got started. I don't mind supporting local business, and this one not only won me over on taste, it caught me emotionally as I love small business success stories.By the way I usually forget to check in here as I'm too busy eating to worry about the Yelp app.
3	Went here after a suggestion from my girlfriend and enjoyed it until I found something better.Decent yogurt, but doesn't hit the spot like Yogurtland.  Red Mango has better quality, but I'm a huge fan of self serve plus it doesn't hit the pocketbook like Red Mango.If I'm in the area and I run out of gas and unable to make it to Yogurtland...U-Swirl would do...-Ryan
2	My son and I were their 1st customers of the day and the floors were nasty, with yogurt toppings under the tables that had obviously been there a while. In a place that serves food, cleanliness is everything. While the yogurt is OK, I will not be going back.
3	Nothing special about this place compared to other yogurt shops, but yet somehow I always end up back here. Clean and friendly service but lacking in variety of flavors.  Tons of toppings though!
4	A little pricey, but gooooooooood stuff!! :) I'm addicted to those little boba mango & lychee filled ball thingeys
3	It is just OK. I went with my munchkin on a Friday night and he LOVED that they had a couch! I just thought the place looked dirty. They have the lids out which is ok I guess but I prefer TL who has them behind the counter so you know little kids are not playing with them etc. the toppings were plentiful but the area was not clean. The whole shop looked like it needed a scrub down and new lighting. OK overall but with the plentiful choices around I would not rush back..
5	After searching for "ice cream" on my yelp app, I found U-swirl, which isn't ice cream, but frozen yogurt. Not only that, but it is also non-fat frozen yogurt. After seeing the high reviews, I decided to check this place out.  This is located next to the Shakespeare Pub and Sushi Wa on Eastern Ave, right past St. Rose Parkway.After entering, you will notice a lot of couches in here. This is a brilliant idea. There is nothing better than just lounging on a couch eating some cold sweets. It makes you feel as if you were at home. They also have tables if you want to eat in the more traditional way.Now, let's get to the frozen yogurt. I try to get sugar-free fro-yo to help soften the damageSugar Free Vanilla - Creamy taste that's almost like real ice cream. There is no artificial sweetener flavor, and it is delicious. There is also a toppings bar with an extremely large selection of fruits, nuts, candies, and sauces. It is also very cheap here, for the high quality they sell.My new favorite frozen yogurt place in the Valley, even better than Yogurt Land IMO. I will forever be the Duke here, so come by and take my thrown, if you dare.... (crazy laugh)
4	This place has become one of our family favorite.  We enjoy the cool flavors and its awesome to be able to pick your own flavor/s and size and know that the flavor you want will be available when you get there. We don't have toppings so the yogurt is good enough and boy can you fill up the container, they are large!  They have Red velvet, cookies and cream, coconut and cheesecake just to name a few. We enjoy being able to relax in the hip furniture and have a talk about life.
2	Wow first time in a while and this place is a mess kinda disgusting...kid was too busy counting the tipsPreviously there used to be a girl who I would always see working here that kept the spot super clean...all I can say is if I were the health department they wouldn't get an A grade today
5	Always great flavors and toppings! The staff are very friendly and the store is always clean. The pricing is very reasonable as well. Can't go wrong with peanut butter yogurt with peanut butter sauce on top. This place is highly addictive!
3	I should not have gone to U-Swirl this last weekend for many reasons.  I had just eaten a large breakfast maybe an hour earlier.  I don't care much for frozen yogurt.  There are better things to spend ones money on.  But the fact remains that I was hot and needed something cold while waiting in the area for an appointment one hour away.  So I went in and saw they had a strawberry yogurt and NY Cheese Cake yogurt next to each other.  I got a small bit of both swirled in the smallest bowl I could find.  I topped it with a few strawberries and some Golden Graham cereal.  $2 and change later I was sitting down relaxing and eating my fro-yo.  It was OK but not mind blowing.  The first bit of yogurt that came out of the machine was watery and a bit off putting.  The NY Cheese Cake tasted more like coconut than cheese cake.  Both yogurts had icy chunks that I did not much like biting into.  It reminded me of my grandma's homemade ice cream but it was rather unlike the creamy frozen yogurt that I know I've had elsewhere.  Finally, why is there a tip jar in a self-serve establishment?  I tip for service provided not for people who have already taken money from me without providing a noticeable service in return.
3	Fair price for average yogurt.  Good selection of toppings and favors. They recently cleaned the floor and bought new couches; otherwise, this would have received 2 stars for cleanliness.  Free wifi is cool!
2	Great way to stay cool, but nothing in here warms my heart. This really is the run-of-the-mill standard yogurt shop...- Yes, they have multiple flavors of yogurt. Nothing mouthwatering.- Yes, they offer a lot of toppings, but so does the other yogurt shop around the corner.- Yes, It's brightly colored, but like a little kids bedroom. Weird. - Yes, the Disney channel is on the TV in this place. Which is a good way to make certain I won't stay here and enjoy my frozen treat. The flavors were ok and the customer service was good, but U-Swirl is very forgettable. I'm not sure how to make yogurt shops more interesting, add alcohol and HBO?...Hmmmm. Good spot, but I wouldn't go out of my way to indulge in some frozen sugar at U-Swirl.
