4	This is one of my new fav places to shop.  I've found several cute dresses, a great necklace, fun note cards and hilarious frig magnets.  So much fun stuff!
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. If you enjoy girlie girl things, this is THE place. Yes, I know I'm not 6 anymore, so playing dress up isn't something I really get to do anymore. However, this place allows adult women to feel dainty and girlie with all the amazing little things in here. Lots of little pretty headbands, barrettes, jewlery, clothing......Feels artsy in here in a good way. Just a fun place to come into. Plus the prices are SOOOOOOOOO reasonable. In a place like this, you would expect boutique pricing, but when feminine feather headbands are $9.00 and dainty floral dresses are $30.00, how can you not be excited???
5	Super cute little boutique nestled in the corner of Scottsdale Fashion Square. There are a lot of things to choose from, cute little blouses and dresses to unique jewelry and knick knacks. The service is also really great. I've been here a couple of times, each time, there are new items, which is great because chances are what you buy, not many others will have. The only thing is that I wished they had more things in size small, since the trend tends to run big/oversized with tops and dresses, I have trouble finding something I like that is actually available in my size. Or maybe things are just too cute that they go that fast here! It's also reasonably priced so two thumbs up =)
3	Almost all of the items I get here are complemented by friends and family... love the selection, but watch for sales.
4	I grew up shopping at Francesca's at the Austin, TX location and was so happy when I discovered their boutique here in Scottsdale!!!!!  The store contains mostly clothes and jewelry, along with other accessories, purses, shoes, picture frames, and fun gift items.  They carry very limited numbers in each of their clothing items (which can be a negative when they already sold your size), but you can be sure you won't run into anyone else wearing the same style. The clothes are very feminine looking with lots of everyday style dresses, not club style.  Also, everything is affordably priced, but looks expensively made, nothing cheap looking here! Today I bought a cute one shoulder dress, belt, and a watch all for about $70!
2	Cute clothes, but never get any customer service while I'm shopping. Fitting rooms are never monitored, so girls take in 15 items at a time, then continue to switch out for other items. No one seems to care that customers wait 20-30 minutes for a fitting room.
1	This was some of the worst customer experience I've ever had. After being ignored while I sorted through the store, I helped myself to a fitting room. I could hear the two employees talking the entire time I was in there about how wasted they were getting that weekend, guys they were dating, etc. I was checked on once by someone who might have been a manager because when she came and asked if i was doing okay, the two girls stopped talking until she went back to the back. When I was ready to check out, they finally stopped gossiping, and gave me a look like I was troubling and interrupting them. The clothes are cute, yes, but I can find just as cute clothes cheaper at another place and not have to deal with the ridiculous employees.
5	This has got to be my new favorite store! The prices are affordable and the clothing is AMAZING!!!! The service was great. The girls that were working attentive and sweet! Can't wait to go back again!!
4	I love the style.. but The Medium is more like.. a Large. Everything is very frumpy and trying to be bohemian without reaching the Anthropologie chic level.More like a forever 21 meets h&m at a flower picking festival?
