2	This Starbucks is in a strip mall at the bottom of Greentree hill and unfortunately has the unlucky fortune of being a hangout for the most obnoxious group of men who come into the store early in the morning, nurse a cup of coffee all day, take up all the chairs, and gobble up all the free samples of pastry that the baristas offer. It's really a shame too because this Starbucks has a fireplace with a nice fire working during the cold months. In the evening when the old man unemployment club leaves is a great time to visit. If not for the "I can top that" club that come in everyday and tell the same old stories over and over IN SUCH LOUD VOICES, this would be one of my favorite Starbucks in the Burgh.
5	This Starbucks is right down the street from my parents house. It's gotta be my favourite location in the Pittsburgh area. I read Joe D's review and laughed a bit. He's right...there are some guys who sit in there, but have you ever said hello? Have you ever asked them if you could sit down? They're totally nice guys! The baristas here are really efficient (most of the time) and super friendly. They're on top of their game and even remember regular's drink orders.
3	The close-to-my-childhood-home Starbucks: it's A. Not Peet's, and B. An accidental high school reunion when I dare to venture in. On the other hand, there are usually couches--or chairs and tables--available, inside or outside, depending on the season.This is the option when I don't want to try to park on Beverly for a caffeine fix at the Coffee Tree.
5	Jason and his team are awesome!! The store is beautiful and sparkly clean. My beverages were on point and the pastries were yummy!! Great work guys!!
5	So, now that the old timer glee club has abandoned this location, I can truly say that the relocation of this 'Bucks has become my favorite. Totally comfortable location, somewhat friendly associates, no fireplace anymore but I can overlook that. Lots of comfy leather chairs, you feel totally at home here. Normal coffee and tea menu, pastry case is always tempting and filled. Parking can be a hassle, but isn't that the case with any outdated strip malls in the Burgh?
5	I've been coming here ever since I can remember. The Baristas seem genuinely interested in your well-being. They all have great personalities and are a joy to talk to when I come in. Dan, while appearing super intimidating (spiky black hair, wears leather jackets and stuff) is extremely nice. I went away for college and when I came back he asked me all about it. Becky always remembers my orders and Astrid makes my iced coffee just right. I could sit in there for hours and I often do.
