1	The first time I went to this Jiffy Lube, there were 2 cars in the 2 bays that were being worked on. I ended up waiting almost 2 hours for an oil change. I can understand them being busy, so it's not the wait time that upsets me, it's the fact that the techs couldn't be straight with me and just let me know up front- I would have been more than happy to go run an errand and then come back by the shop. And, after an hour of waiting, I asked them what the ETA was, and they said my car would go in "any minute" and would only take about 10-15 minutes... lie. It was another hour. I needed another oil change this morning, and decided to give this place another try (thinking that maybe it was just a bad crew that day), and it was the same story. I went in at 07:40 because they opened at 0730 and I figured it would be quick to go in early before a line of people built up. I arrived and there were 2 techs there and a mini-van already in the bay. When I went in to drop of my keys, he told me it would be about 45 minutes until he was able to get to my car. I must have had a surprised look on my face, because he quickly responded with "because there's only 2 of us here". I said "okay" and sat down; one of them was working on the van while the other was reading a magazine behind the counter. Seriously?!??!?! Never again will I go to this Jiffy Lube. I posted a comment on my facebook about waiting forever at this Jiffy Lube and I received multiple comments from people saying that they've had problems at this same location. Good news: I'm not alone. Bad news: Corporate hasn't fixed the problem that many people are having.
2	The good: I got my oil changed pretty quickly (35 mins) and everything seems to be in good working shape.The bad: I was standing in line to pay and the assistant manager was going through his routine with the customer in front of me. He was trying to upsell him on synthetic oil, a new air filter, a new cabin filter, and he charged the guy $5 to top off his fluids. He just came across like a really slimy used car sales man and it made my skin crawl. More importantly, when he finished with that customer he ran off without even acknowledging me or the 10 minutes I stood there waiting to pay. He never mentioned he'd be right back and just left me standing there. After about 5 minutes I walked in to the bay and hollered for someone to come help me. Frankly, the place wasn't that busy and he had a lot of people on the garage floor so I'm not sure exactly why the customer service was so bad.Ultimately I'll return and give them a chance to improve this rating and review but for now I wasn't that impressed with the service.
1	Never again! I was told right away that my car "said" it required $235 worth of work. When I declined and asked for just the oil change I went there to get the guy seemed upset and disappointed. The oil change was done in like five minutes after that without vacuuming my floors or cleaning the windows which is part of their signature service. Rather than complain and have the guys, who were sitting around doing absolutely nothing, scoff at me some more I took my car and went over to auto zone to buy the cabin air filter they were trying to sell me for twice the price. I do not recommend this place to anyone.
5	Kind of shocked at the reviews beneath me. Been going here since I moved to Gilbert ~2 years ago and have 0 complaints. The guys here have been extremely honest and even helped me save a buck or two when getting my oil changed!  They have never tried to upsell or tell me to purchase anything I don't need. Hey, and don't let me forget to mention their free car wash after they do my oil change. Total time it takes them from start to finish: tops 15 minutes!
2	Fast oil change, 2 stars.  But this is the second time they can't rotate the tires because of lack of tools, broken tools, etc.
4	Came in here 30 minutes before they closed and they gladly took my car. Service was fast, no pressure with what they offered as ugrades. Kind customer service. Lost a star for the waiting room. Not somewhere I want to be. Smelled dirty, looked dirty. There was coffee, but no real creamer and tiny Styrofoam cups. All the magazines were car themed. I'm used to Jiffy Lubes with current magazines, tv with sound, free popcorn, etc. This one had none of that. Bummer.Overall I'd highly recommend for the service, just bring your own entertainment (book, magazine, gameboy haha) & maybe some hand sanitizer.
1	This place is just around the corner from where I recently moved, and this was my first (and last) visit to this Jiffy Lube location.  From this experience, I imagine it will be a long time before I try any Jiffy Lube again, if ever.  Please keep in mind that I have managed an auto repair shop, and worked at a Jiffy Lube to put myself through college, so I am not unfamiliar with how a good shop should be run.  I went there today, because of it's location, and because I understood how convenient a well run Jiffy Lube can make my life - in and out in a jiffy, right?  Today, I waited idling in my car for 8 minutes before I was even acknowledged, after which I was finally directed to a lane to pull up to.  Once inside the waiting room, which is small, dingy, and uninviting, I waited patiently.  For the next 50 minutes I waited to get a simple oil change - and they did not even vacuum the inside of the car, telling me that it was because their vacuum was broken, and the windshield wasn't even cleaned well.  It was as though this place was run and staffed by high schoolers, who were more interested in playing grab-ass, than in serving their customers.  I watched as the manager of the shop was casually talking and dancing in the bay area, which only added to  their less than professional image, and displayed no sense of urgency at all.  In the end, I was checked out by one of the workers, and I asked him why it took 50 minutes to get an oil change when there were only two vehicles in line ahead of me (one in each bay), and his response was, and I quote, "We had other things to do."  In that instant, I decided that I would never go back.  I told the young man that I would not be coming back, and his response was an aggressive, "OK!"  So here is my take on it all - they don't care about you, or the business you bring them; therefore, don't give it to them.  I value customer service highly, as a provider and as a consumer, and this place failed miserably.  I know I won't give them another dollar from my wallet, or another minute of my time.  I called the corporate office and let them know about my poor experience, but, honestly, if they are willing to tolerate that environment in the first place, then I have very little hope of anything being done to change the situation.  My advice is to just go some place else and save yourself the headache.
