5	Five things you should know about Culver's:#1.  While considered fast food, no need to get all Eric Schlosser on Culver's.  Family owned.  Treats workers fairly.   Good quality food.  #2.  They sell fried cheese curds.  As far as I know, it's the only fast food joint that does this.#3.  You can replace your soda with a shake.#4.  But you might not want to because their root beer is really tasy.#5.  Butter Burger - it's just as tasty and as unhealthy as it sounds.The fast food of choice when in Wisconsin.
5	They used to have the most delicious cod filet sandwich.  The synthetic grated cheddar cheese and tartar sauce really made it come alive.  I shudder at the thought, but I don't think they offer it on their menu anymore. Must have been underappreciated (and probably undercooked).
4	This is some delicious midwestern fast food.  They have, or once had, the greatest fried fish sandwich with tartar sauce and grated cheddar cheese. OMG, what a treat. My compadre ordered the fish and chips, but they didn't have any malt vinegar, so he walked down to Perkin's down the street and brought back a bottle. Hilarious it was. And of course, no trip to this place is complete without a scoop of frozen custard to make sure you are good and ill.
5	We're talking fast food here but I still give it 5 stars.  Every Culver's I go into is consistently good and the menu is unique for fast food.  Best of all I am not repulsed by the thought of their employees touching my food, they hire good people.
5	Oh Culver's how I love you!  I don't know if you know this but we have a special connection; your first location is in my hometown.  Even though I've moved away, I've not forgotten you.  Our reunion this weekend was bittersweet; the delicious chicken tenders and french fries...if only I'd had a chocolate custard ice cream cone...oh well, it will give me an excuse to stop in the next time that I'm home. I hope that you know how special you are; after all, you're the only fast-food restaurant that can make me forget that I've read Fast Food Nation and Omnivore's Dilemma...a pretty significant accomplishment.
4	I ate at one. I just have no idea where it was. I know it was next to a freeway, and I was in or around Madison. Here is the deal, its not bad. There are a lot worse, ie, McDonalds, Wendy's, Burger King, etc. The butter burger is not made of butter.
5	Frozen custard is so good it's a sin, and you'll have to confess the next day. And Culver's is the best.I love it with bits of reeses peanut butter cups and peanut butter mixed in. Topped with warm caramel. Yummy!
3	I really like their concrete mixers. I am disappointed that the Culvers at this location doesn't hand out dog treats when they see you have dogs in your car going through the drive through. Most of the other Culvers, especially the East side one always handed those out. It's just nice customer service when they do that.
4	I'm going to let you all in on a little secret...this Culver's location features a daily dollar item. Everything ranging from $1 cheese curds to $1 waffle cones and caramel cashew sundaes. It's a surprise everyday! I'm also a big fan of the $4 Snackpak...a butterburger, fries and a drink for only $4. You can't get this kind of value at your more traditional fast food chains these days. Although the burgers are pretty greasy and the custard probably has more fat than I want to contemplate, Culver's is a great treat every now and again.
5	I had another butter burger with cheddar and you know what, its pretty good. They are certainly better than that shit known as In n Out. The fries are actually very good as well. I am a fan.
2	This restaurant chain is way way overrated.They have some good ice cream and some ok food that is not built upon using healthy ingredients.  Overpriced for what you get.I once had some shrimp at their Fond du Lac location that was overcooked, dry and tasteless  When they first appeared in the market they were better than other burger joints and we were less educated about what good food is.  They have gone downhill over the years and we no longer go there.For flavor, Burger King Steakhouse burger Wendy's burger is better in the category of "fast food" only.
4	Love the grilled cheese basket (w fries), concrete chocolate shake.  Love the reycling in the restaurant.  Love the cheese butter burger (w onion rings).  People in WI are so nice.  Some of the tables were not cleaned yet, but it was after lunch rush, and there were plenty other to choose from.  It is the only midwest-fast-food type burger joint we eat at.  It is way better than fast food!
2	Went back recently with an open mind and ordered their double butter burger.  The burger looked nice.  The lettuce and tomato were fresh and the bun looked good too.  But the overall flavor was really not very good.  I challenge everyone who things this is a good burger to set aside their preconceived notions about this sandwich and just pay attention to the flavor.   Mine tasted like burnt oil on an overcooked hamburger patty with absolutely zero beef flavor.  I would actually eat a McDonalds quarter pounder with cheese before I would eat one of these "butter burgers".Take a look at the meat, way, way overcooked.Update:  Went back again and ordered the chicken sandwich.   It was quite dry and flavorless.   The only thing that saved it was that it was hot.This pretty much does it for me and this business.   They really aren't serving up very good food and I can say that I have had some of the worst meals ever from Culver's versus other restaurants.  It has come to the point where we talk about stopping some place quick and we always opt away from any Culver's.  Until they improve the quality of their food we won't be going back and I expect that will probably be never since they think their food is pretty good.Update:  Stopped by for a cooler.  Good price, well made and delicious.  Very refreshing.  We don't get any burgers, fish or chicken here anymore but the custard and other treats are always good.  We also noticed that they grounds are immaculate and they have planted at least a hundred or more different plants.   It sure would be nice if other places did such a nice job with their grounds.  They get 5 stars for grounds, 4 stars for dessert and 1 star for food.  I up the review 1 star overall for their work on the grounds and the good desserts.
3	Everytime I am in the Midwest I go for a Culvers burger. There is something comforting about downing their butter burger...and who doesn't love that they have Diet Mt Dew on the menu. That is the Midwest for you.Everything was A-OK and if I had to eat a fast food burger this would be my go to place.
1	Just came from there, and during prime time too, The bread was hard the entire double cheese burger was greasy and the cheese looked like it was left out for two days the ends were hard. Never again. Culver's of Madison, WI - Todd Drive2102 West Beltline Hwy.Madison, WI 53713http://www.culvers.com/
5	Never being one to judge, I have gone back several times for the Pot-Roast sandwich.mmmmYUM! Service seems wonderful, and as I expected the fries are awesome. So while the heat of the moment got the better of me in the last review. With this menu item I'm happy again.
2	I'm a Michael's gal!
5	Tried the Colby Jack Pub Burger, YUM*, very tasty will fer sure get it again. Service was first rate, I was there around 9 pmish.
5	The food was skanky! I found a rat in the tub. Nobody licked me, a cow did. (At least we know the food was fresh.) the floor was messy, and a boy was up chucking on me. A solid 5 stars.
5	Great curds
1	This is going to seem petty and dumb, but...WORST USE OF DIGITAL SIGNAGE, EVER. EVER. EVER!For the love of Pete, why - WHY - don't you display your flavor of the day???? I drive past this location twice daily, and I *never* have any idea what your flavor of the day is. Instead, I get reminders that you're "Open 'Til Midnight" and that you have "$1 Floats" and "$1 Corn dogs." Yay. Good for you. That's awesome. Weee.Only, I don't care about your floats or your corn dogs. Tell me what your G-D flavor of the day is (like every other single fooking Culver's sign does) so that I can swing in and get me a hit of Really Reese's or Andes Mint when you have it available.Because your signage sucks, I refuse to visit this location.*And also, what kind of digital sign can't scroll multiple messages?! Maybe you could tell me that you're Open Til Midnight, and that you have $1 Corn Dogs, AND that your flavor of the day is _______?***This rant brought to you buy a guy who would've loved to have finished off his evening with a delicious scoop of something from your flavor of the day. Only you don't broadcast your flavor of the day, and this guy doesn't want to risk hitting the drive-thru to learn that your flavor of the day is something crappy like Berry Bliss or Blueberry Cordial. Ick. You're a custard shop that staked its place by having awesome flavors of the day. Don't downplay it - own it and share it!!!!! PLEASE!!!!** I realize that the City of Madison prohibits scrolling signs; however, the city does not prohibit alternating messages every five minutes. So, while a scroll may not be possible, an alternate message *might* just afford an opportunity for passers by to learn a little more about what's available at this location. I'd ask: "What are more people interested in? Knowing you're open until midnight, or that you have Oreo Overload as the flavor of the day?"*** UPDATE as of 4/17/14: So... several people have messaged me to tell me that the city doesn't allow flashing or scrolling signs. But.... The Ward Brodt store (directly next door, shares same parking area) HAS A SCROLLING SIGN that advertises specials and lessons. So does American TV, and so does the carpet store just east of this Culver's. Why can't these jokers advertise something other than $1 Hot Fudge Sundaes? Done. Totally done.
3	What a Culver's.  Perfect one day, not quit perfect the next. Thankfully the custard is always great. Especially with a $1 special normally custard, weekly. The place is clean but not as polished compared to other Culver's.   Can't wait to see the update on this locations.Service is OK, but nothing stands out. No wows but no negativity either. They sure are a busy place. Bonus they are open until midnight seven days a week. So when you need your custard fix they're open for you.
3	Culvers is a very solid burger joint. I really like the variety of options you can choose from in the menu as well as the prices. They are a family oriented establishment and uses good quality food. I love their chicken tenders. They are 100% breast meat and totally fulfilling. If you order the basket, you get 4 tenders, fries, dipping sauce and a large drink. I can never finish my meal. Honestly, 2 tenders are enough. You'll be pretty full after this meal.
2	I've been here a couple times (Culver's in general not just this location) and got to get $1 burgers at an anniversary event for another Culver's and every time I just do not see the lure. The burgers kind of taste of lightly-to-none seasoned charred pieces of cardboard. I suppose that the hope is having butter on the buns will make up for the beef's inadequacies.The only thing going for it is the $1 waffle cone days which can be nice for a cheap outing to satisfy a sweet tooth but their ice cream/custard is in no way the best out there. If only we could bring some smash burger or Goodtimes from the west.So clearly Culver's advertising campaign is working for them but they will not receive my business. I can see the eat no meat argument from the taste of these burgers.
5	We are new to the area...But WoW, they have some of the best ice cream (concrete) I have ever tasted.  The meals are great, and the ice cream is even better.  If you visit them as often as we do, then down load their phone app.  We found out each location is privately owned.  This means that each location has its own daily special.  The app will tell you what the flavor of the day is at each location.
