4	I purchased my car from an auction lot in 10/05 and it wasn't perfect but it was a good deal.   I chose the car because it was a year old and the KBB was $22k and I got it for $8500.  I know, right?   This crew at Jiffy Lube on Trop near Ft Apache did a complete diagnostic and replaced all the fluids, air filter,  filled my tires, let me know they were bald, vacuumed my car out, cleaned my windows and reviewed everything with me on their check list.  I was also asked if I wanted to clean out the oil system, transmission system and made sure I was aware of when they were actually due for changing...I'm way over my  head trying to speak to any level of proficiency on matters of internal combustion engines or auto mechanics, but I just know that keeping my car properly lubricated has prevented any major mechanical issues.  Every 3000, like clockwork, I show up and get my oil changed.  They keep track of all the liquids in my car.   I've been going to this specific shop since 11/05 and have always found them to be professional, polite and helpful.  They have a very good selection of reading materials and play a DVD movie in the waiting room. Coffee is free, there is a snack machine and soda machine with water too.The restrooms are clean and the process takes less than an hour.  If you are hungry there is an In and Out Burger, Micky D's, Sushi, Pizza, etc all within 300 feet to 1/2 mile from the JL.  No matter how busy or slow, they are constantly nice and I never feel like they are trying to sell me stuff I don't need.Did I  mention I've been going to this shop for 4.5 years?
1	I was a little fond of this place because when I had to do a smog check for state registration they were super friendly and called me back a few times to let me know where their emission guy was and when he was working.However today I called them at 3:45 to see why time the close. 5:00 PM.  Great so I cruised over and got there at 4:12 PM.  First they tell me they only carry Penzoil.  Any self respecting car owner knows that Penzoil is one of the cheapest , crappiest engine oil you can buy.  So they said I could get my own oil next door at Checkers.  I said OK i'll do that.  Then the guy said "actually we are doing our last car now. We are doing a transmission on this car too, so we can't take any more cars".WTF?  First of all you only carry Penzoil. Yuck.  Secondly you tell me you aren't taking any more cars at 48 min till close for a 10 min oil change?  Thanks for the warning!! Taking my car somewhere else for a decent oil change.
5	This JIFFY LUBE location ROCKS! They always treat me very well! All of the techs are very knowledgeable & friendly! I highly recommend this location!
5	I have to admit that I was incredibly timid because most LV establishments like this one look for any opportunity to screw you, but this place was really good!  The service was fast, the staff was friendly... they have earned my business and I would recommend to my family and friends.
5	I have never been a fan of Jiffy Lube, I always felt that these places always tried to tell me that this and that is wrong with my car.  Well, yesterday I experienced a very pleasant visit!  Before I went to Jiffy Lube I had stopped in at Good Year to get my oil change, but when they were extremely rude, I walked out and went across the street to Jiffy Lube.  They were so kind!  Helped me as soon as I walked up, gave me a 20% discount instead of the 15% discount coupon that I had.  They told me a few things that needed to be done, just miner stuff.  I was so happy with them.  I felt I got a great deal.  I will always go back!AND I ONLY WAITED 10 MINUTES!  Before that, Good Year wanted me to wait 90 minutes!
5	We have an extra car that we rarely get out on the road these days (2003 Honda), and I decided to hire Jiffy to do their signature oil change and replace a headlight bulb. This place is relatively close to the east of where we now live, so why not try it out, eh? A good choice, as the service was efficient and the customer service amiable and helpful. Thank you, and keep up the great work.
4	Clean location with friendly and polite service. I just wanted a standard oil change, and although they told me about the recommended services for my car, they weren't pushy about it. There was no wait time, and I was able to get in and out swiftly. No complaints!
5	Excellent customer service. Unlike other places, I didn't get pressured into buying additional services. The staff was very friendly and my oil change was done in 15 mins. Got $10 off too so that was a plus.
4	These guys were very helpful. I needed a serpentine belt replacement and it was almost closing time for these guys, but they still were willing to put it on for me when I was in a crunch. These guys were friendly and got right down to business. Good customer service!
5	Fast service with a smile. Will come back again !
5	The employees at the shop are very nice, kind, courteous and knowledgeable.They got my truck in and out quickly and efficiently and never once treated me like I was a dumb female. I will go to this shop for my regular oil changes.
5	I've been going to this location for 3 years now since I moved from Hawaii and thought that a review was long overdue. Everyone here is friendly and very welcoming.  I needed an oil change and my thermostat replaced ASAP because it's been over 6 months since my last one and my car started making funny sounds and the thermostat gauge was on H. I live less than 5 minutes away and was able to go home and sleep a little since I came in once they opened.  They called me once they were done and my car is now running great!
5	Nice service n clean place. Open 7 am is really good for busy people. However, the price is a little bit expensive and not many coupons for their services.
2	These guys are nice but if you don't want them to do something to your car make sure you write a BIG FREAKIN NOTE and put it in the car. I specifically told them NOT to pull my air filter b/c the car had been hit and it takes awhile to put it back together. Sure enough when the guy calls me out to the bay to try and sell me extra stuff there is the air filter sitting on the counter and he tells me I need a new one. I got to spend the next hour at home fixing the things that Jiffy Lube messed up. Learned my lesson, if you want something done, do it yourself.
2	Been going here for a while, service has always been fast and courteous. And it still is, but i was charged extra for an oil change for having a 6 cylinger engine. I understand that upcharge fee, but the fact that I was never charged that before for the exact same oil change makes me wonder. Kinda sucks because I really liked this place and I live really close by.
1	This place must not be too busy or this where they send their bad employees. As I pulled up it looked like the entire crew was standing outside smoking.  Minus the poor guy holding a sign on the street.  How degrading is that ? When they saw me they all scrambled like ants flicking lit cigarettes in every direction.  Really can you say fire hazard ?    I was shown inside and told there was a restroom, water, coffee, and magazines.  Well the bathroom was disgusting, the water fountain was greasy and dirty, the coffee was empty except for the stains on the counter, and the magazines were old. Oh and even if I wanted water there were no cups.  I expect the shop to be dirty but the lobby should be clean at least.  Likewise, if you offer something to a customer make sure it's available.  The store has banners plastered across the store and even a guy holding a sign on the street saying oil change $ 24.99.  This is clearly a ploy as their intent is to upsell you on everything under the sun.  I was told mr car required synthetic oil, which is a lie.  It was recommended that I get new wipers, air filter, cabin filter, radiator flush, transmission flush, and new tires.  For a second I thought I was at a used car dealership.  The quote was close to $ 1000.  Really I thought I came in for your $ 24.99 oil change ?  Of course after you say no a million times there is one last upsell for just $ 10 more we will clean your windows and vacuum you car.  What a joke who pays for that ? Hello a car wash that includes those services is just $ 10.  When I politley asked for the manager the counter rep opened a door behind him and I could clearly here someone snoring in the office !!!  Wow must be nice to take a nap on the job !   I explained to the manager, as he yawned, about the lack of services available that were offered and my dismay regarding unsolicited  upsells.  His response was "sorry we have been busy and they make us do that ".  I was informed by the manager that upper management send in fake customers all the time to make sure they offer more then just oil changes.  WOW !  That's shocking !  Busy doing what socializing and smoking ?  And how would he know if the shop was busy ?  He was asleep in his office !!! Don't waste your time going here go to Goodyear where you get a synthetic oil change for $ 20 without being hassled for unwanted services.
1	I will never go back!!! I went in for an oil change. Part of getting an oil change there is tire pressure check. At least they say so...  My tire had been low and and the change oil light has been on. I mentioned that to the clerk so that they can take care of it. When they were done, as I'm leaving the guy tells me, ok we have reset the change oil light and made sure that the tire pressure is at 35 psi and we put a sticker on your window with your next oil change date. I trust that this is all done because he tells me so. The car is already running and I get in. I look on the window and no sticker anywhere. I figure it's a small mistake it can happen to anyone. I leave my car running go back inside and tell them they didn't put the sticker and I need it there so I can remember when to come back. He's nice about it goes and puts the sticker on there and apologizes. Later on that day I start my car and when I start  it the check oil light is still on!!! Ugh! This made me want to check my tire and I notice it still looks very low!!!! The day I went in to service my car, they were not busy at all. There was one customer before me and she was gone by the time they got to my car so they're just plain lazy. I'm going across the street to Goodyear next time because now they have me even wondering if they even changed the oil!? I'm a girl I know nothing about this sort of thing. I paid them $69.00 for crap they said they did when they really didn't. I feel ripped off
