5	I purchased hair removal package for my bikini and underarms and it is one of the best things that I have ever done!   Linda was very pleasant and always made me feel comfortable. After just six visits my bikini and underarms are hairless!    Perfect timing for summer!   THANK YOU Linda and the WONDERFUL staff at Evolve Skin and Laser!!       100% WONDERFUL!!!!!!!
5	I have been getting my Laser Hair Removal with Linda !  Love her!  I plan on getting more Laser, and would also like to get Facial Peels here!  I have recommended this place to my friends!  They have many specials on Groupon, and Living Social, and also run their own specials!
1	I came here for an IPL (photofacial). I've had many of these in the past from another place so I knew what to expect. This place is a joke! The IPL here was a waste of money. I would never go back.
2	I have nothing bad to say about the ladies that work here. They are nice and helpful. But the overall service is not very good. I have been getting laser hair removal and have encountered a number of problems. They lost my paperwork after my first visit, I have had scheduling conflicts, and once had my skin burned because the laser machine was turned up to high, and just this week they had to move my appointment back a few weeks because they're laser machine was out of order. If it wasn't for the Groupon I wouldn't really come back to this place but for the cheap price I tolerate the problems I've had. The results of my hair removal treatments has been good even a little better than expected, with hair growing back finer and less frequently. Overall the the staff is nice but don't seem to have their act together and the results of my treatments were what I expected.
5	This is the 4th laser place I've tried for hair removal and is the ONLY place I've had permanent results.  Jordyn the laser tech is very thorough and has given me the results I needed.  The staff is very friendly and professional.  The laser is virtually painless and is the best for hair removal.  Definately come here first and don't waste your money at other salons.
4	Jordyn gave me a really nice photofacial and hand treatment. The Palomar Lux laser is an excellent laser. Jordyn was very sweet, friendly, outgoing and polite. The only reason for the 4 star rating is because the location  was difficult to find and the staff didnt really let customers know or explain the location issue in their advertisements or booking even though alot of customers have trouble finding it.Overall, it was a nice experience.Jordyn was a great employee and really did a professional job.
5	I have been coming here and seeing Jennifer for laser hair reduction/removal and have been very satisfied. The laser she uses is very effective and there there is no discomfort involved in the treatments - no matter how sensitive the area. I have been treated very well by everyone here and have recommended this place to my friends as well. Pros:Professional, friendly & helpful staffAffordable pricingFlexible scheduling State of the art equipmentGreat resultsCons: Long drive for me, but well worth itNote: This is my 2nd experience with laser hair removal, the first place I went to was staffed by rude people who were condescending and the laser used there was less effective and painful. Save yourself the pain and suffering and definitely call Jennifer with Evolve Skin & Laser for your hair removal needs.
5	I have been getting laser treatment for hair removal from Jennifer .  Best lasers I have ever experienced.  I have bought group on's from other salons and they did not do the job.  I am so pleased with the results and I am Italian (if you know what I mean).  They have a new staff that is so welcoming and nice.Also, I have been getting facial peels from Michelle. I wish I would have started years ago.  My skin has never looked better, and my brown spots are gone.Make an appointment here, I have recommended so many people.
5	I have been going to Evolve Skin & Laser for almost a year now.  I found a coupon deal but they often have their own specials so be sure to ask.   Evolve has recently changed ownership and the new owner (Anne) is doing some nice updating to the space (reception area, treatment rooms, etc.)   I go for facial hair removal and Terry Ann is my tech.  She's very experienced and knows how to adjust the machine for the best possible results.  It's painless, quick and easy and I have been very happy with the outcome.  The only downside is that she only works F afternoons and Saturdays.  Be sure to ask for directions - a little hard to find but they are upstairs and almost directly across from Levine Auction House.
