4	An updated version of The Swinger's Club, The Drink Sociable Bar has a new look and some fresh decor. They really removed the tacky crap and opened the room up... added color in some places, made a  few spots darker... and it's almost a whole new bar.Owned by Anthony Cool, The Drink (one of it's nicknames), has a nicely risen stage and is home to The Rocking Comedy Show (Hosted by Crazy Jay, Wed at 8pm) as well as a variety of musical performances.Be prepared, as the prices are a bit higher than you might expect. Also, the service is historically hit or miss. Attractive bar tenders and servers do not make up for forgotten or incorrect items. Also, plan on enjoying your standard beverages. The fanciest beer available it Blue Moon... and I drank a whole plastic pitcher of it.On a very positive point, I notices that they go to great lengths to keep the place clean. The floor and counter tops shine and the ask trays were emptied every 10 minutes. Further, the air handlers must be brand new, as I did not feel covered in smoke, nor smell like it when I left.What you'll like about Sociable (another nickname) is the friendly people. Strangers are always staring conversations at the bar. The performers tend to be a part of the audience for much of the evening. If you are there for a show, it is a place where you want to spend time and enjoy the environment.
5	When we checked into the Plaza we saw this bar but didn't think anything of it and we weren't sure what it was. The appearance detours the place a bit, as walking by you can't see inside, so by just looking at it and comparing it to all the other bars downtown you wouldn't be able to judge it fairly by just looking at it.As I looked through our coupon book the hotel provided upon check in, there was a 2 for 1 drink coupon inside, and it was labeled the Drink. We weren't sure where the drink was, but decided to go hunting for it. We had to wait for our party to come down, so we made it our meeting point. We asked security where it was and they directed us to the bar we saw earlier.As we walked in and sat at the bar the bar tender was cool and made us anything we wanted. BTW check out the happy hour specials!The place was pretty big and very roomy. There is a good size stage, and a HUGE dance floor. There is also tons of seating. The vibe was sort of Rock n Roll with a taste of modern. A Nice balance.Long story short this place was happening by the end of the night. We felt very welcomed, and ended up staying here all night with our group. All the staff was super cool and friendly. At night a DJ came, he was awesome, and played anything the people wanted, and had a HUGE variety of music.
1	would give it zero stars if possible.  Plaza close this bar!
