5	Thank you for your all your services and comforting me during my loss.  I received your card in the mail- thank you for caring to do so. I will tell everyone about your service. C. Melby
5	Thanks firstly to Carolyn M.  Without this review I would not have found this place.Nobody wants to experience the passing of a loved one.  I just wanted to thank All Pets for helping with this difficult time.  The owner was very comforting and helpful throughout the entire process.  In our case we had to put our 15 1/2 year old Lab down.  All Pets suggested Caring Hearts Animal Clinic and thats where we took her (I will write a separate review for them but they were great).We were able to shop for an Urn online via the All Pets website.  I was grateful for this because it allowed us to grieve in private while still choosing something very custom for Kelly (our dog).All Pets followed up with us during the entire process.  They called us before we took Kelly in and called us again to let us know they had picked her up.  The cremation process took about a week and I was very satisfied with the quality of the urn.  A few weeks later we received a sympathy card in the mail.The prices were reasonable and the quality of service was beyond my expectations.  Thank you All Pets.
5	Two days ago, my cat Chubby was napping on the kitchen rug--and napping and napping. When I checked, he was not asleep, but dead. I am disabled and could  not dig a grave--but I called the mobile vet and she told me about this service. They came over, handled it very respectfully and pleasantly, and the price was reasonable. I don't know what I would have done without them and am still grateful.
5	This was a VERY sad time in my life when my Jedd got cancer.  It took about 2 weeks and then he past.  it was 6:00am and I didn't even look at the clock, I called and Carolyn answered, I apologized and she said don't think anything of it.  I was there by 7:00am and he was taken care of.  A year almost to the date my Molly had to be put down because of her lungs.  I took her there and I was so upset I kept trying to make sure she was gone, not breathing and the guy there said take your time.  He took her and her blanket and it was done.  This place is wonderful and so clean and well kept.  Again I cant say enough good things about them.  Sharon K.
