5	What a great event! More details to come! But had a blast enjoyed seeing everyone and playin games and bowl!
5	Yet another excellent event! The husband and I had a great time hanging out with our fellow Yelpers and bowling! There was honestly a point where I said... I hope they don't bring out any more food (I don't think these words have ever come out of my mouth before...)... they kept bringing out wave after wave of food and I couldn't help but eat it.... it was ridiculous! I would say the best item was the spinach artichoke dip... this was good on the chips, but even better on top of the pizza ( I know... I'm sick!). The beverages were also tasty, the margs were at the perfect level of sweetness. Thank you for a great event Lindsey and Lucky Strike!
5	Another great event with great people.  Lucky strike in downtown is the place to be if you're looking for a fun night out.  The event was a super success thanks to Yelp, Lindsey and of course the venue.  1 hour of free game play was awesome!  We definitely got to play all of the arcade games.  The light bites were also great.  Pizza, fries, chicken wings!  2 free drinks to start the night put more icing on the cake.  Bowling at lucky strike is another experience on a different level.  The area our party was sectioned off to was a private area with couches and plenty of seating.  4 lanes to ourselves while the Yelp family bowled at their signed up times.  Met some knew yelpers and of course caught up with old yelp friends.  Great event!  Thank you for all that you do Yelp and Lindsey!
5	It always a special treat when a Yelp Elite event launches start of the weekend.I had a blast at the Yelp's Game Night at Lucky Strike and Gypsy Bar. Amazing food, drinks, and endless of fun! I signed up for the last bowling time slot. I wanted to enjoy the beautiful decor and mingle with fellow Yelpers. It worked out perfectly since we were all treated to 1 hour of free arcade fun. I reverted to childhood when it comes playing Pac-Mac. They have a huge screen with 4 players too. Thanks to Lindsey for letting me play her game while she stepped away.  I forgot how highly enjoyable yet challenging game it was. Her hubby wasn't too shabby, either! ;) I played a few other arcade games with Monica O. and Judy L.  There was one machine that might need a little work. You can't really throw flat footballs. The arcade room was a great way to kill time too.  After a long wait, it was finally my turn. It was so dark I can hardly see the bowling pins. I was surprised that I got over 100. I had a great time bowling with Neil D., Scott, and Leslie M. Good laughs!  The LS staff truly did an outstanding job providing us the food items and drinks.  The food kept coming and was still warm, mac cheese balls, margherita flat bread pizza, Belgian fries, spinach & artichoke, and chicken sliders. All delicious!Thank you for your great work Lindsey and keep doing what you're doing! Thanks to Lucky Strike for really fun night!
4	Had a great time at this Yelp event, and so did the friend we brought along. I don't bowl, but it was great to sit and chat and watch others bowl. I loved the flatbread pizzas- nice change from the usual heavy bowling alley fare. The breaded macaroni and cheese bites were great too. Oh, and bottles of hand sanitizer as Yelp favors- genius at this time of the year!
5	This was a pretty cool night. It was bowling, drinking, eating and arcade games all in one! We had pizza, sliders, cheese, fries and nachos spinach dip. There was so much food! And of course, drinks from the bar!Lucky Strike gave us a free bowling game and VIP cards for future games. How awesome is that?! I really liked that we got to bowl with other Yelpers and just had a really good time. And playing the arcade games was also fun too.Thanks to the crew of Lucky Strike for serving us and setting up the games. And of course Lindsey is awesome as usual with the events she sets up.
5	It was a Friday night and for Phoenix Yelp Elite Lucky Strike was the place to be! Lucky Strike opened up their doors and lets us Elite get our game on!Everyone bowled to their hearts content, we even had an free hour of game play in the arcade, that's where a basketball shoot out when down between Linda W and I, have to say we both walked away a winner that night!If you started to feel weak from the energy spent playing the games, there was an never ending supply of food to eat! Some tasty chicken sliders, crispy French fries, fried cheese balls, pizza and much more!If you got parched, they offered plenty to drink too! Margaritas, Moscato and much more.A BIG BIG Congrats to Lindsey & hubby on the future Yelper to be!This was a fun great interactive event, a perfect kick off into the weekend! It was great seeing everyone enjoying themselves and the games!Thank you Lucky Strike for hosting us and Lindsey & Yelp for another amazing event!
5	Well I don't think this night could have been any more fun! It was amazing!!!! When you first walk in you are greeted by a hostess, You can go to the main bar and sit and drink, or you can get a table and watch through the glass at the people bowling. A more quite area. Or you can go to the main bowling side, grab your shoes and a lane and start to have fun. If you have to wait for a lane to open, the have pull tables, plenty of areas to sit, 3 more bars, a larger quite seating area in back and an arcade, just a few things to keep you occupied while you wait! How awesome is that!?? We started the night with awesome Yelp swag (love hand sanitizer can never have enough) and another cool wrist band! We then went straight for one of the lanes to bowl! How awesome is this places bowling lanes!? I will tell you, fantastic! You have couches to sit on, large tables to put food and drinks, large screens for the bowlers names and scores above you and then above the black lighted, neon lasers and glowing craziness bowling lanes and pins, you have huge projection screens playing basically anything you want! We were there on a Friday night so they had a few different sports games on!While we were bowling Lucky Strike servers brought out some delicious dishes for us to try! The margarita and peperoni pizza were my favorite! Nice and simple, thin crust, but full of flavor! Then there were thick cut steak fries mmmmmm they are just fries I know, but they were seasoned to perfection and cooked perfectly! They also brought out I believe mac and cheese bites, those were pretty tasty, then sliders and chips and artichoke dip! OMG! I couldn't stop stuffing my face while we were bowling, the serves just kept coming out with more and more food..... woffta! I think I gained 10lbs before we left! Absolutely amazing food!After we stuffed our faces and bowled we were able to have 1 free hour of game play! It was terrific! Behind the bowling lanes back in the corner they have a large seating area and 2 more bars, then an arcade room! Its really neat! Not a ton of games like a big dave and buster, but very large for the bowling alley it is in! Lots of new fun games to play! I had a good time trying to kick everyone's butt in trivia!Lastly at the end of the night the GM passed out little cards for us to use anytime we come back! They were "Girls Night Out VIP" cards. I believe it gets us a discount on food or drinks when we return! I thought that was a nice little gift at the end of the night! Not only did you already wow me with your service, your food, your facility and your all around awesomeness, you let me leave with a pretty cool gift card! Thanks!!Lucky Strike staff and the GM I have to say a BIG thank you for hosting such a wonderful night for us Yelpers! It was amazing! I cant say one bad thing about your staff or your business! I look forward to coming back with all my friends! Thank you Lindsey again for creating such a wonderful event for us! You do such an awesome job!!!! Cant wait to see everyone again and cant wait to come back and have some more fun!! :D
5	Yelp's Game Night was so much fun! We Elite Yelpers definitely got lucky at Lucky Strike and Gypsy Bar. A huge thank you to Lindsey, Yelp, and Lucky Strike/Gypsy Bar. Upon arrival, a game card was handed out for one hour of game time over at Gypsy Bar. This included Pac Man, ski ball, air hockey, basketball, Wheel of Fortune, Terminator, Guitar Hero, a racing game, and a few more. I was the reigning champ of air hockey and won four times in a row. In the VIP room, there were four bowling lanes for us Yelpers to enjoy. While waiting for bowling, there was plenty of food being passed around. Chicken sliders, pizza, French fries, spinach artichoke dip, and deep fried mac'n'cheese. To quench your thirst, there were margaritas, wine, and beer. What a feast! I really enjoyed the pizza and the fries (which were super crispy). Overall, it was such a fun experience! Again, thank you Lindsey for putting together another amazing event. Plus, thanks to Lucky Strike and Gypsy Bar for having us. I will definitely be back.
5	Awesome night playing in the arcade and bowling. I loved all the great food, drinks, and fun. I can't wait to go back with the VIP card. Thanks Yelp and Lucky Strike!
5	Had a great time and SOOOO happy it was on a Friday so I could attend a long overdue Elite event.  Tempt me with bowling, beer, and games and I am always in.  I had a blast all around the event was great.  1 hour of games with plenty of options to not be waiting in line and another hour of bowling was awesome.  The food was great too I can't get enough of those friend mac and cheese bites.  They are so bad but soooo freaking good.  Thanks Yelp for setting up another great event and thanks Lucky Strike for having us all.  Can't wait to go back and start racking up points on my VIP card :)
5	So much laughter, smiles, and enthusiasm filled the air at Lucky Strike last Friday night during Yelp's Game Night. To ask if we were spoiled as Yelp elites would be an understatement as we paraded with trays full of scrump-dilly-umptious foods as we bowled the evening away. Whether if your score was close to 200 or flat zero, everyone was entirely supportive and cheering each other on. I so much enjoyed catching up with everyone, since our schedules are all consumed now with holiday "business." How were the foods you ask? Well I just adored the little buffalo chicken sliders and the fries with the dipping sauces. I went around to different lanes, "stealing" bites of the fried mac and cheese bites, which ironically looked like chicken nuggets but I was pleasantly surprised with cheesy mac and cheese. The flat bread pizzas, both cheese and pepperoni, were both thin and light. They were devoured very quickly! Draped in rich velvety curtains and neon lights that dawn the title, "Lucky Strike," with paper lanterns and a combination of music videos and sports on large screens above the bowling pins, the entire venue is a sensory explosion. And as if that wasn't enough, Lucky Strike Bowling Lanes decided to pair up with Gypsy Bar and add a whole dimension to the party atmosphere. Gypsy Bar dawned a large dance floor with a raised stage for the DJ with colorful screens in the background. I think we were a bit too early on a Friday night for the watching (or more like us...) participating with the whole dance scene going down. Many of us did, however, enjoy the arcade side of Gypsy Bar. It was a child's dream coming true, being able to play nearly endless games of shooting hoops. My hubs, Bryan, set the record on one of the basketball hoops game, beating the previously high score of 65 with 69I I didn't even come close with a score of 35! It definitely made his night though! Gypsy Bar had a pretty good happy hour going from 3pm to 7pm which is nice for those of us who get off work later than the average person. All I can say is, I'm ever so grateful to Lindsey as always for providing us with the opportunity to gather together and have fun for a game night at such a plush place like Lucky Strike and also Gypsy Bar. The service was great and I'm so glad they were able to host such a big party of Yelpers and they handled it with such ease and finesse that I wouldn't even second guess having a party here at later point in time!
5	This event made for a great Friday night! We were able to bowl at Lucky Strike, enjoy some margaritas & beer, and get stuffed by all of the bites that were continuously being brought out. Lucky Strike is a much more high end bowling alley than I'm used to. We got to bowl with the first group and indulged on chicken sliders, mac & cheese bites, pizza, fries with a delicious truffle sauce, and spinach artichoke dip. The food just kept coming and coming!  After our bowling game was complete we got to hop over to Gypsy Bar to play all of the arcade games. I had so much fun playing skeeball, air hockey, shooting hoops and rocking out on Guitar Hero. I can't wait to return with my voucher for another game of bowling. Thanks Yelp and Lindsey for a great event!
5	This was such a fun night!  I had never been inside this Lucky Strike (only to the one in Houston) and I was impressed with how nice and fancy it was inside.  Lindsey had great Yelp favors for all of us, and we each got passes to come back and enjoy another night of bowling.The food was all awesome.  My favorite was the mac and cheese bites!  They said it was going to be "light bites" but after trying the chicken buffalo burger, fries, mac and cheese, AND the spinach artichoke dip, I was stuffed.The most fun of the night was playing all the cool arcade games.  Skee-ball is pretty old school, but still so much fun.  I also liked the trivia game and the basketball game and the car racing.  The giant pac man game was neat-looking, but not all that entertaining.  I never knew they had that little video game section in back, so I'll keep that in mind for future visits.Thank you Yelp and Lucky Strike! I had a great time.
5	We were so darn excited to play unlimited arcade games, that we never managed to actually bowl!  But never fear, we still had an insane amount of fun, with the drinks, grub, and THE GAMES!!!Somehow I had been here before yet had no clue the arcade section even existed!  The only sad thing for me was that since we weren't able to redeem our games points for prizes, we also couldn't see how many points we managed to amass.  And...I know I'm not the only person who wishes they knew how much it would've cost to play as many arcade games as we managed in our hour. :)The staff were very welcome and accommodating to us, even though we were there at a fairly busy time (Friday night!!).  Of course, thanks to Lindsey and all the crew involved!  We had a blast! (And ate waaaaaaaaay too much of the fried macaroni and cheese bites)PS By the end of the evening my arms actually hurt from my amazing hoops shooting...talk about out of shape!
5	Another great Yelp event!It was my first time to Lucky Strike so I wasn't sure what to expect other than the bowling part.My boyfriend and I got there about 6:30, sat down on a couch and were immediately inundated with food - a great start, I would say! Chicken sliders, pizza, fries, mac n cheese balls - it just kept coming. I didn't care for the chicken sliders but the rest of the food was decent. On par with what you'd expect at a bowling alley.We signed up to bowl at 7:00 but at about 7:20 when they called names we were not on the list so we let go of bowling and headed to the game room. Free games for an hour was awesome! We had a blast playing skee-ball, trivia, basketball, air hockey and a really fun car racing game. We were so sad when our hour was up!Overall it made for a fun little date night. Thanks again, Yelp, for exposing us to fun places and activities!
5	This was one of my most favorite events in a long time! Between the food drinks and games, there was plenty to do. The bowling was awesome- it was the perfect setting to meet other Yelpers and all have some lighthearted competition. As for the place, well Ive been to Lucky Strike before and had fun. This put it over the top though and now I can't wait till I can plan my own party here. Thanks so much for putting this on.
5	Yet another fun elite event put together by Lindsey. Being able to mix food with bowling and arcade games. The food from Lucky Strike is not your typically bowling alley fare. The pizza has a nice crisp crust all around and great flavor. The margarita pizza was really good with great flavor from the basil (the key to any margarita pizza in my mind).  The buffalo sliders were ok but lacking the kick I would expect from a buffalo slider. This dish could use a bit more spice but the fries were really good. Nice fresh cut fries that were crisp and well seasoned. I had fun using the game card in the game room it was a good way to kill time until bowling started. The employees of Lucky strike were really nice and kept bringing food and keep dishes cleaned. They were also great helping with some of the lane issues we had when it came time to bowl getting things fixed quick. A fun night out with all my yelp friends thanks to the fine folks at Lucky Strike and Yelp.
5	You're never too old for game night! Lucky Strike was the perfect place to do not only that and more! They have a bowling alley, a bar, an arcade, pool tables, access to Gypsybar & dance floor, tv's, trendy lounge areas, food, food food and more food! Every time one platter of food was emptied another full one replaced it. The pizza was tasty and the fried Mac n cheese bites were hard to resist. It was a lot of fun bowling and cheering each other on, even though some of us didn't have game. I'm going to blame it on the A.a a.a a. AlCoHoL! My favorite part was the arcade, playing basketball, air hockey, and the four player Pac-man where put the smack down on Ashley B. Jon H and a perfect stranger! Lol Definitely a perfect place for a party, a ladies night out, date night, birthday, or anytime an adult wants to feel like being a kid! Thanks to Lucky Strike/Gypsybar, Yelp and our favorite party gal Lindsey for a great night out!
5	Lucky Strikes, already one of my favorite places for bowling and video games cause I totally dig their design and vibe. It has style and it's mostly for adults- although kids can have a great time too as we've attended several kid birthday parties here. So when Lindsey posted this as an Yelp Elite event, I happily RSVP'd yes!  The crowd was large, a +1 event- this just goes to show you the generosity of Lucky Strikes. We were treated to bowling, one hour endless play at the arcade, and the Gypsy Bar was also open to us (although I think no one ended up going to the bar/ dancing area)- we were all too busy having fun at bowling & the arcade!And the food!  It was never ending. There was pizza (very thin, crispy crust), buffalo chicken sliders, spinach dip, fried Mac and cheese dip, and French fries. All the food was good, much better than the typical bowling alley food. I love their fries- yum, yum, so delicious!  Yes, of course the night turned into my food cheat night!  And did I mention that the food just kept coming!!!  It was fantastic!!!I think if I lived closer downtown I would be a regular at this joint. Being that I don't live close by, I always get excited to be invited for an event or celebration here- and I always say yes!!!I wonder if I talk sweetly to the event coordinator that works for Lucky Strikes, she'll share with me the parties that are booked- this way I will have more reasons to show up and "pretend" I am one of the guest?!LOL- alright, I think this place is one coolness!!!
5	Eat and Play two of my three from my Yelp headline...nuff said. After checked in we found a place to settle and then the staff started bringing food...there were so many different kinds I was so full but they were so delicious that I can stop eating. The Fried Mac and Cheese was the most popular at our table I had to request more for Ms. Ashley because it ran out fast. Some people bowl first and I was in the 2nd round at the mean time I went and check out the arcade games...so much fun on a Friday night! Thank you Lucky Strike for hosting and Lindsey and Yelp for organizing it.
5	Super fun event.  I think it was my first Yelp event this year.  Thanks for the invite.  Great endless food, endless fun, and great way to kick off for the weekend.  It was too late for me to play bowling, since I have to wake up at 4:45am for work.  ;(    Had so much fun at arcade too!Great job Lindsey!  Thanks to Lucky Strike for having us!
