4	We went to a couple of performances by the Pittsburgh Opera Center, the Opera Company's training program - Brecht and Weill's Threepenny Opera and Bizet's Carmen. I loved the way both of these (very different) performances were staged, with very creative use of small spaces/stages and basic props and costumes. The voices were strong and the music was good and the whole thing was intimate and stunning, both times. And both performances had a good amount of humor in them, too. 5 stars.I also saw the Opera Company proper perform Tosca and Cosi Fan Tutti, but these were less remarkable.  I think I might have actually disliked certain performers and the costumes and sets were borrowed design from other companies. I think you can feel it when it's not a complete production. 3 stars.
4	Whether you are a headbanger or a punk rocker or a classics kind of person, the Opera is for you.  Murder, infidelity, kidnapping, intrigue, music, sex, booze . . . opera has something for everyone.  And in a world where everything is instant gratification, the opera has only 5 performances a year, so it's truly special when they come along.  Buy a couple of tickets, get dressed up, splurge on dinner with someone you love, and then enjoy the show.
4	This review isn't for the opera, this is for the venue space.Attended a wedding reception here and had more than a wonderful time.  The space is more than adequate to house all of your guests in a comfortable setting.  The staff made this run as smoothly as possible (even though an opera is no wedding I'm sure a wedding could be an opera).  The sound system was amazing and more than enough for a wedding.  The building I have to say was quite beautiful.  Exposed brick all over the place.  Great reuse of a building and quite unique I have to say.  Parking to attend anything here I would imagine is hard to find seeing that it is in the Strip District.  But once you find your spot and walk into the building you definitely know you're in for a good time.
5	I have been a subscriber to the Pittsburgh Opera for 5 years.  I have also attended the opera in other cities, most notably New York City and Sidney, and I feel that we are very lucky to have such an excellent company in Pittsburgh.  The season usually provides lots of variety, and the artistic standards are very high.  The Benedum itself is a magnificent venue to attend an opera, they have done a wonderful job restoring this historic building.  The acoustics of the Benedum are also really excellent.  The super titles are easy to read from just about any seat.  The orchestra is well rehearsed and play beautifully.  I also think that most people have  misconceptions about opera which can be easily be proved wrong by visiting the Pittsburgh Opera.
