1	Terrible haunted attraction. Waited in line for 2 hours to get in, then there were only 5 scenes in the corn maze. There were hardly any actors, we just walked through corn with nothing jumping out at us. The very first scene we came to the actor was talking to another actor then he saw us and made a very sad attempt to scare us. It didn't work!  I would defintely not recommend this place. The corn mazes at Fear Farm were much better.
3	For the price, the haunted maze isn't bad.  As pSomeone else mentioned, there were very few.scares for the length of trail we walked.  There are about 5 scenes, a couple were moderately spooky.  At the end of the day, I'm a cheapskate.  It's hard for me to find value in most things.  This venue was no different.  I'll give it a 60%, or 3 stars.  It would've only been two, but barn yard animals get me every time!
3	Took my husband here for a little haunted date. In all his 50 years, he'd never been to a corn maze. I had so I have something to compare to. The price is steep. It's only worth 8~10$/person. Parking is tight. True, they only have a few scenes. If something is called a maze, you're supposed to be able to get lost in it, right? This is not a maze. You follow one pathway. I was confused about why I couldn't leave the trail and actually get confused! But my husband enjoyed having jokesters jump out at him.Afterwards, sitting by the huge bonfire and sipping on hot cocoa was kinda cool.
5	I have been here twice and I must say for someone who goes to all the haunted attractions in the valley... this one is pretty good. But then again I'm a big wuss when it comes to haunted houses/corn mazes. This place makes for a fun cheap date night...love the farm animals and pumpkin patch as well.
4	Went with a couple of friends, who had to pick me up a few times.  I am not afraid of chainsaws (Fear Farm), but people jumping out at me does scare the bejesus out of me.  Even though I know it's coming, they got me every time.  We did get off the path once and the dude with the chainsaw trapped us.  But it was one dude, not 12.  Rode the tricycle around the track afterwards and cracked up.  Nothing like acting like a 10 year old on Halloween!
5	After starting to attend haunted houses in 2012, I feel like I'm pretty much a connoisseur of the damned by now. We hit FOS opening night 2014 and it was a blast. I was initially hesitant because of how few days the attraction is open -- only twice a week for a month -- and how reasonable the price was ($16 but you can get a $2 off coupon on their website).We drove past the parking lot once but, once inside, checked out the pumpkins for sale and petting zoo set up. There were a lot of people congregated at the trampoline/race track and a handful of families entering the fun maze but it was nothing like the never-ending queues that seem to make up certain haunted houses. There is no fast pass option here so plan accordingly -- can't just throw money at a long wait here.There were about three groups ahead of us when we got to the haunted maze entrance. They stagger your entrance time and, for us, it worked. We never came close to the group ahead of us, keeping the spooks fresh and unexpected. Don't know what their max group size is -- we had 4. Not going to drop any specifics about the haunt but it was very well done. Going through the corn is a whole other experience from the conventional haunted house. Yes -- it is a single path, not a maze -- but there are so many turns on the path that you are constantly "in the moment" rather than the conventional walk-into-room-get-spooked-walk-out-of-the-room format. All in all, it wasn't the biggest (no fair attractions or food booths) but it was the best haunted house experience I've had in Phoenix.I'd recommend shoes since I wore flip flops and, though it says no running, you will get some startles that will have you almost pushing Jenny over in hopes of saving yourself (or, at least, I did).
4	On a beautiful Friday night we visited the haunted corn maze. It was well done and a long walk at  1 mile, however the missing ingredient to anything haunted is to worry what is around the next corner. Because of the mile long walk it might have been too much for the owners to staff with ghouls, so it fell short of that. There are parts to the walk where you kind of sink into the ground so may not be suitable for certain individuals, but certainly an enjoyable time for young adults and big kids like us.
5	We visit all the haunts in Phoenix, and by far this has to be one of the scariest. The atmosphere alone is creepy. This is an amazing haunt and I would recommend it to anyone who wants a great scare. We will definitely be going back to this one!
5	Omg we had an amazing and screaming time. We went on Halloween night and enjoyed the petting areas before we entered the Field of Screams. We were about 8th in line and what I loved is they take you in by your group so the party before us went they a few minutes later my husband and I started. Once in there's no turning back and you spend the next 30-40 minutes walking thru a corn field where every few turns you risk encountering zombies, masked killers, ghouls and your worse nightmare. I was surprised how much they were able to pull off and all the hidden surprises thru out the maze. A few times what I thought was a prop ended up being a real person. So watch your back. Very well done and def worth seeing. Happy Halloween
