5	Helpings has amazing coffee and food but what is truly impressive is that this cafe changes lives. The baristas gain work experience with every order and will take those skills with them as they gain employment, independence and permanent housing! Stop by, order some of the worlds best muffins and help end family homelessness!!!!
5	Great food - especially the muffins. They also serve Starbucks coffee along with lunch items like sandwiches and salads.What is really great about Helpings is that the proceeds support UMOM, a homeless shelter for families. I like that my Starbucks addition can make a difference!
5	Wonderful foods with a very appetizing presentation and great coffee also . This is a training program at UMOM for homeless people to learn skills. It is large and sparkling clean. The people are very friendly, professional, and eager to please! A great contribution to help end homelessness.
5	What a phenomenal concept. Not only do they have excellent sandwiches, salads, muffins & a Starbucks,  all proceeds go to the UMOM family homeless shelter.  All the employees are residents training to be baristas & culinary workers & will have marketable job skills when they transition to living independently. Please support this place. Not only will you enjoy the food,  but you'll be making a huge contribution to our community.
5	Helpings is the ultimate meeting location - great space, energy, food, beverages & cause. Perfect for a student working on homework, friends catching up over coffee or community leaders collaborating at the large beautifully reclaimed table. Choosing to purchase your Starbucks or freshly made artisan sandwich here also casts a vote for the kind of place you want Phoenix to be - a city where we care for our vulnerable, offer them job training, opportunities to build a resume and truly end the cycle of homelessness.I especially love the grilled chicken salad and the pesto chicken sandwich, and of course the funky monkey muffin as well!
5	Absolutely love the food and even more, the mission of this place. Great lunch stop and can't wait to order catering from there for work. Spread the word, spread the love!
5	It's a great place to sit and chat. Food is fresh and yummy. Not to mention it's for a good cause!
5	Just had a box lunch at an event and it was amazing. Great work helpings cafe!!!   One thing I'll point out is I had to search for your contact info as the box has no address nor phone number and I would like to use you for my future events.  Might think about adding contact info to top of box or maybe on a tab I could pull off..  GREAT FOOD!!!!
5	It's a rare thing nowadays when you find a place with as a heart as Helpings Cafe has. They serve awesome food, baked goods and drinks as well as catering and they have a small market inside as well. Located on Van Buren and 33rd street right next to UMOM, they provide funds to help house and train the homeless and underprivileged and well as school supplies to children that what otherwise wouldn't be able to afford to have. I love the concept, as a man who one day wants to own his own restaurant that would by day be a restaurant and by night be a soup kitchen I really appreciate this wonderful place.Today I enjoyed a wonderfully delicious Morning Glory muffin and a latte. The muffin was so moist it left no dry spot in my mouth and filled my mouth with so many flavors that I just wanted to keep eating more. Filled with veggies and fruit it's a muffin I didn't have to feel too bad about eating either. It was in no way heavy like most muffins, and was truly a "morning glory" to my taste buds. Price wise they are very affordable, especially compared to most bakeries, local restaurants and coffee shops around the valley. I will definitely be back soon to enjoy more food, drinks, and baked goods; as well as to share more cooking stories and see if I can help in any way. Do yourself a favor and stop on in and grab a bite and a drink, while supporting a great cause.
5	I sponsored a seminar for 190 attendees and hired Helpings Catering to bring in food for the event.  I'm so glad I did!  From start to finish, it was so easy working with them.  They prepared wonderful sandwiches, a salad and cookies and chips, along with drinks.  The chips were homemade and, while there were some left after the event,  there was not one left by the next morning - they were so good!  The sandwiches were top quality as was the salad.  My attendees were raving about the food.  It's nice to help support UMOM without one bit of sacrifice on quality.  Danielle, thanks for everything - it was a pleasure.
