5	This is by far the BEST chinese food place in Madison and probably the midwest (since we've lived in Saint Paul, MN too and there doesn't seem to be any good Chinese food anywhere- except maybe in Chicago).  This is the place where Chinese people eat.  We've been there many times and always take friends there.  The venue is huge- plenty of parking and table space.  They even have different rooms for large groups.   The cold jellyfish dish is one of our favorites- but it is an acquired taste.  The mao po tofu is fresh and delicious.  Another favorite is the scallops as well as the greens with oyster mushroom dish.  Enjoy!
2	I've eaten at China Palace eight to ten times in the couple of years it has been open.  What I've learned is that it can be great one time and lousy the next.  The kitchen is very uneven.  I generally like their Governor's Shrimp for example.  It generally has a spicy sweet sauce with a light breading on the shrimp.  The last time I went, this same dish was cloyingly sweet with some kind of fruity sauce and the breading was heavy, laden with grease.  I could repeat this same story for any number of dishes I've tried there.  Sometime lots of spice, sometimes little.  Sometimes lots of veggies in the dishes, sometimes just a few.  And so on.They do have an interesting menu and my Chinese friends have enjoyed it.  It's the closest thing to an authentic style of Chinese cuisine we have in Madison but it's a long way from the best of its kind.Another issue is that they haven't invested anything in the decor or ambience.  It's old school bad Chinese restaurant style and it looks really old and worn.
5	China Palace may be the best Chinese food I've had--EVER.  I've heard from friends who had bad experiences here several years ago, but the restaurant is under new management and it's FANTASTIC.  The Kung Pao chicken is to die for (order it Chinese Style, and hot--if you dare!).  The best meal I had at the China Palace, though, was when I asked the waiter ("Michael," who by the way plays classical guitar some nights) what was good.  He selected a menu for me and my friends that was absolutely delicious, and very reasonable.  Be sure to go with friends who are willing to pass the dishes (not the "I'm just going to get this" type).  It's an adventure, and I go every chance I get!
