4	This my local Starbucks and probably my favorite.  Great staff and generally fast service even on the busiest days.
5	The baristas is here are awesome and the store is very clean.  The bathrooms were extremely clean when I went in there.  The baked goods were good to go and the drinks came out in a hurry.  I like this location and the people.  Would come back again
3	If the price of coffee was lower these would easily been 5 stars but I can easily get 4 coffees at AMPM (3 paid and 1 free) for the price of one coffee here. I do love some of their options and I do drink coffee here atleast once a week.
2	Terrible service. First, they charged me for a venti when I ordered a grande. Then, I had to wait for more than 15 minutes for my drink because they made a few drinks in a row wrong. At one point there were more drinks waiting on the counter than people in the store, and yet somehow none of them were mine. At least they made me the larger size that I didn't order. Tip: go to the other Starbucks down the street. I'm convinced the workers at the one don't listen or care.
4	We stopped here after here surviving a terrifying dust storm on I-10.  We were lucky.  The people on our side of the freeway managed to stop safely and skillfully.  The people on the other side weren't as lucky:  http://www.sfgate.com/news/us/article/3-dead-after-dust-causes-crashes-on-I-10-in-Ariz-4936646.php  After we continued on our way we saw many highway patrol vehicles heading for what we inferred was a pileup on the southbound side.  We got off the freeway and after driving a while saw this Starbucks.  We made a U-turn and went back to it.  I had a cup of Earl Grey tea and Alan had an iced coffee.  Jazz played overhead and it was a comfortable place to relax and unwind.  The bathrooms were clean and comfortable.  I'm neither a partisan nor a hater of Starbucks.  This was a hospitable place to regroup before getting back on the road.  The barista was helpful and friendly.
3	I stopped here at 2:15 for an iced coffee.  There are only 3 people in store and I can't see how many card are in the drive-thru but they seem to only be concerned about their customers in the cars because it took 5 minutes to pour a simple black iced grande coffee!
5	I love Starbucks.... I'm a regular at this Starbucks location..... Employees are friendly and courteous the only downfall is the lines early in the morning but that's to be expected with everyone needing coffee and trying to get to work!! Caramel macchiato is my favorite.... Sometimes I get the refreshers .... When getting a refresher you must ask for light ice other wise you'll only get a few sips out of it before it's all gone ... Other than that I love this store and the friendly staff definitely best Starbucks location in town...
4	This shop is off the hook. They know who and what their customers are and they adapt to it. They make sure that we get the coffee that we need.
4	This is a great place to take a break and have a long breather that you always needed. I love it in here because they have fresh brewed tea and the lemons are always fresh.
4	This is a great place to take a break and have a long breather that you always needed. I love it in here because they have fresh brewed tea and the lemons are always fresh.
