3	I actually came here on a whim a couple weeks ago after craving froyo.  It's really close to my house, so when I noticed this taking the Coldstone spot I was pretty excited.  First impression, I like the layout, but when I came in it looked way too dark.  Light stimulates appetite and I felt like I couldn't really see what I was doing, so it deterred me from going crazy.The flavors are pretty typical and are similar to Yogurtland or any other self-serve yogurt place, so I can't say I was thrilled or surprised at all.I think there is a lot of potential here and I really want to see this place get popular since it's the only one in my area, but it's pretty similar to every other frozen yogurt place. I'd like to see this shop incorporate some creative marketing ideas and make it their's.  Luckily they are new and it's possible to turn things around.
5	I just came back from trying the yogurt here and I must say I enjoyed it! My boyfriend and I actually ended up here because we took a wrong turn on our way back to UNLV. I am pretty glad we did because the yogurt here is pretty great! For being a very new business, they have a great selection of yogurts, toppings, and different sauces you can put on top. I added some photos of the different flavors available so check the business photos page!After taking a look around, I decided to try the kiwi strawberry yogurt. The kiwi strawberry was perfect for me because I don't like when my yogurt is too sweet. This yogurt offered the right amount of tangy flavor to counteract the sweetness. It was delicious and I only paid a little under $2.50 for it. Not bad considering how much I usually pay at places like Yogurtland or Pinkberry. After my purchase I received a stamp card. The stamp card allows you, on your 10th visit/stamp, to get 16oz of frozen yogurt free! What a deal right?! That should be more than enough incentive to come here.Another great feature about this place is they have free wi-fi! There are couches and chairs so you can sit down with your laptop or iPad and enjoy some delicious yogurt. They also have a couple TVs for your entertainment. The employees at Chill-N-Yogurt were very friendly and welcoming. I really enjoyed my visit to Chill-N-Yogurt and will definitely be coming back again!
4	So, even with my first mediocre review of this place I continue to come here and buy froyo.  It's very laid back and really facilitates people hanging out and "chillin" while they eat their yogurt.  I think that's pretty sweet.  I just like coming here and getting my froyo fix primarily because it's so close to where I live and sweeter than Red Mango (which is at the Boulevard Mall).  I don't get fruity frozen yogurt, so maybe that impacts how I feel about the flavors, but the non-fruit flavors are pretty good.I love that they now have stamp cards.  I'm hoping that once they get their footing they will have their own fancy cups.  Now that I think about it, this place really reminds me of Yofrutto that use to be by the university in the sense that the staff are really motivated to see their company do well.
5	Super chill environment, big portion cups to choose from and freeeeeee wifi! The froyo was a little softer than other places I've been too so it melted a little faster. Stillllll delicious.
4	located in an area of town where there are almost no self serve frozen yogurt places, this place is a gem!  upon walking in, i noticed that the room was large (unlike most frozen yogurt places), clean (not sticky), and blue blue blue!  there were televisions, sofas, cool rolly chairs, and a swingy bench (sorry i'm not that great at naming furniture).  the yogurt here is 36c an ounce i think, which is like ten cents less than yo fresco at the fashion show mall.  there are three cups to choose from which excited me because i can never eat too much yogurt at one time.  the smallest one was the perfect size for me.there are lots of flavors to choose from and a few that i chose were vanilla (no sugar), coffee (no sugar), chocolate, cookies and creme, and cake batter.  i didn't like cookies and creme and coffee though.. they were bitter.  as for toppings, i'd say that they have double the amount of toppings than other frozen yogurt places.  a few of the more uncommon toppings i found here were maraschino cherries, mochi, and two flavors of popping boba (you must try!).  there were syrups and fruit too.. but i didn't get them.  the fruit looks very fresh though so i'll have to try that next time.even though the place was empty when i came, it seemed like a very nice place to just "chill out" because of the comfy atmosphere.  overall, this is definitely a place that i would visit again because of the great price and the comparatively larger variety of yogurt flavors and toppings.  i'm taking one star off though because the bitterness of the two flavors mentioned above left a weird taste in my mouth.p.s. theres a charge for card purchases under $5 so bring cash.
5	Awesome, friendly service!  Yummy toppings, the fruit is fresh and beautiful.  Comfy seating, great atmosphere, well done!
5	I love this spot and I am glad it is in our neighborhood!  All the flavors I have had are excellent, I think peanut butter is my fave but they are all quality.  I love the self serve yogurt shop and these folks do it well.
5	Very reasonably priced, and the folks there were friendly.  Aside from that, the toppings and flavors were fantastic. The decor made me feel like I was 12.  I think I liked that, but not everyone will.  Certainly worth a try, as it's a better value than any yogurt place in town.
5	First time here, it's a nice little frozen yogurt spot. It's not so busy on the inside which was nice, and who doesn't love some EDM. The flavors were great, and they had a nice variety of toppings
5	Best froyo ever! And the guys are super cool! If you beat them in Tetris you get free froyo - bad news is that the guy is a Tetris grand master. Go here! The no sugar added vanilla is fantastic!
4	Clean is hard to come by when sticky yogurt is concerned but they really make sure the place is spotless. There are plenty of choices in yogurt and twice as many toppings. The price is good and the service is attentive. Cash is preferred as they charge to use the credit machine. They have coconut yogurt which is my favorite so I will be back again.
5	This is the best yogurt I have tasted anywhere in Las Vegas!!!!  I have been coming here for almost a year since I have moved to the neighborhood and from that time  I have been ruined for any other yogurt. Their flavors taste better and they have the best and freshest toppings. The place is always immaculate and I adore the Tetras obsessed proprietors. It would be worth moving to be close to this joint!!!!
5	Best frozen yogurt in town.  This place is very clean and it doesn't get too busy.  They go beyond just serving yogurt as my son enjoys just hanging out here.  The visit is always a TREAT.  Thanks guys!
3	A pretty good place. However, their yogurt melts quicker than any other froyo places I've been to. Also, their flavors aren't that great compared to others. Sometimes or maybe often they don't have a "usual" flavor. Not bad tho.
2	Great yogurt place and close by!!! Also .35 per ounce great price!!!But we went there yesterday  7:25p, dark and closed!?! I called number on door and VM said open Sat til 9.....I left a msg: Where are y'all!?!?! Don't understand how a business thinks they can run with this kind of behavior!!
3	I think this place is closed. Dropped by recently on a Saturday afternoon and the door was locked. Appears to be lights out but cannot not 100% confirm.
1	Every single website or link to your website says that you are open until 10. I have driven there 3 times in one week and you have been closed every single time. Who closes for 3 f*cking days for the 4th of July?! Um you suck and you need to change the times on your website, yelp, and Google maps. I am never going back there I don't mind driving 20 minutes to U-Swirl. At least they're open when they say they will be.
4	I stopped by after work for froyo, the door is locked and they are closed. What's going on with the business? I really love this place hope they are remodeling and not closing down. This is one of the few best froyo places in central Vegas. I was really craving the peanut butter froyo with strawberries. Awe man!! I hope you guys aren't bailing out on us!! :-(
2	Went by again about three weeks ago and they were open. However, they only had about half the normal toppings available. Went by again about a week or so ago and the door was locked. I'm thinking that I caught them at the right time a few weeks ago. My gut tells me that they were probably selling out the remaining inventory.Think it's time to put a fork in it.
