1	So upon first contact I think that this is going to be the company that I change to for all of my printing needs because their prices are great. I go through the order, pay them in cash and expect everything to go smoothly. How wrong I was. For my first trial order, I only ordered 1,000 business cards. I had my art in on Monday, paid on Tuesday and was promised my cards on Saturday. For $13 you really can't beat that. I get a call on Thursday saying that they did the run of cards but they printed both sides the same. Ok well I think "They can reprint, no problem." Needless to say I ordered 2 weeks in advance to make sure I had GOOD business cards for our charity event the following Saturday. So Saturday comes, no cards. Apparently the driver didn't show up until 9pm, but no one called to inform me. They were closed on Sunday so I called on Monday, the bad cards are here but the corrected ones will be here Wednesday. Ok, again, no problem I don't HAVE to have them until Saturday. So Wednesday comes, no call, so again I call them. They didn't come today, but they'll be here with the driver tomorrow... cool. Let's just say that today is Thursday, NO corrected cards and they won't arrive until Saturday evening which is too late for my charity event which starts at 9 am.I am a VERY reasonable person and as a business owner I appreciate that things happen, human error is unavoidable. HOWEVER, I also understand that when errors occur it is good customer service to make things right. When I called in to see if I could get the business cards that I ordered, 2 weeks in advance, on time for my event I was told that they could ship the at my expense. Really? So I put in my order and paid on time, I was promised the cards by Saturday. Due to the PRINTER'S error, the wrong cards were printed and sent. So instead of making good and retaining a potentially regular customer, they lose one. A simple shipping charge would have saved them a loyal customer. Too bad.
4	Though my first experience with this company was a bit rocky, as a business owner, I can appreciate growing pains. After a lengthy conversation with the manager I have decided to give the company another shot. I very much appreciated the time Michael took to explain the situation and apologize. Good customer service is priceless.I know when some people look at a situation like this they may think "It's just a small order of business cards, why all the fuss?" Well this is why... you never know if that small order is going to be a one time customer or an all the time customer. In my business I did $10k worth of printed products last year. I'm looking to save money and at the same time have a smooth experience. I know that if someone values my business on a small scale then they'll do a great job on a larger scale.
1	I'm in the market for a good local printer. I called yesterday to get a price quote for postcards. They told me $200 for 5000 4x11 EDDM cards. They instructed me to email them for artwork upload. I did and never got an email back. I called again, spoke to a very uncertain sounding guy and he apparently just got my emails. I asked him if he could print just 2000 and he said he can only do 1000 for $150, so I said then the 5000 for $200 is a better deal,  to which he said 5000 would be $375. I said that's not what your office quoted me yesterday. He then hesitated and said "oh ok." They will print out 1000 but not 2000???? What kind of printer is that?I don't like shifty business practices and if they're new, they shouldn't come off sounding like scam artists if they want business. Overall, just based on this important initial first impression, I don't feel comfortable giving this place my business and entrusting them to handle my print marketing. I will remain with my current online printer and pay a tad more for a dependable vendor.
1	2 words... bad business. I should've learned the first time. I have gone 3 times during the posted business hours to pick up my order and the shop was closed. It is impossible to get an order processed and delivered on time. I will continue my search for a dependable local printer.
3	I decided to write a review to go along with the 1-star reviews. You get what you pay for, and what you're paying for is a no-frills service for great quality product at just a fraction of a price of the next cheapest competitor. Have you looked online at some of those services? Even ones that offer amazing coupon rates don't come close to TPP's prices. On the other hand, if you're looking for hand-holding and flexibility, this probably isn't your place. They do gang-run printing, which means the quantities are fixed because every run is probably 1,000 sheets of 4' x 4' paper. That's how they can have such low prices, but yes, it does limit their flexibility. I'll admit it's been a couple years since I've used them (takes awhile to go through 5,000 business cards) so maybe in the past few months things have gone WAY downhill, but for now I'll give them credit where it's due - price and product.
1	If only you could give them a negative star review.such a crappy company. This is by far the most unprofessional operation I have ever dealt with in Las Vegas. Absolutely avoid. I would say you get what you pay for but you pay and you wait and wait and wait. If you can get them on the phone you get excuses. They will irritated you with stupid questions and when you ask for a refund t h en say why do you want a refund. I only attempted using them because my business is located very close by but I rather pay more and get what I paid for ON TIME and not be hung up on by 2 different people. Best of luck to them but they will not see any business from me or my clients.
1	Waited over 2 weeks for product and was never produced. Till this day I haven't received what I paid for. Called a few times and they give the run around. That it was being delivered, I heard this 4 times in two weeks. Order was never printed nor delivered. Called and Gayle hung up on me. Business is unprofessional and Gayle has a neurotic attitude. She said that for what I paid that I had no reason to complain. My complaint was that I paid for a product that I didn't receive and will I ever receive? I don't even give this business a one star, I recommend that no one ever does business with this company!
1	This company doesn't deserve a star!!! Bunch of bitch made convicts who think they can cheat people from cards and get away with it!!! My woman ordered cards for our business, was told that we were getting them within 4 days, and never received a call, email, no nothin! Not only did they run with our money, they ran with our cards and decided to file bankruptcy! Bottom of the barrel trash business. Those who worked and operated the business should be receiving some heavy kharma ;). Good luck dumb fucks! Damn!!! I was forced to give em a star!! The star does not exist!
