5	This is a great service. To be honest, though, I cannot compare it to any other service in the area. I have used another well-known junk removal service in another area, and it was really expensive. The charge for Xpress seemed reasonable to me, especially considering the fact that he helped the donation guy, who was at our home at the same time, to load his truck with the stuff that I was donating. Very nice and friendly, plus hard-working. He hauled away quite a bit of stuff, saving me the time and trouble of hauling it in multiple loads.It was also mentioned that Xpress donates some of the stuff worth donating, and he told me that they can sometimes bring back a donation receipt to help offset the cost of hauling the junk. (I didn't need a donation receipt for this junk).BTW, he arrived on time, and he worked quickly. Highly recommended!
5	Nothing but good things to say - efficient, very reasonably priced and friendly.  Great clean up.
5	I'm so happy I found Xpress Junk services!  As last phase of preparing my late mother's home in Sun City for sale, I had two big piles of estate sale leftovers, yard waste and assorted trash to remove from the property.  I looked at the website of a national junk hauler but what put me off from them was that they would not give even ball-park fees on their website. Then I found Xpress, a local family owned company and was very happy I called them!  They were so pleasant and easy to work with. This was especially helpful since I don't live in the area and had to make the arrangements by phone.  They came to the house at my convenience (when the realtor was there), did a fabulous job removing the debris and cleaning up the area, and gave me a discount!  I also appreciate that they agreed to wait a day to run my credit card, even though they'd already done the work. The realtor was very impressed also and plans to recommend Xpress to her future clients in the area. Thanks so much for your great service!
5	Kevin over at Xpress Junk Removal is the best. We've used a couple junk removal services in the area that are good, but Kevin is GREAT. He is extremely kind, great communication via phone, arrived on time (able to access the house without someone present which is super helpful during workdays!), did a great job (Xpress takes everything including cleaning supplies) and - of course - has the best prices. Kevin is extremely reliable and just an all around great guy. We wish we would have known him before so we could have used him all the time! At least we know him now and would recommend him to anyone.
5	Kevin and his help were amazing! Prompt to come, humble and fast to service. That is a 5 star service. Beyond what I expected. Feeling so lucky to have you referred to me!! Thank you for decluttering my home from years of accumulated junk. Will highly recommend to colleagues, family and friend. Kevin is you guy if you need to prep your house for a sale, rent or jut de clutter.
5	XPress Junk is at the top of the trash heap removers. Kevin and Fernando responded quickly to an urgent situation in Sun City at our new home and before the sun was high in the sky, they had the situation under control. They even cleaned up the floors/rugs after they'd loaded up all the unnecessary furniture and 'junk' before our moving van arrived with our east coast household goods. We selected XPress Junk due to it's quality Yelp reviews. We now highly recommend this company for quality of work, communication, responsiveness, and politeness of all the employees. Sincerely, Karen & Art (Karts) Huseonica
