5	Millennium Day Spa is great for haircuts and other spa beauty treatments.  I will admit I've only gone for my hair stylist, Mandy, but she is so fantastic, I'm giving the place 5 stars.  She is very artistic and knows a lot of good things to do with color.  I've been going to Mandy for many years now and have sent many friends her way because she is fantastic in such a way as to accomodate all types of hair styles and tastes.
5	Lindsey Sacco is the best stylist I've ever had, and when I moved to Tucson, she was the one person I knew I wouldn't be able to replace (service-wise).  I still have her cut my hair when I come up to Phoenix to visit my family, and I will keep going to her until she decides to move out of the Phoenix area.The Millenium Day Spa itself is wonderful.  Everyone is nice, it's always clean, and every time I go there, it's a very peaceful experience.
5	My hair girl Deanna is the best!!! She works limited hours but her hilite treatment is the most even hilite i have ever had!!! If you want blond hilites go see my girl!!!
5	I am extremely critical of whoever cuts/colors my hair.  I like it done a particular way and have always struggled to find a hairstylist that I can communicate what I want and they get it done.  Danielle Coleman is not only the best stylist I have come across but she is reliable, extremely nice and very professional.  Go see her now! You will not regret it!
5	I am so glad Danielle Coleman is my hair stylist! My search is over from hopping from one stylist to another. Danielle is amazing at carrying out your vision of how you want your hair to look. So many times I have shown her a picture from a magazine and when I leave the salon it looks exactly like it! On top of being a talented stylist, she is easy to talk to and always makes time to fit me in to her schedule! Hire her! You will fall in love with her just like I did!
5	Love this salon, but I especially love my stylist Danielle Coleman ! She is awesome my hair has never looked better and I'm very picky. Not only is she extremely proficient and up to date on different techniques and trends she is one of the sweetest people I have ever met. Go to Danielle your hair will look amazing!
5	Love Miss Deanna!!! Best hilites EVER!!!! She does them different then i have ever seen in my life but they are the best!! :)
