5	These guys are awesome, came out same day to rekey all our office locks. They made us several copies and made sure they all worked. Very professional family owned business and I just loved their customer service. They really go out of their way. We screwed up and my assistant left the wrong key for me and when I called at 5 am they were ready to help me out. Couldn't believe they answered that early so they handle emergencies. HIGHLY RECOMMEND theses guys.
5	I e-mailed Jeff at the lock shop, I had two Dodge key with the fob attached needing to be cut and programed. Jeff quoted me a very fair price for both keys to be cut and programed. The local Dodge dealer wanted about 20 dollars more. Jeff even gives a Military discount of 10%. Jeff's wife and daughter completed the cutting and programing of both keys within 15 minute with an out the door price that I could take my wife out to dinner with the savings.I did call one other key shop ACME I think it is called wanted 2 dollars per side to cut plus the programing. They wanted more then the Dodge dealer wanted. Jeff is a very fair person and his family provided a great service. Thank you The Lock Shop!!!!!
5	They were terrific! Answered the phone when I called. They were very pleasant. They arrived during the time frame they gave. They completed the work quickly! There were no hidden charges and they made sure I was completely satisfied with everything! I highly recommend them!!!
5	Mr. Forgetful put the golf cart key with the garage door remote keychain into the pocket of my swim trunks and took a nice swim in the pool.  Got out and looked for the key by our stuff on a poolside table and then realized.... oh _ _ _ _!   Yup, the remote was toast.  A helpful neighbor loaned me their phone and recommended The LOCK Shop as they were literally right across the street from our community here in Mesa.Jeff, the owner (bless his heart) locked up shop and came over himself right away as all of his techs were out on other jobs.  Within a minute he had the garage side door unlocked which allowed me to gain access to our house all for a very reasonable price.Talk about being able to get us out a jam in a hurry!  Jeff buddy, YOU ROCK!!  Thanks very much!
5	My friend lost her Toyota Camry key and searched about 8 hours for it.  I placed a call to The Lock Shop and when they showed up had the car running within 45 minutes.He was courteous & professional AND I highly recommend them.
4	Not too friendly but quick and to the point. Who needs a friendly locksmith anyways? Got the job done and that's all that matters. Will definitely come back if I ever need more help.
