4	This is a nice little cafe.  What was great was that they had staff that were knowledgeable of the area and spoke English.  I had a really tasty vanilla latte!
5	U are what U eat is the concept behind Java U, and if you stroll around Montreal these Cafes are all over. There are 25 local locations including the Airport.This java U is located beside / in the  Intercontinental Hotel.  The java u concept was born in Montreal. With their presentation, gourmet ingredients, and fast, friendly service, java u offers an affordable and convenient indulgence for any time of day, with an upscale ambiance.  Java u serves more than 20 kinds of gourmet paninis and wraps, along with baked goods and a menu of soups and salads that changes daily. Try a unique Latte concoctions like Grasshopper, Notre Dame and Nutella flavours.I just grabbed a chocolate chip muffin. It was large and it had so many tiny chocolate chips in it, and it was moist. A great treat that did not disappoint.    I'de defiantly come back to any Java U location, everything just looked soo good.
5	First stop in Montreal - COFFEE!!Such a funky place.  My latte was served in a simply long large glass mug with a long, slim spoon.  It was frothy and rich - first thought:  best latte I've ever had.  And now that I'm back in NY, the best latte's I've ever had were all in Montreal!Trendy furnishings, colors of white, clear and orange.  They had gift items like mugs and traveling cups too that all looked pretty cool.  Great international chain!
5	This cafe has coffee, ice cream, smoothies, fast free wifi, comfy chairs, work benches, lots of electrical outlets, clean bathrooms, good music at a good volume.The espresso was strong and not over-roasted, and their are a number of interesting drinks on the coffee menu. I got a Viennese latte because I'm a fan of John Irving. It was as delicious as described in The Hotel New Hampshire.The ice cream was rich and sweet, which I like, and served in reasonable portions. The smoothies were thick and tasted strongly of the fruit that was supposed to be in them.The space is clean, quiet, well-lit, and comfortable for work and relaxation. There is also a lot of it, and not very many customers. The staff is friendly and responsible.It is pretty much everything I could ever want from a cafe, and a dollop of whipped cream more.
4	Very nice open space, with delicious coffee creations.  I loved the mochaccino, and the service was extremely friendly and welcoming.
4	The lattes were the best lattes that we had ever had. I wish we could give this place 5 stars. The sandwiches, while they have a good variety of them, are not so great. My Cadilac croissant sandwich was good, the cheese choice was delicious. The smoked meat sandwich my husband got was not good, he could not even finish eating it. If you want a good smoked meat sandwich go up the street to Gros Jambon, theirs is amazing. I would definitely come back here for lattes as they are so so good but I would not get food here again.
