5	Not being a drinker this is not a store I would ever really think about checking out. But there are times one needs wine and some hard liquor for company. This place has it seems everything and at reasonable prices, Not knowing much I asked several question of an employee so I would be getting things our Friends would actually drink and they answered everything with enthusiasm.
5	I love you BevMo !!!!This place has everything you need to make some righteous drinks. Everyone that works here is very friendly and helpful. I am here at least once a week stocking up when they have sales. Last week they had a sale on wines that were buy one get one for 5 cents, what a bargain.
4	I love this quiet location right of I-10.  Their selection is exactly as reported online, and the online orders I placed are always ready for pickup when they are supposed to be.  Parking is wide open, service is good, and the area isn't overpopulated yet so it's always relatively quiet here.
5	A stop a BevMo will get you all the drinks and related items you need for a barbeque or party or just drinking at home.  The employees at this location are very helpful and courteous.  This is like the Costco of liquor stores.  Enjoy.
2	I was sorely disappointed by the meager selection at this store, and I'll be driving all the way to the Arrowhead TotalWine from now on, where I can create my own 6-pack of beer, rather than being forced to choose between pre-packed 6-packs or $4-$6 larger bottles of beer. Such a rip-off.
1	I use to shop at this place all the time. But since they changed management and the way I was treated there was unacceptable. The people there really need to have better customer service skills especially the Manager. You will never see me there again and I usually drop $300 to $500 every visit. But they don't care if you spend a $1... Asking for help is like pulling teeth.
2	I was pretty disappointed in the size of this location. It's super small and had a really small selection compared to other BevMo locations I have visited. It's a shame because the staff wes super friendly and helpful. I may come back just because this is closer to my house then Total Wine, but only if I want something very common.
3	Place is ok if you want to buy moonshine. I couldn't believe they do not have bud select there. Prices are a little higher than grocery store.
1	I just stopped at BevMo to purchase a few items.  They carded me!  I asked why and he stated that they have a policy of carding anyone that looks under 50!   That is a stupid policy and I have a policy of not spending money at places with stupid policies.  Bye bye!
5	I love this store as long as I find amarula and Curacao at a nice price!!! :-) there is only one thing bothering...juices and snacks are a bit too expensive,.
3	I'm not much for alcohol but the do seem to have a big variety, especially wine.  I actually came here hoping to pick up a keg of Virgil's rootbeer which the hub's said he's seen there before.  The employee pointed me in the right direction but wasn't much help after that.  I guess maybe it was busy and you don't make money off of non-alcoholic beverages?
