1	Oh GNC Smoothie....you totally lost your allure.You lost me when you closed the smoothie bar at the waterfront where I was able to get my afternoon treat when I worked down there or was shopping.You lost me when you closed all your smoothie bars in ALL GNC shops. Every. Single. One. You lost me when I went to the absolute last one on god's grean earth in downtown Pittsburgh BENEATH your corporate headquarters and you made me wait for 25 minutes for my ultimate smoothie, the peaches and scream.  After 25 minutes the first sip tasted good, but not what I remembered.  I'm done witchu.  Bye!
4	Really good experience here today. Not sure if they just opened the smoothie bar back up @ this location but I was pleased to see a nice shiny smoothie menu upon my arrival. I was a total moron looking at all the choices and took forever and a day to order, but the gal behind the counter was super helpful & patient and recommended probably the best banana pb smoothie I have ever had- with vanilla soy milk. I even got a compliment on my hairstyle for the day (it was actually clean, due to a downtown job interview!) So, I will be back.
3	I don't frequent GNC often and when I'm there I am normally trying to get in, get a smoothie an get out,  The staff behind the registers are way to into themselves and can't even break off their own conversations to acknowledge a customer. The smoothies are great , but the customer interaction could be better.
4	Oh, GNC. I can't seem to stay away!Great store with not the greatest parking situation downtown. But they have a SMOOTHIE BAR! Helpful and friendly staff, free samples, great selection and a FREAKING SMOOTHIE BAR! Get the peanut butter surprise with the chocolate soy milk and chocolate protein powder added. Combined with a frozen banana it's crazy good and filling! And 32oz is only 325 calories. Great for lunch! Why don't all GNC locations have smoothies?!?!
4	When I'm in a hurry n need a quick protien fix this is where I go!Mark CPTbestpapersonaltrainercom
