1	Horrible customer service and so hard to find anything!! No one helped me and my boyfriends daughter and I was even sitting on the floor going through a stack of shorts that were not sized and had several styles mixed in trying to find her size. There were bins of clothes in the already too small walk ways of the store and no one acknowledged us for about 20 minutes. Towards the end, as associate who seemed to have just clocked on came by to help us and suggested a couple things, but at that point the damage was done and I was over it.  I won't be heading back into a Justice anytime soon, time to find my boyfriend's 10 year old daugher a new place to shop!
4	Cute Cute Cute!!!I came here with my mom when she was in town to get my niece Amelia, a gift.  They have adorable outfits!  We went during the 40% off everything in the store sale and it was great.  We found a clearance rack; which offered an extra 20% off.  The clothes were very fun to look through and I find myself coming in here more often now to find her more cute stuff!!  The only problem we had was finding the right size.  They keep the clothes in order starting with the lowest size in the front.  However, when people browse through the clothes they seem to get out of order very quickly.  I absolutely love looking at these clothes now and enjoy picking up random items for my niece.  Maybe I'm getting a what do ya call it???  Oh yeah, a kid itch....haha...not yet Paul....you're in the clear!
2	My 7 year old niece loves this store and asks for clothing and accessories from here on all gift giving occasions. Being the loving Aunt, I am happy to oblige. I am not sure what the allure is, but I think I have figured it out....it appeals to 7 year olds because most of the stuff is probably made by 7 year old Chinese kids in a sweat shop in Dongguan or the like.Although the clothes are cute and trendy, the quality is quite poor and will only last the season that they are trendy or until the kid grows, which ever comes first. I am not sure if the sales clerks are poor at tidying the merchandise or if most the customers are a slovenly lot, or a combination of both, but it would be nice to have a cleaner, better organized store. Overall, most of the merchandise is crappity-crap, but children love this place so what are you going to do?
