4	This is the residence of Queen when she is visiting Scotland. I walked here from near Edinburgh Castle. It was a nice walk. The grounds are beautiful, and their are tons of cool statues to look at. I wanted to walk up the hill and have a hike but I was too tired and wearing suede boots that I didn't want to muddy. I definitely recommend seeing this as part of your Edinburgh experience.Minus one star for not being allowed to go into the castle and take a nap on the Queen's bed and use her bathroom.
4	I quite enjoy a bit of the Royal Family and their history. I think it's because I would like to live in a castle or palace. Actually I think Holyrood House would be perfect for me, Queenie has her big house in London and her estate in Balmoral so maybe it's time she let it out to someone like me?It is rather expensive for a trip round Holyrood House (13 pound for a student... eeeek) so it isn't the top of my list of places to go in Edinburgh. But the Royal Apartments are very beautiful and full of wonderful decor and paintings. In the summer the gardens are open so after viewing the house you can go for a wander around the gardens which are perfectly nice gardens. If you have an interest in the Royal Family then this is a must do.
4	Located in the opposite end of the Royal Mile to the Castle, and right across the new and controversial Scottish Parliament, this is the official residence of the Royal Family when they visit Edinburgh. However, when they are not in town it's open to the public. Although I was a bit put off by the price, (check to see if they do a combined Holyrood and Castle ticket- they used to a year ago when I visited this place) I was quite pleased with the Palace itself, as you wonder from one luxurious room to the next and observe the decor and paintings on the wall and the various functions of each room .I only have a kitchen/sitting room which functions as my main meeting place in my flat so this place truly lives up to what you would imagine a Palace to be like. There is an audio tour guide included in the price for your walk around- which might explain the steep price (make sure you have figured out how to use it before you enter the Palace so you don't miss out). So if Royalty is your thing then this is the place for you. Getting a first hand sneak peek of the royals house.  You can even hit up the Parliament briefly on your way out.
4	It's pretty easy to see why the Royal Mile has its name - at the top end you have the castle, and at the bottom end, you have this place - Holyrood House, the royal palace.It's a bit expensive to get into - but I do think its worth it. Firstly, the palace itself is amazing, it's quite a shock to see how the other half live. The rooms are luxurious and full of interesting stuff. There is also (on most occasions) some form of exhibition on which houses art, sculptures and various other artifacts connected both to royalty and british history. In the grounds you will often find squads of the queens royal guards marching about, which is a spectacular site.When the Queen still comes and stays, the palace is shut, but the rest of the time it seems to be open constantly. A real treat for those who love the royal family and british history.
2	Situated at the rectal end of the Royal Mile, next to the Parliament and some surprisingly grotty flats, Holyrood Palace isn't particularly impressive inside or out. It's also not cheap, and Joe Public are charged about 10-15 quid a time to come in and marvel at all the wonderfully opulent furnishings that they paid for with their taxes, but aren't allowed to touch. The palace also sells itself as being the place where the Queen stays when she visits Edinburgh, which is never.To be fair, her old mother was quite fond of it here before she deservedly became a coffin-dweller. I believe she particularly enjoyed sitting with her corn-ridden feet up on one of the priceless sofas, sinking bottles of gin and humiliating her servants while watching the racing on Channel 4.And guess who picked up the bill?
4	As a student I worked a summer vacation as a security guard and tour guide at the Palace of Holyroodhouse.Some of my colleagues did ham up the Mary Queen of Scots connection and some of the violent incidents in the long history of this Palace, but as a tourist experience a visit here is worthwhile from the point of view of those seriously interested in Scotland's history and the connection of its royal family with the modern UK royals.  A visit will also reward those whose interest is more prurient and who want to hear tales of salacious doings in years gone by.There are secret stairways and passages within the ancient walls and there are modern drawing rooms for the visitor to see.A visit here is not costly, and probably a bit of a bore for children.
3	You get to park inside the grounds if you are with someone with a disabled badge ... if you were a dishonest person one could just proceed to the house and not bother to get tickets.
4	Palace Of Holyroodhouse is another must see for anyone visiting Edinburgh for the first time Housing royalty throughout the ages, including Mary Queen of Scots between 1561 and 1567. Today, it's The Queen's official residence in Scotland where she comes to spend a week every summer to conduct state functions & ceremonies Sitting at 1 end of the Royal Mile, it's like you're pot of gold at the end of the mile. Start w/ Edinburgh Castle at the top of the hill, then finish up w/ House of Parliament & Holyrood Palace Be sure to start your tour w/ the fantastic Queen's Gallery - which is an art museum attached to the Palace grounds....the overall cost for admission & both tours is pretty darn pricey but whatever, right?  You're on holiday.The gardens, which should have been open while we were there, were closed off - would have been nice to see them.... Guided through the Palace through an audio tour & the given access to lots of rooms in the house, lots of artifacts to see, lovely room furnishings, and the recorded tour provides lots of great history & stories We got to see the royal bed chambers, sitting rooms, great rooms, libraries, greeting rooms.....there's a lot to see We also got to see the room that houses the display of The Order of the Thistle, which is the highest honor in Scotland.  We learned The Order honors Scottish men and women who have made significant contributions to Scotland's national lifeAlso liked the fact the tour is very Senior friendly. My parents had no problem with the stairs since the tour was broken up to accommodate a slower pace Only downer was that Dad couldn't hear his audio tour due to his hearing aids. The radio-thing kept triggering the annoying high-pitched squeal
4	This isn't a big, impressive palace but there's so much poignant and heartfelt Scottish history. Definitely worth a visit. Has way less tourists than the flashier Edinburgh castle
5	Expensive yes, but you see and can learn loads of history regarding the royal family.
4	Oodles and oodles of history right at your fingertips.  The grounds are lovely the house is amazing and there is just so much to do and see here historically.  I'm no stranger to Scottish royal houses but this one is lovely!
4	Yet another palace we couldn't get into.  This time, Charles and Camilla were in town apparently and the palace was closed to tours.  My hubby tried to convince the lady at the front desk that they were expecting us, but that didn't work. lol!So - why I can't go into detail on the actual palace itself, I can say that the gift shop area and the small adjoining museum were pretty cool in that there was plenty of history and historical memorabilia showcased there.  The outside of the palace is, of course, incredibly ornate with golden artwork and majestic archways, not to mention several coats of arms, etc.  Just being around something so old and thinking of all the royal kings and queens, princes and princesses walking these very grounds was extraordinary.  You forget how young of a country the United States is, but when you visit places like this in Europe, it completely apparent.. and inspiring.  I pay the next time I am back, Charles and Cammie aren't. lol!
5	I loved this palace. It felt warm and comfortable, which is saying a lot for a palace. It was really one of my favorite places that we visited during our 3 day trip to Edinburgh. I liked all of the historical objects on display too, like the embroidered picture done by Mary Queen of Scots of a cat and mouse that were supposed to be Mary and Elizabeth. On the way out you get to wander through the ruined Abbey which is atmospheric and cool.
4	Did the Garden Tour today as part of my "Edinburgh as a tourist" trekThe Garden Tour in particular was different in that you got to not "KEEP ON THE PATH" - instead, guides were able to take you into the grounds themselves for a wee bit of a talk. Top tip: Get your ticket stamped on exist to turn it into a ONE YEAR WONDER PASS. This gives you unlimited re-entry into the grounds for a year from the first admission of the ticket. Great when you need to run away and hang out like a bos-- I mean Monarch.Go forth and visit!
3	Circular stairs - ugh! Gallery - really pretty. Dining room - ok (have you seen Hearst Castle in California?) Mary, Queen of Scots area - historically nice.
4	If I wasn't being watched, I would have skipped with glee. This place was awesome! No Photos rule on the inside, but the Gardens are a okay. Oh the gardens. Best view of Arthur's Seat! You have to go! Even if its just for the gardens. And the price of admission is a yearly pass, just make sure you get it stamped and signed.
5	A pretty slick palace at the lower end of the royal mile in Edinburgh. The audio guide is a huge plus for those not steeped in their Scottish history, as context is everything when it comes to historical sites. The two standouts for me that moved this above your standard castle/palace tour were the abbey and gardens. The ruins of the abbey were fantastic, as they are true long-unused ruins but not so degraded by time that you lose the sense of what the place was when it was in use. The unknown graves in the floor of the church never get old for me.The beautiful trek through the gardens at the end of the tour makes for a fantastic end to the visit. Walking through the paths with no-one but my friends and some ridiculously well-fed squirrels made for a peaceful, fulfilling end of the day. Or so I thought. Then we decided to climb Arthur's seat. Because we are idiots.(It's actually quite convenient to begin your hike up the mountain from Holyrood House; took my out-of-shape self about 45 minutes to get up there, but totally worth it.)
3	You definitely need the audio guide.No pictures... well you can take pictures outside, but nothing within. After walking the length of the Royal Mile, we wanted to take a gander at the fancy working palace. There was a long line up at the ticket office, but there is another one inside the gift shop that was shorter. One of the ladies decked out in tartan mentioned it while we were waiting in the longer line.Once you pass the gates, grab an audio guide... my husband didn't really listen to his, but without it, you're just staring at a bunch of stuff in someone's house. Lots to hear, lots to see... I didn't know that royals entertained in their bedrooms and didn't actually sleep there. Also, got to learn a lot about Mary, Queen of Scots...We were a little jet-laggy, so we thought one of our friend's fell asleep on a chair while we explored the castle. Found him outside in the abbey where photos are allowed. Walked the gardens a bit, but did not do the tour. My hubby instead saw Arthur's Seat and decided he wanted to hike up it. I thought a scone at the cafe was a better idea.
4	A self-guided audio tour is included with your admission and is a must to get the most out of the tour.  Without the audio, the tour would be a waste.  Be sure to listen to the extra audio options to get some additional tidbits of royal info.Note: If you have your own earphones, bring them and plug them in as holding the tour audio up to my ear the entire time gave me a cramp in my arm!No photos are allowed inside the palace but the tour itself and the interior is fascinating.After the tour, be sure to explore the Abbey ruins and exterior paths.We visited the Palace at Holyrood House after hiking up Arthur's Seat.  This was a nice finish and there are some seats /benches inside the palace if you start getting tired.
