3	While I do appreciate the friendly service, and normally the drinks here are spot on, the pumpkin latte I had recently tasted like there was burnt coffee in it.
1	Take the password off your free Wi-Fi or at least let people know what the password is.
5	Food is dunkin donuts standard. This rating is for the staff. They are terrific. I am in there every morning for coffee and everyone is always very friendly.
4	This is one of the better DD locations that I have been too. Overall friendly service and they have awesome tea. This location bakes their own muffins and such, opposed to having them delivered daily, so they are always WONDERFUL!!! Their seasonal pumpkin muffin and the chocolate chip are my absolute favorite.I used to get my coffee here all time but they don't seem to have the coffee drink thing down just yet. Each employee makes the mocha latte a little different and at times there has been way way to much mocha. Bottom line......If you want a simple cup of coffee, a fast delish morning treat or a refreshing iced tea, DD is a great place to go. If your looking for a designer coffee/espresso, hit up your local Dutch Brothers!! I would give 3.5 starts for this if I could. DD's not quite a 4 but their better then a 3.
1	This is, without a doubt, the worst drive thru I have ever been to in my life. Whenever I've gone through, they've messed up my order, have given me lip, and in general it feels like they try to place the blame on me for my order being wrong. This place is rude, they can't get the orders right, and worst of all, they do not take allergens into account. We specified we wanted plain cream cheese because my girlfriend has a tree nut allergy, so instead of that they gave us herb and garlic. What that tells me is that they do not value their customers, nor the information given to them.TL;DR: It was NOT a great day at Dunkin.
3	Well look at that. We went to this Dunkin on Sunday and they didn't mess up our order terribly. I was greeted by the afternoon staff, and they were quite nice. Yeah, they couldn't get the order right the first time, but they worked with me to make sure they got it right at the window. That's all I ask for. Is that too much to ask? Apparently it is for morning crew. Not afternoon. Solid, not terrible experience.
4	Really good coffee and bagels and fast service.
3	I've been here a few more times, and it's still A-OK to me. I like the special donuts of the month (The March Irish cream donut filling was quite tasty), but the donuts themselves can taste a bit old. The coffee is hit or miss when I order it, sometimes it is really great, sometimes it tastes a little burnt. Also, when I order sandwiches they might be out of various ingredients (Such as the main ingredient turkey in my turkey sandwich), but the sandwiches themselves are quite tasty. Despite the inconsistencies in the food, the service is always very friendly.
4	Great coffee (watch out for high cream levels out of there quick despenser) and good breakfast (can be a bit more expensive than the competition) this location gets very busy and the service can be subpar at times.  I suspect demanding clientel may ware on the staff here.
2	Dear Dunkin Donuts,When someone orders "coffee", they want "coffee." You know that pot filled with delicious hot dark brown caffeine water!? Yeah that stuff!! That's "COFFEE"!!If someone wants "iced coffee", they'll ask for it. There's no need to ask every customer if they want their coffee hot or iced. Now that we know the basics, let's work on it! Don't give your customers iced coffee when they order coffee. It's their one chance for the day and you better not screw it up, it's coffee after all, how hard can it be!?Yours Truly,The Customer with unwanted ice in his coffee!
4	Krispy Kreme scared all our Dunkin Donuts out of the Northwest when they expanded (so I get annoyed hearing their "America runs on Dunkin" adds because the Northwest IS PART OF AMERICA AND THERE ARE NO DUNKIN DONUTS IN THE NORTHWEST OR EVEN CALI (except a Military base) That being said, and now that Im done with my rant lol, the donuts I got were pretty good and I would get them again.
2	Great coffee if they get your order right.  Problem is it's usually only about 50% of the time.  Breakfast is good if you have time to wait for it.  Skip lunch though.  There are better places in the area to eat for the same price.Staff is always very friendly but the line is always chaotic.  They definitely need more training and/or more staff.
