5	My boyfriend and I stopped by to check out the new cafe in Union Project. We ordered the vegetarian sandwich which came with a homemade pesto mayo that was delicious. Next to the sandwich came shoestring fries with roasted garlic. It was so fresh and yum! The owner of this new cafe is a seasoned caterer and extremely friendly. We liked the vibe so much, which was almost empty on Saturday afternoon, that we decided to take advantage of the quiet and free WiFi to do a little work. I was eyeing the French pear tart and sweet potato waffles. Will have to come back when I've got more of a sugar craving.
4	Cafe Ola Appetite! offers exactly what I request from the other cafe in the neighborhood (Enrico's Tazza D'oro): appealing homemade food, in addition to caffeinated beverages. Here, the menu changes daily and everything is made in-house rather than manufactured and shipped by U.S. Foods. Today, I had a delicious "Grilled Vegetable Soup" which was perfectly seasoned (I find a well balanced soup to be rare - I usually strain my wrist with repeated shaking of salt and grinding of pepper trying to pull the flavors together) and served with, you guessed it, homemade! crackers. Because I asked if the soup was vegan, the owner who was working automatically made my crackers with olive oil instead of the usual butter. They too were nicely seasoned and went so well with the soup. The pastries looked toothsome (not vegan) - I will have to try those out on my partner next time I am feeling sweet myself (in other words, next time I fuck up). They also fill pie orders (to be made in advance), like, for the holidays. My visits to Cafe Ola Appetite! will be limited due to their hours (8am-3pm "winter hours"), as my lunch often occurs nearer to an "early dinner" hour, but I definitely look forward to making it back at every opportunity. My only gripe, so far, is that she was playing a conventional radio station, so at times, the customer is subjected to extremely annoying advertisements and air-chatter.**For those unfamiliar with the location of this cafe, it is in The Union Project, a former church that houses a variety of community based initiatives. For that reason, the business is hard to see (impossible to see when they are closed) while also being inseparable from the community center vibe (a positive characteristic).
5	pardon typing errors as im stuffing my face with cheesecake and typing simlutaneously. cafe ola appetite is fantastic. walked in the wind and snow for a nice warm latte and was met with a plate of delectable cheesecake.  she says her son made it and its better than hers (he also knits, is in the navy and majoring in chemistry).  if you can raise a boy like that you can certainly run the most bad@ss coffee shop ever to be run this close to my living quarters.  the service is great atmosphere is warm with lots of natural light.  go there. eat the cheesecake. enjoy the coffee and company.
3	Cool building to house a cafe, but the architecture of the interior was a bit awkward, as was the lack of any really clearly defined menu.  Owner was nice and my lunch (sweet potato pie) was pleasant, but the coffee I took to go was colder than the steering wheel of my rental car.
5	This place is amazing.  Ola creates fabulous, comforting food with fresh ingredients and style.  The potato salad is to die for.  It is tangy, creamy, super-fresh, and mouth-watering.   Service is prompt, friendly, and elegant.  The cafe is set in the lobby of an old, lovingly restored church.  It's a neighborhood place, very easy to hang out in, and nice and cool on a hot afternoon.   A great place to hang out with friends or read the paper or a book. You can also bring your own bottle, and there is no corkage fee.  I'm planning to take my boyfriend there asap with a bottle for dinner.   The food is so good that I'm going to  ask Ola to cater my next party.
