3	oh Waffalonia, you're so bittersweet. Your waffles are fabulous, you have a nice selection of toppings & even a great selection of ice cream (specloos= fab & im too worried to try Nutella flavor since I may become addicted). However, your workers are the biggest Debbie Downers I have ever met in my life! No matter what location, no matter what time of day, no matter what worker.. each one has the same "i hate my job & my life" attitude. I really want to meet the bossman because he really must make their life heck (atleast that's how they portray it)We stopped  by Friday evening after venturing through Schenley Park & Panther Hollow Lake. I've been on a workout plan as well as watching what I eat-- Waffalonia was my treat to myself after an entire two full weeks of loading up on protein,brown rice & salad (i'm over it!) As I've stated, the waffle is fine but i just don't understand the attitude of the workers. I thought since it was a new location that there'd be new workers but I believe I've seen that worker before in Sq Hill. We were extremely friendly & even tried to create small talk, but he wasn't about it. I was even funny asking if he was claustrophobic in that little booth; no smile, no smirk.. just a nod "no" ugh. At the end, he did tell us to have a nice day but again no facial expression and it seemed like it took all of his energy and every ounce of friendliness in his body to spit it out. If I worked with delicious smelling waffles & was the reason for hundreds of smiles a day, I wouldn't be so darn depressed. i dont understand. But hey, the waffles are good -__-
4	I absolutely love Waffallonia and always tell my friends about it. Although it is a little on the pricey end for the size of the waffle you get (only problem I had with it), it's delicious and definitely worth treating yourself to every once in a while. They serve Dave & Andy's ice cream with their waffles (if you get ice cream as a topping) but even a plain sugar waffle is satisfying enough because it's so sweet. I haven't ever had a problem with the workers at this location (Schenley Plaza vendor) and even people I've spoken on the phone with have been very friendly and polite.
4	This was my first experience with Waffallonia. I decided to go with Namur: bananas, Nutella on sugar waffle. It was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Freshly cut bananas. Polite and expedited service. Highly recommend this place.
4	Good location for pitt student. I like the milk shake. The waffle, I can't say it's great but it is not bad. You get more from the Nutella and banana than the waffle itself. But if we don't look at it so strictly and compare it to authentic Belgian ones, it's good.
