3	Great late night menu with not the usual Denny's selection. I believe it starts after 10 but it could be 11, I forget what time we got there. My friend and I were working on a project and stayed for hours and they didn't mind at all. They just made sure to check on us and get us more drinks. It was the right environment for getting work done and still having a good time.And yes open 24 hours on the north west side of town is a big plus in my book.
3	Is it me or is Denny's now mostly for gray hairs like me?  The food is aimed at the older market and even the music is appealing to me.  I rate this 2  1/2 stars.  We stopped here for a quick meal after visiting a friend in the hospital and I had to be home, change, and to downtown Las Vegas for a play at the Las Vegas Academy.  Denny's fit the bill.  I had a chicken breast with two sides.  Small meal and it was quite tasty.The staffing was awful.  One waitress for all the tables.  That's not acceptable and one reason why the star count isn't a full 3.
4	4 stars for DENNY'S? What? Yeah I know.  I have to give them props though, open 24 hours, big fat menu of tasty diner food. Mainly, I like Denny's because I'm SUPPOSED to be on a diet, and they have a great light menu, with all sorts of surprisingly good food that won't make your butt bigger. Service at this location can be a little hit or miss. They're friendly, but sometimes in the wee hours of the night I think they just get a little sleepy and slowed down. So yeah, near me, tasty, cheap, open 24 hours, offers lighter options for when the angel on my shoulder pokes me in the eye.
2	Denny's is Denny's but sometimes the service ruins the experience. Shortage of help in this location makes the meal a bummer. Hard to get coffee refills and even had to work at getting a check to pay the bill. I will avoid this one in the future
2	Usually can't mess up breakfast too bad. What was made was half-way decent. Problem was the order was wrong. Asked for White Chicolate Chip Pancakes. Got regular. Asked for extra sausage on my lumberjack breakfast instead of ham. Messed that up too. Smh. Better than my last Denny's experience though. Wish there was a 24 hour place better. Vegas needs an Eat N' Park.
4	Seated quickly, service was prompt n polite, we always eat breakfast here, and it never disappoints
3	This is probably the Denny's with the most polite staff ever. I have been here so many times and every time, I am seated quickly, our drink orders are taken right away, and everyone, not just our server, comes to check on us. Even when we've been here and only one server was available with 6 tables, she made sure that our glasses were never empty and she always checked on us, every run she made in the dining room. This restaurant is always clean and for a 24 hour diner, that is very important. The prices can't be beat. Try the nachos, they're amazing!
3	Well, 6 months ago I wouldve given them 4 stars, alas 3 is all they get!We came on Monday around 11 and it was hella busy! We were seated on a sticky table without table mat things and I was sad! Yucky! I took a napkin and wiped it down. So we checked out the menu and right away she came and wanted to place our order. I asked for a minute and she ended up coming 10 mins later, BOO! I ordered the 6 dollar burger plus .79 for a slice of cheese and Santiago got the kids slam.It took about 20 mins for our food to come out and we were starving! It looked good, but once I bit into the burger I got a little sad. It tasted like a mixture of fresh beef and freezer burned beef, WAHH! The fries were pretty tasty and I got a side of ranch which was super yummy!My sons breakfast was good, he ate it all up! He got the 2 slices of bacon, has browns, pancakes, and eggs! They were all cooked well and the pancakes were super yummy! They do have awesome cheap eats! $2 for biscuits and gravy, $4 for a slam, and $6 for a burger! Sounds yummy no?? Good thing here is they accept coupons and even competitors coupons!!
2	Bad service. Takes me 1/2 hr to get a stack of two pancakes? Really.Dennys food is Dennys food.
4	You have redeemed yourself Dennys!This time around the wait was nominal, the food was delectable, and the customer service was pretty schweet! Came her for a late breakfast and had about a 3 minute wait, we were greeted by the waitress a few minutes later, placed our order, and within 10 minutes had our yummy foods! I got the 2$ biscuit and grave (literally a biscuit cut in half with gravy over it, seemed from powder though!) and a 2$ short stack (2 buttermilk pancakes, really yummy) my son got the kids cheeseburger and wavy fries! Cooked perfect!we were there less than an hour and our bill was a whopping 9$!!!We will def be back!
4	Decided to come here with my boobear because we wanted some "american" breakfast! I was pretty hesitant because I always check out reviews on YELP, before I go anywhere! And the 3 stars was scarin' me man, but we reaaaally just wanted some food so went anyways!We walked in, were politely greeted by the host, and were promptly seated. It was about 9am and wasn't too busy at all, a few customers here and there.The host asked us if we wanted drinks and handed us our menus, very nice guy! The waitress, her name was Debra I believe, was very nice and always checking up on us to make sure we were okay! Food took quite a while to arrive, maybe about a 15 minute wait. Who can cook food that fast anyways? No biggie. The food itself was delicious. I ordered the chicken and avocado sandwich, with french fries on the side, not bad~ I also ordered the $2 pancakes from the value menu, it was okay, a bit on the dry side though!The boyfriend ordered a grilled cheese sandwich and zesty nachos. He liked his grilled cheese, and man the nachos were da BOMB.Pretty cool that they're open 24 hours, that's always a plus! And OH, they have BACON everything! Bacon burgers, bacon desserts, bacon shakes! I personally hate bacon but if you like bacon, check it out!Overall our total price wasn't that bad either! Will probably come back again to try out other things on the menu! :-)
2	Dennys, whats has happened to you? This visit  turned out to be like other visits to Dennys locations in California. Long waits for food that is warm at best.
4	I've been to this Denny's several times and always had a great breakfast. Denny's has really stepped up and provide great options for the health conscious patron. You can order a meal in several different ways so scan the menu closely as you can get the same meal cheaper if you know how. The service has always been great and will keep going back often.
1	The rude staff I have meet... First it took them a minutes to sit me and my son. After being seated.. My son and I waiting over 20 minutes NO DRINK NO SERVICE... The whole time I am just looking around eating to be service.. And NO THEY WAS NOT BUSINESS AT ALL! BS
1	So I have a huge addiction to the pot roast. Tonight I called to place an order and was placed on hold for 10mins. Long enough for me to have arrived and been standing at the front watching the gentleman for 5 of these mins as he sipped on a soda then brought something to a table then sat some guest that walked in when I did and then when he final got back to help me I showed him my phone and told him that having someone on hold for that long is a really bad idea. He then said he tries to help people in order which was a load of bs as I had seen his actions from the moment I walked In and how he sat people before returning to the call that came before them.Now after that he tried to do the right thing and discounted my food for 20% which was sweet and appreciated but when I got to my car and looked at my food I was very discouraged since there was sooo much excess juice /liquid in the food it just turned the potatoes to a very watery consistency. It seriously looked like someone threw up my pot roast and it was served to me. Thank got the pot roast was still yummy but the service and quality was a major let down. Im gonna return again this week and give it another shot and update my review on how it goes but as of right now this is the worst I have come by and I get a lot of dennys take out and there is no excuse for it to be this way.
4	Wow, complete 180.  Ordered again from dennys for some take out pot roast. This time I was never placed on hold, the potatoes were just perfect and the pot roast tasted even more yummy then the last batch. To top it off I think that was the best job I've seen any dennys do on the garlic bread toast. Very pleased and glad to see it was just a fluke the night before.
4	Denny's is and always will be my favorite diner to run to whenever I want to eat breakfast for dinner. Their milkshakes here are fantabulous! Creamy and delicious. Just the way I expect them to be! They also have a variety of items on their menu, so if you feel like eating a cheeseburger for breakfast? Go right ahead! There are no rules here! The only reason why I didn't give them five stars is because of their service. It's never consistent. I remember they took forever just to give us a menu. I'd say we were waiting for about 10-15 minutes just so we can get someone's attention and a server to give us a menu. Finally, along came Mimi! She has got to be my favorite waitress here. Not because we share the same name but because she's super sweet and very accommodating. She turned my rocky beginning into a very happy ending!Would I come back even though their service is kind of on the poor side? Yes! Just as long as I don't meet any rude servers here, I'll be coming back for more.
3	Standard every day cafe food.
3	I could take or leave this place. We've been to Denny's in Ohio so we know what to expect. This Denny's seemed to be of lower quality than others. I usually get the Moons over My Hammy because I'm a grilled cheese kinda person and the name is funny. Their version was dry, the meager cheese was overheated, and the "egg-square" was tasteless. My partner ordered scrambled eggs with cheese, chicken sausage and pancakes. She tried twice more to get the eggs right but they obviously couldn't make real scrambled eggs. They can only do dry squares!  The server was pleasant but in all service was a tad slow.
1	The food was horrible. I ordered the Red, White and Blue Slam with a side of bacon. The blueberry pancakes tasted like they were reheated in the microwave and dry, the bacon was burnt, refried and full of grease and my plastic cup of water had brown stuff stuck at the bottom. This is my first and last time here.
1	I prefer to write reviews of places I like, but everything here was so wrong, that I couldn't just ignore it.  My husband and I arrived for breakfast at about 8:45 am. The distracted hostess seated us relatively quickly . . . in a booth that should have been replaced years ago. The dent in the booth was so deep I felt like I was going to hit the floor. Nonetheless, I scooted over to the undented section and looked at the menu. I decided on the waffle slam as a treat, cuz I love waffles, crisp on the outside and light and fluffy inside. It comes with two eggs, plus bacon and sausage (I swapped out the sausage for more bacon) and a cup of bold coffee.  Then, we waited for someone to stop by. And waited. Eventually, the hostess asked if we had been helped yet and went to tell our server. We waited another five minutes or so and she arrived and took our order.  My husband received his OJ right away, and she brought cream for my coffee.  Ten minutes later, still no coffee. Eventually, I was able to flag down someone else who had my coffee sent out.Breakfast arrived another five or so minutes later. Cold. Over cooked. With only one egg. The waffle was so crunchy that it arrived in four separate pieces that someone pushed together to try to make it look whole, and the butter never melted on it, because it was lukewarm. The single over easy egg was about room temperature. Eggs with runny yolks really need to be hot to be enjoyable, even if there is only one on the plate (I don't even know how that happened since ALL dishes usually come with two eggs). My husband couldn't even touch his hash browns because they were burnt. Our server came by ten minutes later to ask about our food, but I couldn't even say anything. All she needed to do was look at the plates before serving to see that it was not serveable. No one even offered a refill on my cup of coffee. We ate what we could (the bacon was immobile, like the kind on a buffet, but edible), and when the bill did not arrive, got up to get it from the front. At that point the overworked server gave it to my husband. At the front, when asked how everything was I told them it was terrible from service to food, and especially management (poor training, poor scheduling, etc.). They asked us to wait, but I was DONE waiting and left while my husband paid the bill. And, yes, they charged us for a full two-egg breakfast despite only receiving one egg. So, the next Yelper to make the mistake of going here, please make sure they give you my second egg without an extra charge. Oh, and my husband HATES sitting.  We are usually in and out of places in 30-45 minutes because he gets antsy. We spent so much time waiting that we didn't leave (despite not finishing breakfast) until an hour and a half after we arrived. Sheer agony for him.
3	Now that Denny's has its "fit" menu I swing by there.  Wild caught salmon, veggie egg white omelettes, iced coffee and decent salads make it a good place to dine with those who want to pig out on a grand slam or burger and shake.  I like the 24 hours availability and this location has good service.  Good senior menu too.
