5	We have been attending MISSION for several years now - on, then off, then on again. We initially left MISSION thinking we would find a church home that would better suit us, but after several visits we realized no other church taught the word of God better or more profoundly than MISSION. We know now that God sent us on a mission to visit other churches, so we could with pure heart spread the word that MISSION is the place to be. For us, MISSION has had a profound impact on our lives.  For me, I have become a better person, wife, mother, friend, and believer. For our children, they love MISSION and learn so much!! Just the other day my 5yr old was singing "My God is so big, so strong, and so mighty - there is nothing my God can't do". AWESOME!!! And then just yesterday he told his dad "I'm really smart" and his dad asked why and he said "because I learn a lot from church"! You know when your children are singing songs and crediting their intelligence to church that MISSION is preparing our children to be stewards of God. Love it!! Pastor Mark has a gift - he will enlighten you, he will make you think, he will make you laugh - a lot, and he will teach you the word of God as it was intended... through the Bible. No fluff, no frills, just the word of God and how it applies to our lives today.
5	I've never been to a more friendly church atmosphere in my entire life!  Though this is a large church, they have so many ways to get connected with small groups to help you find close relationships with other Christians.  Before we started going to Mission68, we felt like we were floating through other churches - never belonging anywhere.  If you let them know one time that you need a place to be... they will help place you!  The church is full of messy people that want to serve Jesus... and I'm glad that my messy life fits right in!  Dress casual (even shorts and flip flops) - but you won't feel out of place if you wear a skirt or a tie.The sermons are solid and nearly every single time relate to something you're going through, bring your Bible because the pastor certainly knows how to dig into it!  Worship takes you right to the feet of the Father, it is so uplifting to hear so many people around you standing there singing praises.This is a church that Loves the heart of God and savior Jesus Christ, and they are the hands and feet to the world doing all kinds of Missions projects.http://mission68.org/  (Mission68) comes from Micah 6:8  "... to act justly and to love mercy, and to walk humbly with your God."To the point: This is a place for everyone!! Your entire family will feel like they belong from 0 to 90.
5	This was a beautiful church building in Gilbert. The bathrooms are so impressive. Everything is so clean and new. Almost thought it was a convention center and not a place of worship. Don't know anything much more about the church itself...just came here for a conference to hear Mark Driscoll speak.
5	If you are looking for a church that teaches from and is centered around the Bible ... This is the place!  Everything from the church's mission of "Doing Justice, Loving Mercy and Walking Humbly With Our God" to the teaching and the music speaks of the dedication to help people develop a relationship with Jesus.  There are many ways to connect and my family felt welcome immediately and we found it very easy to get connected.
5	do justice, love mercy and walk humbly with our God taken from Micah 6:8 is the church's mission. i started going to mission and switched my membership from cornerstone (another great church!) several months ago. this is a casual church...seriously, come as you are. no need to get all snazzy! you are welcome and loved just the way you are. what drew me to mission was the way sermons are led. other churches i have attended will pick a topic and then apply the bible to the topic...there is nothing wrong with that and it is great as well! but i loved how mission jumps in the bible and then dissects it and applies it to life today. you really get a heavy dose of the Word every sunday and that  was exactly what i was looking for. i can't tell you how much i have grown since attending! this year, mission is going through the book of john. they took literally all of 2012 to dive into this one book. amazing! i love that this church is Spirit filled and teaches on listening to the Holy Spirit. other things i love:their heart for orphans- they've created esther's hope to walk alongside families who want to foster/adopt and also creating opportunities for others to help those who are in the process from baby sitting or running errands or providing any help any way possible..including classes for the families, etc. it's awesome. their heart for the community- every 3rd sunday (i think) mission collects non perishable items to donate and give back to the community. the congregation is one of the major contriubtors and have donated tens of thousands of pounds of food. i actually met another member who coupons solely for bringing items to donate to the church. the people here really care and aren't doing it just out of obedience or good works...it's because they truly love others and i love that! and this is just ONE example. they are passionate about helping the community in many ways. their heart for missions- they are involved in many mission organizations not only locally but across the globe from short term to long term missionaries. they really partner with you to make a difference in the world. this church is unique and i am so glad i was able to find a new church home. there are many things to love about mission and it's worth checking out.
5	Our family has called Mission Community Church our church home since moving to Arizona in 2009. Before we moved from Illinois we visited and went to Mission on a Sunday. Immediately we knew that this is where we were meant to be. I am so thankful that the lead pastor Mark Connelly is who he is and has dramatically changed the life of our family as well as the children's ministry who has excited my son at church and Josh in the Jr High Ministry who has made a lasting impact in my daughters life. This church is full of regular, real people who demonstrate love, acceptance, grace and mercy. The choice to join and serve mission is one of the best decisions I've ever made.
1	We attended Mission Community Church as a family for several months, but we will not be returning again. Recently, Pastor Mark sent out a warning on facebook, where much of Mission's attendees follow his page: "Do not bring children to this weekend's service.  It's for adults only.  Take your kids to childrens' church."  The problem?  My son has high functioning autism, and cannot abide the noise and activity in the kids' service.  He comes with us, covers his ears during the music, and sits quiety through the sermon.  No problem, no distraction to those around us.  So, we didn't go.  Apparently the Pastor had some complaints about barring children from the service, and his response on facebook was this: "I am not here for children.  I am here to talk to adults.  That is my responsibility." How very, very sad.  Downright depressing -- that the leader of a chuch would absolve himself of his responsibility to at least half of his congregants.  Are our children that unimportant?  Are they that expendible?  When I called the church to ask to speak to a member of the church leadership about this incident, the woman who answered the phone was very defensive and evasive, despite the fact that I was calm and very polite.  She asked why we didn't just attend the service anyway.  I told her it was because Pastor Mark specifically told us not to.  She sounded upset by that answer.  I asked again to speak to a member of the church leadership, and she said, "I will pass this message along to them.  IF they choose to call you back, it will be within the week."Two weeks later -- and you guessed it...no callback.  We are now attending Central Christian Church.  When I called to ask about their policies for special needs children and whether children were disallowed from the main "adult" service, a member of the church's staff called me back within an hour.  I was assured that our children, regardless of their needs, were welcome at any service any time.  We will definitely be going to Central from now on -- a church that welcomes congregants of all ages and abilities.
5	I highly recommend Mission.  Excellent leadership.  Do justice. Love mercy. Walk humbly with God.  Micah 6:8
5	Worship, praise and learning in Gods word today.  Very good message from the book of Exodus !
5	I love Mission church so much... We've been going for almost 2 years now it's done amazing things for my family. The CR ministry is like no other! The church has been through some major challenges in the last year and yet God has revealed his plan for Mission. I'm so thrilled that we finally have a new lead pastor Joel Thomas I'm so excited for the future of Mission and that I get to be a part of it. After growing up in a very controlling church environment I was pretty skeptical about finding a place I could call home for my children and I; however, mission IS A church full of real people with messy lives doing their very best to love God and his Mercy, to do Justice and to walk Humbly...
2	Looking for a church home and attended Mission last week. Heard the new Pastor. So disappointed that he attributed the growth of Mission to people inviting their friends...no mention of the Holy Spirit..didn't like the gimmick of the pizza cookie either. Where have all the good exegesis churches gone??
3	I wrote to the church about a month ago about having family problems with my son and his family and was looking for some guidance but never received any not a call or email response or anything I still attend chaulking it up to the Pastor problems they are having but still I thought I would get some kind of response and if it happens again where I am looking for help and get the same response I will probably be looking for a new church home to attend but I really like the church and would hate to leave but I would now we have to see how the new pastor will be hopefully no changed in the way the Bible is taught that could be a deciding factor also but we have to give him a chance he must be good to stay at one church for so many years Thanks for reading and please give this church a chance
