2	The location is good, as it is about a mile or so away from the strip. The room is a "suite". We had the double queen room. There was a kitchenette (stove, microwave, sink and kitchen cabinets), the bathroom was not too small and there is a preroom between the kitchenette (which is a corner of the sleeping area) and the bathroom.The room is somewhat old (the kind of old that makes it seem as though it is not very clean). In the morning it kinda stank of pee or stale water (I wonder if the heat made things smell a little). The staff was very helpful. Free internet means that they give you an Ethernet cable that you connect to your computer.I am giving them an extra star already, just for being nice and in a good location
2	Room was OK. Free Internet, breakfast n shuttle to airport and strip. But shuttle runs only between 7.30AM to 10.30PM. I saw roaches in the room. That some what made me mad. Room has mini fridge, coffee maker, stove, sink and microwave. Over all it was OK.
1	i would give this place negative stars. there were ants all over our door when i first entered our room.yup. i did see cockroaches later on that night! DISGUSTING!dry towels. nonsmoking room smelled like stale smoke. there was hair on one of the unused towels. and the bath mats reeked of mildew!perfect place to go if you wanna screw a hooker, or if your REALLY on a budget and have never experienced the pleasures of a REAL hotel ON the strip (ie venetian, palazzo, mirage, wynn, encore)...please don't ruin your time in sin city with a place like this.
4	This is a great comfort inn. There is a shuttle which will take you to MGM and Planet Hollywood, The Wynn and Convention Ctr and pick up drop off at the airport. The bed in the room OH MY it was incredibly soft. Definitely Join the Choice Privileges program and prepay for your stay the rate is really cheap. The room is a kitchenette. And comes with a coffee maker and microwave mini fridge. The Bathroom has a Iron and Ironing board. From Check in to Check out the hotel staff was amazing. I looked into the pool area and its clean with ample chairs for laying out. Security is roving around the lot at night so your vehicles are safe as well. I recommend this place if your attending a venue at the hard rock, and even if the shuttle isnt running, its a short walk up Harmon to the Strip. I never seen a roach in the room and i did see 2 ants but that will not deter me from staying there.
4	I went to Vegas to attend a conference at UNLV. It was a quick 15 minute walk there from the hotel, which was great.  I stayed there three nights, and I mostly used it to sleep (as I was busy at conference), not so much hang out in the room.  For my standards, the hotel was clean, nice, and comfortable.  I also liked that it wasn't flashy or overwhelming like some of the other big hotels that have too much going on, from jarring colors to over stimulating slot machines, sounds, lights, etc.  The pool was clean.  I didn't use the shuttle or free internet but liked having the option.  I also liked that I could walk to restaurants and stores near by.  The only problem I had was with the door key (it would get demagnetized often, so, I had to get it re-coded a few times at the front desk).  Also, they provide breakfast, that includes, apples, oranges, cereal, boiled eggs, waffle, muffins, juice, and milk options.  It was good except after three days I was wishing for a little more variety, like different fruits or cereals.  Also, the room that has the breakfast was small for the amount of people that stay there so it would get a little cramped sometimes.  Overall, it was a good experience staying there.
4	This Comfort Inn is set up very nice and for it to be in The Strip area the rates are not bad either! A few times there was noise when we were trying to sleep but it died down right away and it was not even worth reporting. They serve a Continental Breakfast every morning which is what you expect for a continental breakfast. They had waffles there, the do it yourself kind. I had the waffles on two separate mornings. The second morning I got kind of sick off of them. It is ok though, no harm no foul in the long run. The hotel has a quaint and depending when you go swimming pool. It is very peaceful when there are no kids splashing water everywhere!I wish we could have stayed longer but Steve had a reservation at a different hotel on our last night in town.
1	Haven't wrote a review for awhile now. Need to write this one. THE WORST HOTELS OF ALL. but hey the price is reasonable and is off the strip since its New Years all places are expensive =( anyhow, if you don't mind people keep coming in and out side, if you don't mind people talking outside, if you don't mind planes keep flying in and out then go ahead and live here haha. warning: they don't clean the rooms very well. my friend said that the bathroom was hella dirty when he showered so i had to call the front desk to let the maid know to clean the bathroom well enough.
1	Made a reservation online, cancelled it online before the time period for cancellation expired. The hotel charged us for the room anyway. When we complained, we got the runaround. National call center took no responsibility; said we needed to cancel by phone with the local hotel & not online. BULLSHIT! What's the point of online reservations if they don't work both ways? In the end, national charged us AGAIN for the room, then credited us twice--but this left two 4 day holds on our credit card. These people are idiots and not helpful. AVOID.
2	We stayed here because we didnt find any other affordable hotel with rooms available.We checked in at 3pm for 2 nights....Total $190 dlls with Tax.The room was clean but too small.The good things, it had a small fridge and a microwave.They actually offer free internet connection.Also they provide free continental breakfast every morning at 7 am,too early for me, but nothing too big. Some Cereals,Muffins,waffles,Coffee and Orange juice.The bad things.....I had a problem with the shower,suddenly all the bathroom tub was leaking water and it was water all over the bathroom.Called the front desk but nobody showed up to clean the bathroom.We had to put some towels but they were not enough.Its way too far from the strip!!! They do have a free shuttle to Planet Hollywood,but only during day time. We spent like $200 dlls in Taxi Only!! Overall,for $80 dlls per night,its completely not worth it.You spend more money in cabs or taxis coming and going to the Strip where everything its happening.I'd better stay at Circus Circus than at this place. I would never come back and would not recommend to anyone.
2	Pros: 1. Cozy rooms 2. Across the street from Hard Rock Hotel.3. Nice pool!Cons:1. Most of the staff speaks Spanish.2. Pricey3. Pool hours
