5	I accidentally posted this review under the Gelato Dolce Vita yelp, but it belongs here.One of the true gems of the East Valley. Walter is a true character, and is very passionate about good food. I told him his food was amazing and he said "No, Not amazing. Normal! People are just used to bad food." Seriously, just eat whatever he suggests. They have the real deal meats and cheeses. Guanciale, Bresaola, Finochiata, Gorgonzole Dolce, Pecorino Tuscano, Borchetto al Tartuffo! Great simple Sandwiches, amazing raviolis!The list goes on and on. Here's a full review of one of my visits: http://forkvsfood.com/?p=126
5	Great place, great service.  We are so pleased to have the gem come into the community as it is always a struggle to find a decent place for lunch that is not a chain or fast food.  We are now hooked and have had lunch here at least once a week the past 3 weeks and never dissapoints.  Portions are great. Pricing is great.  I don't know what else to say but you have to try it out.
5	There isn't a place in the valley where you can find quality cured meats from Europe....until now! From Guanciale to Prosciutto Crudo it's all devine. My personal favorites are the Porchetta and Speck! If your looking for DOP cheeses this is the place Peccorino, Parmigiana reggiano etc.I didn't try the pasta or sandwiches but I will be in the future. The owner was very helpful with choosing a variety of different meats and cheeses and let me sample everything. So folks the bottom line is if you want a place for quality imported meats and cheeses for your next wine party don't go to whole foods come here!!
5	If you want authentic Italian, you'll love this place.  If you're looking for a suggestion, try the homemade gelato, spicy salami, pastries, paninis, baguette, cookies, do I need to go on?...
1	Was told by the owner and employees that the ravioli in their freezer were handmade and all homemade and stuffed there. All to find out it is all from Restaurant Depot.  All they do is box it and put their own sticker on it. They are a FRAUD!!!! Never going there AGAIN!!  I am Embarrassed for them that they think they can get away with that and that other people in the restaurant world wouldn't be able to tell by the shape, cut, and consistency is isn't hand or homemade.  Such a Shame.
5	We are from San Francisco and have been in search of an excellent eatery. Dolce Vita is just as good as the best in San Francisco. The food is authentic and made with only the very best, freshest ingredients. Paninis, pasta, cheese and meat plates...all are outstanding! You HAVE TO COME HERE and see for yourself. We bring a bottle of wine and order dinner and even if we are full, we get gelato afterwards. Again, the very best quality you could ever want.
5	Oh my word! The meats and cheeses at this place are amazing! You have to try the salami, best I've ever had! Not to mention the wide array of Italian products! They offer many items like pastas,  sauces, cookies, and specialty items. The next time I make a special dinner I plan to come here for supplies.  In addition to the deli area you will find a small restaurant. We didn't eat there but it looks like a nice place for a weekend lunch.  It seems pretty laid back so it may be nice for kids too. Next door is a gelato store. Super yummy! I had a small cheescake gelato and shared it with my toddler,  it was just the right size since it was super rich. My husband got the salted carmel and son got the African dark chocolate.  They both loved it! Bottom line: check this place out for authentic Italian deli and gelato, you won't be disappointed!
5	I love this place!  Wonderful couple that own this establishment and are always so helpful. I had antipasto trays made for a party and what a success! The meats and cheeses were fabulous !  Not only a great deli but a great little restaurant too.
3	Really this place is kind of average as far as Italian groceries or salumeria are concerned.  Previously frozen food and poor service make this place very sub-par.  I wish there were more of these out here.
5	We LOVE Dolce Vita Italian grocer!!!! We stop in for gelato and then go to the other side and buy a lot of heat Italian products to bring them home with us!We are an Italian family that moved to the US four years ago, and we miss so much the Italian products!!! So it is great to see the care that Walter and Marty put into stocking up the grocer with products of great quality and from Italy!!!If you haven't stopped by yet, try Dolce Vita Italian Grocer for a great lunch, an amazing gelato and a taste of Italy to bring home with you!!!
5	This is a little piece of small town Italy. The pasta is homemade with fresh cheeses and meats for appetizers. Authentic Italian food with great recommendations from owners Walter and Marty. We have brought friends on many occasions and Dolce Vita never disappoints. Also recommend finishing your meal with Walters amazing gelato.
4	Great neighborhood shop for a handful of Italian items that you aren't going to find at your local grocery store. I stopped in to pick up an ingredient I couldn't pronounce (I showed a picture from my smartphone) and was quickly directed to it!
5	Best Italian food in valley!!! Omg! Butternut squash ravioli to die for & the best cheeses & olives. Owners are so nice & they have these holiday sweets that are .... Heaven!!! Hayley is great & made a perfect ravioli for me! Thank you!!!
5	I'm am so lucky I found this place. I was just in the areas looking for a place to stop while out and I happened upon this little gem. It's a store and deli. I had a daily special of pesto gnocchi, AMAZiNG! I cannot wait to bring my husband her next time we are on this side of town.
