4	Hot Haute Hot makes me wish I didn't work at a non-profit. The store specializes in modern, unique furnishings and the store embodies the vibrant style of its two owners. I spent a good ten minutes salivating over a beautiful upholstered chair and armoire, trying to concoct a payment plan or get-rich-quick scheme in my head that would allow me to buy them (Sell my plasma? Sell my body? Eat nothing but Saltines for six months?) The prices are steep, but even if you know you can't afford it, you shouldn't let it deter you from browsing. One day, that chair will be mine.
5	Hot Haute Hot = Love Luv Loooove
3	Most of the home furnishings in this joint were nice, but overpriced.  How do I know this?  A combination of a space phone and an addiction to decor blogs.Some of the jewelry up by the register was cute and cheap.  The styling of the store seemed to be trying a little too hard, but was nicer than your average box store.  The counter girl never looked up once the entire time I was in there--I guess she could sense I was just a browser.
1	This store has great stuff in it and we all complemented the woman working on how great the store was when we were leaving. I was with 3 white people and 1 black person. When we left, the worker pulled the black person aside and demanded to check his pockets. She did and found nothing. In the middle of the Strip District, this store can still be racist?
5	This is SUCH a gorgeous boutique -- shabby chic furnishings galore! If you're in the market for truly unique, special furniture and live anywhere near Pittsburgh, Hot Haute Hot is the place you're looking for. I came here with my friend who had long been on a quest to find a new dining room table. The options here were so gorgeous I was immediately struck with envy. There are curio cabinets, amazing reclaimed ceiling tile mirrors, plush chairs, fantastic lamps and a bevy of side tables, wall hangings and of course, dining room tables. The service is impeccable -- sweet, helpful women who know every item in their shop and are just as excited to help you shop as you are to find perfect item. The taste level in this store is impressive, as well. As a bonus, they have a few displays of fun, affordable jewelry ranging from delicate to super funky. Take your time to pick through this shop and enjoy yourself while doing it -- I certainly did!
