4	Awesome family owned and operated Mexican restaurant. Great salsa and everything is homemade. Save room for the sopapillas that come with your meal!
3	Got the carne asada burrito combo and a chile relleno.  The meat was very good, well seasoned and perfectly cooked for the burrito, only one problem,  thats all that was on it.  No pico or anything, not even a sprig if cilantro. There weren't even the customary little salsa cups in the bag. The rice and beans were sad with no flavor or anything that would make them stand out. That being said the relleno was ok(doesn't look like the on line photo), not too greasy like most places.  Just remember you have to ask for anything besides the tortilla and meat. I really hope this place improves as I can see the potential and need for a good mexican place in our little area.
5	Delicious food! 99 cent margaritas are as good as 99 cents will get ya, but if you ask for a good rita they will make a good one! Flautas are amazing and the pork and green chili burrito and everything else I've had there! Not a fancy dining room but great food!
2	You know...when this place first opened, it wasn't bad.  In the year or so since then...just not good.  Especially the service.  This is a family run place, which I am all for.  To me, there needs to be a level of service though that goes beyond the friendly face and the whole 'Oh goodness....I can't believe I forgot that' routine.  That happens All The Time here.  The food is average, at best.  They do have some good drink specials for happy hour, but it's not worth going back for when in the west valley.  Sad to see a nice little place regress so much.
3	In a time when the Mexican food from Patagonia, AZ to Anchorage, AK can be as consistently bland and boring as a meal at McDonalds, this little place makes a good effort to offer Mexican food with a flair. Friend and I had Carne Asado and Pork Adobada "street taco" plates.  They were very good and I saw enough interesting things on the plates of neighboring tables to strike my curiosity to try this place again.  Pluses: interesting menu, great Mexican beer selection, full bar, friendly service, clean establishment, reasonable prices and Mexican mariachi music piped in.  Minuses: TV in corner with basketball game blaring over music and nobody watching it and cheap, unimaginative decor (the lemonade fountains on the countertop is Sooo 1960's Dairy Queen).  A weekend trip to Nogales and $1,000 would go a long way to spicing up the ambiance, folks. You could do it a lot cheaper by just buying some colorful paints and texturing tools.  We did experience the "family restaurant" level of service mentioned by another reviewer, but the young man cared about doing a good job and was bidable to taking advice.  I will return.
2	Basic Mexican food. Average. Not impressive at all the corn tortillas were rubbery in the enchiladas. Hot salsa had a. weird unpleasant taste to it. Rice was ok and the beans were good. I do agree the rellenos are very good.
3	Just got back from Bibiano's Restaurant with our friend Kathy R. and my wife. In a place like Phoenix where delicious Mexican food is so easy to find, Bibiano's  was just OK. I kind of expected more from a "mom & pop" establishment. Nothing about this place is particularly memorable except the fact that we had a superb server (Ashley) who was great. Right away she greeted us and got our drink orders and brought us a basket of complimentary chips. The chips came out with a taco like sauce.... The chips were not home made I'm guessing they came from a bag. What Mexican restaurant doesn't serve salsa?!?! I pretty much judge a Mexican restaurant on how their salsa tastes. I asked Ashley how long Bibiano's had been in business. She told us it was bought out just under two years ago by new owners. I ordered a bowl of Albondigas Soup for all of us to try. We all truly enjoyed the soup. It was absolutely delicious and flavorful.I asked our waitress what was good there since we had not been here before. Our waitress was very helpful in her recommendations Our friend Kathy ordered the Enchilda / Tamale Combination Plate. She thought it was excellent.  My wife got the chicken Fajita. She always judges a Mexican restaurant by their Fajitas and  Bibiano's failed her taste test. Her chicken was dry and the dish was underwhelming at best.I got the Carne Asada Sonoran Street Tacos with floor torillas. The meat was bland, tough and  apretty tasteless. Even putting the "taco sauce on the meat didn't help much. The torillas were burnt and I was able to eat one out of the whole mess. FOOD: The food is mediocre at best. All l I can say is I wish it were better:-(  I've been to quite a few Mexican restaurants around the city and this was not high on my list. It just didn't have a whole lot of flavor. AMBIENCE: Bibiano's had very simple decor. The enviroment was not very memerable. SERVICE: The service here is excellent.  As soon as we walked in, the bwaitress greeted us and told us about the menu. CONCLUSION: Everyone can have  a "off" day... but there is so many great Mexican restaurants in the Phoenix area I guess I shouldn't completely write off Bibiano's but unfortunately, I won't be in a rush to revisit this restaurant.
4	Food and service was excellent and friendly.  Can't wait to come back and try their tacos and green chile pork.
4	Bibiano's was a good stop on our way home from Surprise tonight.  It is a little strip-mall based Mexican joint that is clean and simply decorated in the traditional Mexican restaurant fashion. My son was happy because they had the football game on TV. The service was excellent. The food was above average.  My daughter loved the flautas and enchiladas. Pork adovada got mediocre reviews from my hubby. And my carne asada was very good...good flavor and no tough bites.  Overall a very good experience.
1	We so wanted this to be good.  We have been watching since they first opened.  It is the closest Mexican food to our home.  We could walk. We recently visited on a week day evening around 8ish.  The salsa tasted odd, it had a zing, a bite, almost fermenting.  The tortilla that made up the enchilada,  was undercooked,  raw tasting.  The beans and rice were ok I guess.  The portion was not very much.  Needless to say I did not get that hot, cheesy, saucy goodness that you look for with a cheese enchilada.  We had a few drinks before going here, and I was really hungry...you know how you can get after cocktails...this was a huge let down.  Oh ya and I am a 5th generation AZ native.  So I do know a thing or two about Arizona Mexican food.  It wasn't just so so, it was not good at all.
5	I love the food and service. My kiddos enjoy their burritos and sopapilllas! Paula is amazing. She's a great owner who runs her business with pride. Happy Hour offers are great too! It's always clean. Try something different every time
2	This place sucks I've been waiting 40 minutes for my TO GO order. What's the deal? I've been waiting 40 minutes for 1 taco and a burrito good thing I smoked before and I don't have anything else to do but wait for this mediocre food that is conveniently placed a mile from my house. Thanks for the bad salsa and slow service. The food was good tho.
3	Ok, here's the problem. I really like their food. It's good. However; when I went to pickup an order they had placed my food in the microwave to melt the cheese in a styrofoam container. I asked them if they knew you aren't suppose to do that and they replied it was ok and they had never heard that :-/ Needless to say, the styrofoam was melted and had a small whole in it. The first time I had seen my food container in this condition from them I assumed it was from dumping food in the container that was too hot. Now I know what really happened. So, I don't trust that they know how to handle food. Which is sad because I like their food. This was however a while back, maybe they've wised up since then.
4	Awesome food all around, friendly staff... decent prices too..Go to place that is near where I live...
5	Love this place!!!! The burritos are great and the chicken soup is amazing. One of my favorite things to have here are the Micheladas. I recommend this place to anyone wanting to have great Mexican food in a great environment, and with great service.
4	Good food  fast serviceVery friendly staff. Beer is cold and good selection Had the menudo which was very good
5	Just moved to the area and was craving some Mexican food, so I decided to check this place out. I got the Shrimp Burrito and absolutely loved it! I was originally planning on just eating half and taking the other half home but before I knew it, I cleaned my plate. Ha. And my five year old ate her entire burrito with beans and rice. We will definitely be coming back in the near future.
3	It's a great little Mexican place in the area, which is great because there are not many options close. There food seems more like fast Mexican food (like Romeros and places like that) but more quality! I have tried a lot of different items from here and they all are very good. The only thing I was very disappointed in was the chile rellenos. This is one of my favorite Mexican dishes but it was basically wrapped in a fried egg. The soppapillas are very delicious! Hot and fresh with honey and powdered sugar. (Sorry for the spelling on the dishes, some might be incorrect)
4	The place is clean, and everyone is very friendly. Food is very reasonable. I had a taco salad, and it was good:))
4	Ordered a bacon breakfast burrito. It was good. Pretty good sized too... It wont be the last time Bibiano's supplies my breakfast...
3	Went there today for lunch.. not quite sure how I feel about the food yet. The hot sauce wasn't very good. My shredded beef burrito was good but if you want cheese it's extra (?). Nothing that really stood out to me. I might try it again just. Not sure yet tho.
3	While the menu is authentic, the atmosphere is strange. Tables are sticky, small, and hard to sit with a group. Service is mediocre. Not rude, just rushed and impersonal. The tamales are good and the green chile pork is worth a visit. But get it to go. The dine in experience is missable.
5	This is OUR favorite spot, we visit at least once a week.  The ladies are awesome, super friendly and know us well.  Its like going to a friends for dinner.My husband likes to tease, and they call him a trouble maker.  My little man always gets the perfect taco for dinner, or the bacon and fruit for breakfast.Thank you Thank you Thank you
4	Good food.  Liked both of the salsas.  The taco was crisp and fresh.  A good simple taco.  Tamale was flavorful and the staff was friendly.
