5	If you are in the market to be prepared for natural disasters like Katrina definitely make Foodwise one of the places you visit. You can also find freeze-dried or dehydrated products. They carry fruits, vegetables, grains, beans and pasta. But they also carry dairy products...yes that's what I said, dairy. They have dehydrated cheese, butter, eggs, shortening, milk...you name it, they probably have it. I was blown away by the things available in their store. They also have PETE jars, water containers in all sizes, and seal-able buckets in different sizes for all your needs.Foodwise is owned and operated by Brent and Kristi Averett. Both were at the store when I came in and they were so helpful and knowledgeable about my different storage questions. It also looked like their store is all set up in the back for demonstrations. I am very impressed and will definitely be coming back as I expand my storage content. Foodwise is definitely as good as it gets!!
5	You can't go wrong shopping at FoodWise.  The owners, Brent and Kristi, are knowledgeable and Kristi's informative cooking classes are free. (They feed you too!)  I've since learned to keep a proper food storage- as they believe you should buy what you use, and use what you buy, and I learned to cook with my storage.   They are affordable, and their products are top notch.  Their produce are organic, high in nutritional value, and my kids love it.  They even have Non-GMO TVP that is non-hydrogenated! Everything tastes great.  I bought their Blendtec Mix and Blend ll at a great price.  Definitely stop in!
5	If you are looking for a store full of dehydrated and freeze-dried foods visit FoodWise! There is a huge selection of foods and cookware.  There are also classes that you can take which will teach you how to make amazingly tasty, healthy bread that can be made with the foods sold in the store.  While my experience with the FoodWise section of the store is limited, I love when I go to Mr.KnifeGuy (see my other post) and one of the ladies that just finished teaching a bread making class, brings over some tasty pieces of bread for for us to try.
5	Great little food storage store! love the products and staff is great!!
