5	Jeff and his assistant manager (cant remember her name) were seriously f-ing awesome.  The customer service is A+ in my book!!The next time I am in need to rent a vehicle....I AM COMING TO THIS ENTERPRISE!!
5	OK, so let me start by saying I have been renting cars for years, all over the US and Europe. Let me also say I always have used my debit card as I do not use a major credit card for anything now, its part of my "keep it real and keep it liquid" approach. That said, renting a car in Arizona is a HUGe pain in the %#!*&!. I had all but given up when I discovered the SUPER simple, no hassle debit card rental program at the Enterprise location on 44th Street & Thomas Road in Phoenix. The staff is amazing, fast, efficient, took all my necessary info (you do have to provide some extra proof of income but its painless) and within 15 minutes I was in a great car for the weekend - no problems, no issues just a great group of people looking to make sure I had a good experience renting with Enterprise.I will always work with this company and always rent from this location while working in Phoenix - its rare to find a hassle-free anything these days and this team is the best ever!
2	Made reservations months in advance and no car was available.Screwed up the whole first day, as it was dedicated to finding a replacement.Had to go to the Sky Harbor for a car but almost three times the cost.  They had many cars there and we had to rent one there, which leads me to believe that there was some type of bait-and-switch here.One of the supervisors helped us out a lot in receiving a discount, but that was too late.This place was unreliable and when you need to be at an important occasion, you can't rely on them here.  A man at the hotel the first night had reservations too.  The next morning, he missed his appointment after they told him he was set.Nice, nice people, but the service left a lot to be desired.I gave them two stars only due to the girl behind the counter had tried her best.  It wasn't her fault.  The decisions were made above her.
5	I was slightly leery about renting a car after reading some of the reviews.  But then again, most people really only write bad reviews for rental car companies.  I booked through Priceline and got an awesome deal for a compact car; the amount I paid for 6 days was equivalent to the amount previously paid for a 3 day airport car rental.  Enterprise had no problems with my reservation and they had a driver pick me up from my apartment (providing an hour window) and straight to the rental car location.  The actual location is very clean so they apparently really stepped up their game.  Its definitely not as chaotic as a airport rental company and the car they selected was clean and pretty impressive for a Hyundai.  The attendant also reviewed the entire exterior of the car with me before sending me on my merry way.  Returning the vehicle was also straight-forward.  Since I had to catch a flight immediately after returning my rental, they gave me 2 options: (1) Call earlier that day and schedule someone to drive me to Skytrain for free, (2) Call 10 minutes beforehand and they arrange to have a taxi waiting.  Since I did not want to risk taking the Skytrain for the first time, I opted for the taxi and they gave me an agreement slip which made the cab ride a $12 flat rate (the meter read around $12.60 so I saved some spare change).Overall, everyone was professional and friendly and I would highly recommend renting a car from this location.  As corny as this may sound, this is truly one of the best rental car companies I have come across.One tip: I believe the hours listed on Yelp indicate that they open at 7:30 AM.  However, when I called, they did not open/answer phones until 8:00 AM.
3	I have used Enterprise in other locations many times before and the agents were always VERY helpful. This time at this location the two agents who helped were both VERY busy but also not as friendly and the check in agent was a little surly and arrogant. The car was great and rate was fine but service was lacking.
5	Enterprise is great in general, and this location is one of their best. We save a bunch of money renting off-airport so we are willing to put up with the inconveniences, but here in Phoenix it's easy. The Enterprise folks pick us up at the Sky Train station and get us to their office in very little time and no extra cost. They do the same when we return the car. We fly to PHX a few times a year to visit the family and have not had any trouble with Enterprise.
5	I always rent from here. Great service. All my vehicle needs are always met at a great price.
4	Great people at this location, clean, and well run. I was greeted immediately, there was adequate staffing to handle the number of people. They did the walk-around on the car I rented for two weeks, a VW Passat. The car was in excellent condition, other than I discovered a couple problems which made the trip very difficult. First, the 12V outlets in the car were non-functional so I could not charge my phone for navigation on the road and had to stop frequently to recharge. My timelines didn't allow for me to mess around with Enterprise for a replacement car, but it was very annoying. Also, the car's seat belt warning light would come on for no reason and beep, even though I was wearing a seatbelt. Eventually, I latched the passenger seatbelt and it stopped the problem, but there was nothing on the passenger seat to have caused the warning to go off. Regardless, the car performed as otherwise expected. I explained the problems upon returning the car and they were immediately responsive to resolving my problem with a fair accommodation. I would glad rent from them again, because even though there were a few challenges they were extremely open and fair in their dealings to make sure I was satisfied.
5	I've used Enterprise and this location for years; it is always a pleasure to see the molding of young professionals at this business. It starts with the professional dress then very patient manners. This fall, I arranged for a rental that coincided with multiple local sport events, which increased the demand for rental cars. The morning of the pick up, this office had only one car in its lot but had been promised approx 50+ vehicles, the prior evening by another location. Aside from lack of sweat, the service professional never wavered from the effort to get us into a car.  We thought a few minutes in the parking lot on the one option (a truck) and another option with better mileage rolled in out of their car wash.  He promptly agreed to rent us this luxury vehicle without added costs. It is refreshing that Enterprise provides the young employees the broad authority to meet the customers needs. Thank you!
