4	I've been going to this office for about 2 years now and each experience I've had has been a positive one. The staff is fabulous and I've never had a problem getting in for an appointment when it's time for my checkup.
4	I am a contacts wearer, but I had purchased new frames for back up and had them  for only about a week when my 2 year old broke them.  They were unrepairable.  Instead of having me pay for new, they gave me the display ones for FREE!  I thought it was GREAT of them to do that especially since I was having surgery that week and needed my glasses!
1	I have been to San Tan Eyecare 3X and every time it's a debacle with the front desk staff. The doctors are great but it's starting to not be worth going to. I was forgot about in the waiting room for an hour. They got my order wrong and over charged me $200 and was rude on top of that. The only thing consistent about this place is the incompetence of the front desk staff.
1	Been here twice & both times were horrible. The front desk staff....especially the RECEPTIONIST is very rude & condescending. The doctor is not the greatest. The wait is extremely long & not worth the wait at all. They don't admit when they're wrong or apologize when they screwed up your order. BEWARE!
5	I have been a patient of Dr. Hostetler's for 20 years and always received exceptional care.  They have a great selection of frames and professionals that insure a comfortable fitting and worked with me to select the optimal lenses as I have a sensitivity to some of the high index materials.  Recently Dr. Hostetler went out of his way to accommodate me with a specialized color vision test not readily available that I needed for a federal licensing requirement.  It would have been very easy to say no but he researched alternatives and set aside time for a follow up visit to administer the test.  Their new facility is excellent and conveniently located, I have recommended San Tan Eye Care to friends and family and wouldn't do that unless I was confident in their abilities and service.
5	very friendly staff and VERY efficient, fast and thorough.
5	Great experience. Just had an office visit for a scratched eyeball. Everyone was friendly, I got in quickly, good explanation if injury after thorough examination, effective treatment plan with quick resolution and thorough follow up exam. Who could ask for anything more? I can't speak to cost as I haven't received the bill yet.
5	Great office - Great Doctor
1	The office visit was normal just as any other place but when the order was placed for the contacts someone dropped the ball. Sorry but contacts should not take over a month to come in. not even if they were being manufactured on the ISS. No phone call for updates or at least an apology.
4	Nice office with a friendly staff. Also, they have a fantastic selection of high end frames. I love my Prada glasses!I saw Dr Hostetler for a updated eyeglass prescription and checkup exam and it was a great experience. He was thorough and friendly.  I chose this office because my regular office couldn't fit me in for an appointment for over a month. San Tan Eyecare scheduled me for the day after I called.  I would reccommend this office to friends who need eye care.
4	Recently had an appt with Dr Jonathan E Wold @ San Tan Eyecare, the visit went very well.  Not that long of a wait, great service by everyone that I met.  I would recommend Dr Wold & San Tan Eyecare if you are looking for an optometrist in the Gilbert area.
4	Very polite staff. Did not wait very long to be seen.
5	I love this office. The staff is cheerful and helpful. The office and doctors run appointments pretty close to on time which is the only doctor's office I know of that does. Everything is high tech and forward thinking so no more blasts of air into my eyes for glaucoma testing. Thank goodness! My eye dr (Dr. Wold) always remembers who I am (or at least makes me feel that way) but most of all, he explains things so I can understand. I have my fair share of eye issues too but Dr. Wold gives me different options and keeps me apprised of the latest eye surgeries available. He actually makes me feel like he cares, rather than being just another number or insurance collection. I enjoy coming to this office so much that even though I moved to WA state 2 years ago, I fly down for my eye appointment (and I have family in town so it's 2-for-1). So don't look for another eye doctor in the area, just call San Tan Eye Care!!
5	Moved to AZ in May, selected this office because of it's location to my Home and because it accepted my insurance (VSP).  I phoned on a Wed and got an appointment for Thurs 8am and was directed to their website to fill out the usual paperwork for a 1st time patient.  They were great on the phone and the website was easy to use.  Great experience so far!At the office I was greeted with smiles and pleasant dispositions.  The waiting room was clean, modern, and not cramped.  I was called back within minutes where a young tech put me through some peripheral vision tests and then moved into the exam room.  Dr Wold came in promptly and was thorough, explained everything, and was very nice.  Still a Great experience!We were finished quickly, Dr Wold walked me to the front and handed me off to an Office Woman who explained all of the costs and what to do from there.  I needed just a Contact prescription to order new contacts, but ended up getting new glasses too.  The Glasses Lady was also friendly, prompt, and explained all the details of my frame selection and lens choices.  Overall, I was in and out within 35 min.Top to bottom this Office, the people working here, and the Dr's seemed to create a wonderful tone for everyone coming in to feel at ease.  Overall experience was a Superb and now my wife is going to go.Jeff C
5	The staff was very friendly and Dr. Hostetler was very thorough!  I definitely recommend this office for an eye exam!
5	Always friendly & great service.
5	We have been seeing Dr. Hostetler for years, he's thorough, never makes you feel rushed, and friendly, as is the rest of the staff.  The office is great and those working in the office are very helpful.  You can't go wrong with San Tan Eyecare!
5	I've been a patient of Dr. Hosteler's for 20 years and have been pleased with his service, professionalism, and the recommendations he provided.  On several occasions he provided courtesy rechecks when I thought there might have been changes with my vision.  I would recommend San Tan Eye Care to my friends and family.
5	Dr. Wold is fantastic.  Always extremely thorough and friendly.  The entire team has always been easy to work with for the 7 years that I have been going there.
4	The office is nice. The doctors are friendly. The frames they offer are designer brands. If you want inexpensive you'll have go somewhere else. They had my contacts in-stock luckily. Scheduling was easy, but I waited an unusually longer time than in past visits. Other reviews have mentioned the front desk staff which just isn't super friendly.
5	Great office, great stall, great Doctor, Jack L. Hostetler, O.D.You won't be disappointed.
5	They were terrific. Very modern equipment, very knowledgeable and they don't try to oversell you.
1	I was looking forward to my appointment after seeing all the great reviews, but sadly disappointed after going here. The doctor was so sarcastic and came off rude. I should have just left but needed to get glasses soon so I ordered from them and it took over a month to get my glasses in...the office was nice and clean but I will definitely not be returning
5	Setting up the appointment was a breeze. The wait time was less than 5 minutes after the paperwork was completed. Dr. Hostetler is very friendly and thorough. He took his time and did a detailed check and explained everything. No pressure with purchase of eye glasses either. I would recommend them.
1	I will not be returning to this office.  The doctor and exam were fine, however the opticians who dispense the glasses are awful.  The first optician who fitted me with frames did not seem to know what she was doing.  And when I picked my glasses up, I saw another person who just basically handed them to me.  She did not fit them or check my vision.  I was very surprised by that. My glasses were not done the way that I asked initially.  I had requested light weight lenses since my RX is very strong, and I wanted the edges rolled and polished.  When I got my glasses, the edges were not polished.  I returned them a week later and then waited over a week to get them back.  Once I started wearing them I realized how heavy they are.  I can't wear them without a lot of discomfort.  Also, one of the screws in the side was very long and stuck up visibly above the frame.  I went back again about a week and a half later to see what could be done.  The screw was stripped and they could not get it out.  They filed it down and scratched the frame in the process.  I am now told that I am stuck with these glasses because too much time has passed.  I don't live close to this office so I can't just run right over.  I feel that there should be some sort of guarantee, but there is not apparently so I am out a few hundred dollars.  If you go here, be sure to ask what your options are if you are not happy.
5	Dr. Wold and staff are always a pleasure to deal with when I go there.  Very efficient and willing to work with all schedules.  Very good every time I go in.  Look forward to my yearly visits!
5	I've been coming here for 2 years now. I just brought my girls in today and they were able to accommodate both girls at the same time. That is impressive! Everyone is so nice. Just a pleasure to deal with. Dr. H is a very nice man. Always in a great mood. The frame prices are very reasonable for name brands. Love this place.
1	I am having a horrible experience with San Tan Eye care. At first I went in for a routine eye exam and then I called the Doctor back and asked if I should try contacts. I was told that my insurance covers the exam and I should check it out. Over the next few weeks I tried all 4 brands of contacts they carried and nothing worked. Fast forward 3 months and I get a bill for $90. I called back and they told me that my insurance doesn't cover the exam if I don't buy contacts. This was never told to me when I asked if I could try them. They still are charging my insurance for my eye exam and they refuse to drop the contact fitting, even though they told me it was covered and we tried everything to make it work. Even a reduction in their inflated cost would have been acceptable.
5	I have gone to this office for years. I feel well taken care of. Dr Wold is always friendly and provides excellent patient care. Recently I had the symptoms of a retinal tear. I was seen within two hours.  I have seen Dr Wold interact with other patients and can tell that he really like his job and provides the best care.
5	Dr. Hostetler has been my eye doctor for many years. I have special health issues that can affect my eyes, and he is always on top of every issue I have had. I get a thorough exam and great prescription. I've bought glasses here that have style and quality. I drive about 20 miles for my yearly appointment--and it's worth it! The office staff is great! And their early/late hours make it easy to get an appointment without missing work.
5	Dr. Wold really knew right away how to adjust my contacts and the first pair he gave me worked great! I enjoy his personality and professionalism yet he is fun and puts you at ease. This is the third time I've seen him and I'm extremely satisfied!
5	I have been coming to San Tan Eyecare for several years now and I couldn't be happier with the service I receive each year. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. I've seen both Dr. Wold and Dr. Hostetler and both are fantastic doctors. They take the time to get to know you and talk to you about concerns/issues, etc. I've never once felt rushed to get my appointment finished and I've never felt any pressure to buy new frames since my prescription hasn't changed over the past few years. Positive experiences all around!
