5	I can't believe that I am the first to review this place since this place is highly recommended on motorcycle forum sites in Las Vegas.  Steve is the man to go to if you need anything done to your sport bike, cruiser, harley, or possibly anything on 2 wheels.  I've tried a few other places in town and haven't gotten the service that Steve provides.  Check it out....you won't be disappointed.
5	I just took my Iron 883 in for a 10,000 scheduled maintenance and Steve did a great job at a great price. Took just a little over an hour.  Steve showed me around the shop and all the bikes he was working on.  Great guy and great service.
5	Wow - surprised these guys don't have more reviews! This is a great little independently owned shop. I've had work done by both mechanics, Steve and Scott and have no complaints. Prices seem really fair and they do a good job with no BS or up-selling!
3	I took my two stroke Genuine Stella in for repair. No one could figure out what was up with it. These guys figured it out right away. They were friendly and helpful. The best part was when I got my bike back it ran like a dream. Very noticeable difference in the shifting and motor.  I rode all day long the day after I got it back and it was like a new bike! Since my bike ran so well after taking it to them. I gave them 3 stars. This would have been a 5 star review except for a few things. The turnaround time was longer then I expected. I called the day after taking the scooter to them and they said they found the issue and would be ordering the part from San Diego. I assumed the part would arrive in a day but took 2-3 days. Keep in mind this could have been a shipping issue, I am not 100% sure what the hold up was, but I expected to have my bike back on a Wednesday and picked it up on Friday. I dropped it off the previous Friday afternoon. My scooter is my main form of transit, so this is kind of a big deal to me. Secondly, when I got the bike back my back blinkers were not working. Scott rode all the way out to my place, across town in Silverado Ranch to fix this for me. I thought that was pretty awesome and it was the right thing to do. So even though I was not too thrilled with using hand signals right after getting my scooter back, they did more then make it right by coming out to me to address this. Lastly, I was misquoted on the price. The cost of the repair was $50 more then I was originally quoted because they forgot to add the in cost of the part. Had a not noticed and asked them about this, I would have gotten a little added bonus. However, I am an honest person so we got squared away with the bill and I was just happy I had a working bike. Dyno Tech came recommended to me by someone I know who has the same type of scooter. I thought they did a great job and would bring my bike there again.
5	These are guys are the only ones in Vegas I will let touch my Bike! And if you have to get your bike towed in I would use STU all he tows is bikes! They treat you right!!!!
