4	I lived here for about a year and a half.  FWIW it's a very reasonable place for the price.  You get covered parking, security is pretty good here, reasonably quiet and it's pretty near everything.  The apartment appliances could be better though.  They're quite basic as are the bathrooms but you get what you pay for.  The gym isn't bad for an apartment gym and the pool isn't bad either.  The staff people were all nice and service people were pretty responsive.  All in all a great 1st place to live in town for me.  I would recommend to anyone.
4	I have been living here for now bout 3 years now. All in all, it's not that bad. Security is a joke.. so don't think you are totally safe..lol   NIce gym and pools. The apt is pet friendly for an additional $10 a month. Staff is nice and very quick to fix any problems with your unit.. Would recommend...
4	I've been living here for about a year now. I love the location, it's by EVERYTHING and easy access to freeways.Management is pretty good about maintenance issues, stuff is typically fixed within two days. But make sure you call and tell them what you need rather than using the online form because that seems to have the slowest response time, or none at all. There is a nice community pool here that we got tons of use out of last Summer. There is even a volleyball court somewhere on the property but I have yet to see it still! There is only ONE trash dump area which I find rather annoying but we got used to it. I feel like other apt communities have more areas to dump your trash.Anyhoo, we are moving from here because we need more space and a more residential area - otherwise I would totally recommend these apartments!
1	One of the worse apartments complexes in Las Vegas. You've been warned!First of all, when you guys are moving in(try to stay away, though) take a lot of photos of everything inside the apartment, otherwise they will make you pay at the end of the lease.As the amenities are not new the management will try to get some money out of you by claiming you broke this or that.I don't like to put my cigaret when smoking straight on the counter or table or whatever it is, I use ashtrays all the time.There were some burns on the kitchen counter (from the tenants before me) they said i did it.Ok!The table near the stove was all cut they said i did it, and I know for sure I NEVER cut meats or vegetables straight on the table.it's a fact I spilled some Coke and some beer near the coffee table, they told me it was cat pee.That's ok, but i don't have a cat.The stains were only visible on the other side of the carpet.I asked them who told them about, how do they know when I know I spilled the liquids in there!They told me the carpet cleaning company told them is total damage!!!!Are you kidding me?Of course they will say what they have to say to get the money from people.TOTAL DAMAGE?Not even a visible stain and is total damage?Not even a thread missing and is total damage?They did the tests in lab to check is it cat pee?Anyways, they are still sending me letters from Georgia to pay around 700 for the carpet and the kitchen counter.Ok.Another story!My car was in the parking lot with the engine mounts broken for 2 weeks, so I put the jack UNDER THE ENGINE, to lift it, so all of them 4 tires were still touching the ground.One day I'm going to the car and it was missing.The management is telling me it was a danger for the kids!Not even a cat was able to go under the engine and they're telling me it was a danger!!!The car was still on four tires on the ground, you morons!Making the story short, around $500 spent  to get the car out of the towing company, in N-E Las Vegas!Thank you!Knowing the tenants name and their apartment and their car plates, at least WARN ME my car will be towed!!!!!!The complex have security inside the premise.REALLY!!!!!???????That's why every night at 12 or 2-3 in the morning, every wannabe gangsta or pimp was "cruising" with full blasting stereo around the complex.Because of their security my TomTom navigator left my car mysteriously at 4 PM?I guess so!I'm making a complain about the neighbor's dog and the ritual of barking at 4-5 in the morning.He was renting the  apartment above me.The complain is coming next day on my apartment!"But I did the complain for my neighbor upstairs""Oh, yeah?"That's black humor for me!I' m asking the management to send someone to repair the drier!No problem, it took 8 days to send him.He repaired it in 15 minutes!Thank you!Now, my wife was invited at the pool party in the complex and she refused the invitation.It was a girl pool party.Next days 5-6 girls they were all at the gynecology offices because of urinary infection.Thank again! Now remember!Though your contract(lease) is for one year, you will still have to let them know you're leaving one month ahead of the ending term, otherwise you will be charged as month-to-month!Are u kidding me?That's why is a one or two or three year lease, it says for how long you're willing to stay there or them to rent you the apartment!If I'm having a one year lease that will show that I want to stay there for 365 days, not double.Hey readers, I'm coming from Eastern Europe.We're eating bull$&@$ for breakfast in there everyday, so I'm not that kind of guy to complain every minute.But these guys will make you go crazy, I'm telling you no lies!My luck is I recorded the conversation I had with them when I gave them back the apartment keys, they refused to come with me for a check out and then I got the phone after 2 weeks regarding their founding, so I don't care, I dare them to drag me in court.BEWARE!If you're reading a good review, probably is made by someone in the management, otherwise is coming from N-E Las Vegas!You don't have to go through what I've been through (or others like me)!Thank you for your time!
1	I forgot to write an review about this place. I left that apartments 4 months ago in Feb. I wanted to pre-warn everyone who is considering about living there. My ex roommate and I only stayed there for half the year and finally gave up. Since we moved in. We were promised to have everything cleaned and ready to move in before move in date. Once we were about to move in. They were all still working on repairs, stains & etc. We were little upset but happy to have our own place.  We noticed that there were cracks on the tile floor(extremely noticeable), drawers coming off the hinges, wide open gaps underneath the front and back door. We asked them to come fix it for us. It took them almost a week to do so. The crapy thing is that they only had one dumpster that was located all the way in the back. Literally all the way in the back. While we are sitting ourselves in. My roommate and I noticed really bad bug problems. It grossed is both out. Of course we called the office and nothing seem to be killing these bugs. Eventually more start to show up. Another issues that we been having is that there was mold growing in my bathroom. I told the office countless times about how dangerous that it is. They said they will have someone take care of it. A week went by and no one had shown up. I went back, they said they will send someone on the way. They maintenance guy shows up and looks at it. Then sprays some white stuff over it and left. I thought it might kill the mold. Unfortunately it didn't. It made it worse. I went back. They send another guy and cut a hole out. This other guy told me a story how the people had a flood and kind of figured it would travel down. I asked him "shouldn't you check down here also to see if we had damage to if you knew that. He looked at me and continued. After cutting a hole out. He left my bathroom like that with plastic tapped over it for about another week. I finally got fed up and went in there and told them how frustrating it is and nor having the patience either. The staff there kept giving me excuses and tried coming at me saying why I didn't tell them sooner. I told the rude dumb manager, that I have a living that pays for this rent and I get home when office is closed until the of the week. Which that was the reason why I was there. Finally we got the hell out of there. I hope this helps out for anybody who wants to no someone's insight about this place.
4	For Location and Price i Would Say You Cant Beat It. I Just Signed my Second 1 Year Lease. The Location Is Safe, quietly nestled behind 2 50+ apartments. The Largest Downfall Would Most Def Be The Trash, They Only Have One Trash Dumpster/Compactor on The Very Far End Of The Complex. Also The Stove, Microwave, Refrigerator, Dishwasher and Cabinets are old. I Feel Safe and Never Had any Problems Since i Lived here and They Changed Ownership and Management and Have Made A lot Of Improvements. 2 Blocks From the Palms and 5 mins from the Las Vegas Strip.
1	This place is the absolute worst place that you could ever live in. Do not move in! They will show you the model apartments and not do a walk thru before signing the contract. There was so many broken, dirty, moldy, stained and burned things in the apartment that I dont even know where to begin. Carpet with cigarette stains, roaches...lots and lots of roaches, spiders, leaky toilets, burned kitchen,  broken cabinets, water damage. Neighbors screamed all day and walls are so freaking thin you can hear them clearly. Got charged for the carpet that was burned before I moved in. Got broken into my car and never got repairs that were worth staying in that horrible complex.
