1	For the second time in six months, an item that I ordered online and tracked as "delivered" by the USPS has not arrived at my home. One was even time-stamped as being delivered at 8:35 AM. Since mail is always delivered here in late afternoon, I fear that internal theft may be the issue.  The first time this happened, I called the post office and filed a complaint online. I NEVER received any sort of response or follow-up. Thankfully, the online retailers resent the items. However, I do not think it's fair that the retailers have to cover costs caused by poor service by this USPS location. I have been ordering online for years and have never had such issues with other USPS offices, or with FedEx or UPS. Clearly, there is an issue at this location that needs to be "addressed."
4	First time coming to this post office since I was doing an errand for my boss. My co-worker came with me and we came for the specific purpose of picking up shipping boxes for our boss. Easy to get into, not that busy, and the only thing I didn't like is the way their parking lot is set up. Reason? Because a big truck was parked next to us when we came out and I had to back clear out in order to see if people were coming. If I hadn't seen the car coming up behind me,. she would have hit me because of the truck next to us. So yes, that was one negative. Otherwise, a smooth, easy experience.
1	This review is not specifically for this post office but is meant to open the eyes of officials in charge of the idiotic, uncaring, stupid, ignorant drivers who handle and deliver packages.  I spend literally hundreds of dollars a week shipping Ebay items, most of them are fragile.  I spend my money on bubble wrap, styrofoam peanuts, tape, boxes, and fragile stickers, bright red fragile stickers.  I use a box twice the size necessary to ship an item, i cocoon it in bubble wrap, then roll the item in shipping tape to secure the bubble wrap, then i surround the item with peanuts and more bubble wrap.  I then secure the box with shipping tape, and put 4-8 fragile stickers on the top and all sides of the box.  This week alone, 3 of my customers have contacted me saying that their box was crushed, opened with a note saying "arrived damaged" and that the contents was destroyed.  I live in Arizona and one of these customers lives in California.  Are you telling me that these morons can't deliver something in that short of a distance without it being mangled?  No wonder you're going bankrupt!  I insure everything i ship, so it is a severe waste of your money to allow these mental midgets to keep breaking things by throwing them when they are clearly marked fragile.  I sell nice vintage hard to find items to nice people willing to trust me and buy them.  They look forward to receiving these items, and are greatly disappointed when they arrive broken.  As long as your kindergarten mentality drivers continue to destroy the items i ship, i shall keep sending my customers the insurance receipts to reclaim their hard earned money back.  I see the commercials on TV stating how wonderful the USPS is, put your money where your mouth is and start proving it.  The postal clerks are very nice when taking your packages, but when they end up in the hands of mindless gorillas, that is when the problems start.  This week alone i spent over $300 shipping packages, do the math, do you really want to lose my business, but since you are a corporate entity, you probably really don't care one way or the other.
4	I don't think anyone loves going to the post office. Ever. It's crowded, slow and the employees always seems annoyed by everyone (rightly so). But the guy with the long curly hair - you are a gem my friend. I've been here 3 times now and have only actually interacted with you once, but you've been upbeat and positive every single time. Whether you think so or not, that positivity can have an impact on a random person's day. You are a stellar human. Keep smiling.
1	If you go to the USPS website and try to reserve a PO Box at this location (which I did in March of 2013), it tells you there are none available, but if you sign up to be on the waiting list, they will email you when one is available and it's your turn. I waited and waited....an waited. So finally the other day I'm in this location mailing a package. The lady helps me, I pay and we're done. Right before I leave, I asked "I'm just curious, but does someone have to die before a P O Box becomes available here?" She informed me that they had plenty of boxes available. Really? I relayed the above information to her and she could not have cared less. I asked to speak to the P O Box policeman on duty (aka PO box clerk) and she said he had just left. It was 10:13 a.m. When I asked her "Do you ever wonder why the USPS loses a reported $25,000,000 per day?" She just looked confused.
4	Convenient location and pretty big for a post office. I came in to ship out a package and didn't have to wait too long in line as there were 3 workers behind the counter. The worker helping me was really friendly, was in good spirits and as with all USPS offered me stamps. I was in and out of the post office in no time.The post office was stocked with mailing items like envelopes, cards, tape, etc and the workers seemed to get through everyone quickly. Will definitely come here for all my mailing needs.
1	These people are blithering idiots. My carrier consistently misdelivers our mail. I get my neighbor's mail and they get mine. And don't bother calling the 85021 station's number to complain, they do not answer. Just hung up after letting the number ring at least 25 times...nobody home. Yet another reason we need to privatize the USPS. Incompetent Nitwits!
