3	This is an odd Subway, gas station combo.  The two businesses run separately, which makes it confusing when you want to make purchases from both.  The staff at the Subway counter is probably the friendliest and most attentive I've seen in any Subway (I'm a weekly customer to locations all over the country).  Food was spot on and as fresh as is expected from this brand.I only wish that you could purchase convince store items with my Subway purchase.
2	Okay, I wanted to give this location a 3 star but because of my last visit. I just can't. I pull up in the drive thru and the lady comes on the speaker and tells me she will be right with me.I say okay, no problem. Take a picture for yelp, check in on yelp. It's probably been a few minutes. Just as I am about to say hello? A guy pulls up on a motorcycle who looks like he works either in the subway or gas station or both. He tells me good morning and says that Subway doesn't open until 7am. I told him thank you but was kind of just amazed. Was this chick on the inside going to see how long I would wait? Why didn't she just tell me that they were not open? With another subway in the area, I highly doubt I would be back on my own accord.
3	Once I learned that they do not open until 7am, then everything seemingly got better. I never found out who that girl was that told me to hold on, as I have never seen a girl working there. However, the key for success at this location is not going through the drive thru but instead of going inside the gas station and going to the counter.Service has been good, steady and fast on my last few visits.
1	We were on our way to hike at Red Rock Canyon. We figured we would grab some sandwiches and have a little picnic while we were there. We were intrigued by the drive-thru option and figured we would give it a try. Big mistake! As soon as we pulled up to the menu, a girl's voice came over the loudspeaker and informed us that she would be right with us. After about 5 minutes of waiting, a guy's voice came on and said we would be helped shortly. After 5 more minutes of sitting outside waiting to order, we were done. We pulled out and left. We went down the street to a different Subway (there are like 3-4 more in the immediate area) and were in and out quickly. We will not be returning to this one.
4	What can you expect from a subway in a gas station in Vegas?? I mean, they're clean, very friendly and they get my order right... What more could you ask for?! (Check out their monthly $5 footling deals: I eat half for lunch and the other half for dinner sometimes when I know I'll be working late) Great deal!
1	This Subway has a drive-thru, which I thought AWESOME, until I opened up my sandwich at work. It was smashed, poorly put together, veggies everywhere, soggy. It was disgusting. I had been on a Subway streak for almost a week and this sandwich put that to a dead stop. I couldn't eat Subway for another month. Bottom line, you have to watch the person physically make your sandwich because otherwise you get something completely inedible.
4	Open til 2am and they totally don't hold back with the goods. They were nice even tho it was past 1am which is awesome on their part since most people up this late aren't always in the best of moods. But I'm pretty happy with what was served. It doesn't take much to keep this girl satisfied! Lol
4	They're open 24 hours and that's a plus. The neighborhood is not so great, so I would not recommend coming here in the wee hours of the morning. It is a small subway not regulation size and generally they only have one person working the counter. This of course is a hassle when there gets to be more than one person waiting in line. Overall it was good, can't go wrong with the Subway.
