5	Caleb always does me right.
5	Got the perfect cut, I wanted, they even gave great suggestions, and were friendly, thats what Barber Shops are all about, simple experience, no thrills, great prices.
5	Clean and sound haircutThis is definitely an old school style barbershop that hasn't seen any modernization except maybe the tools of the barber, but really, everything is vintage. That is what makes a barber shop to what it should be. Too many shops focus on the appearance of their spots and almost disregard the quality of the hair cut itself. On the info, it will say that it's closed on Monday. However, if you go, I believe one barber is there so try to make an appointment. I'm actually not sure if they take any because I walked in and only waited about 5 minutes to get started. The woman that cut me was old and large. Not what you see typically everyday but don't let her appearance or attitude fool you, she will cut you well. I asked for a 0.5 all around the sides and back about mid way and she did it perfectly clean. The cut transitions smoothly to the top where I asked for a 3. Overall, one of the best. $14 a cut. Generous tips!
5	Old school and quick but good haircut. Andy knows what he is doing.
5	Just love love this place. I think I found my son new barber. It was super quick and the barber was good dealing with my son. It cost $14 but tip the man $16 for doing such a great job.
5	My Husband & I were looking for a good Barber Shop when we found Jesse's Shop. The lady that works on Monday did a great job on my husband and my hair cut. We were very pleased and definitely will return. Good price and excellent service.
1	Maybe I came on the wrong day because my barber's name was Richard and I was very unhappy. I could have probably gotten a better fade if I had done it myself. The top of my hair was uneven because Richard didn't take the time to run the clippers over it enough times to get all of the hairs. I ended up having to go home and fix it.
5	The concierge at the MGM Signature did me right by recommending Jesse's.  It's a classic, old-school barber shop.  Talked a little sports and got a great cut (including the hot-foam / straight razor trim-up).
5	Quality barber shop.  Got a great haircut.
5	Janet was great! Straight forward gal and did an awesome job on my hubby's hair and goatee.
4	Definitely an old school barber shop. Even had Bonaza playing on the TV. If your looking for an old fashioned barber shop this is it.
5	Richard did an excellent job cleaning up my bad haircut that I got at another barber. He also did my beard free of charge. Friendly service and close to UNLV since I am a student. This is a great place to get a haircut.
5	Great Barbershop! Not a salon but a real old fashioned honest to goodness barbershop.Richard, gave me a great cut, exactly what I asked for and expected. You can believe he's been cutting hair since the late 60's.Awesome experience, very laid back, great conversation and a reasonable price.They are cash only, so be prepared for that.I was in town for a convention, but they did as good a job as my regular barber back home in FL.I will be back next time I'm in town and need my ears lowered.
5	I kinda don't want to review this place cuz I don't want them to get busier than they are !! Lol , but seriously hands down, one of the best haircuts I have ever got!! Very low key and old school ! I have difficult hair and Richard , basically told me it's because I comb it wrong!! He is a no bs type of guy , but his work is amazing , I have been to high end and low end , haircutters , salons etc , but they usually are too busy gossiping with each other to explain things to you , I have a cow lick ? Who knew lol ? Can't wait till my next visit to finally undo all the years of bad haircuts I've had !! Also not like salons where they try to sell you a bunch of crap when they do talk to you , this place just concentrates on their work ( although they do have a small retail shelf , with some cool looking and retro products for sale , maybe in my next visit I'll get some ) !! But all in all definetly will be back !!
5	The best straight razor shave I have ever had. From New York to London to Cleveland to Las Vegas, I have had a straight razor shave as a little treat for myself.Jesse was hands down the best shave for the best price. For $15, this barber of 53 years spend damn near 45 minutes shaving me. He was kind, cautious, and thorough. Absolutely THE best!
5	This is by far the BEST haircut I have ever had in my life. I wish I live in the area I would get a hair cut here on a regular basis. Jesse (owner and barber) definitely knows how to cut hair and does an extremely good job. He takes his time unlike some barbers/hair stylist who tries to get you out as soon as they can. My haircut took approx 40 minutes. I am very satisfied and happy customer. Good price and good haircut.
1	I can't believe Guy isn't there anymore. A true hero. I enjoyed listening to his stories of WWII while he cut my dad's hair. I guess the owner of the shop was probably jealous of all of Guy's fans.
5	I use yelp to find a place with great reviews since I live in the bush, Alaska, and I hadn't had a haircut or shave in 11 months.  I called up Jesse on a Friday for an appointment on Saturday (the morning I arrived in Vegas).  I explained my story on the phone call and had a good vibe from the conversation.  Went in at 1015 and there were only two other customers and three barbers, but I waited until Jesse was finished, which was right at 1030.  I gave Jesse carte blanche to do what he thought was best, as I didn't want it military short but "shorter and professional looking."  Asked for a goatee as well.  After an hour of pampering (straight razor shave!), I looked 5 years younger and was super pleased.  Although friends said I went from looking like death metal rocker to washed-up R&B singer (lol).  And the price was $15 haircut, $15 shave, which is crazy cheap for Vegas.  It's an assuming shop in a strip mall east of the strip with 4 chairs.  Jesse was friendly (a native West Virginian and AF vet), and the conversation was great.  If I lived in Vegas I'd be seeing him every two weeks!
5	Great service. Angelo is the new guy...very pleasant and good with over 50y of experience!!!
5	Jesse is a great old school barber that does a great job of cutting hair. He had a barber that was working for him that gave me the worst haircut of my life and Jesse repaired it at no additional cost plus he refused to take a tip even though I insisted.  Jesse is a classy guy and now have been going to him for about 2 years or so. Just in case you were wondering that barber that gave me the bad haircut is no longer there. The high standards he sets are top notch.
4	Needed a barber shop as didn't make it before our trip to Vegas in July . Went here based on yelp reviews and for exactly what I needed. Like it high and tight and very short on top. Guys running the shop were interesting and told great stories. Price was good and when went back to Vegas in November, went right back to this place.
