5	Excellent place for dinner, business meetings, lunch or work. The atmosphere is fantastic. Great meeting room as well. Full technology available. Very modern and comfortable. The service is superb. Caleb is amazing. Rodney the perfect host. Great beer, food and wine selections.
5	This is a really cool spot.  My friend Nicki happened to notice this on our way to grab lunch in the area one day and suggested we pop in.  I'm sure glad we did!It's been hard to find anything relatively healthy in this area.  It's either burgers, pizza, chinese or sandwiches crammed with fatty ingredients. Thank goodness for Mod!   You have to try the heirloom tomato salad!  Fresh mozzarella, crunchy little wheat croutons and of course fresh heirloom tomatoes!   They come lightly drizzled in sweet balsamic  vinegar and olive oil.  Fresh, filling, delightful!My friend gets the grilled cheese and always seems to be happy with it.  The other cool thing about this space is that it's a co-working facility.   If you freelance or need a great meeting space you should consider a membership at this place.  Note:  membership not required to eat at the cafe.
2	I had high hopes for this place. Cool modern look and airy ambience. But sadly after two visits I experienced consistently poor service. Orders on both occasions were wrong and had  I not reviewed take out bags,  I would have left without half of my very expensive order. Very disappointed.  Ps. Parking in garage costs at least $2. And membership required to enjoy other benefits. BUT at least food was good.
4	Mod is reinventing the concept of co-working space in Phoenix. Mod features work space with an open atmosphere while providing secluded meeting space when needed. Mod is also home to gourmet coffee, exquisite food and an impeccable location. Whether it's just for a day or for a long term space, mod provides the perfect option for those looking for a great co working space in Phoenix.
5	The space is beautiful, with lots of natural light and soaring ceilings. It is my preferred " escape" from my dark downtown office. I take refuge here when I need to concentrate on document review and writing.The food is healthy and very good. The service is also very good.I tend to set meetings here as an inspiring and dynamic space that cultivates creative business solutions.
4	I signed up as a member this week. I'm pretty impressed so far..great internet, great coffee and wine bar scene. Its definitely my kind of place. So many other co working spaces and coffee shops are so crowded and filled with 20-30 year olds, its too young for me.Looking forward to more good times here!
