5	I actually make the trip here once a month for my son's orthodontics.  The trip is about 225 miles round trip for us. We are VERY pleased with this office. The staff is approachable, informative, thorough,  and just plain nice! I would highly recommend this office.
1	if I could give no stars for this location i would. staff never informed me I had a script for an emergency root canal. then when I switched dental offices they refused to fax over my X-rays to the new dental office. pick another place!!! save your time!
1	this place is a ZERO!!! stay away, they are looking to get every dollar out of you! STAY AWAY!!!
4	I've been going here for awhile now and I really am loyal to my Dr. Shiek; he's awesome, very nice, thorough, always has a way to calm my nerves since dental appointments freaks me out, and just plain accommodating. His assistants are always very nice too. I really love the dental staff from the back; reason for one star off are for their recent front desk...ummm they could learn to smile more or atleast greet u when u come in :-/ I'm not sure if she had a bad day, but I work in a customer service industry so it's definitely something I check wherever place I give my business to. Everything else is great, it's a very clean place and again the doctors and dental assistants are really nice :-D
5	Gentle Dental is as good as it gets! I had a major work done in this office. During my countless visits the staff was always uber nice, very professional, and extremely friendly. I always feel truly welcomed. Dr. Sheik's expertise is really  hard to distinguish from the pure art. His attention to details and friendly attitude is cherry on  top of the excellence of this office. I recommended Gentle Dental to my whole family and my wife was simply impressed. There is not enough words to express how much we feel lucky knowing these fantastic people.
1	I have been coming to this office for years. I absolutely love Dr. Sheikh he is such a great person and Doctor. I changed my insurance plan this year because I wanted to get braces. My Orthodontist appointment was on March 28th and I called the insurance company to see if they received all of the forms needed about 2 weeks ago and they stated no. So I called the office and asked if they sent the referral in for the insurance to approve my braces and they stated that it has been sent. The person I spoke to was so rude and didn't even offer to call the insurance company to verify or re-send it. I'm changing my Orthodontist because of this reason. I am also supposed to get a crown and the insurance denied it, I called the office and asked what needs to be done and they stated that an appeal needs to be filed. They didn't mention that they already did it so I called the insurance company to see if I can do it myself and they stated that I needed a written statement from my Dentist. I called the office again and stated that the insurance company needs a written statement from the Dr. so how should I get it. They said they have a specific person that files appeals (why wasn't I advised of this earlier). I love the old front desk people they were much more pleasant and helpful. The new people are very rude and unhelpful and i'm not sure if it's because of "HMO" or what because i'm definitely not rude when I call them. I will be looking for a new Dental office because of the new front desk staff.
4	I am a newer patient to Gentle Dental on Charleston. I've had one exam and one procedure done. Dr. Sheikh is my dentist and he is the best. I am 27, still fairly young, but haven't been to the dentist to get work done in about 13 years due to a terrifying experience that left me horrified of the dentist. The whole staff here truly lives up to the name of their practice "Gentle Dental". I had my wisdom teeth pulled just this last Thursday by Dr. Decacche. He was absolutely amazing and gentle as well. My only reason for leaving four rather than five stars is only because I was not spoken to regarding anything I needed to do for recovery other than take my anti biotics and pain medication. I had to find out through friends, family and research when I could do certain things or how long should the swelling last, etc. These are things you would think I would have asked about, however I assumed I would come home with paperwork that covered all of that. But instead I only got one piece of paper that told me what to do and not do in the first 24 hours. Other than that I love everything about this place. I went from a sobbing woman in the car before the procedure to a woman who doesn't necessarily look forward to having more work done, but doesn't tremble at the idea anymore. :)
5	We've been going to Dr. Sheikh for a couple of months, since starting our dental recovery journey. It's gonna be a long one, but Dr. Sheikh, Corey and Caprice have shown us a level of care and concern I've never experienced at a dentist's office. We always look forward to our appointments there, and that's saying a ton, because I have ALWAYS hated the dentist. Have had many many bad, traumatic experiences over the years but Gentle Dental Charleston has changed that for me. I recently had oral surgery, and was put to sleep. This is scary anyway. But I was treated so kindly, and with such concern, that I didn't worry about it at all really. It feels like Dr. Sheikh and his staff have made us part of their "family", and I don't dread the dentist anymore. I have to give a special shout-out to Corey and Caprice, because they went above and beyond on Monday, 10/6 by fitting me in for an adjustment at the end of their long day because they know I've been struggling to adjust to new dentures. Caprice was getting ready to go home, and agreed to stay to help me. She then did an adjustment on my contraption that has taken me from hating it to just mildly disliking it. Huge improvement for me in this situation. Corey and Caprice always make me and my partner feel welcome, cared for, and secure in the knowledge that nothing will be missed, we won't be overcharged, and they'll be mindful of our insurance limits. Even if I leave Vegas, I may just arrange to come back for dental visits, because I can't imagine going anywhere else.Thanks so much, Dr. Sheikh, Corey, Caprice and everyone else at Gentle Dental Charleston. You've changed my mind about dentists and dentist's offices!
