3	Slow as crap. But the sub is always good!!!
4	Loved their Philly Cheese steak. Definitely one of the more legit ones I've had. Took a little while to get my sub, but they are grilling it fresh in front of you, so I can be patient. Comparable to Philly's Best. YUM
4	Very pricey, but what do you expect for the airport?  $8.99 for a sub seems a little out there, but to be honest, it was a very good sub.  Same Jersey Mike's quality you expect to find at any of their locations.  At least, I HOPE you expect to find it there.I had the #13 (Original Italian, I think it was called).  There was a very sizable portion of lunch meat on the sandwich, which was awesome of course.  The toppings were very fresh, and the bread was pretty recently baked it seemed.  Despite the very long line, the staff moved quickly, but accurately, efficient and friendly as well.  It was a little more than I like to spend on lunch, but compared to the other options of burgers, pizza, and just general fried stuff, it was clearly the winner on appealing to my taste buds.  I don't like to grease-up when flying, so a sub shop usually gets my vote.  If I'm back here again and have the time, Jersey Mike's it is again.
3	This is most likely your best option for an overpriced sandwich at the airport. Definitely better than the ones in plastic wrap and you pay just a bit less at Jersey Mike's.
3	I had neve even heard of one of these things before, and she, being much more adventurous than I, decided she had to try one. I had a few bites, and I have to say, this was one tasty ass sub. I'm assuming it was pricier than most because it was at the airport, but even if it was't it was ten times better than, say, subway. At least the Philly Cheese steak was.  She said she watched them slice it all up to order nothing out of assembly line bins. It was moist and the bread was soft. Anyways, I am in Nor Cal and had never heard of one of these joints before. I'm a fan. If there is one close by, I'd have it again.
4	I've seen a number of people complaining about the cost of the sandwiches here which I don't entirely get. They don't seem any more expensive than they are at their non-airport locations.  I find this location to be fast and friendly and I like their sandwiches.  It's really easy to stop there when waiting for a flight or a connection.  The sandwiches travel well so they re great to take on the plane with you.  I'm usually out of there for less than $10.00 and am not hungry afterward so it feels like an OK deal to me.
4	I really love Jersey Mike's.  We have one in my hometown and after spending tons of loot in Las Vegas I was happy to find a sub place in the airport.  I WAS surprised at the pricing for this location.  First of all, they only have the regular size subs here, no minis.  Second, they only have one size drink so you are forced to buy a larger serving.  For two regular subs and two drinks we paid $28!!  I went to their website for my local Mike's to price check and the same exact meal is $18.28.  That's just crazy.  Besides that the meal was pretty good!  Airport food is never the same as the real thing for some reason but worthy of 4 stars nonetheless.  Finally, they do not have seating at this location.
4	i was here October 8, 2013.i had heard about this place- there's one not too far from where i live. i keep wanting to try it but never get around to it.i had a layover in Las Vegas so i figured i'd try it.i got the original italian- they put on lettuce and tomatoes and some sort of relish and oil/vinegar, olive, pickles, peppers. i was pleasantly surprised!!i'm in an airport at least a few times a month and the choices are usually pretty bad.now, all of you stuffy wanna-be food connoisseurs will probably take offense to me liking this spot. but, a good sandwich is a good sandwich!
2	Usual four star Jersey Mike's fare meets one star sanitation. This place has a dirty grill, prep areas and management and employees whose attitude confirms why it is this way. This isn't a review so much as a plea to the health inspector to cite this place before the leftover bits of food and the lettuce, which was slimy, get someone sick.  If these people ran the brand like a franchise store it would be the best food in this desert wasteland of airport eateries.
3	We were heading home from Vegas and needed something to eat before we board our plan.  After walking around the airport, we settled for this place.  My husband and I, both ordered a sandwich.  Prices were about $9 each (there was only one size).  I do like the sandwich but the bread tasted stale.
