3	OverallI really enjoyed opening day at Murphy's Law. This place looks so polished and interesting, I could have sworn it was part of a larger restaurant group. They had all the staple items you'd expect at an Irish pub (stout, stews and plaid clad wait staff).FoodFish and chips were tasty and crispy. It was a large portion and the standard fries were really good.The hamburger I ordered medium came out bloody rare and cold. Their second attempt was well done and without a lot of flavor. This part was the biggest flop of the evening.ServiceSuper friendly and amazingly attentive. They did have opening day jitters, but I'm willing to overlook a miscooked item on opening day if your servers have a great attitude. They did!SpecialThey have a special item on their menu that if you order it, they will donate 1/2 of the price of the item to a local downtown Chandler non-profit ICAN. That's cool!
3	We went on the opening weekend.  Atmosphere is nice.  It is nice to have a place like this in downtown Chandler.  It looks like this will become a spot to visit frequently.  Food was good.  Service was a bit slow.  Hopefully, they were just working out all the kinks.
4	So I checked out Murphy's Law in Downtown Chandler last night and was pleasantly surprised. I expected another wannabe Irish pub that really makes no effort (like Churchill's Pub. You can't just stick a couple of English posters and flags on the wall and call it a day..atmosphere, people, atmosphere. Ooh, maybe I will review that next), but it was a warm and inviting bar where I can envision spending an evening or two partaking in a plate of fish & chips and a few pints at the bar. I didn't eat last night (I was on my way to Cyclo), but my 3 other friends did and it all looked OK. I'm looking forward to going back and trying out their Irish breakfast..I'm originally from the UK so a slap-up fry-up is often a craving. So my 4-stars are for the look of Murphy's and atmosphere (it was Tuesday night and a good crowd of people), will go back and try the nosh and see if my 4-stars will remain.
3	Our group went for happy hour on a Friday afternoon, really wanting to like another local addition to downtown Chandler.  I understand they have only been open a week or two, so I was patient when service wasn't the most attentive.  Like when one of us ordered a beer that was on tap and the waitress goes "Huh? I've never heard of that?" and he had to point it out on her "Beers on Tap" cheat sheet she was carrying around.  The men liked the choices of beer, and the Guinness pour was above average with the shamrock detail on top.  They had a wine list, which was a pleasant surprise for me.  We didn't order food.The space is open with a long bar, long row of tables, and a couple high tables near the front for large groups.  I don't get the bear skeleton in the front.  Just seemed weird.Now, for the annoying part.  We arrived at around 3:30pm and stayed until 6:30ish......and were asked to cash out our check TWO separate times, meaning we would have THREE different waitresses.  Huh?  Why?  Unfortunately for Murphy's Law, being asked to cash out a second time was all we needed to get us out the door and to El Zocolo for some food.  Overall, hopefully they can work on the staffing kinks.....we'll give it another try.
2	I have just been to this Irish Pub with 3 friends for breakfast and it was an underwhelming experience. The server was slow and forgot parts of our order which meant one of us was waiting while the others were eating.The food:Eggs ordered over easy were cracked with the yolk leakingHash browns were mixed with overpowering onion'Irish' sausages were unimpressive (here's a tip Murphy's Law, buy your bangers from Sprouts)Perhaps it's because it's a new business but the basics of a decent breakfast shouldn't be that hard to master. I actually like the look and feel of the bar and will probably be back for a few pints and a Shepherds Pie but I would suggest you go elsewhere for breakfast .
3	....And down we go to 3 stars. But if I was judging it by the breakfast I just had on Sunday, it would be a 2-star for sure, but I still want to believe in this "little-pub-that-could" and think it may be a place for a few cheeky pints and bangers & mash. Do not go for the breakfast, I repeat, DO NOT go for the breakfast. It took forever to arrive, and then 3 out of 4 arrived and they had to ask the last person how they wanted their eggs cooked again, so that breakfast arrived 5 minutes after everyone else. The hash browns were I have to say quite digusting...minimal potato, maximum strong onion and so soggy they looked like they had barely touched a pan (or however you cooked those things). Couple of our group had hot tea and asked for milk which came in a big glass so dripping 2% all over the table...I'm pretty sure Ikea sell little jugs (that's what she said) for probably a buck a piece, might be worth the investment Murphy's. On the upside, the bacon rocked and I still think they have done a good job making it cosy and inviting inside. Just like Arnie.S in Terminator..."I'll be back..." but just not for brekkie.
2	Fair play to the owner who contacted me to make things right the next time I visit. With that kind of attention to customer experience I am sure this place will succeed.
3	Service good..Casey did good job..food, mediocre.  The wings were good, although hot was not very hot, but they were meaty and served nicely.  The rest not so good..caesar salad had chicken thay appeared to be boiled, bland at best, black and bleu burger ordered medium, nearly raw..irish coffee an absolute joke!  Get better at a pizza joint!  The bread pudding looked ok, but ws bland at best..not worth the money.  Draft Harp expensive, particularly for happy hour.  Was looking for good Irish place downtown, but 2 or three of the other bars in San Marcos Place outshine Murphys Law.  Also noisy as heck!
3	It's a great place to watch a game.  Big TV's, no loud music and a good layout where you can see the TV's with minimal effort or interruption. Service was okay.  She was a little grumpy, but everything was on schedule.  I don't really like a chatter anyway.The room has some nice personality with local flare.  It also has a bunch of signed dollar bills covering the entire north wall, the long wall behind the bar.I had the fish and chips, which were very good.  It was $12.95, which isn't cheap, but it was a good-sized portion and the fish tasted very fresh.  SO had potato/leek soup which was good and $4-$5.  The menu is the standard Irish pub fare.  There is a lunch menu. I don't think you would ever go here just for the food, but I haven't really tested the menu either.
2	First time I went (opening night) there was no Guiness on tap.OK, no biggy. Second time I went the fish and chips was really salty.  It happens, I'll live. Third time I went it took a loooong time for service and they were not busy. I guess somebody didn't show up for work. Fourth and last time I went I walked in and they were playing really loud head banger music.  Like when you walk into a place before they open and the cleaning guy is cranking AC/DC   I turned around and walk out.   I think I will give this place a year or two to get it together before going back. Too bad because its on my way home.
4	I went to Murphy's Law on a Wednesday night around 9pm, but it sure seemed like a Friday. We walked in to live music and a lively crowd. When I asked if week nights were usually so busy, I was told this was actually a slow night for this bar!  So we found a table and ordered some drinks and appetizers. The service was a bit slow, but the atmosphere was good so I really don't even think I would have noticed the lag in getting our food if it wasn't for the fact I was starving when we walked in. I had the chicken nachos, wow were they good!  My friend said the spciy wings weren't very spicy, but still tasted very good. Did I mention they have a reverse happy hour with 1/2 price appetizers?! Take note that this doesn't start until 10pm though. When we ordered ~9:30 the waitress told us the appetizers were half off, but our bill was for full price since she entered it into their computer before 10pm. Kudos to the owner for talking to us and changing our bill since the waitress had given us incorrect information. :)
3	You had at me at pub. Truly there was no chance of losing me, I was dedicated to you before we ever met and then....things went terribly wrong. Here are my problems - Your food and the odd talent you book. First the food. Everything was marginal. My irish stew - marginal. The boxty - marginal. The fish and chips above marginal. Made it all the way to average. I can overlook average and even marginal when I'm with friends and especially when I'm drinking! Hence, how you nailed me at pub!! But, I can't get my drink on if I can't hear my mates. And in this pub, I have no hope of hearing anyone because the musical talent drowns out all attempts at conversation. Damn it!!! I never thought I would ask a bar, please do not book musical talent but your pub has some terrible acoustics. Sorry, but its' the truth. That aside, what the hell do absurdly loud Jimmy Buffet songs have to do with a pub....? I've been three times now and it just isn't there. Enough w/my sour puss attitude..the high points, the service was not nearly as bad as everyone says it has been and your beer is cold and wet - I loved it. My standards are low!
4	We have been here a few time with a crowd and I have to admit, it is a pretty damn good time!  The only reason I can't give it 5 stars, it is so freakin loud in this place that it is hard to hear your peeps!  You have to shout in everyone's ear, but after a few Smithwick's it doesn't matter anymore.  Haven't tried the food yet, but hands down I give it up to this place as being one of the top Pub's in the East Valley!  Check it out.
3	Murphy's has a really cute, quaint environment.  Large selection of imported & domestic beers.If your dining fantasy is to be served by Megan Fox, stop by and ask for Casey's section.  She was charming and provided great service.The onion ring appetizer was served in a small pewter dutch oven.  Cute presentation, but not practical for a fried food, as the bottom rings got steamed and soggy.I ordered the shepherds pie, and my wife ordered the fish and chips.  My entree had all the right components for this classic dish, however the chef was a little heavy on the salt that night.  I loved the biscuit at the top.Think it was a bad night for the fish & chips.  It was a small portion size (2 pc) and the fish came out kind of soggy.   We think it sat on the line too long, giving the moist fish too much time to steam the beer batter.A manager came out to clear our plates, and asked how our dinner was.  We told him, and he offered to buy us a round and promised us that our next dinner would be perfect.  We declined the drinks but appreciated the good customer service.
3	I liked the environment. The decor was carefully thought out. I am curious as to how much money is actually on the walls. The corn bread was great. I had a potato skins and they had sat for a bit before arriving at our table. I think my husband was happy with his food (although I am not sure what he actually ate). I think this would be a great place to hang out on a Friday night.
3	Me and the wife went for lunch yesterday when we walked in we were greated by an overly hyper fellow........mngr??? we took a seat  and the server girl came to our table ordering seamed a little bumpy when they had potato leek soup on the menu but we were told ....I don't think we have that soup not that she went to check or maybe that was her way of saying we don't have that soup . I ordered the fish/chips which were good my wife had a club sandwich but in stead of on bread it was wraped in a crepe which seamed to be made w/potatos....not bad..all and all it is a decent place and i would rather have overly excited service than no service ....lots of good beer on tap
3	Murphy's greatest attribute is its location. The downtown Chandler area has so much potential and this is a good start. Murphy's is located in a nice plaza near the heart of the city. It's an Irish pub because we don't have enough of these in the Valley, right? It's in a narrow suite but the bar runs almost the full length of the place. It's not very large so it gets crowded fast. The weird thing is that it dies down after 11pm. I don't know why, the people just leave. Perhaps they know something I don't. But when there are people it a mix of late 20's to young 40's crowd.They have a lot of beers on tap, so you're sure to find something you like. The staff is friendly and they try their hardest to get to everyone. On certain nights they have live music playin in the corner. Not a lot of room, so it's usually a one or two piece band. I'm not worried, but I hope that this place sticks around. This area needs them.
3	My friend chose this place for after-dinner drinks to celebrate her birthday. As a New Yorker who's used to tiny and cramp bars, this place was gigantic. Although there were your average creepy guys who checked out every girl who walked by them, there were no odd smells, no sticky tables, and the wait staff was awesome. Along with Irish relics and artwork, the walls are covered with dollar bills that all go to a local charity at the end of the year. This is definitely representative of the fun local bars we can only find out west.
4	Last Sunday we needed a place to work that had wifi, beer, and a good breakfast. This place was suggested by a friend, and we got there at 8AM when they opened. We grabbed some tables in the back by the electricity (for our laptops) and ordered breakfast. I got a great pasty and the potato pancake part was awesome. Coffee is just coffee, so you can't really screw that up.Later I had an awesome Shepherd's Pie and reasonably priced beer. We drank, ate, and worked for about eight hours straight without any complaints from anyone. Wifi was fast and reliable, and the place was clean and tidy. I will go back soon.
3	I have been here several times, usually in the afternoon when it is more low key.  The on tap beer selection is solid for those who want something more than golden beer flavored water.  Service has always been good.  Bonus points for the charity dollars on the wall.  Just reading what some of them say is worth the trip.  When you go donate your buck!  Not sure if they still do this but if you are the lucky person to get the last drink out of a Jameson bottle, you are entered into a contest for a trip to Ireland.  They choose from all the people at the end of the year or something.The food is actually quite good.  we usually just grab a few appetizers because we are in for a light lunch or snack.  Their Jameson grilled wings are great.  That's right not baked in its own fat or fried in more fat, just grilled.Among the many over priced touristy spots in downtown Chandler it is good to have a pub with decent food, a solid beer selection, and a nice decor to check out.
1	I went with a group of ten or so ladies to celebrate a friends birthday.  I was not impressed.  The ambiance is fine, the alcohol is fine, the food is TERRIBLE.  I went starving to the restaurant.  Big mistake.  Being a vegetarian the options were slim to none.  I had several appetizers to choose from but everyting was fried, greasy or with cream.  I understand it is a bar and they serve bar food but the variety of anything what-so-ever healthy was just not there.  I ended up getting corn bread.  It came in a skillet with whiskey butter.  The butter was interesting but the corn bread was just dry and tasteless.  I thought from reading the menu it had chilies and corn in it but I didn't see or taste anything like that.  I picked at it and then gave it to the other ladies at the table.  Now I am STARVING.  They offer not one single vegetarian item on the main menu.  NOTHING.  Not a grilled cheese, a veggie burger, NADA.  I thought that is weird.  Plenty of people I know these days don't eat meat.  Ah well, that left me with ordering a dessert to fill my tummy.  I asked the waitress what she recommended.  She said the bread pudding is fabulous and her favorite.  I thought it was terrible.  Really yucky.  No flavor and the scoop of vanilla ice cream on top had ice crystals in it.  It tasted worse than a store brand ice cream with freezer burn.  Ick.  I ate a couple bites and didn't finish that either.  I would never go to this bar/restaurant hungry again.  The food in the establishment will never pass these lips.
3	Murphy's Law is nothing terribly special.A few thoughts:- It's quite small (narrow) and seating is hard to find because they get busy early.- The patrons seem a little older than the normal bar crowd. - When they have music on you can still talk and hear the music. When they have a band it's way too loud. You have to scream at your friend sitting next to you.- I am fairly certain they do not have a patio, so you are trapped inside.- Because there is not enough parking in downtown Chandler, parking is always a challenge.If my friends did not like to go here I probably wouldn't bother.
3	Good if you are doing bar hopping downtown Chandler. Haven't try much there but a beer. It has a cool environment, but a bit narrow space. Decoration is really nice and they have the funniest images!. Will have to sit down there again.
2	I leave Chandler for a few years, and it turns to Scottsdale.Being a fan of Chandler bars like the Pecos Lounge and ... well ... the Pecos Lounge, I was shocked to see this sqeaky-clean, themed, yuppie bar in a neighborhood that used to mean death for white people.As my drinking buddy noted, "I know it's an Irish pub, but do they need to beat you over the head with it?" Green backlit alcohol displays, racist comedy on the video screens, Shamrocks and green crap all over the place ... please stop.Also, I hate when bartenders need refer to a video screen to place my order and give me a total. It was a gin and tonic and a whiskey Coke. You should be able to do that in your head, take my money and let me go have fun.
5	If you're in town at the San Marcos resort you would be crazy not to stop by Murphy's Law once or twice if you have the time.  The best thing about the bar is the waitresses with the short dresses and knee high socks.  The second best thing was it felt like I was home at a dive in Massachusetts.  Once you get in, you forget you're in a strip mall.  It feels like an Irish pub I go to in Boston before a Bruins game.  They had some good drink specials going on the first time I went.  I forgot what I got but it was blue and full of booze.  The Sunday morning breakfast was perfect.  They keep breakfast simple.  Eggs, French toast, hash browns, and home fries.  I'm not a morning drinker, but my buddy I work with had a Bloody Mary that he said was one of the best he's ever had.I tried the Murphy's club on Monday night.  It hit the spot.  Full of beef and bacon what's not to love?  I washed it down with a Bud Light.  The waitress we had was friendly, and took the time to flirt with us making us ugly sales guys feel a little special.  It showed in her tip.  If I lived in the area, I'd spend a lot of time at this bar.  If you're in town on business it's a perfect bar to go to for some beer and eye candy.
4	The food here is good!We came in for lunch and decided to order two things to share. All of their sanwuches are available on bread or Boxty (a huge potato pancake). We ordered the Irish Club on Boxty. It was HUGE! It was filled with corrned beef, roast beef, ham, bacon, tomatoes, and some screaming hot jalapenos. It was soooo good! one order could definatly feed two hungry people. We shared half and took the rest home.The other dish we ordered was the Cloudy Day (as it was one outside). We ordered it on bread for the purpose of dipping. It was filled with roasted beef on grilled sourdough with mashed potato, grilled tomatoes, cheddar, and Swiss cheese and served with Smithwicks Au Ju for dipping. The Au Ju was really tasty. The beef was good with no fat and not stringy at all.I was pleastly suprised by the food here. They serve breakfast on the weekend and I will be back to try that.My only complaints are that they do not have any outdoor seating and the service was a bit slow. They were haviong some serious issues with the draft beers and that may have slowed things down.
4	Coming from Boston this was a trip - it was like a Disney world version of the real thing. A Irish pub that I go to in Southie recreated in over the top manor nestled in a picturesque shiny new Chandler downtown. It was even on Boston St. I was like a bazaaro Boston where old plastic surgery cougars and BMX type (I think T.J. Lavin was there) bandanaed bros replaced the usual preppy/ super Irish Southie crowd. The decor was decent but almost too much with the $1 written on bills plastered everywhere ( A real Irish pub tradition) and green lights and screens all around.  I was surprised at how good the food was both the traditional Irish fare and the modern updates on bar food classics were all pretty good. People got super wasted - more so then in Btown -  the hot staff was veryforward with pushing booze on us, which was kinda fun. All and all not bad - I made me feel like home and a little like my wild days at ASU w/splashes of Scottsdale in the charming new Chandler downtown.
4	Pretty cool place we stumbled upon this evening.  Okay, right away it looks a little corny, like they're trying too hard with the hip, Irish pub theme. But once you see the beer list, your mind should be at ease.Really good selection of quality beers. Famous names and local brews really round-out the selection nicely. Service is pretty good and the staff was friendly.We also ate here. The food was pretty average, but not too bad for pub grub. Just depends on what you're in the mood for.In this neighborhood, it seems like one of the best bars as many of the others are a bit shady. Definitely stop in and check it out.
3	My wife and I ate here for lunch back in March. The service was good. The atmosphere was reminiscent of the pubs in Dublin and in Killarney. Lots of personality. The food? We ordered the fish and chips (any pub lives or dies on that alone). It was just okay. It wasn't memorable and it wasn't crispy. It was just...okay. I would recommend that you try something else if you go here besides the fish and chips. I've had better from a non Irish/English establishment.
4	This place is great! Awesome selection of beer. Great food, great atmosphere, great people all the time!
4	I liked the place.  I can only say that the service was wonderful and I thought my Irish Nachoes were pretty tasty.  I didn't get to have a "drinky" but if you like beer this might be the place for you (having taste-tested several varieties from patronizing friends).  It's pretty upbeat on a Friday night and thought that downtown Chandler was a fun place to be (much to my surprise).  Grab a few good friends (or 10) and go.
4	Great place to eat/drink; the pretzel appetizer is fantastic with the nice soft pretzels in the shape of shamrocks. Wouldn't have tried this except my sister wasn't very hungry and ordered it for her meal once and bang! Now we get it each time we go. The beer selection of of high quality and the reuben is fantastic.My only complaint is the noise level-gets quite loud with/without live music. May be the hallway layout, may be acoustics of the sweet pub ceiling tiles, or maybe we just have a lot of loud mouths in the valley.
4	This is a great place to grab food and drinks. It can get pretty full on the weekends, but you can usually score a seat. The food here is addictive. I love the irish cheese dip and the corn cakes. They taste delicous with the yummy pear cider.On the tvs they have these funny signs with quotes that are pretty entertaining. Strangely, there seems to be a never-ending reel of them. I haven't seen the same one twice.The past few times I've been there, they've had an Irish guy playing music... Hugh. He gets a little angry if you don't clap along, but otherwise he's pretty fun. I like this place... definitely will be back for more irish cheese dip.
4	Murphys Law in downtown Chandler was a great time. We went with some friends to have a couple drinks and some food. The menu was mostly irish pub grub but what would you expect. They make an awesome carbomb too. It was full but not crowded, got loud at times which made it hard to hear the person across from you but not unbearable. The service was friendly and helpful and kept our glasses full with their high quality beer selection.
5	I'm a big fan of Murphy's Law, I like this place it has a good feel - it's comfortable.  Currently at 5 visits for lunch only and each time I've tried a different menu item, and 5 times have I been extremely happy with the food. I think the corned beef and cabbage sliders are my fav tho especially with the sweet bbq type sauce on top... hard choice but I love those things.  The sweet potato fries are awesome and now my only choice of sides.  The Cloudy Day sandwich is great and the Au Jus is killer.  The beef is good and no fat anywhere on it.   The Beef Stroganoff was like mom used to make it.The inside of the place has cool deco on all walls and ceiling and lots of dollar bills stapled up too.  Lots of flatpanel tv's around showing sports and funny pics from the web that helps keep any conversation funny.  The place is like a long thin corridor - I haven't been there at night but I would assume with a lot of people it'd be interesting walking through that to the back where the bathrooms are.The waitresses are always nice and the manager / owner seems to walk around a lot and make sure everything is good and jokes around too... nice guy.There's already been comments about parking in previous reviews... and I agree - not entirely their fault but there's a big gravel lot a 1/2 block away that has ample parking. It's not really that big of a deal.Last thought:  Look up Murphy's Law address on Google maps and hit Satellite view and zoom into the building... ;)  Enjoy
4	This place is located in Downtown Chandler; on Arizona Ave, just south of Chandler Blvd (near San Tan Brewing). It's a fun Irish Pub, with great food and a good variety of beer. A group of 7 of us went for a weekday lunch and they quickly got a few tables together and had us sitting within a few minutes. The service was fantastic the entire time. The World Cup was on and there were several soccer (football) fans watching the games and getting really into it. A very fun atmosphere.
5	If you are looking for a good selection of various draft beers and a fun place to drink them this takes the cake.  Great sense of humor.  The cheese dip here is just incredible.. Whether you are dipping pretzels or bread in it.
5	Breakfast was excellent, really on my top five lists of best breakfast joints anywhere.  The corned beef hash is great.  Portions were generous.  Service was attentive and friendly.
4	I usually go to murphy's law for late night drinks and a snack.... Never been disappointed on anything I've ever eaten from apps to sandwiches and they have a unique beer selection.  definitely one of my favorite places in Chandler! Get the pretzels with cheese sauce! Awesome!!!!
3	Its walking distance from our hotel (Crowne Plaza)  at downtown Chandler. I originally wanted a full meal but ended up with Blue Moon beer and a plateful of beer marinated wings. Good enough. Interesting decor. Their wall is covered with autographed, real dollar bills.  I'd come again for another Blue Moon maybe sometime this week.
4	I really like Murphy's Law. So far I haven't had anything that was bad. There were a few daily specials that were just kind of "meh" compared to other things I've had but all in all, it's worth stopping by here if you're looking for food in downtown Chandler.It's usually quick and easy to grab lunch, so if you're in need of good lunch that's not going to exceed your lunch hour, this is a great choice.Make sure you get the sweet potato fries for a side...they're good :)
4	very comfortable, authentic Irish pub.  did not eat but what we saw looked and smelled good.  Had Black and tans and they were done well.  service was good considering it was crowded.  Great location with all the other places around it...makes for a good adult pub crawl/progressive dinner....
4	I LOVE this restaurant. It has a very authentic feel with the green lights, dollar bills, and Irish decor. They have the absolute best draft on tap menu I have ever seen - you can try drafts from all over the world. Try the Harp's Ale from Ireland if you're like me and can't handle the strong Guinness. And the Crispin (alcoholic apple cider) is always a good choice - ask for it without the ice so you get more!The waitresses are very nice and attentive. My favourite appetizer is the Irish Cheese Dip with the chips and bread - the shamrock pretzels are cute but it tastes better with the chips and bread! And the bread pudding...oh man...I've never liked bread pudding but this dessert is in a category all on it's own. Swimming in a sizzling pan of alcohol and sugar topped with ice cream...mmm...As a vegetarian I can't comment on too many of the other dishes, but my husband loved the corned beef and cabbage and their lunch sandwiches. The only reason this restaurant doesn't get 5 stars is...it's a bit expensive. But so worth it.
3	visiting the area for a wedding and stopped by for a pint. interesting decor with all the signed dollar bills on the walls.  ordered a pint and was told that i needed to open a tab with my card. i was dressed ok enough for a little more trust, but guess i wasn't the typical customer they get. i usually carry enough cash in my pocket for a pint. anyways, the place was probably a little too cool for me.
3	Pretty decent beer selection and the kitchen is open late.
2	All right...  So I go to an "Irish" bar/pub for one reason and one reason only.  To have irish whiskey.  So when I went to Murphy's Law I expected to have some irish whiskey, it is an Irish pub after all.  So when I ask what types of irish they have I get the answer "Bushmills and Jameson"  Just regular old Bushmills and Jameson.  Not even the top shelves of each brand, just the boring old shopping at Walgreens brands of irish whiskey.  So I have a new "Irish" bar that I hang out at.  It has a way better and deeper selection of Irish whiskey.  It's called Fry's Grocery store.  I'll be getting my Irish on in the frozen food section.
3	Standard issue Irish pub with the addition of walls covered with paper money which patrons have kindly donated as an emergency fund should the pub fall on hard times.Actually that is probably not why they are there but the thought occurred to me...I had fish & chips which were good.  Not the best I've had in the valley but good.  I liked the atmosphere and the service so I will likely be back. I've got enough Irish in me blood to sway my dollar a wee bit in the direction of Irish pubs.  'Course the spirits do me fine as well.
4	Every time I come here, the food is awesome - from the apps, the sliders, the strawberry salad, all good.  They appear to have a pretty big list of beer, but I don't drink beer!  The atmosphere is relaxed and friendly.  The service at the tables tends to be slow (bartenders take notice much quicker than any of the servers).
5	We came across Murphy's Law while staying at a hotel nearby.  This Irish Pub is similar to my favorite Honolulu Irish pub, O'Toole's, but better for several reasons:1.  Smoking is NOT allowed2.  You can ruin your own perfectly good dollar bill by customizing it with a permanent marker and using a large, heavy duty staple gun to affix it to the wall!  I do believe it somehow ends up being donated to charity but don't quote me.3.  The bathrooms are larger, cleaner, and just betterOverall a great bar!
3	Cool atmosphere but you pay for it. Decent bar with decent bar food but slightly over priced IMO. Solid beer selection and the whole downtown Chandler scene is growing on me. If you make a night of it in downtown Chandler this place deserves to be a stop on your tour.
5	It doesn't get better.  The cheese dip is to die for.  Absolutely blissful.  I have never had bad food here.  The atmosphere is great and always wonderful to see the regulars.  If I wasn't so busy Im pretty sure I would just live here.
3	Do not order the Jerk Chicken Salad. The dressing is a very sour coconut concoction. Even with a different dressing I still couldn't eat much. Stick with the Boxtys and other pub fare.
5	This is my absolute favorite pub to visit. Great food, and I am in love with Ace Pear Cider. I try to get over here every other week.
4	I love Murphy's!  Great beer selection. I've tried several things on the menu and am always blown away by how good it is. Great breakfast too. My favorite appetizers are the Buffalo Bangers and the Pretzels. The fish tacos are delicious. Service is always good. It's a good bar to go and sit with friends for some drinks and food.  Good for the late 20s and up crowd.
2	What an experience.It took 29 minutes from the time we sat down to get out lunch. The waitress had no sense of urgency until we found another server and the bartender to enlist some help.We had our baby and 7-yr old with us, so the more time that passed the more out-of-control they got. It was quite agitating.It took maybe 10 minutes for our drink order to come out.The only thing saving this from a 1-star review is the food. The food was very tasty. We ordered wings, a chicken breast, and the cheese/tomato sandwich.I was surprised that the waitress didn't even apologize for any delays nor did we hear from a manager.
3	While I'm ready to give Irish Republic (formerly Murphey's) 2 stars based on appearance (divey, dark, cliche Irish bar - though eclectic) and some of the service we've encountered (lackadaisical, confused, being ignored or forgotten - though rare), the food is consistent almost to a T and the list of craft beer they have available on draft and in bottles is impressive considering it's a run-of-the-mill Irish pub.  Most of the seating is inside, but there are a few stools out front on the walkway (within a confined area that's bordered by big black bars) that are used for overflow or for people who just want to be outside.  The bathrooms are all the way in the back and there's a long enough hallway so that if there's a line, you're not waiting in a crowd or watching the door obsessively to see if you can sneak in before anyone else.  They are fairly large, well-lit, and cleaner than most bars as well.Back to the food - some of it is greasy, some of it is isn't, it all depends on what you're ordering and you recognizing that you're in a bar (hello).  The fried foods are the good kind of greasy and pub chips are finger-lick-inducing.  Any fish served here is better than some other places around the area, and the portions are hearty - enough to fill you right to the top or save some for later.  If you're looking for a good appetizer, try the creamy artichoke dip with the tortilla chips, fries, or pub chips, you can't go wrong.  They have live music on weekends, including Thursday nights if I remember correctly, and every Monday they have "Manicures and Martinis" for the ladies ($12).If you're looking for a place to try some great craft beer, this is a place to visit for sure.  It might not seem like it, but Murphy's has (besides your usual Miller, Bud, Coors crap) ~15 bottled beers and ciders and ~20 on draft, many of which are local.  And, if you're not too sure about what kind of beer you like, most of the bartenders are knowledgable enough to help you pick something out to try or will blend you something with cider and beer - which is pretty awesome if you've never tried it.
5	Yes, indeed what can go wrong will go wrong, but sorry it doesn't apply here at Murphy's Law.  Free UFC fights what!? Yep, I don't understand why more bars won't do this, but total props for the Law.  Place was totally made for hanging out wearing shorts and t-shirt and maybe less :)  Price of the drinks were decent -- get the beer flights totally worth it if you don't know what to order.  I got me some steak fries, oh so worth it even though it's still a load of carbs to run off!  Service was good especially when the place was popping.  Chicks in short skirts and leggings, I'm not one to complain!  The place is decored with dollar bills which you can write yourself and post up!  I still gotta do that myself, but there's always next time.  To top it off live music on Saturday nights for sure, but not sure about the rest of the nights. - Enjoy!
3	What Murphy's Law does have is a great beer/drink selection and delicious food! Though expensive! The cons: this bar gets VERY crowded fast since it is a very small and narrow bar. This place is also extremely loud when there is live music. I love live music, but not here. The building and atmosphere is too small to be having loud live music, you cant even hear yourself talk. I recommend sitting on their patio, there's usually a table open even if there's a wait inside. And you can happily listen to the live music through the windows and have a conversation at the same time :)It's a fun atmosphere, check it out!
2	hate having to do this but there has been a lot of changes at Murphy's in the last year, none of which I can report as being good. This place used to be consistently great with service and food but I'm sad to say it's not anymore. Began earlier this summer when the food started being hit or miss. Some days it was the stellar food we all came in to have at lunch and other days... not so good. To the point that the last three times were bad and the large group of us haven't gone back and probably won't. The food thing came down to if a certain chef was working - if he was there, good; if not, bad. Started asking the waitresses and figured out the trend. Fast forward to today and that chef has left and no longer works there. Which leads me to understand why the last 3 times in a row the food has been subpar. Like what makes a tomato hard? wasn't green or unripe but hard like... tough to cut hard. wtf? I don't know enough to know this is a reason the food has got worse but typically if you're looking to franchise you get different food vendors that can deliver the same type of food to your locations all across the country. So think frozen foods instead of more fresh stuff etc. I mean it makes sense.Also when you have a trained Chef quit whom made great food, and tailored to groups that wanted more expensive off the menu lunches and catered for local businesses & events... something's up. I can only assume it was the quality in food and the new direction... ... meaning... I also found out (chandler news and biz journal) that Murphy's is wanting to franchising and changing their name to Irish Republic and some of what's going on inside. Girls with slightly different garb... kilt's and knee-high's. etc. Not so much breastaraunt-ish but similar. Trademark Info: http://www.trademarkia.com/irish-republic-public-house-85274024.htmlService... much like the food the service has gone down in quality. There never seems to be enough girls during what used to be the lunch rushes and an hour lunch quickly turns into 1:30 lunches waiting on fill-ups and food and the check. It's not horrible service, girls are nice and friendly, just slow. In summary:We haven't returned in at least 4 weeks and it's just not an option when thinking of places to eat downtown Chandler anymore. From 5 to a 2 (meh i've experienced better).I miss what Murphy's was - we all do.
4	Food is awesome! I am not sure about the service because I usually sit at the bar. Small place, but it works.
4	Lunch on Saturday with my sister and nephew.   Please note:  This review is solely based on a dining experience... (although I will head back to check this place out at night!)On the menu:Appy:  Soft pretzels sticks (4) and cheese (All appys $5 during happy hour!)Drinks:  A pint of Guinness for my sister and the perfectly poured Snakebite for me. Happy Hour prices (Daily 2pm-6pm) only $5/pint. Entrees:   Nephew:  Mild Wings   $8.99 (All appys $5 during happy hour!)   Sister: Chicken Shepherd   $10.99   Me: Turkey Reuben (sub coleslaw for sauerkraut) with sweet potato    fries.    $9.29We shared them all and have to say we were extremely impressed.  The wings were big and well flavored.  The Chicken Shepherd was equivalent to a cauldron full of cheesy chicken pot pie with a flaky puff pastry mounted on top. The turkey Reuben was dee-lish with thick crusty bread and well seasoned coleslaw.   The sweet potato fries were some of the best that I've had.  Definitely more than enough food for all of us!The atmosphere:  Fun, eclectic, divey type bar with an Irish flair... Just my kind of place! Plenty of entertainment in reading the dollars posted all over the walls!  :)The service:  Adequate.  Nothing really stood out as exceptionally good or exceptionally bad... Overall:  We walked out happy and full!  Prices a little high unless you hit up happy hour or use the 2 for 1 in the Entertainment book.   Definitely will hit this place up again!
4	Very busy (even at 3 in the afternoon) but especially at night. Great beer (according to my husband...his favorite is the White Chocolate Ale) Reuben sandwich is really good, but overpriced. And they charge 50 cents per side or ranch or honey mustard which is pretty lame, since I maybe use 1/4 of the cup they gave me. $12 for a sandwich and fries? I could accept $8 or $9. I will say though...if you DO go there...try the shepherd's pie. You won't be disappointed. I'll be primarily going there for drinks and happy hour.
4	Really good Ruben sandwich! Love the sweet potato fries! The service is great! Go to this place and see for yourself.
2	Rip  off warning! This place has sure changed and not for better.  Warning that the happy hour appetizer while $5 vs $8 or so it is also about half the portion   total rip off!  Since when are happy hour appetizers smaller????
3	Ran out of Guinness.  Seriously they didnt' have Guinness.   It was a tuesday night but still, I was stopping by after work for a quick pint.  No bueno.  I was forced to try the Kilkenny's Irish Red.  Pretty good stuff, but it ain't Guinness.  Food was horrible and i even went with the server's recommendation, the "Cloudy Day" i believe it was.  Aptly named, because it was depressing.  There's mexican food on the menu too.  Confusing. If you want atmosphere, go.  My guess is they will probably have Guinness when you are there.  Eat somewhere else before you go.And, seriously, lose the tilted kilt uniforms for the servers.  It kills the genuine atmopshere that I think this place does a good job of creating.
4	I was early for a dinner date around the corner and happened to see a couple of guys hanging a sign for what looked like a new Pub/Restaurant.  I always like to try new places so I ventured in.  I guess this place used to be called Murphy's Law and now it is called Irish Republic. I had never been to Murphy's Law, so although I have nothing to compare it to, I did like the interior and service of the "new" Irish Republic. I sat at the bar and service was attentive and friendly.
4	First, probably closer to 3.5 stars.Second, it's located in the old downtown Chandler square.  Phoenix wishes they had something like this.  So when the Phx types who are too cool for school make their way to Chandler, this is what a downtown reclamation process should look like.Having said the above...I don't quite understand the beer pricing and sizing.  Seems a little out of what.As for the food, everything I've had there has been very good to great.  I've had fish and chips several times there and have asked for cocktail sauce.  Since they don't have it in a jar they make it by scratch.  Keep in mind this isn't a very technical task but they do an outstanding job each time.My major concern is the owners are moving to franchise "the concept."   Not sure how that's going to work out or how it will impact food quality, but I'm guessing for the worse.
4	Great service and good food.  My favorite part is the Trivial Pursuit packs arranged at the bar every 4-6 people! Great for an ice breaker, fixing a lull in the conversation or just proving that your boss is, indeed, an idiot!
3	Average. Nothing special or over the top about this bar. It's authentically an Irish Pub (which I love) but the prices are very high.The atmosphere is friendly, service is average, and the bar is large and well-spaced. It's great for a group setting or just catching a drink after work. I was disappointed with the higher prices. Two beers and two glasses of house wine cost me $30 (before tip!). Not cool.
2	Soso food, bad service, $7 beers. Yet another "Irish" bar. Skip this one until they come under better management.
5	Brews are ice cold BUT!!! there food is GREAT!!!! and the servers are cute/sweet! Also try there breakfast hugh servings and coffee never ends they make it strong too, not no whimpy coffee here. Fridays a bit crowded so get ther early, so it make great for a real Irish Pub.  LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! try there fish & chips, Sheperds Pie oooooo goood!!!! and the bread pudding is Jodie approved!!! 5 stars she LOVED IT, and my wifew knows here bread pudding.
1	THIS PLACE WAS ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE. Avoid this place if you can. I was visiting from out of town and we decided to stop and eat here for lunch. It wasn't that busy, yet it took about 5 minutes to get a waitress to get our drink order. After we ordered our food, we waited THIRTY to FORTY minutes for our food. First of all, its a pub. The food we ordered was simple and should not have taken that long. We had to remind our waitress several times what we wanted on the side. Not only that, I just looked at my bank statement and they charged me over DOUBLE what I was supposed to be charged. This place SUCKS. not worth your time or money.
1	My family and I had purchased tickets online to attend the St. Patrick 's day festival and have a nice lunch at the pub.  When we arrived, we decided to go to the festival first, right at Noon when it was scheduled to open.  Mass chaos with pre-purchased tickets, designated driver tickets and wristbands.  Waited until 12:40 and the festival STILL wasn't opened.  We asked for a refund on the festival tickets, and wanted to go eat at the pub for a nice, authentic Irish meal.  Once we arrived at the pub, we were informed that no one under 21 was allowed in today.  That was not on ANY of the festival information - flyers or website!  The whole event was disorganized; non of the management nor staff knew what to do or expect.
1	The VIP area for St Paddy's day party was a bust for the price. Limited drinks and very limited food
1	I've been to this place a few times when it was Murphy's Law.  I found the big screen TV's rather annoying and the staff indifferent.  The grilled wings are good but the nachos were horrible.  The beer selection is above average. A friend of ours stopped in after the renaming.  She just ordered an Arnold Palmer but let's check the place out.  She said she had a horrible service and was never asked about a refill and after paying more for a while was finally handed a check. My friend and I ordered drinks and split a fish and chips.  When it came time to pay the POS system was down.  We had to wait 20+ minutes with no offers of anything comped before being told that my order was $19 his was $8 and that they didn't know what tax was ut $31  should cover it..........  $4 tax on a $27 bill?  Seriously?  After waiting another 5min or so they finally calculated the tax for my bill, my friend gave them some money and told them to keep the change but was never given an accounting.  This is some of the worst service I have experienced.  The waitresses were indifferent and the bartender lacked knowledge of the beers on tap to begin with, but having to wait 30min for the bill and then being given no consideration is unforgivable.  I sent the place an email outlining my complaints with service 24 hours ago and still haven't received a response.  I will update if I do.
1	I never did get a response from the management on the horrible handling of the credit system being down.
4	4 stars because of the bar company. My boyfriend & I chatted with a Marine namef Mike from out of town. Cool guy! Bartender started out as distracted(not his fault as he should have had staff to back him up if needed) but ended but being super cool. Managers are a pain in the ass to get them to be friendly to you. Had 2 appetizers...the turkey avocado bites(kind of a turkey bruschetta thing) & the pretzel with cheese(HAVE TO OEFER WITH THE CHEESE). The ptetzel cheese app was soooo much better than the turkey avocado bites! I give them a 5, & the bites a 3(which I expected the opposite of both).
4	This is a nice little place.  We've only stopped in for drinks and apps a couple of times, but the bartenders are really nice, and my Margarita was good (which is rare for a bar/pub type place) and the onion rings are yummy.  We'll definitely go back!
4	Are you looking for a no frills Irish pub in Chandler? You've found it. This is such a cool bar and I wish there were more with this much character around Phoenix. This is a narrow bar that feels like it should be in a big city. Dollar bills line the walls, sports play on the tvs, loud music excites the atmosphere and the beer is flowing. They also serve food! This bar has character and I mean dive bar character. If you are in Old Town Chandler and eager to enjoy some drinks in a lively setting, this is your spot.
3	Used to be "Murphy's Law" - decor is the same, but the food isn't as good. I think this must be a chain because for whatever reason the new owners/management feels stale almost like an Applebees. I just hope they don't take down the giant bear skeleton in the front walkway! Still fun for a Saturday, live music and cool atmosphere.
3	Here's my update. Irish Republic was WAY better when it was Murphy's Law *sheds a tear* It is now a franchise and the service is crappy, and being the beer connoisseur that my husband is, they no longer list the AVB next to the beers. It was depressing the last time we all went to the Irish Republic because all of us sat there and said, "This place has REALLY changed...for the worse." It's not horrible, still a fun place to hang out but now all they play is pop music all night long and I really miss the live bands. Maybe they still have live bands, but they didn't have one on the Saturday night we went.
4	Recently spent a girls weekend in downtown chandler and were looking for somewhere for a nice breakfast. We quickly settled on Murphys law/Irish republic... It was a Sunday morning around 9am and there were a few tables with customers, so it wasnt hard to find a seat.  We were greeted and handed menus, but it was a few minutes before we were able to give our order.  The food came and the portions were HUGE.  The only complaint we have about the food was the toast was so dry, it broke just from picking it up.   The only real complaint I had, was that some of the waitresses were more interested in taking tacky, inappropriate photos with a large beer tower that they will begin serving for football season.  I am not sure if they think it was proper or funny to do that while customers were seated 10 feet away, but both our table, as well as the table of 6 elderly women at the table next to us found it extremely tacky.  Perhaps, promotional photos should be done when there are not clients there to witness.I would go back for breakfast, not sure about evening meals as the place seemed vert small and I would think it would get very loud and hard to hold a conversation.
1	This place has gone downhill cause of the owner
4	I enjoyed this pub. AZ is really lacking in places that have a quality pub feel. This one has it.Never tried the food. Beer prices can be a bit high at $4 each but whatever. Will go at happy hour next time and see what kind of specials they run.
4	I've been to Murphy's every time I go to AZ (always for work).  Although it's been so long since I've traveled for work, it seems the name has changed...I choose the hotel around the corner so I can walk back and hopefully rid myself of a few calories from the amazing food and beverages!  I've tried the Corned Beef and Cabbage twice.  The first time was the best.  it was juicy, flavorful and the mustard seeds added such a unique touch to the dish, I was instantly a fan.  The Shepherd's pie was tasty enough.  Too much for my tummy, but I did my best.  But I will say, my favorite part was my very first visit.  I sat at the bar and the bartender came over to take my order.  When I explained my dietary restrictions, he ordered something for me (off menu shhhhh)...  It was Ahhhhmazing!  Not only did it have the perfect blend of protein and veggies that I asked for, but the chef had sliced and broiled/grilled a few cherry tomatoes to send my palate into over drive!  With so many choices of beer to choose from, I enjoyed the different flights available and found I really like the variety offered.the atmosphere is fun, a little loud some nights, and others, so laid back and peaceful I wouldn't want to leave.  You will have fun if you go.  I'm not sure if they are still doing it, but ladies, they have Manicure Mondays! lol  Treat yourself to a good spirit and pampering!
3	Went here for dinner a few weeks ago. Had heard about it, but for whatever reason it wasn't what I expected. Like someone mentioned, probably because it has a chain-y feel. Can't complain about the service. I had the turkey avocado sandwich which was alright. I would probably come back for a drink, but wouldn't put it into a regular lunch/dinner rotation.
1	This is a terrible bar!  Terrible!They drove out all of the good staff due to the owners insane rants.  They have a strange smell, their "pints" aren't, they are in undersized glasses to "look" like pints.  They are over priced, and the food quality has seriously suffered in the last year.  Save the trouble and go next door to san tan brewery!
3	3 stars is more for the lack of service than the food......I think the servers must have to fail an IQ test to work Irish Republic!!Had several good dishes for lunch but getting a CORRECT bill was like "pulling teeth"!!
4	This place is in the heart of Downtown Chandler.  It's like an Irish Hooters, meaning there are scantily clad  female servers.  I'm not into that, being a female, but I still enjoyed the atmosphere.  Dollar bills and old photos hang from the walls.  I got the grilled 4 cheese sandwich.  It was OK, a bit greasy and heavy.  I was searching for a relatively healthy veggie option and its anything but healthy.   Nonetheless, there were other menu items that looked intriguing and I would come back again to try them.
5	Love this place in Downtown Chandler. Lot's o Beers to choose from, great food. The Beer Cheese Pretzels are Ridiculous! Ixchel is awesome behind the bar & our server Sarah was the best I've had in awhile- great smile, attentive & personable which made for a fun night!
3	Lots of good beers on tap; good food menu.  Try the bread pudding, it's delicious!I hate the atmosphere here, though.
3	GREAT FOOD! Ok drinks, but if you like beer they have a very large selection.
3	Loved the area and the building.   Comfortable interior.   Waitresses and food is the draw back.  Spinach dip was ok with cheap tortilla chips. Kick up the chips or scooping devices for better review.  Fish and Chips were a stinker.  Soggy and greasy with what seemed to be Pollack not a Cod like fish.  Cheap 3rd party cole slaw.  Not good.  What really sets up the for disaster is the waitresses.  Slow and not thoughtful of what is required to be a waitress. Lil weird.   Anyway,  we will be back to sit and drink beer in a great setting.
1	The only way I would return to this pub is if I were drinking, only.  The only way I would order food here again was if it were 1:45am, I was drunk and the food was deep fried.We went here because of a Groupon I had purchased for beer samplers and apps.  We made the mistake of staying for dinner.  Our appetizer arrived with our dinner.  We ordered the "favorite" app which was chicken skewer something...basically dried out chicken breast on a stick.  Disgusting.  The meals were even worse, and I'm not a picky eater.  I could go on but I'll stop here.  Hopefully this is enough for you to NOT order food here.  Even the waitress agreed with me, she herself doesn't even eat the food.
2	Went here Saturday morning for some breakfast with my boyfriend, the bar/restaurant was pretty empty with only 1 or 2 other tables of people but we chose to sit ourselves outside on the patio. Our waitress was slow and had no knowledge about the specials on the board. It seemed to take forever for our food to arrive which seemed strange with the place being so empty. There were 4 or 5 other waitresses working this morning which seemed a bit much. They mostly stood around next to our table and talked about drunken nights out with friends and other pointless distracting topics. Our waitress was very friendly but was not attentive at all. The food was pretty good, I got the French (Irish) Toast and the portion was big, I couldn't even finish it. I would come back but maybe for a drink or two at the bar. The food is decent but I wouldn't sit through another meal service like that again.
4	Great place if you love beer. The food is so so however The service was great. Had a good atmosphere to go out with friends would not recommend for a date.
4	I had walked by this place a few times and kept meaning to go in but hadn't had the chance. On Sunday we found out they are one of the few places open for breakfast right there on Sundays (seems a few of the other popular breakfast spots are closed on Sunday.  I was a little hesitant about an Irish bar for breakfast but it was fantastic.Service was great, food was yummy and reasonably priced. I'll be back for sure.
3	This place has potential. but its inconsistencies in food and service leave me feeling frustrated and wanting to go to Rula Bula or Fibber Magees.  Sometimes the food is really good and other times its mediocre.  For example, the last time we were there I got cold fries ('Sweet potato fries are just so hard to keep hot ' says the waitress), delicious chili, and then a cottage pie that was just mashed potatoes and peppers.  (Doesn't the menu say "Root Vegetables?"  As in "plant roots"? As in carrots, turnips etc?)  And the service is usually pretty slow, no matter how many people are in there.  The owner needs to whip his wait staff and chefs into shape, or this place is in danger of being on an episode of "Restaurant: Impossible."
1	Stopped at Irish Republic for a quick dinner with my wife and a friend on Saturday night. Food was good, beer was cold, service was as good as it could be for a bar with that many people in it.Here's where the problem comes in - 3 Entrees for the table and a beer for me came to around $40 (pretax/pretip). Left my debit card for the balance and left cash as a tip. I check my bank statement today, and my debit card had been charged for $50.00 flat. I know for a fact that the bill wasn't exactly $50, so it was either changed after the fact or the waitress wrote her own tip on the tip line. Either way, that's shady and not acceptable in my book. Sent an e-mail to the manager, will update if i recieve a response, but I will not be dining here again.
3	This is a decent Irish Pub.When we arrived, I was craving Fish & Chips, but not after our server told us they weren't very good that night.  I appreciated the honesty.I got the Owner's Choice sandwich.  It was good, not great.  There were surprisingly very few french fries served with the sandwich, and those fries weren't exactly hot.The servers were nice, and it looks like they have a lot of events.  It could have just been a slow night, but it didn't seem worth returning to.
2	I recently moved into the area, so my roommates and I decided to give this place a try. Everything minus the food was fine. I'm not much of a drinker, but the menu does include a lengthy and diverse beer selection. The food is basically what you'd expect from a pub.  While the menu is a bit more extensive than similar places, the quality is about what you expect--mediocre at best.  But if you're not looking to eat, the atmosphere is nice for hanging out with friends, grabbing a beer, etc.  The servers are also friendly.The day after going to the pub, though, I was very sick. I don't know if it's that my stomach can't handle a beer and hot chicken wings anymore, (must be getting old!) or if it was food poisoning. To play it safe, I'm definitely not going back for the food!
3	Atmosphere pretty good.  Had the fish and chips, good portion and fresh cod. Had an early lunch so I can't comment about the atmosphere during busy time. Give this place a try, great location in downtown Chandler.
3	Just had a drink, nothing special.  Great looking bar, and looks like it could be alot of fun.  Little Pricey (2 drinks, flavored vodka, $17) Will give them a shot again.
1	My friends and i went to Irish Republic on St.Patrick's day eve. It was by far the WORST service I have ever received at a bar. We waited no less then 20 min for a drink.  We thought our first server was horrible; she told us she was leaving and requested that we close out and open a new tab with the server  coming on staff. The new server appeared about 30-45 min later, after we flagged staff down. We spent a lot of money at this bar and WILL NOT be going back. Very disappointed by the ridiculously poor service here. To top it off, they only have 1 bathroom for women, with  absurd decoration. if I could rate this "bar" a zero, I would.
4	Went there for a birthday bash - It was great!! Servers were attentive but not too pushy.  Appetizers were tasty and plenty to choose from to have a drink.  Atmosphere was lively and fun.  Will go back.
4	I came here for some lunch with my mom and I was very happy we stopped in! They have a rally nice selection of alcohol (beer and liquor primarily). I had their vegetarian mac and cheese, it was sooo good. It was creamy and rich, I really liked the broccoli added to the dish. My mom had a pita pizza which was really good to! I also liked their music selection (Flogging Molly, NOFX, Dropkick Murphys). I will be back!
2	We visited at 8:30 p.m. on Friday, me and wife and 10 month old.  I always give the place an "out" if something's not right.  My wife and I got seated at a 2 top on the wall and the high chair placed between our table on the side.  When the old lady and guy paid their bill to the left of us were 28 open seats, all 4 and 2 tops.  To the right of us a 4 top and the dimwit hostess sat a 4 top there between us and another 4 top and I internally was pissed because we were so crowded the VERY friendly waitress was putting food on the table next to us.  The reuben was DYNAMITE, HVAC was not.  The front was open so we were "pitted-out" from fetid air.  The 4 top next to us was pissed they were sandwiched between us and another table and they didn't move they left.  The VERY friendly waitress waiting that table agreed with me the hostesses must be brain-damaged...OK, she said one is "new."  $5.50 french fries (straight fries) were a tad old, not crispy.  They did great on the reuben.  Maybe I'd give 3 stars if when I walked out 4 hostesses and waitresses and one guy weren't impeding our exit and didn't thank us and were talking about slamming shots.  I don't care about the 50 bucks, I care about the experience and a beer glass that was not cold, it was slightly warm.  We should have waited the 35 minutes for SanTan (this place was 30% full.)  I suspect this place is 5 stars to get hammered, but they miss some basics I learned as a waiter / bartender.  I cleaned crumbs off my seat - & 5 people yapping outside.
3	The first waitress we got was just horrible. We had a party of 8 outside, and she asked everyone what we wanted to drink, got 1 order, and then walked away.She came back, asked if we were ready to get drinks, we said yes, she took my order and my boyfriends order, and walked away. Again.Then she came back, got 3 more people, and left. Ridiculous.So my aunt goes to the bar, orders  her drink since she's obviously being ignored and here's the interactionAunt: (to bartender) Can I get a beer please?Bartender: The server will be with you.A: She hasn't come out yet, so I wanted to come here.Server: (walking up) Can I help you with something?A: I'm getting a beer from the bar, since you left our table a few times.S: THAT IS A COMPLETE LIE.A: Really? I have a table of 8 that can attest to you walking away from us multiple times when we wanted drinks.S: That is just not true. I was out there and NONE OF YOU WERE READY.B: *snakes away and gets the manager*Needless to say, the manager came out, said we were getting a new waitress, and she TOTALLY rocked our world. She was much better. We were ready to throw change on the table and walk away from the terrible service, but our party was so large it wouldn't have been worth it.Food was good, beer was alright, and half of the servers seem to be nice.Can I mention that the owner is totally kickass? He was very very friendly, let my little sister in (we were there with the family) even though it was late, and was just totally great.
1	Came here late on a Saturday night with a group of friends to celebrate my birthday. Was so packed that most of our party had to stand, could barely move, and couldn't hear each other. The waitress was not very friendly and the drinks were not that great. My friend paid for me so I am not sure what the drink prices were like. Hubby also said he saw a few people actually smoking inside. Isn't there an ordinance for that? Needless to say, not my kind of place so we had 1 drink, paid, and went next door to San Tan Brewery. If you like loud, overly crowded bars with bad service, then maybe this is your place.
3	I have been here about 10 times.  Once for lunch and the rest for dinner.  They have the best Fish and Chips.  It is lightly battered, the fish is moist, and the Tarter Sauce is awesome.  The challenge is they don't serve the Fish and Chips after 10 PM.  I was here last night and was denied their fish and chip deliciousness!!  We ended up going next door to San Tan Brewery and ordered the Fish and Chips there and it actually was pretty good.  Fish and Chips is a signature dish for Irish Republic  and it is deep fried so I don't quite get why they would pull it off the menu at 10:00.  I have had a couple of servers that were awesome, but for the most part the service is slow and often times the server is not rude, but you get the impression that they have better things to do and your more of a burden than a customer.   Service and quality decline drastically if it is busy. In terms of drinks if you focus on something from the tap you will typically be okay.  If it is slow you will not have to much trouble with mixed drinks.  If it is busy, you will likely be disappointed with your mixed drink.  Typically it will be warm, half poured, and if you have anything with sugar on the rim (Lemon Drop) you will taste salt with the sugar.  If they were more consistent with their service, food, and drinks and did not sacrifice their quality when they are busy  I would give them a higher rating.
2	Irish Republic- Since San Tan Brewery was to busy, I walked into this place - which was not busy at all- that was the 1st red flag... First impression was it smelled bad when I walked in - probably all of the musty $1 bills stapled to the wall. Nice HD tv's - 5 of them at the bar.  Bar was sticky and uncleaned - with wadded up paper napkins and an used glass in front of the bar where i sat - which the bartender never did bother to pick up.  Stella beer was not very cold.   Bartender did not know they had a chicken sandwich - he had to look at the menu. That should have been a warning to not order it I guess. The bun was good. The chicken was not seasoned - flavorless and full of connective tissue- no wonder the bartender never bothered to ask me how everything was... But only served a few fries - definitely not enough - ketchup bottle was sticky and empty. I ate half of my sandwich, drank half the beer and left.  I will not return there- and btw,  it takes quite a poor experience for me to rate a bad review.  They could definitely learn something about customer service, along with food quality.
4	I came here for an AZ Girls Pint Out happy hour.Seems like your typical Irish bar.I was with a large group and I have to say that our waitress was extremely attentive and prompt. 5 minutes after a drink was empty, she was there to see if we'd like another. She even split all of our checks w/out us asking. My friend and I split the Jameson chicken skewers and spinach dip. Both were good. They have a good selection of beers and ciders.The bathrooms are creepy. Not so much that theyre not lit, just the decorations on the walls. And if you have AT&T, you will have no cell service here. Parking is kind of a pain, but thats par for the course w/ any place in this area.This is a great place to stop at on a bar crawl.
1	IRRESPONSIBLE.  TERRIBLE.  ABSOLUTE JOKE OF A BAR.  Screw this place.I already was pretty lukewarm on this joint, it's very mediocre, the crowd is kind of douchey, and the beers are expensive.  But my friends wanted to go on a saturday, so I joined.I ordered one beer.  One.  ONE.  "Do you want to keep your tab open?' the bartender asked.  Sure.  Why not.10 minutes later my friends say "This place kind of sucks [they're right], let's go!"Hey bartender, can I close my tab?  "Sure, let me just find your card."It's been 10 minutes.  One beer.  8pm on a Saturday, not 1am and mayhem.  Cant find it. "We're getting it for you." they tell me.  They're trying to act like they DIDN'T just lose my debit card.  Finally 20 minutes later they ask me again for my name and what it looks like.  Can't find it.  Keep looking in the same five spots over and over like it's going to magically re-appear.  Can't find it.  I'm so pissed at this point...I have no other way to pay for anything on me, when I go out I just bring my license and my card.  I need gas to get home.  I wanted to have a good night.  Nope, they ruined it.I leave, tell them I'll be back in an hour.  Go to San Tan, where they don't lose cards after 10 minutes.  Go back to Irish Republic later."I dont know what to tell you man, it's like it just disappeared!"  I'm livid.  I'm probably being a dick to the guy that tells me that.  I tell him I have no money to get home now, because of their irresponsibility.  "Yeah we'll keep looking."  When I tell him he can probably call off the search because it's incredibly obvious that they didn't LOSE my card, they GAVE IT TO SOMEONE ELSE, he shakes his head.  "No that certainly didn't happen.  It's here man.  Sorry!"In the morning I find charges I didn't make, at In-N-Out Burger and Joe's Farm Grill.  Now I have to dispute those.  Had to have someone loan me money to get home.  Couldn't enjoy my night out with friends.  This bar is a poorly managed mess and sucks terrible dick.  Don't go there.  Don't give them your cards.  Hell, don't give them your money, they might claim to lose it and ask you for more.  This place is garbage.  I'll be putting it on every form of media I know that this place can go straight to hell.
4	This is one of my favorite places in downtown Chandler. Huge beer selection and they have a large menu of mixed beer drinks. The fish and chips are always a good choice and their cheese dip with pretzels is delish! I've had their wine burger as well and it was fantastic! We have always had great service that is prompt and friendly.My only complaint is the smell. Another reviewer said "mold maybe"...no I would say urine. We have been there several times and sometimes you smell it and sometimes you don't. The last time we were there we were taken all the way to the back near the hallway to the bathroom and I asked to be moved due to the overwhelming odor. We moved more to the middle of the bar and although you could still smell it, it was less so, but I smelled it as soon as we walked in. It is an old building, but none of the other shops or restaurants have that odor. OWNERS: please have this fixed as I can see it driving people away.
5	It's rare that you will find a pub/bar that has great atmosphere, delicious food and exceptional customer service! The Irish Republic house in downtown chandler is the best pub I have enjoyed being at.The pub itself is quite small but always packed with a lot of people. This time was no exception. They had a local live band playing called the "tik tik boom" that kept the crowd excited and in spirit at the bar.The beer with the flavoured vodka shot for the Fall season was the special of the night which made the night more exciting.  Had the peach beer with the pumpkin vodka -- really good combination.  Also we ordered the fries with cheese and onions -- amazing and cooked to perfection.Lastly, the service! We were a group of 4 guys and were taken care of by Kat.  She was welcoming and really understood the meaning of excellent customer service. She frequently checked up on us, talked to us an all that with a smile. Hard to find waitresses and waiters who are happy to serve throughout the night. She was great!At the end of the night to top everything off, the manager discounted our bill by $10. Awesome!So if u are looking for a good time to hang out with music, food and exceptional service -- then I suggest the Irish Republic house and be sure to ask for Kat!
5	Went here for the first time prob about a week ago. OMG OMG have I been missing out. I found a new beer that I love here. They habe a good size selection for beer pretty good beer my bf says. Its hard for me to find a beer that I like. I like wheat beers basically.  I drink dos or blue moon or shock top or leinkugle shandy. So happy I found a new beer here. The burger sliders are awesome! So so good. The walls are pretty cool in here. If you don't like loud ill tell you now on the weekends the music gets loud in here. I on the other hand love it. Good to be social has a patio to enjoy this amazing az weather. Great location to just  walk around too.
3	Food good got nachos..really big..drinks good and stiff..service from servers on point ..very nice..dont bother putting money in the jukebox during sunday night football during halftime...Per manager ..Policy says that the 2 other people in the bar would rather listen to commercials on tv than music..LAME..put up a sign so I dont waste my money...
2	Place was OK. Great waiter, waitresses seemed great, atmosphere average. Bit of an odd crowd...a little of everything. Had the Shepard's Pie...recommended and their spotlight dish. Pie had frost bitten/frozen taste, either the pastry on top or the peas, etc... Shepard's pie doesn't have cheese in it, does it? Where is Gordon Ramsey? No homemade craft beers either. SanTan so much better and happening. Won't go back to Murphy's unless just for beers.
2	Well a new experience in customer service. I order a drink and wanted to pay cash.the drink was 5.25 plus tax so 5.73.. I gave a 20 and the waitress brings back 14..??? so I ask about the .27 cents. She said we don't give change..if its less than .50 no change if its over you get 1.00..Really its not about the .27 its the principle..Wow.. Sorry Roger but 2 times bad experience.. I give up
3	Irish Republic was just OK. Seemed like a Tilted Kilt knock off. But, looks like a it'd be fun atmosphere for a night of drinks if beer isn't your thing at the lovely establishment next door. I dropped in for a drink with my Dude and sister while waiting both for Sarah R. and Missy F. to show up, and for our table at San Tan Brewery. Hey, why not kick off the night ... You know, pre-game?Enjoyed a fantastic pint of Hoegaarden. I know Dude had a rum and Coke combo but can't remember what type. The fun ended when Kate ordered this ginormous carafe of one of their summer specials, White Sangria. Keep in mind we're talking about a girl who is less than 120 pounds and is easily drink, drank drunk just from smelling a cocktail ... So we tried to persuade her otherwise. The thing was $8 and it turned out to be mostly Sprite. Barely a sniff of booze. What a letdown and a waste. It was hilarious watching her chug it like water,  though!  Hey at least we didn't have a crazypants drunk on our hands, right?Threw in the third star for service, the gal serving us did a fab job. Mayybe I'll check it out again; think the name changed to Murphy's Law.
4	Comfortable and relaxing. Good beer, had a real black and tan (guiness and harp), food tasty and football on the screens. What more do you need. Thanks for reading.  The Bike Chaplain
5	This place is happening! Live bands, large screen tv's for the games. Great veggie chicken mac n cheese, nachos and fish n chips. Big variety of drinks and more than 1 cider beer to choose from. Authentic Irish pub and kitchen stays open late!
2	Came in from outta town, and a coupla friends insisted on bringing me here, even after I mentioned that I didn't wanna go anywhere noisy. Thankfully, we went somewhere else for dinner, and came here for drinks afterwards.Centrally located in old town Chandler. Well, yes, and it was NOISY. I know that I shouldn't expect anything less from a bar, but just sayin...couldn't hear my friends talk.So, my buddy and I order a coupla beers; I ordered a Belgian HOEGAARDEN, if only for the name!My buddy's wife orders wine. After a solid minute or two of silence, she said that this was the absolute WORST WINE that she's ever tasted - like it was past its shelf life. We called the waitress over, who kind of implied that it was a box wine - enough said. We stopped having fun, and left. Basically, if I was in town again, I wouldn't bother coming back.
1	It is a shame that I have to give an Irish pub one star, but after my last experience here I will never go back. I met a friend out one night for the typical laid back night of drinking which ultimately ended up turning into a long night of drinking and socializing. The only problem was that when we I got the bill there were tons of drinks on it that were not ours. We had been sitting on the patio and anyone that we would talk with who randomly stopped by our table and ordered a drink, we would end up with the drink on our tab. We also had another friend stop by and get drinks and we actually watched him pay his tab, but there his drinks were at the end of the night. This service was horrible. The waitress wasn't willing to do anything about this to help us. Our bill ended up being nearly $300!!! Granted about 200 of it was ours between food and our drinks, but they were never able to explain the other drinks on our bill. The next day I called the manager and he stated he would take a look at it and get back to me. He never did. I ended up eating the cost on this one and just chalking it up to a place that I'll never return to. This happened a while back but since I am new to yelp, this experience was so terrible that I couldn't not give this place a review. I have to imagine that this has happened to several other people. I hope if you do make the poor decision to go to this place that you double and triple check your tabs.There are so many better places to have a good time in Downtown Chandler stay away from this place.
3	They could make me sit in the bathroom and I'd still go there to eat the nachos.I love the setup, you have a great view of all the TVs even if it's busy. I like the funnies they stream on one of the sets. Seats are all hardwood so I can barely make it through a game before it's aching. Is that so I'll leave sooner? Fine assortments of brews and alcohol. Never have a hard time finding something I want to drink, it's the deciding that's difficult. The menu seems chain-like but it's surprisingly good. I mostly nosh on the apps but give all those 2 thumbs up.It's a superb place to watch football, except on Thursday night when they let the live entertainment play while the game is still on. Maybe delay that during football season? If not for me, then think of the children. I like this place but the service at the tables could be improved. It's not usually the servers themselves (although they might benefit from more training)  but that they are understaffed when it's busy. Hulo? It's busy, have more servers and bartenders and you'll get more of my business during non-busy times. Cool stuff to look at all over the place!
2	Just alright. Used to be better. Wait staff nice but not really knowledgeable about the menu. Ok as a dive bar but don't count on great food or ambiance. I think they went downhill after they changed to the Irish republic format. Now they say they're Murphy's law again but still feels like a chain. No thanks. I'll go to san tan brewery instead.
2	You know that look you get from a waitress when you order something off of the menu that they think might be questionable? Well, I got that look tonight. I met my sister on the patio around 5:30. The patio is small but nice if it's not too busy. Stephanie was our waitress and she was very sweet, she had a great personality and I would definitely give her more like four out five stars but the food not so much. They do have a good happy hour on Monday and Tuesday nights from 2pm to 8pm so I will give them that. The app selection on the happy hour menu is quite slim however. We did decided to get the pretzels with cheese, the cheese is $2 extra which I honestly think is kind of ridiculous because pretzels and cheese should be a given. They were not bad, not great but honestly I could get a pretzel that is a million times better and much bigger a few feet down the way at a particular brewing co...On to the entrees. My sister had asked before I had arrived what the waitress suggested off of the menu. She suggested the fish and chips hands down. I should have also heeded this advice but I was kind of craving a burger so I decided to take a chance and order one. I should have known right away that it would not be what I wanted when Stephanie told me that they did not have american cheese. I am an american cheese burger type of girl, cheddar just doesn't cut it for me. The look on our waitress's face when I ordered the burger was one of disdain. I know that she did not purposely mean to make the face but she did. I honestly wish she would have told me not to order it. It was not good, it was very bad in fact. Dry, tasteless, overcooked meat with a semi hard bun. I should have sent it back but I instead decided to suffer through half of it which is retrospect and a stomach ache later, was a bad idea. I did eat most of the sweet potato fries that came with the burger with the $2 cheese sauce that was left over from the pretzel. It didn't make up for the disappointing burger. My sister did enjoy her fish and chips and the tarter sauce did look good as well.Overall I have come to the conclusion that this is a restaurant/pub that is very hit or miss when it comes to food. If you want to come here to drink and have an appetizer or two you might enjoy your visit more. If you come here to eat dinner, by all means do not get a burger and I would also suggest to avoid the sliders. Honestly, you can find a much better meal a few steps down the sidewalk. Most likely will not return. Stephanie, you did your best with the hand you were given.
2	So maybe our 1st mistake was trying this place out on Easter.  My fiance noticed in a paper they had an Easter brunch special with bottomless mimosa's and it was also my birthday so off we went.  My 23 year old daughter and her boyfriend joined us.  We sat inside and they did not seem that busy.  From the moment our server came over it was clear she did not want to be there.  She had a scowl on and was just not friendly at all.  I will say the nacho's are great and we all enjoyed them. My 2 stars is just for the nacho's. The brunch was just ok very average.  The mimosa's came very slow and our unfriendly server seemed irritated to even drop them off.  We were never asked if we wanted anything else before she dropped the bill off.  I just have to say I have never had a server completely ruin the experience for me but she did.  We all agreed she ruined it for us all.  towards the end she was giving off the GTFO vibe seriously.  It was so bad my daughter who is also a server almost asked her if she might be in the wrong industry.  I asked my fiance what our servers name was because I was going to include it but I don't think she told us and he said "miserable blond B...."  We love the downtown area but I am not sure we will try this place again.
3	Seemed like a great Irish Pub for the after work crowd. Nice outside eating/drinking area that was covered from the 105 degree heat. Very friendly and knowledgeable bar staff. I was planning on only have a couple of cold ones and an appetizer before I decided where to go for dinner. I had the Turkey Avacodo bites which were delicious. Fresh Avacado with Chilled Turkey on lttle crostini bread. Yum Yum. Their beer and liquor selection is the standard items.   I noticed the crowd picked up for an hour or so, and they made me want to stay a bit longer. Oddly enough, a band began warming up and it cleared out half the bar. The other half was watching a hockey game and could care less. So once everyone packed up...so did I.
1	It's such a shame that I have to give Murphy's only 1 star, because overall I like the place and wish that we had a better experience, but due to one employee, we will not be back... We stopped in today for lunch and my fiance ordered the chicken strips (which is the same thing he's ordered for the past 5 years that we've been going there), as usual he asked for extra dipping sauce (BBQ, Buffalo, and Jameson) instead of the ranch. Our server, who was actually very sweet, told us that she would have to charge us extra for the dipping sauce (which is bizarre because I've never heard of a restaurant charging for dipping sauce and we've never had an issue before). My finace proceeded to tell her that he's never been charged for it before and asked if she could double check on that. Next thing we knew, Shae (the manager) "graced" us with her presence. I've never seen anyone be more rude to a customer... If only her delivery was slightly nicer I wouldn't be as offended as I am now... After arguing with her for several minutes she finally agreed to substitute the ranch for 2 dipping sauces, but no more than two. So my fiance settled for the BBQ & the Buffalo sauce.When the order came out however, not only was he brought the ranch that he didn't want, he was also brought all 3 of the sauces he originally asked for. Which at first seemed like a great sign that maybe Shae had decided to change her attitude and settle on the fact that the happiness of her customers was more important than her urge to be rude and belligerent. But then we got the bill... Sure enough, Shae charged my fiance for each one of the dipping sauces. When our server came back to collect the check, we asked her why we were charged after Shae had agreed to sub the ranch for 2 sauces. The poor girl got super uncomfortable, because unfortunately she was forced to play the middle man. So I told her that our issue was not with her, and to please bring Shae back to the table to sort this issue out. When Shae approached she started mumbling under her breath and rolling her eyes, which is always a great sign that you're going to get the resolution you're seeking... So I pulled out my phone and started video taping the conversation in case she decided to pull the same type of attitude as she did the first time she graced our table. That seemed to get her to change her tone and she reluctantly removed the sauces from our bill.It's a shame how one employee can completely ruin what could have been a wonderful experience. Owners - if you're reading this, please do yourselves a favor and find a new manager.
2	Made the mistake of stopping in again for a beer today.  Pitifully slow service.  We almost left and I wish we had.  They now have paintings of nude women!!!! Even more family friendly!
2	Wow, used to be a great place.  I invite 6 people, we're $100 in on beer alone and order chips and cheese... 2oz of cheese come with the plate of chips.....after 1/3 the chip are gone I ask for a bit more cheese to finish off the chips and the want another $2 for this $9 appetizer.    Can't believe how short sighted management can be.... We left an spent $250 at San Tan brewery, highly recommend that if ya want good service.
3	I hate to give this place 3 stars because I'm sure if I had been there at another time, things would have been different.This is NOT a place you want to go have dinner at on a Saturday night. It's SO loud that the resulting tinnitus lasts well into the following day.Also theres a sizable drunk crowd (I understand a drunk crowd at a bar on a Saturday night, but at 7pm?). I would hate to know what those sweaty, wasted people look like at midnight.The food, however is of high quality and decent prices. We were also well served by our waitress, even though she had dozens of patrons to serve. By the time we left the place had more of a nightclub feel (9pm), with mostly an older crowd. I don't have anything against nightclubs, but there's a time and a place ya know?The peach ale is excellent, and the chicken skewers are an amazing value for money.To conclude, I would definitely go back because of the interesting beer mixes and the low cost of the food, but I would certainly pick a different time to go.
5	Tasty food that's not badly priced coupled with cold beers always make for a winning combination. The pretzels and potato cheese are outstanding and not to be missed. Per my wife, the corned beef and cabbage is also top notch. I've had their fish and chips (a staple for an Irish place) and it's easily some of the best I've ever had. Knowing how good it is can make your decision difficult should you decide to explore more of their menu.Though I've not had their breakfast, I do find it interesting that they offer it. Murphy's Law/Irish Republic is a can't miss spot in Downtown Chandler, for sure.
2	The live music was awesome and the singer came out into the crowd and made it such a fun experience! My first time there after the Oktoberfest festival and one of my friends loves this bar. I ordered nachos from a bartender who was super busy. It was slammed, I don't blame him, but he was a total jerk! I tried to ask him a question after we ordered and he just ran off to key it into the system. When he came back I told him that we were sitting at the table by the stage and asked if he could bring it over... said I tried to tell you before you ran off. He responded with, "no I can't. You can ask a server to bring it to you.". So I told him I tried to tell him before and then he said, I'll try. Just a total jerk... people don't need to be rude just cause they're busy. I've served many, many times and would never take my stress out on a guest. I told a server later what happened and she was really sweet and must have told her manager because he came over and apologized and said he would buy me nachos next time I came in. I told him, thanks but why not just comp them now since I never went to Chandler. He bought a round of shots for our table, instead. Definitely nothing there appealing to me to return. Especially with how rude that bartender was.
1	Wish I could give this place no stars,  dirty inside, food is terrible and over priced, wait staff is not customer friendly,  5 years ago this place was great, not anymore, avoid it at all costs! Even coach & willies is better and that's pathetic!
3	NOW CALLED MURPHY'S LAW.Fish n chips kinda good, not horrible.Definitely not traditional but nice crunch.Nice kiddie portion for $11 lunch special.Unfortunately I'm not a kiddie.Decent selection of beers.I probably won't be back.INSIDE SKINNY: $10 growler fills with $20 food purchase (limited time only as of this writing), happy hour apps for $2 and $5.
3	This place is ok mostly because we're close to it but not something I get excited about. We have been here more than a handful of times and every time the servers seem nice but kind of a mellow tone type attitude about everything. Kind of sluggish in a sense. We only go during breakfast because we don't want to deal with the douches at night. We usually get the skillets or the burritos which are good. The party for Saint Patrick's Day isn't bad but I've seen better.
1	Don't waste your time here. This place is dirty and the service is horrible!!!! We came to eat, but because of the bad service (we waited 30 min and no one took our order) we had a drink and left. The girls seem confused and upset. Husbands beer was flat. Not much else to say other than people around us complained constantly about service and food and one couple sent their food back.  :-\
1	Decided to stop by on Christmas Day about 5 pm because there was an hour wait at SanTan Brewery . We wanted to get some quick appetizers and hang out till our table was ready at the other restaurant. It was about 10 minutes until a frail looking blonde waitress (who looked like she needed something to eat and to maybe lay off whatever prescription drugs she was taking) came up and asked us if we were ready to order.... We hadn't even received menus yet, but asked for water while we looked them over. Another 7-10 minutes go by and she comes back, still hasn't dropped off our drinks and asked us if we were ready, we ordered 2 appetizers, she didn't write it down and left. My boyfriend ordered an epicenter and 55 minutes later we still have no appetizers and empty water cups. Side note: I can't put all the blame on the waitress, but whoever made the schedule for that day should be fired. There was 1 server, the bartender and what seemed to be the manager on duty. So 3 people running FOH on Christmas Day....  Just terrible planning. Btw-we never saw the blonde again. We watched as she was giving the wrong food/drinks to the wrong tables and walking around with a confused look on her face. We waved down (who we thought was) the manager on duty, a very nice brunette who seemed to be running the entire place, and asked the status of our order. She informed us that the blonde had never even rang it in and she'd get it to us ASAP, which she did and apologized profusely and took care of our meal for us.  We felt bad and wanted to leave her something but when we went to get money out of their ATM, it was out of service. All in all, it was the worst experience I've ever had at a restaurant . Hopefully upper management will plan better for next year.
