4	This is another one of these fun shops my boyfriend likes to drag me to. Unsurprisingly, this shop is always full of men oohing and ahhing at the electrical goods while their other half stands on looking bored.That being said this shop is very handy for any electrical needs you may have. The seem to do everything from music goods (amps, DJ equipment, lighting) to computers as well as remote control cars/helicopters/boats. And at Christmas they have some sort of electrical Santa bopping up and down a chimney. It seems that if it is electrical, or associated with an electric appliance then this shop will sort you out. Good customer service too. I returned a lead which was the wrong size and the guy promptly exchanged it for me.
4	Maplin is a large electronics shop on Dalry Road that stocks pretty much everything you could possibly need.  I've been here a couple of times now, and I have yet to see another place in the city that can match their range.  From electrical components and cabling, to electronic toys and DJ equipment, you'll find it all here.  In her review, Amy described the shop being full of men "oohing and aahing", and I would be one of those men.  I could imagine spending a good bit of time in here just looking at gadgets and cabling, and wondering what I could justify buying.  I guess that's just one of my eccentricities!  Or just the fact that I'm a man.This comes close to being a one-stop shop for electronics.  They also have a very comprehensive website, which means that you can eye their electronic goodies from the comfort of your own home.  A great shop, and well worth a try.
4	Any kind of electronic equipment can be found in Maplin Electronics, whether it's for a TV, computer, laptop, IPhone, pet robot, or just anything with a socket. They have everything from karaoke machines, to Ipod docks, to solar power panels...I couldn't believe how huge this place was and I felt completely out of my depth as electronic gadgets really aren't my thing, I'm absolutely useless with computers and have had more laptops than hot dinners. It's never my fault though, of course.The staff here are very knowledgeable and I didn't get the hard sale once but I could see myself getting talked into something very easily. They know their stuff here and if you have any electronic problem your in good hands.I spent a good while browsing the plasma screens, some are huge and it made me wonder why anyone would ever need a zillion inch TV in the first place. Some of the offers were pretty good though.
4	Maplin sells electrical goods and although you get a few of them dotted around the UK, they're not a particularly well known brand.  This particular shop really is vast (even bigger than the photo lets on but I couldn't fit the whole shop in) so every area of the shop really does offer a lot of choice and the range on offer simply cannot be faulted.The items themselves are generally suited best to those who enjoy messing around with computers and taking them apart.  As a result of this, many of them require a reasonable amount of technical ability to understand and install, although there are still a good range of the more standard items, such as computer keyboards, on offer for the rest of us.The clearance section is well worth checking out as you can get some great deals from here.  All round this shop is pretty good at what it does, but if you're lucky the clearance section can really give you a good deal.
5	An electronics store that concentrates on the practical, but dips one or two toes in the waters of the weird and wonderful, Maplin is in many ways a bit of an Alladin's Cave, and much like Richer Sounds and Gamestation, is the male equivalent of a fancy shoe shop.My purchases from here have been somewhat dull it has to be said. An external sound card and a USB drive don't quite match a robot dog or a set of disco lights in terms of wonder, but they do the trick.Robert has already pointed out that it's not really a store for the electronics novice, and if you don't know what you're talking about at least a bit, then you'll probably end up pretty lost and subjected to a bit of eye-rolling from the staff for not having a Bill Gates level knowledge of a computer's vital organs. This user-ubfriendliness is priobably whats kept Maplin form becoming a regular on the High Streets, but I'd take this over the dumbed-down PC World anyday.
4	I like this Maplin Electronics location.Recently I stopped into Malpin to take a look at their external monitors as I was looking to connect my MacBook pro to something with a larger screen. Upon entering, I was greeted by a young salesperson who was enthusiastic to show me all of the monitors they had in stock as well as how to get one ordered that wasn't in stock. I opted to order an ASUS 23-inch monitor on their in-store computer and have it delivered to their location for me to pick up later in the week. I had reservations about ordering this way but seeing that I had not moved into my new flat, I figured it was best to order this way.Long story short, the order came earlier than anticipated and I received a text and a phone call letting me know it had arrived. I am happy with my purchase, happy with their service, and also happy with their staff. Everything went as planned, and I was glad to do business with them.
