4	Lovely, friendly service in a charming converted century home. If you're looking for a standard, nondescript hotel room, this is not your place. If you'd like a quiet place with character, give this place a call.
4	Stayed here on a recent trip to Montreal for four nights. We received really lovely service, in three languages, no less! The building is clean and quiet, the bed was comfortable and the included breakfasts were amply laid out. While the internet access is free, you must retrieve a new login & password each day from the front desk.I wish I'd asked more about the building itself (my guess is mid-1800s). Our room had been reconfigured, like the rest of the hotel, remodeled so that new construction is mixed in with elements of the original architecture. Laying in bed, I tried to puzzle out the mix of molding on the ceiling to figure what the room had been like before. The same goes for trying to guess the meaning behind all of the different sets of stairs - they're everywhere! It's a neat old building.Location is convenient to downtown and just a block from the McGill campus.
4	Five stars for the location and value, three stars for the property itself.  The building is in a great location, it's on a side street, so its relatively quiet, but 1/2 a block from a busy street with a bus line, and a few blocks from a subway.  You can walk to McGill, Mont Royal Park, and all over downtown.  For three nights we paid just over $300, and that included breakfast (coffee, juice, pastries, cereal), and wifi (we didn't have to log in - we could use our iPads with no problem).    We couldn't find a better price for the location unless we went the hostel route.The property is a lovely house, if you have a problem with stairs, this will be tough for you.  we were on the first floor, but we had to walk up a few stairs, through a door, then down some stairs to our room, and our bathtub was sort of in this closet where you walked up 3 steps to step down into the tub.  No problem for us, but for folks who do not do stairs, this is tough.  our room was huge - comfy bed, flat screen TV, nice bathroom with really great-smelling soap/shampoo.   The carpet was a little dingy, and there were lots of "old house" sounds - and the plumbing for our shower was really loud for the person still in bed.  The area outside our room had an odd smell too.  Minor things, really, but sometimes a little annoying.  The staff was really nice as well, and answered a few pre-stay Internet questions.  I would for sure stay here again if I'm ever in Montreal!
4	I really enjoyed our stay at Manoir Ambrose. Great location, free Wi-Fi, comfortable beds, warm rooms, great complimentary breakfast with outstanding coffee, nice TVs, excellent rates, etc.
5	Really loved this hotel. The constant Groupon deals from the hotel makes it extremely affordable (around $50 a night), located right at the heart of Montreal. The staff is so friendly and vibrant. The breakfast is delicious with lots of options and a relatively big dining area for a B&B. The rooms can be small - one time the tub was located in the bedroom, we had a good laugh about it.
4	I recently stayed at Hotel Ambrose for 3 nights. The location was ideal for shopping, restaurants and other downtown activities. I walked everywhere from this location, and knew I had a comfortable and clean room to return to.The price was much better than other options in the area, and it included a free breakfast. The Wi-Fi was usually good, and the hotel was fairly quiet. Stairs would be difficult for anyone with mobility issues.I will book here again when I return to the city.
4	This hotel is full of charm and in a great area. Walkable to Mount Royal and Old Montreal. Good restaurants nearby too. Very cute building with lots of neat architectural details. Totally affordable and easy booking process. The continental breakfast is not very good and the stairs are awkward and strangely tiresome even just going up to the second floor. But definitely worth a stay here if you want to be in a good, safe location with unique accommodations. Also has parking in the back that you can reserve for an extra $15. Next time I'm in Montreal, this will be my home away from home.
4	Really enjoyed my stay at this hotel. Has a lot of character, and unlike most venues with the older/rustic vibe, it was also very clean. The rooms were quiet and you could not hear any noise from outside or from other rooms -- a real rarity downtown. It was an excellent location as it was walking distance from almost all of the spots we wanted to visit.  The service was friendly and helpful. Would definitely stay here again.
5	GREAT stay for your buck! We really loved the design of our room. The stuff was extremely helpful and friendly! A very convenient location!
