1	My advice is DO NOT live by the basketball courts or in the "A" buildings (even though it's the cheapest area and there is a reason why it's cheap). I have lived here for almost ten months and all I can say is "HOLLY CRAP" there is a lot of freakin kids. My neighbors love to smoke pot and it sucks for people who don't smoke. Kids are always crying in the middle of the night and running up and down the stairs. Teenagers are walking around in the middle of the night being loud. There was a car with a busted window so, don't leave anything valuable in the car. My neighbors down stairs are always fighting and I can hear the wife crying. If you need to sleep in the day time, FORGET about sleeping if you live in those apartments...  When we 1st saw the place they took us to the north part of the apartment which is nice and peaceful. They then told us we were in the "A" building which turned out to be a freakin zoo! Kids are everywhere with no adult supervision and the children love to play chicken with the cars! We almost hit some kids playing that game and we get paranoid when we come home. So... cheap apartment = ghetto and headaches. Pay extra money for a better place so you don't have to worry about your car nor your sanity.
1	I have lived in the valley for 7+ years as a college student, and I have lived in 5 separate apartment complexes and one rental house and I can say that these are the WORST apartment complexes I have ever lived in.  Just as heads up I live in the North side of the apartments, and while we have less children over here, we have more teenagers that lurk in the shadows at night. (Seriously).A huge issue I have is the fact that randomly the outdoor apartment lights and parking lights will be off 2-3 nights out of the month, so if you want to come home late and feel safe, NOT going to happen.  I NEVER feel safe here.  Plus, I just had a neighbor come over the other day (while cracked out) and ask me for $10.  I've never met the dude, I always see him in his house (no job), just a freeloader.  This is the quality neighbor you will reside nearby. Also, EVERYONE here smokes marijuana, EXCEPT my boyfriend and I, and the one security guard that I know lives here.  It smells like weed CONSTANTLY.  From elderly people smoking medical, down to teens, it's absurd. Plus, it says in the lease that they have a no tolerance policy when it comes to illicit drugs. Joke. I'll bet you that there are MULTIPLE drug dealers that live in this complex, if not a grow house/kitchen/what have you.  Right now it is March 2012, and they have had the pool closed for like 2-3 months, no explanation, nothing.  Fine, not like I really want to go swimming in a freezing pool.  They also have a free (dumb) work-out area that they give free (dumb) keys to all of the residents.  Tip: Make the key cost a ($50) deposit so that I don't see children playing in there, and then make legit people like myself have to pull pens out of the weight machines because cheap b**tards cant afford a $7 pin at Play-it-Again Sports. BAH!!!! I work out enough to have to deal with this crap regularly, AND NOW in addition to the pool being closed, I just found out (at 8:00pm at night, with the pool chained (classy) and no lights on around my door) THAT THEY JUST CHANGED THE LOCKS TO THE WORK OUT AREA. THANK YOU FOR THE HEADS UP PRESIDIO!!!P.S.Presidio: Stop wasting your money on a free DVD rental checkout system at the front desk because it's trashy.  Also, when a CURRENT RESIDENT comes to get a package and has to wait 30 PLUS MINUTES to receive said package because your bimbo employees cannot make the prospective residents wait ONE MINUTE while you get our package is appalling. P.S.S. Don't hire imbeciles who are afraid of dogs when you are one of 2-3 apartments in the entirety of Ahwatukee who allow large sized dogs. In summation, I would LEGITIMATELY never wish that anyone ever live here ever.  Oh I forgot, we've already had issues with EVERY appliance in the apartment because they're 7-10+ years old. Good luck!
1	This place was the most disgusting and unorganized place I ever lived!  Yeah, parking spaces are super tiny, apartments smell like crap, the front office is so disorganized and rude, and my neighbors were always having parties and even running around naked!!  (It appeared to be a dare kind of a thing.)  Plus, people don't pick up after their dogs like they should - - one lady would walk her dog over to the yard by my building, let it take a dump, and then walk it back over to where she lived.  So disgusting!!!  The front office has ZERO idea what is going on and what they need to do.  I tried taking my complaints to the corporate office, with no avail!  It was horrible!  I couldn't wait to get out of there!
1	I would not even give you people a star. You all are hopeless!!! From the ladies at the front desk to the guy who cant speak english and cant fix a simple molding because i ended up redoing it myself. I can not believe someone lets this place run like this. I have nothing against mexicans but its funny how much different im treated because im white. Little did you guys know i can understand alot and may end up leaving before you guys even know. You wouldnt know till the 8th of the month to come check anyway.
2	I will attempt to give a fair review. Most of the reviews on here are a little dramatic. I lived in a 1 bedroom 1 bath on the Wakial Loop side on the 3rd floor for 1 year and 3 months, while I searched for a house. The front staff was friendly, but before signing anything, realize that they do "fudge" certain facts. Your water bill changes every month and it is a ridiculous amount. I was told my bill would not be more than $30 in any given month for water, I consistantly paid $40-50 each month, even during the winter. Currently I pay $50/month for my house water, sewer, and trash combined. Not sure how I ended up paying $50/month for water alone in a small one bedroom apartment. I paid my rent on time each and every time and had no problems there. For people who complain about that, if you just paid your rent on time then you wouldn't have any issues about late fees. Read the contract you sign.The apartment was clean when I moved in and in very livable condition. The A/C unit was leaking on day 1, but I called and they immedietly came and fixed it the next day (a Sunday). I only had to call maintenace 3 times while staying there. Twice they were very quick to respond. The 3rd time it took over 2 weeks to get someone to fix my only bathroom sink.As other have mentioned, parking is horrible. The spaces are small and you have to hope you get luck and you have a compact with two neighbors that have compacts. Other than that, nothing else will fit. I have a SUV and was able to work with the front office to get another parking spot that was larger. It was weird how different spots were different sizes.For the most part I had decent neighbors on 2 out of 4 sides. My neighbors across the hall and below me were horrible. However, this is not fair to the apartment as idiots will do whatever they want regardless of what they are told. My neighbors across from me were always running up and down the stairs and yelling and screaming (kids). The neighbors below me would play loud annoying music late into the night and made it impossible to sleep. After a week of this, they stopped (I'm assuming the front office did something about it.)The gym as decent, a few machines and treadmills, however the annoying thing was that kids would come in and trash the place and take the pins for the machines. This made it difficult to use the machines and you would always find pens in place of pins. The pool area was difficult to get into and out of. They don't give you a key for it, but it just opens in the morning and closes at night. However if you're in the pool during the day and the door closes, good luck getting out. You'll have to climb over the gate or wait until a maintenance man with a key walks by.Now to be fair to the apt and the staff. Everything they did was fine, their service was OK, NOT great or exceptional but average and standard. Sometimes they were rude but they are consistantly very busy. You can't control the peoople who move in/out of the place so I don't think it's fair to judge the apartment based on the neighbors, but it is a factor whether you want to live there or not. It is a very good price and in an excellent area. It is close to the freeway and shopping and in a very safe area of town, thus you get all types of people who live there whethere they belong there or not. My neighbors had 6 people living in a 2 bedroom.All in all, the experience was okay. I would not recomment ths place to live due to the neighbors and all the different types of people that live there. However it's not horrible and I felt safe and the staff tried their best to make the stay as good as possible.
5	Nice hot tub
4	Reading these reviews, I must of lucked out because I haven't had any dramatic problems. When I moved in my carpet smelled like dog urine.. I got the manager and matinence guy.. They came out right away and it was all replaced the next day. My washer had a broken motor and my dryer screached and both got replaced. And no they don't ever answer the phone. You have to just go to the office, don't be lazy. If you want "mark Taylor" service then go there. The gravel is crumbling but you should have looked at that before you moved in. When I have more money I'll go somewhere else but for the money I am happy.
1	Do not live here! I currently rent here. It's pretty cheap, compared to other places nearby, but that's for good reason. I moved in around the middle of July and have placed a maintenance request at least once every other week. The apartment is full of very out-of-date appliances that break often, and the maintenance crew is not very good at getting to requests in a timely manner. The staff is not very nice, as a whole. I mainly speak with one woman on staff, and she is wonderful. However, I went to get a package tonight from the main office, which closes at 6pm. It was 6:10 when I got there and I knocked on the locked door, just to see if someone was still around and could quickly grab the little box from the back room. A woman I'd never spoken with opened the door, and very rudely and condescendingly told me that they were closed. I told her I was only looking to pick up my package from the room right over there, and she, very rudely again, told me that they were closed and that "you can get it tomorrow." She kept repeating, as if I were a child who didn't understand English, that I could come back in the morning. I'd think that, considering they know that people don't like this complex, they'd at least try to be helpful.
1	By far the worst complex I have ever lived in! This complex may seem beautiful on the outside but the inside and management is nearly a wreck! Kelsey in the front office is the only one who seems to be able to get things done. I moved in a few weeks ago to a two bedroom apartment with 3 working outlets, a broken oven, broken dishwasher and several cosmetic blemishes.  I've been requesting someone to come out and do repairs since move in and have been experiencing nothing but problems. I would never recommend this place to any family or friend. I ignored the other negative reviews at move in only because I was told it was due to old management that is no longer there... WRONG.. THIS PLACE IS STILL HORRIBLE.  Don't be an idiot like me, go elsewhere.
