1	We had been to this restaurant once for lunch, and enjoyed it enough to decide to go a second time for dinner. We had relatives visiting from overseas and decided to bring them to this restaurant because of the nice atmosphere of the location (Prince-Arthur). We had one of the worst experiences restaurant wise. We waited for more than 2 hours (literally) for our food, and once our dishes showed up, they were cold and over cooked. We have to mention that the restaurant was very busy, but still... We even had to ask 3-4 times to get water or bread (and at one point, early on,  they ran out of bread). We asked twice to talk to the owner (who we knew was on site) and he never showed up; which shows how much they cared. The poor waitress did apologize many times, but a lot of the issues were out of her control.  I would never go back to this place.
1	Well, in my first and only (and probably last) visit to this restaurant, I cannot really say that I had a good experience.We were a party of 6 (most of us from out of town), and were expecting to have a nice evening. It ended up being a nightmare.It started out with our appetizers. I had ordered the escargots with the butter sauce. The waitress turned up with my escargots PLUS a ton of melted cheese on top of them. Not exactly what I wanted, but she said that they wouldn't charge for it because it was their mistake. Understandable... The next couple of hours (literally) after the appetizers, our group spent waiting for our entrees, and begging for water and bread (that they had ran out). After looking around and seeing everyone else eating, we brought to the waitress' attention that our dishes had still not arrived. We complained, one, twice, three times. We asked to talk to the owner (which we knew was in the premise). Our answer was "I'm sorry, he is in the kitchen and cannot come and talk to you guys". Are you kidding me? What happened to the concept of customer service, especially coming from the owner, who supposedly should care more about the people that come to his restaurant than the regular staff?Anyway, after two hours we finally got our food, which was cold and overcooked. One of the persons at our table couldn't even eat her food.Don't need to say that this experience ruined our evening.
2	On the hopes that we could just take a stroll along Rue Prince-Arthur and find someplace yummy to eat, we chose this restaurant because 1) We like Greek food, 2) Their outdoor terrace looked nice, and 3) Their menu had appetizing pics of lobster on it.Meh, meh, and meh.1) I'm not sure that they know what Greek food is.  Whilst some of the appetizers were of Greek origin, there were maybe 3 entrees on the entire menu that were Greek.  It was more Italian than anything.  I got the souvlaki and it was so dry that I desperately needed the tzatziki that was served with it.  It was served with dry, bland rice and a salad.  The salad was the best part.2) Even though the patio wasn't full, they seated us inside without even asking.  Inside was empty.  We should have asked but eh...3) The lobster wasn't that good.  My dining partner got the lobster and he wasn't thrilled.  Wouldn't come back.  I've heard the Greek place next door is better...
1	Burnt to a crisp. And thankfully so. This place is closed. We are all thrilled.
