3	Serene is a bit of a misnomer. At least in my experience of the place. I promise I won't be overdramatic about this one. It's fine, as far as I'm concerned. It's just that anywhere, absolutely anywhere, you go for a wax is not going to be a serene experience. It's going to involve biting your lips and wanting not to cry like a child who's been denied cookies. Except all you're being denied is the natural feeling of your legs, i.e. the feeling of not having all your hair yanked off you. But the people who work there are lovely and do try to make your experience serene. It's a hard profession, I'm sure. Being the one to inflict pain on people so that they feel more beautiful. Or hairless. Or however you want to call it. The official subtitle for this business is "beauty therapy." Which kind of makes me laugh, as it is not a therapeutic experience. Kudos to them for giving students a 10% discount, though! So if you fancy getting your legs waxed, I believe it should cost you 9 pounds. Which sounds about right to me. I've given up putting myself in that situation, though.
3	This beauty therapy centre in Marchmont is quiteeee pricey in my opinion. Then again, I haven't seriously entertained the thought of getting a fancy beauty treatment so I have little to compare it to.There are all sorts of treatments with wispy French of orientally exotic names that I feel add an extra ten pounds to the price! They also offer more conventional services such as hair removal, nail beautification (I hope that's the correct term) and massages, which I'm convincing myself I deserve at the moment. I will relent and say these other treatments are reasonably affordable. I did notice something on the price list which cracked me up; they won't go any further than a bikini wax.. so to spell it out, no brazilian, no tanga, hollywood etc. Either they classify all these under Bikini Wax, which makes it a steal price wise, or they quite understandably aren't interested in seeing peoples' hoohaas!
