5	Not only did they get two of my three charges dismissed (no proof of registration and no proof of insurance, even after a first judge refused to dismiss the more serious registration charge initially), they got the third charge (speeding) changed to a non-moving violation (no points, no ticket history) AND got the fine reduced by nearly half.I've had people get the non-moving violation plea before, but not the halving of the fine. This was definitely as good as it gets.On top of that, the website is super easy to use for submitting tickets and on the phone they're extremely professional and courteous. After just one ticket they knew my name and were very personable as if we'd been doing business for a long time.AND as the final feather in their cap, they're half the price of everybody else I've found in Vegas that handles tickets. $25 for all this? Ignore traffic laws at your leisure.
5	Traffic angels was extremely helpful.  They got back to me very quickly and handled my traffic ticket efficiently, all through email.  It was painless and for only $25 they helped me immensely.  I would highly recommend them!
1	These are some of those billing scoundrals you may have heard of... Lousey job!  They didn't get on my ticket until it went into a warrant status 8 days after they received the ticket then wanted to up the price. What choice do you have now that it's in a warrant staus?  Not much so you pay it and it still takes 3 more weeks and with the $125 in attorney fees did they save me any money? No, but I was able to do everything on line and over the phone. BIG DEAL!!  Like 95% of the other traffic attorney's aren't offering that...  Do yourself a favor, DO NOT USE THESE FOOLS!!
5	The ticket could have doubled without their help.  They reduced my ticket and best of all - no points!  Well worth the $25.
5	Amazing!!!!  I had tickets from '02 and '07, for  no proof of insurance, registration and expired DL, a mess plus they were in collections, I had no idea tickets went to collections.  I was turned down for a job because the tickets were in warrant. I panicked called the collections agency and they wanted $350. per ticket to get them out of warrant and $200. a month with no reduction in costs or status of ticket.I found traffic Angels they said it would be $150. and the warrants would be removed within the day......so, tickets are reduced to non moving violation, and the fines reduced by $2,000. Seriously Amazing. Never stepped foot into a court room.
