4	Stopped off at this new Chipotle location last night before picking up Little C from daycare.  From the outside, you'd never know that this location is open for business.  Unlike Smashburger next door, they do not have a sign along Scottsdale Rd stating they're "Now Open".  Standard Chipotle fare.  All of the workers seem very enthusiastic to be working there.  And were very friendly.  I'll more than likely return to this location as it is easier to grab and go (if we're not cooking dinner) before picking up Little C than going to the 44th/Thomas location after picking him up.
4	Just drove by yesterday and noticed that this location finally opened--it's Chipotle so I had to stop in to see it. The line was out the door, but it was definitely worth the wait. One thing I noticed about this particular location, it has a small area for people to wait. The downtown Scottsdale location has a designated line-waiting area that wraps around half of the restaurant.  Not a huge deal, just an observation on the setup of the space.The staff was fast and super excited to serve--most likely because they just opened.  Hopefully that keeps up. Even for being new, there were no hiccups on my order or none that I noticed on other orders.  Food, as always, was delicious and disappeared quickly.
3	As usual the food is awesome..  Service was significantly below par..  I said that my meal was for "here" NOT "to go" three times..  The cashier continued to bag it up and when I told him once again that it was for here he just left it in the bag and didn't even bother to take it out of the bag and serve it to me correctly.. Yes I was polite, I save all my bad mouthing for the reviews.. Too bad the staff is not customer friendly, it kinda ruins the experience for me.. Luckily there are plenty more Chipotles to choose from here in the valley.
5	the fact that this Chipotle has been open for at least 5 months now (I think it opened right around Thanksgiving) & only has 3 reviews kind of shows why I'm giving this location 5 stars. I guess it might not be considered a "good" thing on some levels, but it's never busy. Seriously, it almost feels like a "secret" Chipotle. I'm used to other locations having lines out the door. I'd give most Chipotles four or five stars to begin with. They all have good, consistent food & friendly employees. This one is no different. The (very) quick wait time for a burrito bowl is an added bonus.
5	This chipotle is one of my favorite ones because as most Chipotle fans know- they are usually pretty stingy on the protein of your choice. At this location- that isnt the case. They hook it up! Another good part about this Chipotle is that no one really knows about it so it's never too busy. They also always have Chipotle Tobasco sauce on lock- which can't be said about other locations
5	I love Chipotle and this location is the best. I'm a regular at lunchtime and I'm never disappointed. The staff is well trained and the location is well managed. The line staff goes out of their way to recognize me and is always friendly. The parking lot and construction on Thomas make it a little less convenient, but the staff more than makes up for the traffic complaints.
5	There is a secret about this Chipotle.... If a guy named Pandy is working and you shout I sincerely heart leandro barbosa you get free chips and guacamole almost every time it works so this is by far my favorite location. REMEMBER though you have to ask for Pandy
1	The service here today was terrible, the women helping us was extreamly rude was very sassy to me and my freind she was messing up our orders and they were moving very slow. Would not go back to this location ever and I work next door and we bring them a lot of business.  If I could I would rate them at a zero!!
2	The lady taking our orders was pretty rude, but that's whatever she could have bad a bad day.But the guacamole was almost this reddish brown all the way through, and the rice was in balls and the meat was pretty much uncooked.We got it to go so we didn't know until we were home, but it was pretty disappointing haha.There was a worker with a nice hair cut so that made the eh food okay :)
