5	We walked in and were greeted by a wonderful man  (good looking but happily married- though always nice to see a good looking man who is clean and well groomed greeting you) who was friendly in a real way!!   He  saw  I was a bit fussy about where I wanted to sit so he invited me to choose the place that I would be most comfortable!!  He was so nice about it.  I asked how long they were there for, he said, family owned for over 50 years, and yes it is true- I had it checked out. My grandparents who are in their 90s said they used to go there all the time when there were dating and first married.  Bread was put on our table nice and warm and really delicious bread!!! The entree was amazing. I was not too hungry so I shared my mate's ( I'm suddenly speaking like a Brit) :)  Cesar Slade, initially I did not want to try the Cesar salad as it is usually made with raw eggs and I was nervous about that- but after him moaning about how good it was I took a bite-. I did not want my own as I was not that hungry and wanted to enjoy my main meal. I do not know what it was called but I asked him if he could make me a Penni with prosciutto and mushroom rose. He said of course!!  My stunning dish came hot and looked so good and smelled amazing, my mouth watered.  It was the best I have ever had and I am truly a restaurant person. I  have dined all over the world except the corner ( assuming there r four) China,  and I have to say it was the most delicious dish I have ever had. My mate had some kind of stuffed pasta with a rose sauce as well. Wow... it was so delicious. He is very fussy about the rose sauce and he said as soon as he took his second bite we are coming back here!!  We kept picking from each others plates!!! The waiter smiled and gave us extra plates if we wanted or needed them. We did not want desert. We asked the waiter anyway, just a tad curious what was for dessert, and he said- chocolate cake mousse and strawberry cheese cake. I said no, my mate who was reading my body language more than my words ordered both.  He is not a chocolate guy but he polished off the chocolate mousse cake within a nano second, as I did with the cheese cake- with his help of course. We     had house wine- which was fair- I think it should be a little lighter, easier  to swallow- easier for non wine connoisseurs, ... maybe we should have  chosen a better wine- but that was more our fault. The service was  amazing, and I mean superior and the most friendly I have ever had. The  meal with all that that I described was about 50.00- approx it is what I sort of saw. My mate  is really weird about me never seeing the bill... but whatever, (I believe  between 50.00 and 60.00-though not sure)     He said to me that could be our new go to restaurant as we live in Montreal- and now I am kind of living in Calgary.     I think the thing I enjoyed so much just before leaving I got to meet his baby, who was more delicious than the meal (an expression). He was so so so cute, I insisted the baby sit on me, the waiter (son of owner)  did not want to disturb us - but it was one of the highlights of my night!!  The cutest baby ever. His wife came over at my insistence and was so much fun to speak with.  As i said this will be my go to place for pasta. ((  SIDE NOTE IT WAS A TUESDAY OR WEDNESDAY NIGHT AND THEY HAD A SPECIAL - PIZZA AND SOME PASTA FOR A REAL DEAL - VERY INEXPENSIVE)  It was a wonderful family owned restaurant and those are hard to come by today.  It is really nice inside - if you judge by the out side - DON'T- its really clean and pretty.
4	See my tip below.
4	Outstanding pizza pasta-best outside of dante streetGreat service and reasonable pricesReally nothing for miles that really compares
