4	Great place for a cheap lunch if you're around. For 8$ (CAN, which isn't that great of a deal for our Unitedstaders anymore...) you have a lentil soup, a nan bread or rice, a meal, and a coffee or tea. They used to also offer a glass of wine and a dessert... but they probably realized that is was not profitable. Glad they didn't know for all these years... Oh, and BTW, it's La NOUVELLE lune indienne now.
4	Came here on a Saturday evening with a friend and we were promptly seated and served in no time. We ordered a dinner for 2, when one does this, one has to be aware that there are NOT too many choices to be made, for $31.95. The appetiser  was composed of  poppadoms and spiced marinated carrots, this all came with a very tasty yogurt sauce. Then came the main dishes: chicken Korma and lamb in tomato curry sauce, with rice and naan bread. The chicken came in a little bowl, as did the lamb. I thought this certainly would not be enough for 2 people! The chicken and lamb, however small the portions, turned out to be both piping hot, tasty and delicious. The naan was piping hot as well, and slathered in ghee,  reminded me of what the famous chef  VJ said about Indian food "It IS fattening". What really impressed me about the lamb dish, was that it was neither fatty nor grisly, as I've found lamb dishes usually are. The rice was hot and fluffy, all in all, the meal  turned out to be enough for us both. We ended the meal with spiced tea, which is included, but I found to be rather disappointing. The place itself is not very large,quite dark, if seated away from the raised platform- dining area at the window, but quiet, with various paintings all over the walls representing famous Indian stories and legends .
2	I guess I shouldn't have expected much from a place that sounds like a Bollywood "Twilight" sequel (New Moon of India.) Turns out it was, predictably, just as bland and unremarkable as its film namesake.First off, they delivered a flyer around the neighbourhood that said all orders were 10% off AND tax (15%) included for pick-up order. Upon inquiry, the latter was "no longer valid". If there's a printing mistake, a restaurant should honour the better of the two discounts, at least.Second, they're one of "those places" that take credit cards, but not debit. I can't stand that.Last, and least, was the food. We ordered the Afghan Special, which we learned included the following:2 broken papadam2 food court quality samosas1 barely passable chicken korma (for which they receive their first star)1 lamb bhoona that was so different from its picture (ie: it had nearly no meat OR vegetables in it) that even McDonald's would accuse them of false advertising.1 order of the driest basmati rice I've ever had.1 random KFC-style iceberg lettuce salad2 larger-than-average Naan (for which they are getting their only other star)Overall, this ended up being arguably the least impressive India food I have had in Montreal (incl at take-out only places, which this is not.) The folks working there seem friendly enough, but their joy is not derived from a pride in their cooking.My advice to the owners: When you're not a super busy place, and a new client responds to your advertising, you need to do your best to woo their business, long-term. Your specials/combinations should be representative of the very best you have to offer, so that someone who order on impulse will plan to come back for a more involved meal. Unfortunately, we never will.There was only one couple eating there on a Sunday night, so perhaps the rest of the neighbourhood knows what I just learned....to avoid "New Moon" of India, as you would avoid the next Twilight movie....unless, of course, you're a big Twilight fan....in which case, with your taste, you'll probably love this restaurant.
1	Absolutely underwhelming. The restaurant itself is dark and depressing with terrible colours and decor. Our server started off polite enough, but then as the meal progressed, he seemed irritated and quite short tempered. We ordered the Dal and Pakora to start. My Pakora was mildly seasoned and seemed to have been made far earlier and then just mildly heated up. The sauce that came with it was obviously watered down and all in all left me with an unpleasant taste. The Dal wasn't so bad, but it was the entrees that really upset us. We ordered a Butter Chicken and Chicken Korma. These are pretty basic dishes that are hard to mess up, at least that's what you would think. Wrong. They were far too sweet, sickly sweet and had zero spice, zilch, not even the tiniest hint of anything but sweetness. I ended up just eating some naan and waiting for our server to appear with  the bill. That ended up taking forever, funny since we were the only customers. Then when I went to pay, he messed up the transaction, had to get his boss to fix it. Which left all 3 of us in this tiny little pay area near the bar and then after I had put my card away to wait for the receipt, he asked me to take it out again so he could watch me sign and make sure I was who I said I was. They had taken so long to get me my bill I could have dined and dashed for god sakes and he was assuming I had stolen the card. I will NEVER go here again. NOT A CHANCE IN HELL.OVERPRICEDBAD SERVICE AND ATMOSPHERERUDE STAFFTERRIBLE FOOD
5	Excellent food (best palak paneer I've had in a while!) very tasty, not too sweet but not too spicy. My only disappointment is the cheese naan who is not actually topped with paneer but rater with mozzarella & cheddar, two things you don't expect to see in an Indian restaurant. Otherwise the service was good and quick and the atmosphere/decoration is stunning!!! Great place, I'll come back !
