3	Got the royal newcomer treatment at Region's new Tempe location, which opened yesterday. We were some of the first ones in for lunch today, and the owners and every server in the place stopped by to see how we were doing, make sure we had what we needed, etc. Three stars are only because they are on a limited menu until Monday when their full menu, which is still fairly brief, will be available. We started with the decadent-sounding fries with crumbled Gorgonzola and bacon. Served with a Gorgonzola dressing for dipping, the fries were perfect - made in house with the skin on, crunchy on the outside, creamy on the inside. The Gorgonzola dipping sauce probably did more than the crumbled gorg & bacon because crumbled bits do not stick to fries, and instead accumulate in the bottom of the basket. We resorted to forks to retrieve some. Tasty, but needs some process engineering for optimization. Both the husband and I ordered the prime rib sliders with crispy onions. The crispy onions come ON the sandwich, not on the side, which id not make me happy until I tried them - a nice crunchy contrast to the rich and silky shaved prime rib. We recommend to the owner that some grated horseradish we be the perfect finishing touch instead of the bland creamy horseradish sauce with which it was served, and the fresh stuff was delivered to our table moments later. Ask for the fresh stuff, it turned "pretty good" sliders into "mmmmmm...". I personally loved the decor - combo modern with a just a dash of the 60's Polynesian retro. Air and cool, with a bit of warmth from the dark wood accents and greenery. Try to not sit by the kitchen door, it has a nails-on-the-chalkboard squeak whenever it's opened. There are white tablecloths and styrofoam cups for the dipping sauce.  The hubby found that odd, but I like the combination of formal and casual touches - wards off pretentiousness.The bar opens to the outdoors. I did not have time to sit for a drink, but they have a selection of fancy and tasty sounding concoctions (like the "Peach Smash") from 2 until 6 for $6.00. Service was great. In fact we felt as if we were being watched by everyone who worked there - and we probably were because not too many people were in at 11:00 am on their second day. We'll be back so they can earn another star....
3	I saw Regions had opened when I was at the Tempe Arts Festival last weekend. Wanting to try it out, my husband and I ate dinner there this weekend since we were out and about on Mill Avenue. Along with Caffe Boa and La Bocca, the addition of Regions is making Mill Avenue more grown up and giving those of us that live in Tempe real dinner options.The decor is very simple with half the space having tables dressed in white linens and then other half of the space housing the bar which is half indoors and half outdoors. There are also some tables on the patio facing Sixth Street. Our waitress described the food as "American comfort food", so almost all of the items on the menu are familar, but some have an interesting twist to take them to the next level.My husband and I tried the mac and cheese with crabmeat, the scallops, and the garlic and parmesan fries. By far the fries were our favorite part of the meal - loved the gorgonzola and bacon that came on the fries (the cheese and bacon stuck well to our fries) and the blue cheese that came to dip the fries was great. The mac and cheese was good but in most bites you didn't get any crabmeat. It turned out the crabmeat was buried at the bottom and on one side. Definitely mix it up when you get it to better distribute the crabmeat. Also, the crabmeat didn't add much to the dish, so to me, it wasn't worth the extra $5. The scallops...wow. The only word to describe them: salty. I'm pretty sure my face puckered when I put the first bite in my mouth. Even though the scallops were cooked well, the abundance of salt was the only thing we could concentrate on. We did tell the manager who was walking around getting feedback on the food about the over-saltiness of the scallops; additionally we also told our waitress Hopefully that constructive criticism will help them adjust that dish.Our waitress was super sweet and was really good. I asked a lot of questions about the drink menu because their cocktail menu doesn't really describe what is in each drink. It was frustrating on my part, but our waitress was great about answering questions and describing the drinks. I ended up with a "Southside" which is really just a mojito. Our bill for a beer, cocktail, 2 entrees, and the side of fries, came to $62. Regions has the potentially to be a really good restaurant, but I'm reserving the additional stars for future visits when they get all the kinks worked out.
2	Holy crap I cannot believe how bad this experience was.  Where do I begin?Our waitress took forever to get to us.  When she showed up, she told us she would bring us water which took 5 minutes.  She brought the water and took our drink orders.  Of course the drink I wanted, which was on the menu, was no longer carried to I had to settle for a Guinness in a CAN (ugh).  The waitress disappeared for a while and the manager walked by and asked how we were doing and I reminded him to get our drinks.  We finally got those and then our waitress came back to take our food order.  Of course, since she was wearing half a dress, she had no pockets for paper or a pen so she had to go find one.  She came back took our order and disappeared again.Then it got really bad.The next time we see our waitress, she is busing a table next to us and, as she goes to reach for the door, she spills the catchup ramekin onto the floor, splattering catchup all over my friend's white shirt (I dodged the catchup like Neo dodges bullets).  So apologies were made, the manager brought out soda water to help clean up, and paid for our drinks...things were made better.  Eventually the food came out.  I can only speak for myself but I wasn't as enthused about my Grilled Cheese Club as I was when I read it on the menu.  For one, the "club" part doesn't really work.  The bread overwhelms the cheese.  For two, they swapped out Gouda with Swiss.  For three, the bacon was more like bacon bits instead of "thick sliced bacon".  It didn't taste bad...it was just not as good as it could have been.  The fries were pretty good though.At the end of the meal, the three of us were only charged $16 for three drinks and three meals.  I guess that is a positive.  Really, the waitress was what made the experience so bad.  It's not really fair to blame the whole place for the mistakes of one...but they hired her.  In any event, she probably ruined the place for us and that's too bad.  It is close to the LRT and has some interesting food selections.
2	I could retell the entire awful experience that happened here, but I'd rather not relive it and you can just read Glenn's review instead.  In case you don't long story short is incompetent server wearing little clothing can't do anything right, spills ketchup on friend's white shirt.I checked out the menu for this place online, and I was super excited, there were a lot of things that sounded great.  Unfortunately, this is one of those really irritating places that has a lunch menu and a dinner menu.  I ended up ordering the meatloaf sandwich.  The meatloaf sandwich was less than satisfying.  It was served open faced, which was cool, but that left the congealed gravy to cool almost instantly.  The bread underneath was really tough and hard to eat with the meatloaf.  The meatloaf itself was overcooked, practically blackened, and it had peppers in it.  I thought it was weird and rather unappealing.  I don't think mushroom gravy and peppers belong together.Service was just downright awful, but I think it was only the girl we got stuck with.  She was rather rude and pretentious.  A particular moment in time that stuck out to me was when we commented how heavy the menus were she shot back at us "well you're not the one carrying them all day."  Sure sweetheart...  I'm pretty sure she is a trust fund baby who is now forced to work her first job ever because of the economy.  She picked the wrong one.  I think there is another location and maybe, just maybe we could go back to try that one.  Surely the servers are a little more well seasoned that the incompetent broad we had.
1	The menu only exists in order to know what the restaurant doesn't have.  I understand it's only been open a little over a month, but running out of just about everything means they are very poorly managed and have a very poor business model.I was here twice in April, "New England" month.  Unfortunately for them, I lived in Boston for 5 years.  Let's hope they don't try to do New England ever again in the future.  The chowder was terrible.  The RI style calamari was a joke.  There were literally 5 pieces of squid on the plate (and no lemon).  After those, I was too scared to order any of the other regional dishes.On my first visit, very shortly after they had opened, a friend ordered a Mai Tai right off the specialty drink menu.  It was served to her and she immediately noticed it was the wrong color.  "Where's the dark rum?"  "Oh we ran out of dark rum so I just put some more light rum in it."  Note to bartender - if someone orders a drink and you don't have the right ingredients, ask if they would mind a substitution.  My bet is that they might order something different.Later in the month on the second trip, we tried to order the crab mac and cheese.  Nope, sorry, out of crab mac and cheese.  So instead I ordered the Chop Salad.  Amazingly, it didn't have pine nuts and the smoked salmon somehow turned into grilled salmon.  By this point, my friends and I had basically figured out this place was a joke and didn't mind making it publicly and loudly known.  Rather than attempt to fix the situation, the bartenders and servers all started to ignore us.  Finally the manager came over and I explained to him that what I had received in the Chop Salad wasn't anywhere close to what was described on the menu.  He literally asked me, "Oh, are you in the business?"  No, I just happen to be able to read, and I just happen to know what I'm eating.  He explained that they've been very busy and therefore had run out of lots of things.  Note to manager - smoked salmon, pine nuts, crab mac and cheese, and dark rum are not rare, exotic ingredients.  You run out of something, you go buy more.  Or you explain to customers that what they ordered isn't what they will get.  Apparently he didn't like hearing that there are some people that know the difference, and he started to treat us in a very condescending manner.  I'm not the douchebag here, buddy.  Clearly, YOU are the douchebag.  If you don't know how to run a restaurant, don't become a restaurant manager.  Simple.Oh, lest I forget.  We had actually ordered 2 chop salads after being told that they counted under the 2-for-1 entrees grand opening special.  When we got the check, we had to have the bartender remove one of the salads as we were charged for both.  Almost got us, Regions.  Almost got us.Since my group was in a small rush to get to the La Bocca Yelp event, the manager - Keith? Kyle? Kevin? - offered to buy us a round if we came back later.  Not ones to ever refuse free alcohol, we did return later in the night after the yelp event.  And we brought lots of friends - our group of 5 turned into 11, all ready and willing to give Regions our business.  Lo and behold, the manager didn't comp us a round of drinks, even though we made it clear that's why we had returned and we were wiling to stay there if shown some love.  All he had to do was take the 5 kamikaze shots off the bill and it might have made up for the rest of the night.  Guess not.  Well done.  Love the honesty.In conclusion:  food sucks, service sucks, management SUCKS.  But it benefits from a great location, so I'll probably wind up giving it another chance when in Tempe/Mill Ave.
2	The food here is okay.  It's because of the food that I give them two stars instead of one.  First things first, on a superficial note, this place does not have a comfortable ambiance.  It's very stark and wide open (and not in a ultra cool modern sort of way like they're perhaps trying), perhaps nice when crowded, but it certainly wasn't when I stopped in with some friends for lunch.But that could be explained due to the fact their A/C was off and the doors were wide open.  At first we thought it was fine because there was a breeze and we were told by hostess and waitress the A/C would be on soon.  Needless to say, we didn't see an A/C repairman come in until we were finished with our meal.  There was one other table visible in the restaurant during this timeframe, and it took forever for the food to come out.  The appetizer came  out quickly, but our server didn't have much knowledge and wasn't able to answer many questions about the types of cheeses included on the fruit and cheese platter.  She tried, but it is nice to have knowledgeable staff.Once we were ready to leave, "management" came out, not sure of the names, but two men wound up apologizing for the A/C being broken and if there was anything they could do, to let us know.  Um, it's too late.  How about take at least a $2 soda off our tab?  Or maybe that and the appetizer.  If they would have done this, I'd feel better about returning.  But now, there's really no chance.It's unfortunate they didn't think of this or something else, customers will never tell you they want something removed when it's for an inconvenience.  To top it off, the funniest part was when we were walking out the door, one of the managers said, "come back another time and we'll get you some free cold drinks!".  After reading the review on here from just yesterday, I'm laughing to myself.  We all thought, "yeah...we're going to come back and ask for free drinks because you TOLD us"..how about gift certificates or taking something off our tab now?  It's clear these are just false gestures of customer service, they have no intention to do anything if they're not offering something on-the-spot to handle the bad situation.  Just a word to the wise.  The food was "ok".  Sandwich and sliders were a bit greasy and didn't have a whole lot of flavor.  All in all, edible and not horrible, but combined with the experience -- just plain bad.
3	Smiles ater the less-than-pleasing experience and seeing my review, Paul from Regions reached out to me to apologize, expressing interest to make things right.  I appreciate attention to detail and their diligence in accepting criticism such as mine and other Yelpers that have had negative management experiences at Regions.  I will be trying Regions again now that their AC is working and they have proven they care about what patrons think.
2	As a business owner on Mill Ave, I was excited to finally try out Regions for lunch today which is literally a stones throw from our office. My business partner and I walked over, had a friendly greeting from the staff and were seated right away. I was happy to see that there was actually a good amount of people in the restaurant, something that was hard to know from the street view. A big fan of salads, I ordered the Grilled House Chicken Salad (I believe the name is correct, might be house grilled chicken salad) and my friend the Fish and Chips. When the food came out I thought there was an error because there were two scoops of chicken salad, on my salad, where I was really looking for grilled chicken (not a big fan of mayo). What I realized is that I actually had ordered a chicken salad salad, that might contain grilled chicken. As far as how the menu was written I was convinced I was getting grilled chicken. To the staff's credit, they swapped out the order right away with my next options, a grilled chicken caesar salad, however, it was too fast and I soon realized why. The salad was no more than bagged lettuce and precooked/grilled chicken thrown on top (with croutons, dressing, and grated parmesan cheese tossed on). Not how I want to spend $9. Maybe it was my fault for trying the salads, but today they were certainly 0/2.As far as the fish and chips went, I didn't have the fish, but the fries were pretty good. I'll certainly try them again when I'm not in a salad or lunch mode, but with as times as tough as they are on Mill every detail matters!
2	Went there on a Saturday for early lunch. The place was almost empty. The waiter was very polite and prompt with filling our glasses. The food was so-so.  I had a veggie burger - that was a little to greasy for my liking but props b/c it was freshly made - not frozen. The Gazpacho Shirmp cocktail was de-lish. My friend had the couscous salad and liked it.Would I go back - yes.Would I recommend it - yesWould I go back again and again - probably not.
2	After hearing about Regions Bistro opening on Mill Ave, I was excited when my boyfriend and I decided to eat there for lunch. In the window we noticed they had a menu posted and looked more at the prices than the actual menu.After the hostess sat us down, I noticed that there wasn't much on their menu for lunch. But a few things did catch my eye, like the Mac and Cheese with the option to add lump crab. I asked the server how it was and he told me the Mac and Cheese isn't anything that you can make at home and without the crab it would be boring. So I went for it. It did say that it was a small plate, but I wasn't expecting a plate this small. I was very dissappointed because I knew that I could have DEFINATELY made the Mac and Cheese at home better. I also had the garlic fries which Icame in a big basket, but little did  know there was a plate half way down the basket making it look like it was completely full when it wasn't.Overall the food was okay. The prices don't seem that high, but when you get your portions, it would make you think twice about the next time you decide where to go for lunch.
1	Ok, so me and a friend go there this past Monday night . . . Memorial Day.  There is NOBODY in there.  That's ok, we wanted to try something new.  Ay yay yay.  We order two salads, her chopped salmon salad and me the chicken salad salad.  In about 10 minutes the waiter comes out and tells us they're out of mixed greens and would we want our salads on spinach or romaine.  How do run out of mixed greens?  They carry them at the grocery store.  With no customers in there and a bunch of staff, could you not send someone to Safeway?  I'm momentarily disappointed, until another waitress comes by and says there is a mistake.  They do have the mixed greens, but we are the last two servings (how fresh are these mixed greens?).  We get our food reasonably quickly and for the most part it's ok.  Not fancy, tastes ok, nothing to write home about but only $10 a person, so not getting ripped off.  However, my friends chopped salad is by no means a chopped salad.  It's a regular salad with salmon on it, and a sprinkling of other items.  I recommend if you want a great chopped salad, head to Cowboy Ciao and get the Stetson.  It's heaven.
1	My husband and I walked by last night and saw a letter on the door... another Mill Avenue establishment bites the dust. That didn't take long.
4	Good needs my fellow foodies, a great restaurant on Mill Avenue has reopened! I'm talking about Regions Bistro and Bar! I decided to walk down Mill on my way home from work and the doors were open and there were plenty of seats at the bar (in fact, no one was in the bar at that time). I sat down and ordered the cocktail of the day, which was some sort of vodka, cranberry juice, and vodka thing and though I'm usually a beer guy they seem to be a place that specializes in making good cocktails and I was right, it was smooth and kicked like a horse (just the way I like my cocktails and my kicks). For food I ordered off the small plate area of the menu. I started with something I've always wanted to try and never had the chance, shrimp and grits ($10). It came with 4 medium sized shrimp nestled in a small oblong bowl of some very creamy grits, which had a topping of sauteed bell pepper. The bartender told me he did not normally like shrimp and grits but the dish here was quite good and he was right! The dish came with a side consisting of a hot bread roll and some homemade garlic butter and if you like bread, not bad (not a big garlic bread fan and honestly, I would liked to have a more robust bread, in slices, to mop up the grits (I am a simple creature, liking good food but as you can tell from that statement, somewhat lacking in manners. The food was so good, and I care so much about my fellow yelpers, that I ordered another cocktail (they call it a super sunrise and it is made with some sort of herbal liquor from Sweden and orange juice, it had a strong herbal taste, not unpleasant, and if anything, was stronger than the last drink, but not in a bad way). For the second small plate I ordered the triple slider from the happy hour menu (comes with three different sliders on the most amazing potato buns, one with fresh roasted turkey, another with grilled portobella mushroom, and one with roast beef and a topping of fried onions). You get sauces as well, fresh fruit cranberry relish for the turkey slide, Au jus, for the portobella mushroom and if you ask, a side of horseradish for the roast beef. Overall, for $7, the best meal in town, just enough for a light meal and I noticed they grilled the inside of the bun, giving them a nice crunch when you eat the slides, delicious! Now, for the advice to Regions Bistro and Bar, where I pull from my knowledge of business and plain old sack of personal opinions, so do with them what you will. 1. You don't seem to even know what Yelp is, the site even says you are closed! If I owned this restaurant I would invite the Elite Yelp group in for a tasting and some drinks, and the intrepid yelper who made the suggestion. When I made comments about La Bocca, just down the street from you, they responded that day! Learn from your competitors kids. La Bocca does a lot of business on a street many thought would only support places that catered to drunk frat boys, so study them, and benchmark some practices from them. 2. E-mail list. I came in, let you know I lived in the area, and mentioned I would love to get a weekly e-mail of lunch specials like you can get from Essence Bakery (also in your general area, just off Hardy and University and does quite well, study that place as well). The manager noted they were working on those things and gave me a card for getting a free lunch if I bought a certain number of meals. Guess what folks, free meal cards work for sandwich shops, not places that charge $30 plates at dinner, have a daily lunch special and get the news out! Notice another successful restaurant in your area, they offer a daily lunch special and many people order it. Individuals who eat at a place like yours are not, in general, that concerned with saving money and if they were there are places a lot cheaper than yours. Your competitor is not the sub shops, it is places that foodies like to go like La Bocca or House of Tricks, so compete against them! Okay, enough advice, I only give it because frankly, I care and I want you to succeed. I want more nice places to eat on Mill where the preferred drink is not bud light and does not come in pitchers but work with me people! Finally, at the bar, what a great view, the other side of is open and you have a great view of Mill Avenue and the great and wonderful parade of diversity that walk up and down it all night long. I could sit there and watch people, with a steady supply of quality drinks, all night long. So yelpers, go check it out! :-)
3	I would give this place about 3/3.5 stars. I like the atmosphere and the food is really good, but they need a little bit of work(or maybe more practice) in a few areas. I had been here once, before they closed and reopened.My boyfriend and I went to to Regions for dinner last night. The hostess and waiter were very nice, and there were a good amount of people in the restaurant, and many around the bar.I ordered a drink, which happened to be frozen. The waiter said that they didn't have a blender and he would recommend I try something else, so I ordered the Peach Smash, which was fine because I wanted to try that one anyway. He didn't specify if the blender was broken or if they just don't have one, which would be weird considering they have that frozen drink on their menu.We wanted to order the crab cakes as an appetizer, but we were told that they were out of them, so we got the fries and onion rings instead. They were really good! The fries have gorgonzola on top (yum!) and the onion rings weren't too heavy. They also give you a large portion. They brought breadsticks out as well, which were really good also, and my boyfriend got the cream of mushroom soup that was VERY good!We got our meals, which were large portions as well. I got the Veggie burger. It was good (although pretty cold, probably had been sitting around), but I wish that it would have said on the menu that it came with fries. We probably would have ordered a different appetizer had I known that, but because it didn't say anything in the menu, i was under the impression it was only the burger. No big deal though. My boyfriend ordered the roast turkey meal which was good, although really nothing special. both of our portions were definitely large enough for the amount spent. The people sitting next to us tried to order a hamburger(also on the menu) but were told they were completely out of burgers today. That was really odd, the crab cakes and burgers? It wasn't even 7:00PM! It may have just been an off day, who knows.Despite all of that, the food was very good, as was the service. I would definitely give this place another shot. I think with a little bit more practice (and maybe better food management) it can be great. There is one qualm, though, that I have that really will make or break my decision to return. They have a neat bar that can be accessed from the inside as well as the patio. This means that one entire side of the restaurant is open to the outside. The problem is, they allow people to smoke at the bar (from the outside). Although we were sitting completely on the other side of the restaurant from the bar, the stench of the smoke was AWFUL. I'm not even sure if thats legal in Arizona to allow people to smoke that close to the open end of a restaurant. I could see the people sitting at the bar puffing away, as the smoke and stench traveled into the restaurant. Regions definitely needs to do something about that-- even just move the smokers to the opposite side of the patio.
4	Try it again!  This place has a VERY cool, W Hotel-esque, vibe on the interior and is under new ownership.  They were open for a short time earlier this year, but don't let the early reviews cloud your judgment.  The new owner liked the theme so kept the name.  A bit risky, but it is a great theme.  Regions stands for a varying menu featuring recipes from different areas of the country.  The service was good - they are really trying hard to get a local following going, so ask for a 15% local discount card and a frequent diner's card.  The prices are reasonable and...the food is really good.  All the right ingredients...let's just hope they can stay alive on Mill Ave.
2	SIGHHHHHHHHHHI really *really* wanted to like this place.Honestly.Went here for happy hour (which is 7 days a week btw)All speciality drinks and appetizers were half price.  We ordered some cocktails, a cheese plate, sliders, mac and cheese and crab cakes.The cocktails and crab cakes were great!Everything else.... not so much.The cheese tasted like..... generic monterey jack and cheddar cheeses sliced up.  The fruit didn't seem properly washed.The sliders were completely cold and the meat was dry.So yeah, I probably won't come back unless I'm feeling daring, or they get a new chef.The mac and cheese was the most bland mac and cheese EVER!  I would have rather had Kraft mac and cheese than this.
3	Clam Chowder - delish - and considering we are about 2500 miles from New England. Bloody Mary - delish - and quite large!Breadsticks with tasy butter - yum!No complaints for a Saturday afternoon lunch.
2	4 waitress in the lounge with about a handful of customers and they couldn't get anything right.  I enjoyed the appetizers, although I was there during happy hour 1/2 price. I don't know if I would have paid full price for them.  A more extensive selection of wines by the glass would be a nice compliment to the place.  It took forever for them to get the drinks to us and never really checked back, we had to flag them down multiple times throughout the evening (and we were sitting at the bar right in front of them).  When I asked for another Blue Moon they told me they only have Miller and Coors left, which was a hoax because they had more specialty beers but didn't want to dig for them. I eventually got my Blue Moon after asking them to please check again.I'll reserve judgement though because they just recently opened. I think there is potential, but I'll wait another few months. The menu has good food on it.
4	Great new spot for happy hour on Mill.  They opened last year for a while, closed for a few months and then opened back up late last year with new owners I think.  Good drink specials on beer, wine and cocktails.  Great appetizer specials ( $5 prime rib sliders are my favorite) and a cool urban vibe in the bar.  Nice outdoor patio seating and outdoor bar if weather permits.  Bartenders are always friendly.   Dining room is a bit more upscale and I hear the food is good but we haven't done dinner yet, I'll let you know when we do.
3	I went there Friday night before heading off to Mad-Cap theatres to catch "Night of the Werewolf" in preparation for seeing the Anthony Hopkins werewolf movie opening the coming weekend. As others have noted, they do some things well and in other ways, fall short of the mark. I ordered the mojito they had on the cocktail special list and I have to tell you, well made. Lots of muddled fresh mint and lime, not too much sugar syrup, and plenty of ice, it was really good! It was so good that when I had a mojito the next night at Cheavrant (I know I spelled that wrong), even though it was twice the size all I could think was...wow, wish it was as good as the one I had at Regions. Service...a stunning female bartender (and when one is having a cocktail, it never hurts to have it made by a beautiful woman) who when I asked about the jerk chicken on the special menu admitted she had not tried it yet, and I ended up ordering the shrimp and grits which I have had before. Note to Regions staff, if he haven't tried let the customer know you will check with someone who has tried the dish, or say, I haven't tried it but everything is quite good and if you don't like it we'll get you something else. When I got my order she noted she had not tried that either. So Regions management, at least give your staff a tasting when the new dishes come out so they can have an honest chat about the items with the customers. I did have a second cocktail, a gin and tonic with Henrick's gin. The gin was lovely though no limes were squeezed into the drink. Regions, consider muddling a lime piece or two as part of your G&T. So......as others have mentioned, in a land of beer and wine it may be the best place for a cocktail on mill. As for the Shrimp and Grits, it came with a ton of grits this time and well.....more is not always better. The best places to eat in this area - Caffe Boa, House of Tricks, etc, generally serve a modest amount of really good food, I recommend you follow that practice. Notice my rating has gone down a notch though they have added an e-mail list. I would like to see beers on draft. Consider linking up to Sleepy Dog Saloon, right down University, which brews its own beer, and it is way better than Gordan Biersch. So, good to see you trying but...try harder and, read and respond to your Yelp comments since the people here care enough to give feedback, let them know you appreciate it, good or bad.
2	Never heard back from Paul on the original issue from May 2009.  Not sure if the restaurant is still being run this way...hopefully not.  Mill Ave is a great location for restaurants but I can't say I want to go back to this one.
2	my food was ok. normal bar food. you cant butcher a grilled cheese, after all. my wife's shrimp & grits and fries. weak. regions proved it is not ready to take the jump from bar food to $20 a plate fare. my margarita was a joke....$5.50 on happy hour...half price of the normal $11. it was worth about $2. margarita mix from aisle 7 at Fry's....some bad tequila...call it an $11 margarita.....the waiter was nice, but was juggling tables in the dining room while we were in the bar.....the staff seemed disorganized and the scumbag worker w/ the backwards hat who was walking back & forth like a meth addict was totally distracting...during the time he was seated he was scanning pictures of skanks on his fake iPhone.....skip this place (it will be closed soon anyway) and visit the new irish bar next door or a good old standby like Z Tejas across the street....at least they can make a decent margarita...
4	So, I'm a little bit of a junkie when it comes to online restaurant offers like Groupons and Restaurant.com vouchers. I'm seriously like a hoarder with those things. I think it comforts me to know that if I ever were to lose my job and all of my money, I would still have numerous restaurant gift certificates to survive off of, not to mention 10 days of free yoga, 2 hours of ice skating, and a mani/pedi!  Pretty decent lifestyle I'll have going on, despite complete and total financial failure.  One really good thing about the gift certificates is it allows me to check out places I probably wouldn't visit otherwise, particularly places that happen to be right next to a Five Guys and have entrees that cost more than $12. However, I had a $25 gift certificate telling me the Regions would be worth a shot, and so we went.It was so worth it.  I mean, our bill came to $11, so they would have had to eff up pretty hard for me to feel like I didn't get my money's worth, but I would have been happy with this meal even without the $25 off the top.  We started with the pear salad which was HEAVEN.  The pear slices tasted like pie, no joke. Pie on top of salad: my kind of freaking salad.For our entrees, I had the Club Sandwich, which I have no complaints about, and Coda B. got the half roasted chicken. I don't know what the hell I was expecting when the dish is called "half roasted chicken" but it was a TON of delicious roasted chicken. The cornbread side was really good also. So good in fact, that throughout the course of our meal I continually brainstormed dishes that could be made better with the addition of cornbread. I thought of cornbread shepherd's pie, cornbread chicken pot pie, and cornbread bread bowls, but instead of cheese on the inside, delicious butter.  Tell me that doesn't sound amazing and I will tell you you are a LIAR! Anyway, back from the cornbread, the server was very nice and patient with us as we dissected the menu before making our final decision. We had beer this time but their mixed drinks looked pretty interesting, so I'll keep that in mind for future visits. Coda B. had a Coors Light that we were charged $1.50 for. One dollar and fifty cents. Not sure if this is just a Sunday special or what, but it was an amazing surprise.They just opened recently, which might be the reason for some of the less than stellar reviews, but I'm a fan. If you're really hesitant, just get a Restaurant.com gift certificate to check it out and I promise it will be worth all $11.
1	CLOSED.  Disappointed to report that, when I tried to go to Regions in Tempe on March 13, they appear to be out of business.  I never got to try it, and I'm slightly annoyed that the Tempe location is still listed on the restaurant's web site.
