3	It's McDonald's. You get what you'd expect...consistently tasty, fast, low quality food.
4	sometimes I just want a sweet tea and 9000 chicken nuggets okay?! DONT JUDGE ME! haha but mcdonalds helps me quell my inner fast food junkie!
1	I only expect a few things from McDonalds.. I mean.. it's McDonalds. I expect my food to be hot and the people to get my order right. Not only did they not have Iced Latte's ready this morning, they also got my order wrong. The dollar menu hash browns include TWO, not ONE. But I guess that's a little difficult for the employees to understand, considering none of them appear to speak any english.
4	Egg nog shake.  This time of the year, that's a necessity in my book.  I stopped here today on my way home and got part of my annual intake of the precious, sweet, high calorie treat!  Ah, so good!The staff was very pleasant and the process was quick.  I had a smile on my face as I drove the freeway home!
1	I went to this McDonald's today to redeem a buy 1 get 1 free coupon for their new smoothie. I printed this coupon off from McDonalds.com. When I got to the window to pay, after a 5 minute delay, I was told my coupon would not be accepted since they don't accept corporate coupons. Pretty ridiculous when I get the coupon from their own web site. I hate McDonald's and this just furthers my hate for them. They did not get my business today and they will not get my business in the future. Thanks for SPECTACULAR customer service. What did I expect?
1	Worst service EVER!!!!! Not only did they mess up my order but the manager was a jerk. He did not say sorry for messing up my order and gave me a dirty look. Ill NEVER go there again
1	Slowest service ever! And I don't have high expectations for mcdonalds but geez when there's a line with 15+ people you would expect they would put two people on register. They're so understaffed too! The cashier took an order and then went to prepare the food. AGH.TLDR; The people here like to work in slow motion.
5	Stopped in today for lunch to go. Requested a double fish filet, no bun and tartar sauce in a separate container. They did a fantastic job. Fish was fresh and hot and I had plenty of tartar sauce to add to it. Just the way I like it. Thank You !
3	Stopped in for breakfast while attending the Best of the West Lacrosse tournament at Kellogg Zaher Sports Complex. This place was packed with lacrosse people from all over. The long lines inside almost made me turn around and go elsewhere. I'm glad we stayed. The staff behind the counter did a good job of getting through the rush in timely fashion. We were soon chowing down on our McGriddle and sausage burritos. The coffee was actually pretty good for fast food java as was the Chocolate Chip Frappe.  I would not hestitate to visit again, if I am in the area.
3	I currently view McDonald's as more of a restaurant serving inexpensive snacks than meals. In my opinion, McDonald's is a level or few below the fast food powerhouses starring In N Out, Raising Cane's, and Panda Express. When dinner is far in the horizon and I want to calm my appetite, I order off the McDonald's $1 menu as I look forward to a better meal. The $1 menu features large fountain Coke beverages, a sausage buritto, a hot & spicy chicken sandwich, a double cheeseburger,  small coffee, and other foods.   Both my check-ins here were when I hiked on the Angel Park Trail system. This McDonald's is convenient to the Angel Park Trail system; which includes the Bonanza Trail, Kellogg Sport's Complex, and Lone Mountain Trail. The restaurant is a convenient respite from outdoor activities. To reach this McDonald's from the Angel Park Trail system; from Bonanza Trail which is really the east spur of Angel Park Trail to you'd walk past the Kellogg Sport's Complex, walk under the Buffalo Drive tunnel and after the K-Mart turn left on Lone Mountain Trail. After Crossing Washington Avenue with a pedestrian signal, you'd turn left and McDonald's is on the right.  As far as location,  I am curious why McDonald's passed over building the restaurant at the corner of Buffalo at Washington. The existing restaurant a few thousand feet east of Buffalo Drive on Washington Avenue is out of sight lines for motorists driving on Buffalo Drive one traffic signal north of Summerlin Parkway. Then again being McDonald's there is another location a couple of traffic lights north at Buffalo and Lake Mead Boulevard.    This is an older McDonald's. This is not surprising considering it is near Kmart. There is no theme. Just a basic McDonald's with a dining and indoor playground area.  The two check-ins in this basic McDonald's were for a snack. On my first check-in,  I quaffed down the limited time Chocolate strawberry Frape. It was a yummy caffeine boost at a cost of $4 and 600-plus calories. Fortunately this was the halfway point of my hike and I'd burn some of it off. On my follow-up check-in,  I snacked on a Hot & Spicy Chicken with a large Coke. The Coke was flat. That is a no no! If the service wasn't decent and there wasn't a manager presence, this review would fall flat of 3 stars and sink to 2 stars.   I try to review places when I am a regular. Now that I am a Duke that will probably see that status fade at this location, it is time to emphasize that this is a decent restaurant for a snack or light meal off the Angel Park Trail system and in the vicinity of Washington at Buffalo.
2	Just hit the drive thru at this place. Ordered large Fries and a large coke. My fries were half full, my coke is all ice, and they didn't give me a straw or ketchup.
