5	I'm really glad I found this place on Yelp. Like the previous review, I also had a great experience with the service I received. Bill, the manager, was fantastic with working with me on my budget. He even came and sat down in the waiting area a couple times to update me on my car. Any questions and concerns I had and Bill was more than happy to answer them. When he told me about a part that needed to be replaced and I didn't know what it was, he walked me over to my car while it was still being worked on and showed me exactly what he was talking about. I walked out of the place knowing a bit more about my car (and car care in general), which was cool.Anytime I need anything for my car in Vegas, I'll be coming to this Goodyear. It's not often that you experience this kind of customer service at an auto shop. I highly recommended this Goodyear location.
5	I've got a 1965 Buick that doesn't see a lot of mileage.  I went in thinking that I needed 4 new tires.  Russ took a look, told me that I just needed to replace the valve stems and had me out the door for $30.  He easily could've turned it into a $400 sale, but did the right thing.I'm really impressed with the honesty and good service from these guys.
4	Russ at Goodyear is extremely friendly and very helpful. I recently started going to Goodyear to get my oil changed. My step-dad used to run this store when it was Goodyear then went to Big O Tires and now it's back to Goodyear. My oil changes price seem to decrease everytime I go. Can't complain about good service and good people!
5	Never thought a car service would be that enjoyable! Russ is the man!!Got in after i bought a used car, those guys did latterly the extra mile! Did a complete check, got me a great quote on fixing and tires, and i was out with a feel like a brand new car after 2 hours. The guys invited me to watch a football game while the car was in service. I was amazed!! Keep going like that and u will be number one in the chain in no time!Worth the drive of a few more miles, i promise!
