4	Just so there are no surprises, this restaurant, open to the public, is in the Scottsdale Athletic Club. It has a high wall of windows that fronts the tennis courts, so without a doubt, it has a clubby feel to it, but the bright and airy type of club, not the dark woody type where you hunch over a scotch. Lots of tennis whites, well OK, and a strong majority of white folk in here too as you might expect at a tennis club, but ironically the club owner is a self-made success, immigrant from China, and a hell of a smart, hard-working guy, who happens to love tennis. The restaurant features a lot of comfort foods like meatloaf, a rich mac n cheese, and fantastic sandwiches. My favorite lunch fare is an amazing short-rib sandwich. Wow. It knocked my socks off the first time I had it. If you use the club or work in the area, it's definitely worth stopping by for lunch, and they also do take-out. The bar is nice, and sports-focused.  Dinner is good as well, kind of pricier and more formal versions of the lunch menu.
4	We visited this restaurant because we were staying at the adjacent hotel, and they gave us a $75 gift card to use at the restaurant or spa. I was a little nervous because we were the only people there for lunch on a Saturday at 11:30am. The service was excellent and the food was very good. We first ordered the spring rolls, which I thought were just ok. They were mostly ground pork and onion in a fried won-ton, very little 'spring' in my roll. My husband and I shared a gorganzola and steak salad that was very good, and a chicken sandwich. We chose the sweet potato fries to go with the sandwich. They were the best I've ever had! So crunchy and light. Not mushy at all like others I've had. This place doesn't offer much in the way of atmosphere, but you can sit by the windows and watch the tennis courts. It is a nice spot if you are staying at the hotel or nearby.
5	One of Scottsdales best hidden gems! Offers a full bar and  exceptional menu. Live music on Friday and Saturday nites and an intimate dance floor. We went on Saturday nite while Delphine and Joel were playing........What an amazing experience! That girl can sing like no other. Her voice really moves you! Rags Allen plays on Friday nites and has a way of getting people out on the dance floor. This has become our new favorite place to eat and play.
