5	WONDERFUL!!!! Dr. Martin is a true artist when it comes to cosmetic surgery. He is obviously gifted and loves what he does. Dr. Martin is personable, supportive, and he has a winning personality. His staff is top notch! From the first visit to follow ups, Estetica has been consistent in all that they do!  I absolutely LOVE the work he did on me and i am very confident you will too!!
1	This place is only after money! Their photo facial is ineffective even after 3 sessions that they recommended! their hair laser treatments burns the skins and makes blister!  they don'T know what they are doing in any means aND NOT CONSISTENT IN THEIR WORDS!! they have no sympathy!stay away from this place! Not a trustworthy place at all!
5	I love this place! Everyone here is great, personally I see Keri and she always does such a fantastic job. She's very thorough and professional.  Definitely nicest place with always the best results and everyone is so friendly!
2	If I rate this place based on my surgery which was the the removal of all 4 of my wisdom teeth then this is a fine place. I had some really difficult teeth to remove and the surgery went fine. But based on costumer service it should get 1 star. Everyone was nice at first. The lady at the front desk is so sweet. But when I came for my surgery I was really scared. The nurses barley said a word to me. Just hooked me up the the machines and let me sit there until Dr. Martin came did my IV and knocked me out. When I woke up after I was in the room with one nurse. She didn't talk to me. They didn't even let my dad come in. And I didn't find out till after that Dr. Martin didn't even take the time to touch base with my dad before or after my surgery. Then when I went for my follow up he again didn't make time for my dad or I. He was in a consult and didn't even plan on seeing me. Personally I think that if I'm paying a lot of money then the doctor should make the time to touch base with you. If your like me and nervous about whatever procedure your having done DO NOT go here. They work like a factory and just do as many operations as they can and don't care how comfortable you are.  Plus for wisdom teeth they didn't give me a syringe to clean my teeth with till I went for my follow up. My whole family got syringes after their surgery. That just didn't make sense to me.
5	I've been seeing Keri at Estetica for two years, now. I'm 36 and decided to start photo facial treatments as part of my anti-aging plan based on Keri's recommendation. I do three per year. I've done a total of 6. The process of receiving a photofacial is not pleasant - no matter what, it's a laser zapping your face. The week after is not nice, either. All the pigment rises to the surface and it itches. The result is amazing and worth every bit of discomfort. Smooth, light, and young skin. Keri's facials and peels are relaxing, effective, and educational.A little education from my friend Keri: Ladies - did you know that sunscreen is reabsorbed into your skin after two hours and becomes ineffective? So, when you are at the beach in the summer, remember - reapply, reapply, reapply! Otherwise, those dark spots will return. :)
