3	The most important thing to remember is that we'd come to Archie's specifically for wings.  Fifteen cent chicken wings.  Monday to Thursday.  I haven't really been looking all that hard for cheap wings, but this sounded like a deal.  And I didn't have to know what day it was, and still I would have a better than 50/50 shot at fifteen cent wings?  I don't know this 'Archie' guy, but he didn't really twist my arm to get me in the door.As it turns out, you need to buy a drink to be eligible for the fifteen cent wings.  I would have preferred to consume my wings with water--I am something of a wing purist*--but I am not above drinking an adult beverage in order to take advantage of an 80% discount on tiny pieces of spicy, fried, exceptionally messy chicken.  And fortunately, Archie's is a bar.  At first, I tried to order Johnny Walker Black, rocks.  But our waitress did not know if they carried that brand of liquor (they did not), so I requested a dry, slightly dirty Tanqueray martini and a glass of water.  A number of minutes later I caught her eye across the room, and she assured me my drink was on its way, having been delayed slightly by something to do with someone 'forgetting about it'.  Several more minutes passed, and she approached me sheepishly.  Empty-handed.  As it turns out, besides lacking Johnny Walker, Archie's lacks vermouth.  Fighting off my confusion, I took a few minutes to browse the bar by myself, wanting to avoid the embarrassment of ordering a third obscure and impossible to obtain beverage.  I finally ended up with a glass of Speyburn.  The glass of Speyburn was almost entirely identical to a glass of scotch, except that half of it seemed to be a glass of water.  Which, I suppose, was what I had really wanted the entire time.Soon after this drama, there were wings.  They were fried and spicy and messy and cost fifteen cents apiece, so the evening turned out almost exactly as I'd hoped.  But when I say that, it is important for you to remember that we had come to Archie's specifically for wings.  *This MIGHT be a lie.  I don't know what would make someone a wing purist, but I do know that I'll eat just about any wings you put in front of me.  If that makes me a purist, then I am glad to have written it.  And if it makes me the opposite of a purist, well, I'm not losing any sleep.
3	You Fancy! Well if you are, Archie's is not for you.  Archie's is a dive bar of the Southside.  Wait Amil, all bar's in the Southside are basically dive bars. Well if you want a no frill, drink to your heart's content, local's drinking mecca: this is your spot.Once you are inside, squeeze out some real estate at the bar, order a coupe of rounds, and enjoy the fact that your wallet is not getting exploited. This place forgoes the frills and charms that other bars on Carson use to justify the extra $5 per drink.  Need to start the night out or end the night somewhere, head down to 24th and let the party happy crowd make your night and expect a good time.
3	Another South Side bar, another notch on my South Side bar belt! So being that it's a bar located in the great city of Pittsburgh, I expect specials! Really dirt cheap specials is just the icing, or shall we say slightly foamy head, on the beer. $2 you call it, or in layman's terms, stick to beer unless you don't mind bottom shelf liquor.  Beggars can't be choosers here! I'll take it!  They had a DELISH Blue Moon Summer Ale on tap that I highly recommend. I may be a little bit of a weirdo about this, but once the special began they stopped serving the drafts in glasses and switched to barely 16 oz cups. Boo!  I'm not at a frat party! The service is great until it got packed, then you have to start looking really eager for your beer and make direct eye contact or you won't get noticed.  It would help to beef up the bartenders to at least 3 or 4, instead of two swamped girlies. A closer look at the specials menu and it looks as if EVERYDAY is $2 drinks.  You call it Friday 10-midnight and Saturday 9-11.  Special bonus on Thursdays $1 Blue Moons from 10-midnight!  Hi new fav cheap place!$2 dolla make-a you holla! And potentially make you intoxicated.
3	I can't go back hereDon't ask why, but it was fun.Oh Archies...... Sorry!(b)
3	Normal sort of South Side divey bar. However, I'm pretty sure they have the best wings deal I've ever seen (feel free to prove me wrong!). there is but one stipulation: you must order a beer/drink with your wings. But come on? Beer is the perfect drink to go with wings. Where they get you though is that it costs at least a dollar to get veggies or dippers.
4	"We came for wings," and they were amazing. When we were looking for the best wing spot in Southside, we used the phone-a-friend method, and the call came back to try Archie's, so we made the stop. Skeptical at first since this is very much a bar in the strictest sense of the word. Even Archie himself was a bit suspicious of us as we had a younger child in tow. But they had a somewhat complete menu and separate dining area. As we waited for the food to be prepared our skepticism grew as it seemed to take longer than normal and the single waitress/bartender was distracted waiting on other customers. But when our wings and side dips arrived, we were all lost in heavenly flavors of the best buffalo wings that any of us have experienced previously (or since). The quality of the wings alone clearly made up for any service problems. We had the hot buffalo sauce, and I especially liked it because they were not overly hot and not overly tangy (vinegar flavor).  While we were not here on a "wing special" night it was definitely worth coming here just for that.
3	One dollar blue moons.nuff said.  thursday nights is when I'm there.  Never knew it was possible to get drunk on almost five bucks.  of course it depends on how much i've been eating and such but its a great deal and wings are also 25 cents monday through friday.  You do have to order them in orders of 10, order a drink as well and are charged for extras like blue cheese or celery but its not bad overall.  I really wouldn't come here if it weren't for the blue moon special, but I don't know how you could beat that.  The blue moons come in 12oz cups i believe and a tiny tiny wedge of orange.
3	As a transplant to the Pittsburgh area nearly six years ago, the one thing that's a constant is finding a good place to go to watch my hometown team (Baltimore) play on Sundays. There are plenty of bars with Sunday Ticket, and I've tried quite a few, but to find a place with a decent crowd is another story...especially in Southside. Based on the number of fans of other teams also pulling up their seats for a game a Archie's, I'm not alone in giving Archie's a thumbs up.This past season, I finally decided to check out Archie's, as the other options in Southside had let me down, and it was a generally nice experience! The bartender was really nice the few times we were in, and the one time I came in and had to ask for them to turn the game on, Archie himself (assuming it was him based on the striking resemblance to the menu drawing) was super polite in putting it on the TV closest to my seat. Need I remind you, he was polite to a guy in a Ravens jersey. That's the type of service that will bring anyone back.If you walk in expecting anything special, food-wise, you're asking too much, but the food isn't bad. It's exactly what you'd expect upon seeing the place, and after checking out the menu. My favorite thing on the menu is the meatball hoagie. It's actually good, and not just in that "well, it's good for here" kind-of-way. It was actually good stuff. The wings and chicken tenders are okay, but I'm definitely giving my positive food ratings to the hoagie.The prices are reasonable, the food is decent, and service is good. It's not a place that I see myself frequenting when football season isn't in, but I wouldn't steer anyone away, either, as I imagine the positive vibes are a constant at Archie's.
4	Archie's is great-- good specials, lots of TVs, but the food isn't great and there are too many hockey fans (which is pretty much par for the course in PGH). And Archie is always hanging out, which tends to keep everything in order, as he is a great dude and always up for a chat.
3	Kind of a sports-bar atmosphere on a Tuesday night.  Pirates on TV, good beer and wing specials, and some really loud fans.  Great place to hang out and watch a game.  Food is average bar food though, priced okay.  Be sure to look at the specials when u come in so you aren't jacking up your bill unessessarily with your normal draft when you can get blue moons for a buck or two!
4	The only bar with NFL Sunday Ticket in the Southside... best fried cheese too!
4	35 cent wings Monday-Thursday. Hot flavor a miss, but the other flavors are tasty. Drinks are cheap. I should be back. The keep raising the price on the wings though.
5	Awesome! Go there nearly every Thursday. Cheap wings and $1 Blue Moons. Can't beat that, go there get some wings and a solid buzz then at midnight go back to Oakland, more specifically Peters Pub and get drunk!
4	Went here last night for a quick bite and a few beers...  We ordered their Italian Hoagie and an order of provolone sticks.  The sticks were perfect!  The cheese was perfectly gooey once we bit into them but it wasn't oozing out when they were served.  The marinara sauce was very good too.  The sandwich took a while to come out of the kitchen but once it was set in front of us, we understood why...  The Italian Hoagie was delicious!  The thick slices of ham, I'm talking like Easter slices here, were each grilled before going onto the bun, the capicolo (sp?) was a perfect blend of meat & spice and the salami was very good.  Like I said, all meats were grilled before putting tyhem onto the bun!  Also, do yourself a favor and check out Just Pay Half on the WPXI website- we got $50 worth of certs for $25 so we ate and drank for half price...!Archie- you're the man...  :D
5	Great drinks, great food, great people! Specials are awesome!! $2.00 you call it's and 35 cent wings.
5	Archie's is my favorite wing place in the world. I haven't been to a bar that offers a wing with so much  chicken on the bone - far more filling than Quaker Steak / Buffalo Wild Wings.Their sauces are much better as well. Unlike most commercial wing places that offer sugary-processed tastes, Archies taste homemade. The only downfall is the wait. Fortunately for my friends and I, we go there to relax and have a couple of beers so we don't mind waiting but if I were to be in a hurry, I would be SOL. It's definitely a sports bar ... I think there are 14 TVs, not including the gigantic screen hanging on one of the walls. It's really cool that the owner, Archie himself, hangs around. It's makes the place feel more authentic to Pittsburgh. Cheap Beer. Cheap Wings. Filling. Go there for yourself - even if you hated it, you're still filing your stomach up while spending less than $10. ...I haven't tried any other food but the menu looks great. Surprising variety.Spicy ThaiSmoke BBQ ... mmm!
4	Chicken sandwich on a pretzel roll is tasty. Highly recommend! Shaved turkey as good as a thanksgiving day bird.
4	Only stopped in for a beer, so can't give a too detailed review.  But it had food, cheap drinks and some TVs.   Place was pretty empty when we went (about 9:30 on a Sat night), so we got good service.
3	I live only a few blocks away and just came here for the first time last week. I like dive bars, but for some reason had never been inclined to come in, but my usual Wednesday night place was closed and I decided to check out Archie's. It was definitely better than I had expected - we ordered the Western flatbread and a few plates of wings. The chicken on the flatbread wasn't great but everything else about it was pretty tasty. The wings were also good - and I don't even particularly like wings. Our service was surprisingly good, and everyone was very friendly. I might start saving myself a few blocks and come here on Wednesdays instead.
5	Archie's is great for cheap, quality wings. The place has bar seatings on one side and spacious tables for groups on the other side. Staffs are friendly and service efficient. There are TV's at every angle--360 degrees of visual stimulations. When I was there, I saw Archie himself. He is a very friendly and social guy. Okay more about the wings. From Monday-Thursday wings are 35 cents each, all day. However, you must purchase a drink with your wings order, minimum of 10 wings per order. Even with the drink purchase, the meal was still pretty cheap. I was able to try three flavors: spicy Thai sauce, Cajun rub and flaming hot. Spicy Thai was on the sweeter side and not spicy at all. Cajun rub had a spicy kick to it and flaming hot pretty much went up my nose and I was in tears. The wings were juicy and meaty with just the right amount of flavors. My favorite flavor so far is Cajun rub.  Overall, I highly recommend Archie's for those with a passion for wings. It was a very satisfying experience, and easy on the wallet.
5	Monday through Thursday 35 cent wings, but there's a catch. You have to buy a drink (I got a 2.50 pop) and 10 wings of one flavor (3.50). Which was fair, but I wish I could've gotten 5 wings in one flavor and 5 in another because it all looked so good! We got Spicy Thai, Hot, and Cajun, and I can attest that all of them were fried and slathered to perfection.  Not those dinky wings that other places try and pass off, but real big, juicy, and fried wings.
5	I love their wing nights. Great wings so crispy and yummy. Got lots of TVs too. My favorite location for Monday night football and Thursday night football.
1	Please read!!!! Before going in for wing specials you must know...the menu doesn't tell you what the special includes, and the servers definitely don't tell you! Yes they have $.35 wings BUT I ordered a water and was charged $2.50 without knowing I had to purchase a beverage to get the special. If the server (who was actually the bartender) had told me, I would've ordered a drink or maybe even 2! Now unfortunately I don't think I'll be going back because she was very rude when I inquired about my $2.50 water and told me that the sign outside should have informed me (there was no sign). Too bad. The wings were tasty!
5	Archie's does wings right. Fried until perfectly crisp, no breading, and a delicious hot sauce livened up with chili flakes and seeds. Incredible and just the right amount of heat. Highly recommend this place for wings in Pittsburgh.
4	Not really sure how to go about this review.. but one thing i do know is that Archie's has a great wing! Another awesome thing is that their wing night is Monday THROUGH Thursday.... 35 cents. This includes regular wings AND boneless (Score!!!)Just an FYI though..... you have to order them by 10wings. Also, only one flavor per 10 wings. I normally order the boneless but forgot to mention it to our server. The regular wings were not bad at all! I believe I ordered the teriaki and Bobby ordered the Honey BBQ.. I tried both and they were great!
