2	Hot as hell. Would've rather spent the $8 on foodie fest entry. Line to get ramen and bevg tickets then line to order (even though they all only have 1 thing) then another line to pick up. Then burn the sh*t out of your hands on the plastic bowls. Ok sized portions but no ramen was amazing. Save $ and go to sora instead. off to snowflake to cool down
3	I agree with Nik O., it was too hot with not enough shade.  Not even a gust of wind.  There were a few out of town good tasting ramen stands that used tickets (with a set price) like Men Oh, Iroha, Jinya, and Hiromaru.  Then on the other side you used money (from various prices) to buy food, alcohol, and other drinks from Yonaka, Ichiza, Kyara, Hikari, Aloha Kitchen, Gaja, Takoyaki for example.      There were not enough hand washing areas, seats, or tables for eating.  Also there were not enough dessert stands or hot teas offerings.     All in all it was an interesting first time!
3	I'll agree with the previous posters on the fact that it was quite hot, which is actually surprising. I had checked the weather before coming to the festival and it was in the low 70's but it did not feel as such. However, weather isn't something you can control. I've been through 80-90 degree weather for the 626 night market that was also outdoors and had zero shade areas so I'm not too concerned on that aspect. Though, there wasn't enough places to sit -- that's for sure. Not only that but we also found a huge lack of trash cans. What the heck? I didn't understand. A good 75% of the festival was food booths but finding a trash can was similar to trying to find Waldo. RAMEN:The way they structured this was: you have to buy a food/drink ticket first. $7 for ramen and $2 for soft drinks. So you buy however many tickets you want. Each food ticket representing one bowl of ramen. With that ticket, you get in line to whichever ramen booth you want to try. Even though I don't particularly prefer this get in line to get in line concept...I find this a little bit more sanitary. Why? Because the people making, prepping, and giving me my food haven't touched money. Money can be very dirty. So it's less hassle for both sides. We don't have to worry about taking cash, giving cash, and getting cash back. My friend and I tried three different booths for ramen.Hiromaru: To be honest, it's pretty good. I do believe that this is from Japan so it's typical that the broth/flavorings aren't incredibly salty or rich. Japanese food is typically very bland. I loved how the tonkotsu soup base was not overly powering. You won't get tired of eating this. Because if the soup base was too rich, I'd typically get tired of what I'm eating and then it won't taste good near the end. Hiromaru is very balanced for my tastes :) I typically like thinner noodles but for some reason, their noodles reminded me of spaghetti XD! Iroha: My favorite booth for ramen. It was different and not your typical soup base. It held a spicy kick to it, which I liked. The noodles were just right -- not too soft and not too hard. The wait for this line is actually quite long when we were waiting for it cause they didn't have that many people working and only one pot to cook noodles in. But it was worth the wait imo. Maybe next time I stop by SoCal I can visit this place and eat there! Tsujita LA: What an interesting concept. We decided to try this stand because it serves cold ramen. And boy were they not kidding. Everything was cold from the soup base to the ramen noodles. It was almost like they got it out of the fridge! The soup base was really refreshing though considering how hot it was outside. And it kinda reminded my friend of an udon soup base. It wasn't horrible or anything but not my preference. It was a good experience though! Would definitely like to see more of these types of things! *Thumbs up.*OTHER:There were a lot of other vendors there including Yonaka, Raku, and Ichiza. They also had a booth that sold takoyaki and also shaved ice from that one Frog truck .. can't remember the name. There wasn't anything particularly interesting except Raku .. they were selling skewers for $3-5 each .. which was kinda pricey. My friend and I tried the tontoro, the pork cheek skewer and it didn't really taste like pork ... didn't really taste like anything actually. A lot of the booths sold beer, one sold cocktails, and some were selling water and soda for $1. Not enough variety on the sodas :( made me a little sad. I don't drink beer so that was useless for me. And aside from Ichiza selling their honey toast for a whopping $6, there weren't any desserts. RETAIL:A lot of different booths selling merchandise: from handmade crafts to stuffed animals. Some had jewelry. Some had hello kitty merchandise. Some had t-shirts and what not. Some had anime. It was like a mixture ... of things. There was also a nail art booth where they'll do your nails. $5 for polish and $7 for gel, which is a fabulous price. The designs looked cute too. I would've totally had mine done if my job allowed it :P Alas, job doesn't allow anything but neutral colors. Darn! They also had your usual festival games...well two. The balloon fishing $2 and actual fishing $4 for one game and $6 for two. Kind of pricey for fishing the gold fishes but everyone has got to love those games. STAGE:They had a bunch of events going on the stage continuously from dancing to games to show you the arts, which was interesting. They even had a karaoke contest early around 2 PM. So if you're ever tired or just need a break from stuffing yourself, just go and watch some of that entertainment. Overall, not bad at all. It's just a little lacking. There weren't enough things to look at or things to do to be able to stay at the festival for that long. Also entry is $8 at the door and $5 for advanced tickets. Would be nice if it was cheaper :[
4	I went here with a couple of my friends and I had a really nice time here. I heard about this place when they had fliers up at Curry Zen, and I decided to go with my friends to check it out. The main goal of the day was to try the various ramens. We didn't get all of them, but we did try 5 different places. The set up was a little strange with us buying tickets for the various ramen places beforehand, and I can see why they did that and it's for the actual tents dealing with money. It's a lot easier to collect ticket stubs rather than to collect money so they had someone else deal with that. The lines got long after a whole in the day, but if you got there early, you didn't have to deal with the ridiculously long lines. They had other food places serving food like Curry Zen, Raku, some place selling okonomiyaki (Japanese pancake) which was really good, and other miscellaneous things. I personally only went there for the food, but they had a strafe with various performances and booths you could check out. I had fun and I'm definitely going to be going again next year!
4	Roshambo + Ramen galore + Shaved ice + Okonomiyaki + Japanese beer = A great Saturday Good food and good company on a lovely Saturday afternoon (or night if you went later than me).  The festival lasted from 11am - midnight and was filled with performances, food, and booths from local organizations.  Yes, it was a hot and I wished they had more covered seating, but that is the benefit of going in groups.  This way you just have to rotate who is going to get the food and who is going to hold the fort down in the shade. Logistics:  Tickets were $8 at the door ($5 for pre-sale at local shops and restaurants around the valley).  This event was also very family friendly and free for children 8 and under.  Once you got in you there was a line to buy tickets for Ramen ($7), soda ($2), and beer ($5).  Warning though the beer was cheaper $3-$4 from the non Ramen booths.  From 12 pm to 1 pm this line was super super long, but after 1 pm it definitely died down.  If you wanted other food like skewers and Okonomiyaki (Japanese pancake) no ticket required, just good old hard cash.Hiromaru: By far the longest of the Ramen lines and for good reason.  It has a very rich and creamy broth without being overpowering.  The noodles were on the thinner side which I personally like because I feel like I get more broth with what I am eating. This one did steal the show in most everyone's heart.  They are originally from Japan, but the flyers said that they were going to open a shop here in Vegas and I will be a future customer for sure.Iroha: Another festival favorite.  They had the second longest line.  Their noodles were much thicker and their broth had a little more spice to it.  The servers warned us that it was spicy, but I didn't think it was bad at all.  Vegetable Okonomiyaki - Lots of fillings, heavy on the pickled ginger, and still squishy on the inside.  I like it, but if you a super crispy pancake this might not have fit your fancy.I had a wonderful time eating and drink from the different booths, hanging out with friends, and even my failed attempts at Roshambo (rock paper scissors) to win gift certificates for local restaurants.  I'm pretty sure I will be back next year :)
3	I love everything Japan-related, so when I saw this festival first advertised I posted the event on yelp.  I bought $5 advance tickets at Japan Creek Market.  I planned to go at the beginning because our Saturday was full of to-do list items.  We arrived around 11:15 AM.  Some of the vendors for food were not yet open, but the ramen line was already enormous.  Since I don't eat pork, there was no need for me to stand in line, and Eric was unsure if he wanted to do that anyway.  We started with okonomiyaki (sans mayo) - it was okay but we just love Hiroshima-style and this one was Osaka-style and rather bland.  I got in the takoyaki line and saw one of my students taking orders.I ordered the takoyaki with mentaiko sauce, and it was the best thing I had all day.  Super hot and soft inside with tako, outside crisp, covered in mentaiko sauce, green onion, bonito flakes, and shredded nori.  It came with 7 which was a great deal and I got iced green tea.  Eric R. decided to get honey toast from Ichiza (he made them remake it because they gave him a completely burnt toast) and I got brussel sprouts from Yonaka as soon as they opened.  Curry Zen was not ready to open, Kyara served no food (only drinks) though they had a cool seating area, Snowflake was not there yet, Yu-yu only had a few kushiage options, and Raku had a really long line.I offered to get in the ramen line with Eric when it got shorter but he was full.  The stage performances and games were cool - Eric R. tried to play rock-paper-scissors for gift certificates to restaurants but lost.  I agree with Nelson that the vendor options for the "market" were limited, so there was not much to see.  I also wish the drink booth associated with the ramen line was separate and took cash instead of requiring people to wait in the ramen line to buy drinks, since there were more options there than at some food booths.  Plus, the drink booth at the entrance was price gouging whereas most restaurant booths sold bottled water for $1 and Calipico/green tea for $2.
2	The Aki Matsuri Festival is a fun idea that needs better execution. There was a ridiculous amount of space that was poorly or totally not utilized. There could have been more shade, more chairs, more trash cans, more ticket vendors and more space between tables. It was literally impossible to move between two people sitting at different tables, which is just poor planning and management.I actually had a good time, but it wasn't the festival, just the people. It was honestly kind of annoying to have some people singing terribly being blasted into my ears half the time (no offense).It was definitely cool having a variety of ramen vendors, but in the end, all the places that are local seemed to get little to no business because of the fact that we as locals can just go there at any time. That certainly would skew even out of town visitors from going to those stations since they will have a look of being unpopular and bad.Part of the problem was they took a festival with a lot of potential to look like it was bigger and just put everything around the perimeter, meaning that once I walk into the middle, I've seen it all. Not much amusement beyond that.Anyways, I hope they can do better the next time. I, for one, would have liked it to be more like a contest between ramen vendors the way they hyped that up so much.
4	I loved being able to try so many varieties of ramen all in one spot! The layout of the booths and ticketing system left something to be desired, but all in all, my focus was on the foods, especially the ramen, and for that this 'festival' was exceptional. I will definitely be back next year, as they just keeping adding more and more vendors and entertainment. Now if only they could drop the ticketing system...
3	Another year, another Aki Matsuri Festival in Las Vegas. And your festival experience will likely be very different depending on the time of day you were there.  But parking for the event at the Rio was way better compared to when it was held at other smaller  venues. This year the event was held at the Rio's parking lot, where numerous other festivals and carnivals are held throughout the year.  So parking for the event was easy compared to past years when it was held at other venues.  Plus you are not disrupting other businesses physically attached to that parking lot (at past venues)For those that were lagging about getting pre-sale tickets, they were practically all sold out the day before the event.  So in the future if you plan on attending it and getting a discounted ticket, buy it early.I arrived and met up with friends at around 2:30pm, so the long lines others encountered around noon time had already mostly died down.  Buying ticket to get in, and purchasing ramen redemption tickets ($7 each as stated on the flyers) were both relatively painless and quick.  Some ramen vendors had longer lines than others, but even the ones with the longest line (Hiromaru - a ramen restaurant from Japan that is going to open their very own Las Vegas location in the near future) have no lines at all at times.  So it pays to be a little patient.  Overall, I was not blown away by any of the ramen I tried at the Ramen Festival (biggest complaint for me is that the broth seems to be more water down, plus portions are tiny for the $7 being charged per ramen ticket).Besides that, these are areas that can use significant improvements in the future:1. Everything was way too spread out.  The layout of the event could have been done a lot better.  2. And for a food festival, there were not enough places to sit and eat your ramen under the shade.  And where the tables are located, they were so bunched up together it was troublesome to get in and out of that area, while trying not to spill any hot ramen broth on people that were already seated.3. Disappointing lineup of non-food vendors.4. Entertainment - couldn't even see it if you are waiting in line for ramen.Generously giving this traditionally fun event (at least in other cities in California) a 3 stars by rounding it up to the nearest absolute integer.
3	The past few years I've always been disappointed by Aki Matsuri Festival.Previously it was at the OG Chinatown venue which led to small turn outs, cramped, no parking, and food running out relatively quickly.HOWEVER this year it was greatly improved. No issues with parking at the Rio, space was big, and dear lawwwwwwwwwwd all the food options! The food options were definitely the highlight of the event which could be a problem. While I enjoyed most of the food vendors, this wasn't a food festival, so the lack of A game that the vendors brought were an issue. Wished for something innovative or unique in terms of vendor or hey even a ramen history lesson since that was the highlight of the event. Anyways huge improvement than before, but much is to be done!
3	I have to preface this review with the fact that I am not a huge fan of food festivals. I wish I could see it in a more positive light, but they tend to leave much to be desired. Aki Matsuri falls into the same category. The layout for the venue was odd. All of the merchandise vendors are located at the entrance while the food vendors were spread out along the perimeter. The ramen festival was located within the festival. None of the ramens were amazing and the sizes were smaller than if you were able to go to the restaurants. If that was not a big enough disappointment, okonomiyaki was a biggest disaster. The insides were gummy, the outsides could have used a little more time. With the pace that they needed to keep, the product definitely suffered. Within a couple of hours, I was ready to head out. It was just nice to spend time with  my friends.
3	This is definitely not the most organized festival.  It really doesn't make sense to me to have one line for purchasing ramen tickets/drinks and then you have to stand in another line to get the ramen =(.  I'm not patient and I hate lines! ha...  And it turns out this was one of the hotter days in the fall.  The takoyaki place was flat out disgusting....I hardly ever am that harsh, but the dough was not cooked through =(  Big fail and I waited over 30 minutes in line for it!  The ramen was okay, but I think i would have rather sat down in a restaurant and savored the flavors of a full bowl rather than a few bites of ramen noodles and one piece of pork.  It seemed like a great concept, but in the end I probably wouldn't go back.  In the future on Aki Matsuri Festival day I will be there in spirit as I eat at Monta or Ramen Sora.  On a side note, they have little prizes they are giving away all the time...so if you are a lucky winner than that's a bonus.  I won a $50 gift certificate to Marssa, so perhaps...this might make my review an A-okay versus I've experienced better.
4	The weather is beautiful! The food is amazing! The pancake, raku and takoyaki are we're great. The takoyaki stand however had a huge line they should really look at ways of increasing volume.
2	Here I thought I'd be immersed in Japanese culture. I missed Japan and thought, "what a great way to remind myself of that wonderful country?" Not so. My dreams were shattered.OK, that's a dramatization. I didn't carry many dreams into this festival but I did expect more. There wasn't much food, and there wasn't much in terms of goods either. It was just small. Was there even a point to an entrance fee?If you've been to Raku on Spring Mountain, then you've already been to the only place worth going to. They had great skewers of beef and salmon. There was takoyaki from another booth and it had, by far, the biggest line. Understandably so - almost nobody sells takoyaki around town!I'm just going to end the review here. There is nothing to say about a festival so small and poorly executed.
