5	Had to check out  the new local Asian market, they had just opened so they didn't have much merchandise yet, but they are so nice and kind and told me they would be getting in much more products so I am happy about that.  I will be coming back here to have the green tea ice cream,,, yummy ,,,, Come check out this little market if you want a taste of unique Asian products if anything come check out their flavors of ice cream.Happy yelping xoxooxox
2	This place had little selection. I was excited there was an asian market that opened right next to my place. However, when I checked it out cause I needed some last minute vegetables for the sinigang I was going to make I noticed that the vegetables they had were basically rotting already. The sitaw (chinese long beans) I was going to buy there had brown spots all over them already and were definitely over priced. I can see that they had all the canned filipino foods people may need to make some filipino dishes which is a good thing. But I think this place definitely needs more products in order to really blossom. This store has potential to explode but not with the little selection of vegetables and filipino foods they have. It is at a convenient place right next to Mountain's Edge neighborhood, but they need to defintely up their products.
5	This place is great. Saves me the headache of having to go to seafood city for some quick essentials. The store is always clean and organized and has a friendly atmosphere. The two cashiers I've seen have always been very polite to everyone I've seen walk in.  I briefly talked to the owner the week of their opening and he's a real friendly guy.  Their selection is a bit limited for now, but I'm sure it's bound to expand.
5	Lots of yummy snacks that I've never tried before and the ice cream is really good. Looks like they could have more selection but it's a great addition to this area
5	My husband has been dying to check this place out so we stopped by randomly the other night for our first time and we absolutely LOVED it!!! My husband has found his "go to" place for his packages of noodles he likes to cook and we all loved their ice cream! Such unique but delicious flavors!!! My toddler and I have found two favorites in the avocado and mango! They are DELICIOUS!! My toddler squeals with excitement when he gets a spoonful!!! It's definitely our new favorite spot for a scoop or shake of our favorite ice cream!!!! A super friendly atmosphere and fantastic experience for sure that I couldn't help but boast about what a great addition this Market is to the Mountains Edge area!!!!!
3	I went here because my daughter had a sudden craving for ice cream while driving home. Visually the store is pretty small compared to other Asian Market I've been at in Las Vegas. Half the store seemed to be still in under construction. 90% of the store consist of chips, chocolates, snacks, and Asian canned beverages. With my experience when me and my daughter walked in I saw two gentlemen watching TV. the younger gentlemen was nice enough to stop watching TV, greeted me, and waited for us behind the counter. The other gentlemen who was bald, tattooed, in his teens just looked at us like I was below him. Must be the owners spoiled son but we had to walk away when the guy begins to yell and cuss at the show he was watching on TV. I thanked the younger gentlemen for his customer service and the only reason why I gave this store 3 instead of 1 star. Sadly due to that older gentlemen cussing in front of my daughter I will never shop at this place again.
