1	Although I was told my previous entry was quite useful it may have been on the "wordy side".  So, to sum up my experience with Lisa from Next Aesthetics...When ego, greed and self righteousness far outweigh the quality of service and level of customer service and intentions to truly please a good client, it becomes a recipe for disaster. I would find another injectionist.
5	Shannen is the best aesthetician I've experienced.  I'm in my late 50's and have gotten regular facials since I was in my 20's. She is knowledgable, responsive and always looking for ways to make my skin healthier.  Through Shannen, I've gotten to know Maureen.  She too is highly skilled at what she does.  I particularly like that she listens to her clients needs and does what is best for them as individuals.  I trust them both to do what's in my best interest and do it with great skill.
5	Recently I completed 3 facials with Shannen and cannot believe how clear and younger my skin looks.  I've been in the Valley for 13 years and have searched for a great aesthetician and finally found Shannen.  I've gone to many spas, salons, and dermatologist but was never happy with the results.  I am now!  She is not only thorough, she's nurturing, which I feel is very important.  I constantly get compliments on my skin!  Thank you Shannen!
5	Let me begin by saying that this is a testimonial to help women (and men) who are looking to revitalize, rejuvenate or enhance their skin and/or appearance AND are unable to find a consistency in their results.For the past 4 years I've bounced from aesthetician to medical spa and back around, seeking the most skilled person I could find-And TRUST.I don't live in AZ, in fact I found Maureen and Shannen by happenstance while visiting a good friend one weekend. Now, I fly to AZ just to see Maureen. That's how good she is. Here is what I know to be true:Maureen: The most skilled EYE and HAND for injectables.She is the most thorough I've ever encountered and explains the WHY and HOW for YOUR face type.  An absolute artist and mastermind at what she does. I assume that's why models and actors make up a portion of her loyal clientele. Shannen: Truly a master aesthetician. Finally, after 7 years of facials, chemical peels, photo facials etc.....I've found someone I can trust. Finally, a photo facial that WORKS!!!! Service is BEYOND excellent. Words of advice: Beware of FAKE 1-STAR Yelp reviews... Shame on you...Do your homework. Schedule a consultation.
5	I have had two wonderful services. Shannen worked miracles on my skin.  It was looking dull and dry and she brightened it up with a facial and light peel.  I also went to Maureen for Botox.  It was my first Botox experience and she talked me thru everything and even followed up with me.  Maureen was fantastic.  The best part was how amazed I was with the results.  I could not be happier with the smooth skin and it was a great first time experience.
5	I highly recommend this place!  I get my service done by Shannen she is awesome.  She gives me facials and is very particular about her work.  For everything that she dose to my skin she is very reasonable priced.
