5	Advice for any Sprint user dont call their Customer Service and definitely DO NOT go to a 3rd party store! MOST say Sprint on them but their are only a hand full of official Sprint Nextel store's in the Valley and you should get to know them they have repair in house now too. It is dope. I went thru hell trying to get a repalecement on the old mans new Instinct. They were out of stock everywhere and it was defective what do you do?? They gave me a brand new replacement here within minutes they even gave me the entire box with all the batteries, chargers, etc. The girl was so helpful unlike ANYTHING I have ever exerienced with Sprint seriously. I wont be wasting my time anymore! I will never go anywhere else I have wasted so much precious time over the phone and at other stores!!
1	I purchased my phone October 2009 and have been completely frustrated since. It took me over 6 months and countless emails, faxes and phone calls to collect my rebate. Then my first phone was swapped out several times because it did not work correctly! Then one week before our vacation oversees, I was informed that the phone sold to me was not GSM compatible and would not work in Europe. The person who sold me the phone lied to me in order to get me to purchase a more expensive phone that was of no use to me while traveling abroad. So, then I had to pay even more money to get a GSM compatible phone in time for my travels to Europe. Then while in Europe my phone was not able to text, so I spent countless hours and days trying to work with tech support who was unable to help me. When I came home I had a bill for several hundered dollars because I was forced to make calls instead of text. Since then, my new HTC Pro 2 has been swapped out and I continue to spent a rediculous amount of time at this store trying to get some part of my phone to work properly.. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME WITH SPRINT!!!!
3	I have no issues with calling plan, I get good signal strength where I expect to. The employees, whether in the store or on the phone, are always friendly and certainly TRY to be helpful.My issue is this. I have the HTC Evo. It's a great phone but there are definitily some bugs in it. I have taken it to three Sprint Stores (REAL Sprint stores, not Authorized Dealers) and got no answers from any of them. The first store told me flat out that they didn't know. At the second store, one of the reps that had the same phone said his phone does the same thing I was complaining about and I would "just have to live with it or get a different phone". I had the most hope at the third store. I told the rep my problem and he said instantly "Oh that happens from time to time, in order to fix it just do yadda yadda yadda" He was so confident and I felt relieved and went to lunch to try what he told me. Didn't work. Went back told him, he pulled a manager over. They told me to call technical support. Four calls and 3 hours later I was told to give up for now, but because of all the problems they were having, Sprint and HTC would be reprovisioning (?) something or the other over the next 24-48 hrs. It seemed like just a way to get me off the phone. But, thankfully, the rep was true to her word. 48 hours later, HUGE difference. Still a few minor bugs but they're almost unnoticeable.Glad the phones working now, but it only seems to be working because of whatever HTC and Sprint did to reprovision sometihng. As nice as all the employees I talked to were, they were absolutely no help in solving my problem. Still have to give them an A-OK though.
4	This Sprint Service Center is quick, fast, and the employees are NICE!  The phone we took in for service was not "broken" but they cleaned the phone and the charging area and gave us a new wall charger line.  We are in and out in about 1 hour!  SWEET!
5	We recently upgraded our Sprint phones and added a line. Angel was our rep and we couldn't have received better service, anywhere. She worked with us over two days, patiently explaining the benefits and strengths of each phone. Our youngest daughter was excited about getting her first cell phone, and Angel worked with her to ensure she got the best phone within our budget. She was thrilled with what she got and we were confident we got the right products for us. Thank you, Angel!
4	Rating is for the store- not the products and definitely NOT the coverage!This can be a damn busy store! The staff do their best with the wait list and they encourage making an appointment ahead of time.They do their work exceptionally fast and turned me around in less than ten minutes when I needed to activate a new phone and move contacts from my old phone to the new one. While most nearby businesses close at 9, they lock the doors at 8, so don't let that throw you.
1	Worst customer service ever!After upgrading a phone and having it directly shipped to the store I proceeded to the store to pick up the phone.  The store told me that they did not have my phone and foe me to call customer service.  Which I did.  Sprint Customer Service looked in their system and advised me that the phone was indeed at the store.  I returned to the store only to have the employees at the store tell me that their online counterparts were wrong and that they did not have the phone.  This led me to having to contact customer service yet again........  Customer service then advised me that they would contact the store directly to get the problem straightened out...... But their own customer support had to come back on the line and apologize to me because nobody in the store would answer their phone.  Now they know what its like for customers who try to get a hold of the store.  Customer service called the store multiple times finally getting someone to answer the phone.Sprint Online blames the Sprint store and the Sprint store blames Sprint Online.  Customer still waiting for resolution........I have had Sprint for over ten years and the problems with this company just seem to grow every year.  Maybe its time for a change.  A change to another service provider.
2	Obviously we all know Sprint is still "working" on their tower upgrade in Glendale but this store has gone downhill. Walked in today 6 employees literally standing around chatting. Brian helped me but we could tell he hates his job..it shows. Horrible attitude, poor customer service skills. Their network is horrible! I even overheard an employee mention she's afraid she'll be fired due to customers complaining about the network and how dead this Sprint store is now compared to a year ago.
5	I have to say I got great customer service from the Assistant Manager David. I  was visiting my grandpa in Arizona and my microphone on my HTC stopped working. I looked  up this store online and it was very close to where I was staying. The store was busy when I walked in so it was about a 5 minute wait to get helped. I was asked what the problem was and told him people can't hear me when I talk. He tested it and found the same problem. He said he was going to give it to the tech and asked if anything else was wrong and I told him the front camera was pixelating. I left the phone for an hour or so which was fine. Came back and the phone was waiting with all issues fixed. Fast and friendly.I was happy that David didn't try and sell me a new phone because my contract was almost up. Thanks for the service!I would recomend
1	Garbage garbage garbage..... worst service in America I do not recommend for any one....
1	Not very helpful.. I've been lied to by representatives at this location. They never answer my questions. I only liked one person he isn't always there. Props to the manager he actually makes his employees work when he's there and he was very nice when he helped me. I feel bad he's surrounded by such incompetent people.
1	If I could give no stars I would. I upgraded my phone online, paid for it and then selected to pick up in store with a reservation. When I got there the retail rep Sophia was quite helpful but ran into issues because the account is an employee account and it was requiring her to select a new plan. I selected a new 2yr agreement so I wouldn't lose my unlimited premier friends and family plan. After 25 min waiting for help from the employee care department, the manager Zach took over. Just when it seemed like my daughter might actually walk out with her phone, Zach proceeds to tell me that I owe another $440.00. I told him I paid in full and he gave me the excuse that he has limitted access to employee accounts even though I already converted to the new friends and family program. He told me I'd have to go home and call the employee care department to change to shipping option. I get that this is a new process but this guy is the manager and he didn't try to resolve it, he just tried to get me out of his store. I called employee care and they confirmed that the store should be able to complete my purchase and suggested i ask for a mamager.  When I explained that this store's manager didn't know how to, she connected me to order suuport who sent me to the Sprint store at Metro Mall. Store associate Aaron had no issues at all completing my order!Don't go to this store, it's a serious waste of time. The management and staff need to get some updated training.
