5	I definitely have a crush on Waffle Crush. This truck is not serving up your average waffle with maple syrup. They are thick, similar to a Belgian waffle and they'll load your waffle with chocolate, ice cream, whipped cream, fruit, Nutella - whatever you like. They also have this topping called Biscoff that is awesome. It's kinda like Nutella but better. It's made from cookies and has a bit of a peanut butter-like taste. Try it, you'll like it.I got a Biscoff and banana waffle with whipped cream. When they brought it out I thought they messed up and gave me ice cream instead. No joke! I've never had whipped cream like this - it was so thick! And delicious, duh. It's very rich and filling. This is not an every day waffle unless you have an iron stomach and run marathons. But as a treat, it's indulgently awesome.This truck is a great addition to the growing food truck community. Get out there and support good food, people!
5	Amazing Waffles! Follow them on Instagram and Twitter to find out where they are at. Totally worth ANY drive!
5	Waffle Crush is super great!  They park at a school near my house about once a week and my two year old (who doesn't say many words yet) learned the word "waffle" after his first visit.The waffles are uncomplicated and hot.  Little chunks of sugar are found crystallized throughout the waffle which is amazing and they have so many different combinations to choose from for toppings.I usually go with the standard banana and Nutella toppings, but they have a Biscoff topping that you have to try before turning your nose up at it.  You probably don't even know what Biscoff is so why not try it?  Biscoff are cookies that are ground up into a spread - it's cookie spread!  It's amazing; try it.On New Year's Eve, my wife found out that Waffle Crush was open until 1am and we drove 30 minutes out of our way just to stop by and get some waffles.  They are that good.They do take credit cards which is great; they have an iPad with a card reader so as you order, they will punch your order into the iPad, it gets sent automatically to the chefs in the truck, and they run your card.  It's super easy and convenient.I would recommend ordering your waffle in a to-go container.  It's a little bit easier to manage and if you don't finish the whole waffle (they're pretty small anyway) you can close it up and take it home with you.
4	Well, there are (at least) two new Waffle Trucks in town: Waffle Love AZ and Waffle Crush. Both have opened within the last month-ish and they both seem to like parking in my back yard (not complaining!) Being lovers of waffles (particularly waffles of the amazingly sweet, sugary leige-sort), we of course needed to give both a whirl.I believe that I read that Waffle Crush is run by some ladies from Queen Creek. We've visited them most often in the parking lot of the American Leadership Academy at Greenfield and Pecos - it is a pretty diabolical location as it is directly on our way pretty much any/everywhere as we head to the freeway. My young son now identifies that intersection as "Waffle" any time we pass it. They have also joined the Power Ranch Farmers Market one Wednesday, which was phenomenal as my grandmother could walk over to grab a waffle with my son (nothing else is really within close walking distance here) Location: The two locations we've visited have been nice - American Leadership Academy's parking lot has been empty of normal traffic during the times that we've gone, which means that the only cars there are there for the Waffle truck. There's plenty of space to park and a big clear area around the truck itself where you wait. There is also a nice park just across the street, which can be a scenic place to enjoy your waffles if you don't enjoy the eat-standing-up-or-in-your car experience. The Power Ranch Farmer's Market was also nice, with a big grassy area nearby and sidewalk on the side of the truck where you ordered. Both options were well lit and they often have several lawn chairs set up for some guests to sit in while they wait. Process: The lines are long - this is a fact. The waffles take awhile - also a fact. You generally order when you get to the window, they take your name, run your credit card on the iPad. There is a spot to provide a tip BUT I noticed that they only offer you set tip options (15%, 20%, 25%) ... not a huge fan of this as it is not a table service restaurant (they are handing me my food through a window) and so a 20 or 25% tip is WAY HIGH for the amount of actual service provided. Even 15% is a lot when 3 waffles will run you almost $25, which means that you're leaving a $4 or $5 tip for the lowest percentages. The Menu: Your basic option is the yum-tastic Liege Waffle. They do something unique in that you can order a chocolate-filled waffle, which seems to be a waffle that is somehow layered with chocolate in the middle; yummy but SO sweet. They have some great suggested waffles - the "Berry" is my go to, with Biscoff, Strawberries, and Whipped Cream (the thick, real whipped cream that is almost like icecream but soft and a perfect topping) "Nana" is another favorite in our family, with Bananas, Nutella, and Whipped Cream. They have the "Mellow" which is s'moresish with chocolate filling and toasted marsmallows, and the perfect option for my son and grandmother who don't go overboard - the Cinnamon Sugar, which is simply the waffle rolled in a Cinnamon Sugar mix. The Goods: The waffles are delicious Liege waffles that use special waffle irons that caramelize the sugar on the waffles providing a crispier, sweet exterior that contrasts the soft and fluffy interior perfectly. There is something to their batter that isn't my favorite - a slightly sharp after taste that sometimes puts me off, but is usually pretty well masked by the toppings so it's not that big of a deal. The toppings are delicious and the combinations they suggest are all creative and tasty.Service: We've been several times and the faces seem to always be the same people, which is nice! They go out of their way to be friendly, and on one night where we arrived early when there wasn't much of a line, we even got a little overview and sample of the Biscoff spread form one of the proprietors. Overall - They seem to have a good grasp on their concept and provide an excellent end-to-end experience from location to menu to service. Their prices are a little bit higher and again, the tip thing is slightly annoying, but given the choice we definitely would return here as often as they're close by! They have a punch card that we'll definitely make use of :)
4	My son wanted to try this today as a birthday treat. Delicious !  We got the berry waffles and wow--tastebud explosion!  $7.50 was a bit pricey, so next time I will sneak out without all four kiddos!
5	Best. Waffles. Ever. My company had these guys cater breakfast for us and I fell in love. Sought them out again at the Gilbert Farmer's Market with my youngest daughter and was not disappointed. I always have the Nana and it's just about my favorite breakfast ever. Super filling. First one I had took me over an hour to eat. If you see this big, pink truck, grab a waffle. You'll thank me later.
3	I visited the truck for the first time a few weeks ago when they were parked at ALA across from the new Gilbert Temple. My friend and I split the berry waffle and we're glad we did. It was delicious, but SO sweet!! I don't know how people eat these as a meal - they are way more of a dessert. The line was rather short (maybe 9 people ahead of us) but it took at least 45 minutes for us to order and get our waffle.  That alone will prevent me from making this a regular stop.Was it good? Absolutely. Was it pricey? A little $7. Would I recommend? Absolutely - you must try at least one!
5	Loved the Waffle Truck! It is totally worth it! I got the banana Nutella with fresh cream and it was to die for! Hopefully I run into them again!
3	Unlike it's line, I'm going to keep this short.  Tasty but small, expensive and slow.  Maybe worth going back every now-n-then for a date night dessert but no more frequent than that.
3	I had the opportunity to try Waffle Crush recently at an event. My sister has been waiting patiently to find an event nearby by following WC through Instagram...plus she might have a slight waffle obsession. The line moved quickly and the menu of options ranges from pre-made creations to a "build your own" concept. The "Nana" with it's banana and nutella goodness looked too good to pass up so we ordered that and a can of soda, which was a total of $8. After a 10 minute wait, the waffle came out. Between the 2 of us, we didn't finish the plate because it was so rich and the waffle was very dense. I can't say I didn't like it but I won't be spending $7 any time soon to get another one. Oh well.
3	I really, REALLY wanted to like this and I did...sort of.  I guess it is fair to say that maybe I just don't love Leige waffles.  They are very sweet and I think I prefer the belgian sort.  That being said, I did like it but it is very dense and filling.  I ordered a strawberry and creme waffle.  We ordered right away with little to no line to order but it took a good 20 minutes to get our waffles.  There is no seating whatsoever as the truck moves from location to location.  We stood while waiting as well as eating.  The truck seems very clean and that is something I look for in food trucks.   I'd like to try a couple different varieties and definitely will share next time!
5	Where have you been all my life, Waffle Crush?! I finally tracked them down & ordered myself the Mellow (nutella filled waffle topped with biscoff, toasted marshmallows & homemade whipped cream on the side).  This was so phenomenal! I'm almost glad they don't come to the WV often because it would be harmful to my waist & my wallet.   I saved some for the next day & it was just as amazing. Sigh, I'm dreaming of you now, Mellow!
5	WOW! This was my first time eating from a food truck and I can't wait to do it again! It was insanely delirious and fresh! We got the Berry waffle and Mallow waffle. To Die For!!! Don't be fooled, they are very filling!
4	I had my first waffle crush today! It was delicious. I went with the berry which is a waffle with strawberries and cream w/ biscoff which was SO good. Kids got raspberry with ice cream and a make it yourself with chocolate, strawberries, and ice cream. The ladies in the truck were super nice, and it only took a few minutes to get our waffles. Good thing too because a line was starting to form :)The 4 star review is because of price. I thought $7.50 was a little steep... Everything else was a 5 star treat.
2	Slow, pricey, not a great waffle, we didn't end up eating it.  The fresh whipped cream was good though.  Went to grab a quick bite for my daughter and I at the Gilbert Farmers Market this morning.   Waited and waited, went and bought veggies, came back, waited, waited.  I am a patient person but man that was a crazy long wait for a waffle.  That's all they make!  They should have it down by now!  Lol!
5	I finally managed to get my hands (and taste buds) on one of these glorious waffles and I loved every inch of them. My family and I tried The Berry, The Scoop, and we made one with raspberries and cream cheese frosting. All three were fantastic, but the first two were by far the best. I could've used a little more cream cheese frosting on mine (it was drizzled over the raspberries). However they pile on the whip cream and vanilla bean ice cream so there's plenty to go around. Waffles themselves have a nice sweet edge, and are crispy on the outside while being almost gooey and dense on the inside. It's delicious. Like, really delicious. If you haven't tracked these people down yet, start right away! (Biscoff is a spread made from gingerbread-like cookies that is fantastic, just so you know.)
2	I was so excited to finally try a waffle from Waffle Crush.  Unfortunately, it was not as great as I anticipated. I ordered a plain waffle with blueberries and fresh whipped cream. The cream was excellent and the blueberries were good, but the waffle itself really did nothing for me. It was nice and crispy on the outside, the inside was very dense and thick. It had a faint yeast flavor, but I thought it could have used more salt. It was a letdown. They look wonderful, but if you are going to be selling waffles they ought to be amazing on their own. I suspect all the toppings (Nutella, chocolate, Biscoff) just cover up the blandness of the waffle.  I'll stick to my own waffles I make at home.
5	Delicious dessert waffles.  Several toppings to choose from: fruits, creme, ice cream, biscoff, nutella, etc.  I prefer the strawberry or peaches ones.  Be sure to follow them on Facebook or their other social media for their location schedule.
3	As a power ranch resident I go to the farmers market every Wednesday with my son and get a nana waffle from you guys. This evening I was thrilled that I finally get my "free" 10th waffle. When come to find out that it's not actually free, more like 1/2 off because I still owed money. Just want to let you know that it's false advertisement to offer something for free when it's actually not. I spend $7+ dollars on a waffle and tip a couple bucks Everytime. My "FREE" waffle should be of that same value. You just lost a customer and my word of mouth advertising for your food truck.
3	The waffles from mywafflecrush are very comparable to waffleluv, which to my surprise was not quite as delectable. The waffles didn't have quite the pearl sugar crunch and sweetness that a Liege waffle should; It had a yeasty taste to it. My mindset is if I'm going to pay $8 on a waffle, it better taste authentic. I'm a poor college gal. Still, the berry waffle satiated my sweet tooth!
5	So delicious! We love the whip cream, biscoff, and berries...you can't go wrong with whatever you order from here!
5	If you go now, you can get the pumpkin cheese cake waffle!!!These are the bomb!  Cheese cake and waffles in the morning is a delight! This truck has a lot to offer as far as delectable treats go.  Cinnamon, sugar, handmade whip cream and everything nice!  They are also super fast!  Check the schedule and see where you can catch them next! :)
5	Good stuff.....crispy on the outside, and a soft warm cooked yet, doughy in the middle.  Topped with fruit and nutella.....yum!
