4	Friendly leasing agents!
1	I lived there recently and the place is older and rundown a bit.  I had a big problem when I left as far as them charging me for things that were out of my control.  They claimed that I did not pay for certain things when I signed up but I had proof and they still charged me and put a lawyer on me.  The only real positive was the location.  I say the manager of that place needs to know what customer service is and for about the same price you can live somewhere much nicer with better amenities.
5	I have lived at The Equestrian for 4 years now, In the beginning it was a little cold and impersonal.  I was coming from Chicago Italian Neighborhood. Ya know where growing up ya just stood outside and yelled "CAN KATHY COME OUT AND PLAY?  I had never lived in an apartment before. I had always known my neighbors and this sounds corny and I am not 100 years old...but I know my neighbors well enough to borrow sugar from.I like that.The Old Management  took some time to warm up to.I think before people really kept to themselves.I met a neighbor the first week we were here while I was walking my dogs. We had a nice chat. I asked about the neighborhood, the neighbors, etc. She said she had lived there 8 years I was the first person that she ever had a lengthy conversation with. That was 4 years ago.  She has since moved out but we continue to be friends. But, Selena is a very hands on Manager and she leads by example. She really cares about the Complex that we call home. So the staff has the same concern and respect for the people who live here. Theresa  the assistant manager,  Well, she's the only one who is still here since we moved in and I adore her. She does a great job and she makes me feel like family.  The other leasing agents, Deanna and Lillian are so pleasant and very experienced. Like I said first apartment girl here....lots of questions even when we have to renew the lease.Stop by for a tour they usually have great specials and  be sure to tell them Kelly C , Bob & Hank sent you. They currently  have apartment homes available one bedroom one bathTwo bedroom, 1 bath 2 bedroom 2 bath.I AM NOT a paid Spokesperson just want to share our good fortune with you guys out there.It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood...won't you be my neighbor??? And Nope, I'm not a crazy woman either.Best part....They allow pets and there are lots of grassy areas to walk you dogs.It is just a nice place to live and if you like living in a "neighborhood" this is your place. I'm from Chicago and I LOVE IT HERE!!!
1	Not a bad apartment complex as far as the landscaping and ample parking. Lived here for about 1 year and a half in a 1 bedroom and 1 bathroom unit. The insulation is terrible for these houses. The window in my bedroom had a draft which easily raised my electric bill. Staff are somewhat friendly and maintenance responds usually in 2-3 days of your order.What I DON'T like about the Equestrian is that they will KEEP your $200 security deposit. What do I mean about this? Well after I moved out they said they will send me back my security deposit of $200. Guess what? I end up getting an invoice stating that I have the following fees:$75 carpet cleaning$75 apartment cleaning$25 Drip pan replacement$25 Touch up paintWHAT THE HECK? I never wear shoes in the house, nor did I have a single stain on the carpet. When we moved out, we vacuumed the entire apartment and made sure we left NOTHING behind. Drip pan replacement? Touch up paint?? We left this house AMAZINGLY clean. We did not nail ANYTHING to the walls. We also did not scratch the paint on any of the walls either.  Trust me, if you want to give up your $200 security deposit, this place is for you. Either that or paint the entire apartment before you leave and hire people to carpet clean for you even if our carpets are in amazing shape. Good luck to you future tenants, they will attract you with the great landscaping in the front of the apartment complex (just as they do with all Picerne apartments).  Just be ready to give up your $200 security deposit.
1	This is the worst managed apartment I have ever experienced in my 25 years of renting houses and apartments. I rented an apartment in Los Angeles Koreantown 10 years ago from a poorly English speaking around 75 year old lady manages apartments 10 times better than they can. Their policies seems to be meant to take more money from you and I will list the examples. This is the first rental property in my 25 years that requires you give them 60 days notice to move out. The most common notice is 30 days. You are required to give them $200 non refundable for application fees and for whatever else plus $200 refundable when you move out. They state that their apartments are luxury when it is more like the slums. Their quality of kitchen, bathroom cabinets and sinks are the lowest that they break down so many times. I have had my kitchen drawer fall apart 3 times in a year. Their maintenance is a different story. My ice maker broke down and they came to fix it but to leave blood smears/drops all over my freezer and even on my ice. The apartment reps will greet you with a real smile and once you sign the contract, it is fake smiles until you move out. I wonder almost every day how did the assistant manager got the job when she does not know crap about managing. I will be advising my friends and families to avoid the Picerne rental properties. I would recommend my enemies if I had any to stay there because they will make their lives miserable. You will thank me. I am pretty sure I am not the only one they have screwed over. There are cars in the parking lot that have not been moved in months gathering spider webs as if it is a junk yard. I can go on and on but you get the picture. Avoid at all cost! They charged me $65 for the cleaning fee when it should have been part of the $200 non-refundable.
1	The landscaping is nice, the office people are somewhat nice. But the maintenance people are downright rude. They take the leaf blowers and blow leaves on your patio when your sitting there claiming that they didn't see you. Even when they look right at you. Then there's an older guy that woke me up around 7:30am banging on my door and was yelling at me asking me who owned a black truck that was parked out front. When I said I didn't know, he yelled at me even more. Then, my dishwasher stopped working and it took them about a month to replace it. I've only lived here for not even a year and I'm not impressed. I don't recommend this place.
5	I was moving from Los Angeles to Las Vegas and looked at countless apartment complexes and ultimately chose The Equestrian. The leasing process was easy and quick and I set a move in date for early December. Upon arriving and taking control of my apartment the washmachine had a leak which saturated the carpet. I called the leasing office immediately and spoke with Sabrina who helped me with everything prior to move in and told her the problem. Within 15 minutes she had maintenence out there removing damaged carpet, fixing damegs to the walls, cleaning, and drying the affected area. Since I wasnt able to move in immediately they accomadated me with a place to stay until the apartment met their, and my, move in standards. I must say that Sabrina, the leasing office, and management went above and beyond with fixing the problem and made my move as painless as possible. I love the location, price, management, and the overall quality of The Equatrian and would recomend it to anyone.
