1	I was excited because it was close to home but disappointed with the bad service. I was called suplado because i voiced my opinion and they were talking shit about me in tagalog. Wanted to give it no stars but prices are cheaper then most pinoy stores
5	Yeah!! Love this place. Been there several times for lunch and have not been disappointed. The ampalaya, the sinigan, the sisig, and kaldereta have all been on my plate. Plus, the market and meats are very handy.
4	I have been to the other location on Maryland pkwy so I was expecting this to be buffet style.  First it's inside of the Filipino store and has a small area for seating, there are 7- 4 seat tables that line the window side and the food counter runs about the same length.  It's a small area but I was surprised at the amount of choices they had.  I ordered the salmon sinigang and pinakbet, they were both really good.  Price : 1 item = $4.99 +tax2 item = $5.99 +tax
4	Seriously good Filipino food. Better than I've had in some restaurants that charge twice as much. They've got the recipes down, and service is super fast.
1	Very disappointed in the portion of food. We ordered a 2 item with the nilaga, the bowl that they use for a second item is for a size of a salsa cup. It's the tiniest "bowl" we've ever seen.  Needless to say, there was one meat and a potato in the tiny bowl. The kare-kare is made of pata instead of oxtail which is hard as a rock. The sisig was okay. And to top it all, the server is rude! Completely lost my appetite.
4	Good stuff! Swabeng busog! Masarap! Kaya kumain na kayo dito! I highly recommend this place!
2	If it weren't for their location just a block away and on my drive home I would take my business elsewhere.  The workers seem so unhappy and annoyed - except for the nice man working the meat counter. The food is decent but their attitude always makes it less appetizing.  Not to mention I always reheat my arroz caldo because the chicken is not thoroughly cooked so be careful!!!
2	Food is decent, service could use a tune up
