5	You see one Costco you see them all right? Maybe - - This location also has a Gas Bar on site, so that's an extra savings to you when you need to fill up you car or truck as their gas is always lower than the other retailers.This location is good. Easy parking and access to get into and out of parking lot.If you didn't know already, a tip on Costco pricing:Items with a price finishing with $$.97 indicates that this item did not sell as quickly as expected and Costco is trying to clear it out. In other words, this is time to buy the item (if it is something that you need/want).
5	A one stop-shop?? how can that be bad. There's gas, food, furniture, school supplies... the list goes on and on. If you need big quantity and don't want to pay a ton, this is the place to go. Why would I pay $5 for a small far of Mayo at IGA when I can get a HUGE jar for the same price at Costco? And if you're ever hungry and wanna grab a bite at the "fast food resto" in there, the poutine's there and the hot dogs are AMAZING!!! (just don't try the turkey sandwich.....)
5	I don't shop at Costco often but when I do, I'm always impressed.I came here most recently to get passport pictures done as they have the cheapest price: 6 $ compared to 10$ anywhere else.Things that are most worth the price and quality: anything in the optometry section, laptops, clothing (every now and then they'll have some great brand name items like Rudsak coats, Calvin Klein fashion, etc), cheese, bread, pastries, vitamins, and anything by the Kirkland store brand.Just because everything is in bulk does not mean you're getting a great deal, so for those that shop around and compare flyers weekly, you'll know there are many other deals when it comes to fresh produce for example.This is such a fun place to shop at and there are always so many food samples and demos to try before you buy.Even the bathrooms are fun, they have Dyson airblade hand dryers!As others have suggested, they have great pizza/hotdogs/poutine that also come in massive portions if you're looking for something to eat or take home.Drawback, they do not take regular credit cards, only their American Express
