5	I had a great time clubbin at pure. get in line EARLY. i mean early. the lines on fri and sat nights are insane. if you don't want to wait in line, bribe the bouncer and he'll get you in quick. drinks aren't that strong...the setup of this huge club is pretty neat. the reason why i give it five stars is because i got to see and smile at mario lopez, (ac slater from saved by the bell)...such a cutie!!! oh and those dimples...
3	ughhh. I did NOT like PURE. We were there on Jan 1st last year, right when the place opened, and it was disappointing. The staff was still confused about what they were supposed to be doing, their VIP booths are too dark and poorly layed out... and although there is plenty of ventilation in the main room, the red velvety room has practically no air at all. Also, sponsored by Celine Dior. ummm - NO!Three stars because they really REALLY tried.
3	very pretty with roofdeck and all but sort of pretentious and i'm not sure why because it seemed to me that they let just anyone in off the street.
5	There's really no way to describe the place without experiencing it. It's definitely one of the coolest clubs I've ever been to. The drinks are definitely pricey, but the eye candy, mouth candy, or whatever floats your boat makes it worthwhile. They really should change the name of this place to PURE DEBAUCHERY. Thanks to Harrahs MBA poker tournament, we got to go in early, and they had an open bar for 2 hours.  Of course, when you ask for water, you will get a 9 dollar plutonium container, called Voss. So I had 9 bottles of water along with all my drinks.  Pretty much every time you walk to the bar, you will be out 20 bucks. That said, the views of the strip are amazing and it remains one of favorite places in Vegas..
3	Definitely a cool space...I loved the different rooms and the huge patio overlooking the strip.  However, our table was in a crap location, and we were limited in the number of people we could have in the area.  They guard it like they're in the military, and if you don't have the right stamp, well too bad for you.  Also it was insane the number of people they have in there.  Make sure you're not wearing too much, since the air flow was awful.  It's a lot more pleasant to hang out outside.  Also, getting in was awful...even with a hook up.We saw some famous faces there, which was fun!
1	This place is horrendous...from the moment your walk in to hear Queen singing "We will rock you" to the over packed dance floor with people screaming along to the song that I only want to hear at sporting events.  The people were completely obnoxious.  We couldn't leave fast enough.  Stear clear of this waste of money.
4	Called the HOTTEST Club in the Nation by a local (expiration date 2/20/06) this place actually hosted Paris Hilton's 25th birthday party the night before we went.Um, Paris I have not moved and we all know you have my address, so where was the invite?I digress, apparently Paris and Nicky made quite a mess the night before because the floor was sticky but the beat was moving.The DJ was good not great but the crowd was jumping. It was mostly hip hop, old skool, early 80s rock mash ups. DJ AM spins here on Fridays apparently in a similar style.The dance floor reminded me of Amerika in Beunos Aires, though certainly not the same size but the style, bright lighting so you could see everyone and everyone is smiling. Plus this place knows it is cool but guess what for a night you get to be cool too!  With 4 rooms, you can select your style of cool and your type of music.Like any club, Everyone is there, so your hipsters, your guy who got stuffed in his high school locker now acting cool, Rico Suave with his too tight shirt, his out of style too long hair and toothy, lecherous grin at the ladies, your dad straight off the ranch, you grandfather in a neon green sweater with his protruding beer belly, yep they are shaking it large here too.We got in for free and bypassed the line, so I cant speak to that but here's a hint kiddies on getting over the drinks.  Its simple, slightly ghetto but it o so works.  Before you get in line, you go sit at .25 cent slot machine, stick in your dollar and pull away just once, attract the cocktail waitress and order yourself a free drink, maybe two.  When she comes back, this will be at least ten minutes later, you will have racked up a few credits on the machine, tip her what one drink would cost at a normal bar and ask her to go get you another round, finish off your first round while she's gone, maybe put in another dollar, take your second drink, tip her again then walk around enjoy the spectacle, maybe get in line, drop your glass off at the promotions table and you are two drinks in before you walk in the door.   Take that $16 RedBull and Vodka!
3	Nice digs, but lines are too long... Not as hip as one says it is. Been there once, probably wont be back again.
3	One of my favorite clubs in Las Vegas, but lines are long and difficult to get in unless you're with a group of hot girls (and you get there super early - expect to wait at least an hour).  Drinks are expensive but there are always cute guys willing to hook it up.  And there was the performance by the Pussy Cat Dolls - yummy!
4	This is a great venue.  I especially love the mezzanine overlooking the strip.  You're not too high up (as if you were at Ghost Bar), but you're just right so that you still feel as if you're part of the strip.The only thing I had a hard time with was a vodka martini for $20.  The cocktail was very expensive, and I can't even say it's the best I've ever had in my life.  Since the cocktails were so expensive, we went outside, as if to use the bathroom (so there are no bathrooms in the venue itself) and went to the bar in the casino some 150 feet away from the entrance of Pure.  Well this was the smartest move yet, because we went to that bar, got our drinks for about $50 for 4 girls and went back into the club.I shouldn't be complaining about the drinks, because ladies were free and had to only wait for about 20 mins. in line...There's always a lot of good looking people in there, so be prepared to dress to impress!!!
4	dude.  danny masterson from that 70's show dj's here under the name, "donkey pizzle".  and you thought carrot top at the luxor was comedy!  this shit is HILARIOUS!!!
5	I would come here every saturday if I could... it's the best place I've been to in Vegas. It has the Pussy Cat Dolls performing in the lounge and a great patio overlooking the strip. The whole place kind of makes you feel like a celebrity and it's not overly crowded. But my water cost $7!!! For God's sake, get your drinks while you are gambling instead!
4	of course there'll be long lines to get in, but girls-- be cute and friendly, not overly pushy and you'll get in pretty quick... even without being on guestlist!  dunno how we did it, but it worked, we got in for $10 and had such a good time!!there's so many nooks, crannies, even places to sit!!  loved the patio outside... not the best view of the casino across the way...  forgot what it was, cuz it was just a lot of lights at that point in the night:)bartenders were pretty friendly, lots of areas to fill up on drinks and the crowd was pretty fun.  we also saw Dan Aykroyd (he spells his last name so weird!  i had to look it up!)  his friend "took a picture" for us and purposely cut the top of his face off!  bastard!  but anyway,  it was sooo fun to go out with my girls for a totally fun night out!  would def go again!  celeb central?
5	i used to think that there was no such thing as a really great dj.....i mean how good can someone be at playing songs....but UMMMMMM, i was WRONG!!!!  went to pure last friday (yes, the same night that denise richards participated minimally in the private pussy cat dolls show....which i attended) and it was AMAZING!!!! i don't even like going to clubs....but this was FANTABULOUS!  my enthusiasm may have had something to do with the fact that the gaggle of girls i was with had some friends in the group with pull who got us in the door with no line wait and then swish - right into the vip area.....but all that aside....this place made my night....hell, it made my whole trip to vegas!the main area of the club is beautiful and there were tons of famous people to stare at....the music that was playing was THE BEST I HAVE EVER HEARD and that can all be attributed to DJ AM who was spinning...i think i am in love with that man!  the deck upstairs was breathtaking and the view a showstopper!  the crowd was upscale and decent....the whole place just really was top knotchif/when i go back to vegas.....i will try this one again.....well, only if i can get in without waiting in a line again, that shit is crazy!  and if you go, and the pussy cat dolls are working it, try and get in to see that.....it's entertaining and in my opinion, inspriring!finally, the night culminated with a walk out the door and down the red carpet....can't beat that!
5	Great nightclub - it's worth it to do it up VIP though! Otherwise if you are married it's like fighting off wild boars all night. Love the PCD's. Lots of celebs running through which is fun for all of us compulsive Star/US Weekly readers.
4	I will give this place 4 stars, but I still think that it gets more credit than it deserves. There is a dance floor, an outdoors upstairs with room to chat, 4 bars, and the pussycat dolls performing... but I can't say that it is my favorite place to go. The one good thing about this place is that there is always a line at the door, meaning loads of people inside. However I don't think this place fills up with super fun people, just people who try too hard to experience Vegas.
3	don't let such a big and fabulous club overwhelm ya'll. walk up like you're VIP. well, that's what we do... and we are on VIP haha. but seriously, it's not so hard to get in VIP, for free, or just in the door faster. especially if you're with a group of hot girls... soooo your ticket to getting in. the drinks are crazy priced, but with a table and usually a free complimentary champagne bottle... it's not so bad. find some rich dudes to buy you drinks! lol. i never pay for my stuff unless it's a dead club or something. i sound oh-so superficial right now. it's Sin-City... time to act up, act snooty, act however you damn well please. if you act like you belong in there- the promoters/VIP coordinators can immediately spot you out. they'll WANT YOU in their club. it'll be wonderful if you even had a room in Caesars... because then- you can get plastered, walk up to your room with your NEW FRIENDS you just met... and ever crash or stay up in the jaquzzi, etc. haha.updated: 4/1/07my friends and i had a table reserved and a birthday party planned out in VIP but my group was a "Code Blue". they immediately told us we will not gain access to the club. even if we paid. wow.... were we THAT plastered and obnoxious that we were refused entry? it makes me laugh everytime i think about it.
3	The ranking would be higher if it didn't look like a bad food kitchen on the outside.  The line is ridiculuous.  Everyone pushing their way in.  It's a cool club, but not "that cool".   There was one security guard who was a total prick.  He suggested I get in line and push my way to the front so I can get seated for my table.  Screw you, Dave or Butters, whatever your name is and you should shake ppl's hands b/c there is usually something in there for you.
3	Even though my friend and I got in without a wait and for free, we didn't have much fun here.  The place was packed with plastic looking people with uber-trendy clothing and fake eyelashes.  You know, which is ok, for vegas and all, but it wasn't what we thought it would be.  The drinks are very overpriced (14$ red bull and vodkas) and in order to sit down, at all (and let me tell you most of us ladies were not wearing the most comfy shoes here...) you would have to be a vip (and to get a vip table you have to buy a bottle - bottles start at 425$).  Don't get me wrong, the atmosphere is hott, and the open area upstairs provides a great view of the strip, and this is a place where you just kinda feel like you are one of the rich and famous... We did meet a really nice professional poker champ here, and he did whisk us away to a really fun nightclub in a limo that he paid for, so I guess pure isn't all bad:)
5	Girls - get your flirt on!  I have been to Pure a few times and it never dissapoints.  You don't need VIP access, just go with several hot girls....They won't dare turn you away.  I love that there are rooms for each person's individual taste.  My fav is the outside roofdeck.  I love the dj electronic/trance music.  It's also fun on a hot night when you don't want to be sardined inside.  The drinks are crazy expensive $17 I think it was for a drink...... well lesson learned find someone else to buy them for you!  :)  You can party till the early wee hours unlike here in SF, but I don't have to get up when I am on vaca so it all works.  WARNING - you may have to fend off the opposite sex - like that's a bad thing!  The pussycat dolls never dissapoint and there is such a miriad of people your bound to have fun!  Can't wait to go back soon!  I almost forgot - I ran into Travis Barker from Blink-182 the last time I went - cool guy.
4	One of the best night clubs I've been to. I would recommend getting table service, otherwise you end up standing the whole night. The lines here are ridiculous, even the VIP lines. We got a VIP section on the upper Terrance level, our own bouncer, and own bartender. Service was very good. Bouncer would bring us groups of girls that wanted to sit with us and send them away if we wanted them to go. If you are into house music then the Terrance level is your place. otherwise the main room is more for hip-hop and top hits.
5	I love Pure.  Love it.  It is definitely way too crowded these days (the dance floor in the white room doubles as a mosh pit), but the music is so great.  Unfortunately, they had already sold out of tables in the hip-hop room but that would've been the best option to dance to the hip-hop music without getting trampled.  The rooftop deck is awesome, and the house music isn't too bad (this is coming from a person who really doesn't like house music at all); the view is great and it's nice to get some fresh air.  The waitresses are super friendly and attentive.
4	We came here on Friday night for a bachelorette party. Fun fun, after being squashed in line for 30 minutes, they finally let us 8 girls in for free. This place is pretty cool, but CROWDED! I like the upstairs area on the patio. It was a nice warm night with a nice breeze. I wish they played more hip hop though. Otherwise, my friends and I had a good time. Nice club but PACKKEEEDDD.
2	Sure the VIP thing was cool walking past the suckers who had waited 4 hours to get in, then tipped the bouncer $500 and still had to wait another 20 min. But if you are not going to do bottle service then most of the club is off limits to you. Out side the VIP it is too crowded to dance, drinks are $17+ per weak glass, and there is no where to sit or even lean. If you want to drop a few grand on bottle service to be seen, then this is the place.
4	I have been to this club 2 times, and everytime I have been has been a fun time.  Its probably one of the nicest classy clubs you can go to in Vegas.  I think the highlight of this place is the 3rd floor out door terrace overlooking the strip.  At night its beautiful and it really allows you to just get a breath of fresh air when you are too sweaty and tired from dancing inside.  Venue is just gorgeous.
2	+VIP entrance is always worth 1 star.+Attractive white interior.  Minimalist vibe, sexy lighting.+Mildly famous people milling about, but no one worth getting the panties in a bunch.+Good music -- half the time.+Who doesn't love a good Pussycat Doll?  Heck, I hope to be one someday.- You cannot sit down here.  Or there.  Or anywhere.  And if you do, a bouncer, all in black, wired in to the matrix on a headset will find you and make you stand up.- Unless you are VIP, there is absolutely no where to relax.  And if you know Vegas, then you know your shoes hurt like hell.- Do not take your shoes off.  They will find you, and yell at you.  We spent half of our night f'ing with the bouncers, by removing one shoe and waiting for them to find us in the crowd.
4	Man this was a sleek club.  They had different color themed rooms.  red for pussy cat lounge, white, i believe there was a black one as well.  huge outdoor area in case you get too sweaty.  I remember there was NO place to rest or sit (unless you get a table which is like $2000 + bottle service yeah okay no thanks).  Drinks are expensive (read: $10 shots. WHAT.)  But that's Vegas.  Rockin music, attractive people, no wonder bouncers are such assholes at the doors.  They can afford to turn down 50% of potential clientele. and still have them swarming around the next day.
3	Honestly I should give you one star for not having any place to sit so you can charge guests $300 for a booth w/bottle service! You are lucky that I enjoyed myself at the Pussycat Doll Lounge where I caught a live show by the lovely PCD ladies! You also redeemed yourself by playing a great old school hip-hop set and took it easy with the mash-ups since those get tired after awhile! Also you are generous with the ladies entering - it helps when you are with an arsenal of really cute girlfriends - you let us in for free! But then again you let all those guys in that look like they came right out of NJGUIDOS.COM - you are lucky that I had some fun and gave you 3 stars!
5	if you like to ball out, this is the place to go.  ive been here multiple times and i like it a lot. everytime ive been here (except for once) the ratio was great and girls were attractive.  everyone was having a good time and was drunk.  getting in is the challenge but (especially for me because i despise waiting in line so i usually talk to the bouncers) me and my friends have been lucky considering we are all guys.  ratio is usually even but the quality is what you would come to expect from vegas.  upstairs on the patio is gorgeous and it is a must see.  vip booths downstairs are really fun and it is an instant good time.  i recommend going there when travis barker is there because he puts on a good show.pros:  great vip booths, great crowd, truly feels like vegas, reasonable prices (for vegas)cons:  that one bad night i had?  ALL gold diggers trying to find their way into vip.  what does that leave you?  a really bad ratio on the dance floor if you arent in vip.  but my friends still had fun so i cant say too much.other than that i say go for it
2	Um, ya. Pure? No thanks.For being known as one of the hottest clubs in Vegas, the crowd was very 'eclectic'.  But the worst part? The girl bartenders were all haters!! Even after tipping them well our drinks were weaker than shit. So we stuck to the guys who made them allllll alcohol.+2 stars for no wait, no cover, and VIP access everywhere. But we were girls and Vegas is really kind to girls.
2	I usually get descriptive in my reviews, but this one is easy - OVERRATED.  The decor is trendy - with different rooms and different music including the pussycat dolls lounge, but don't be confused by the wait in the lines - it may take along time to  get in but they don't turn anyone away.  It was packed with greasy folks and I found it incredibly hard to enjoy myself while I was being pushed in every direction.  There are so many things to see and do in Vegas - definitely pass right on by here.
2	I've always had fun here, but I have fun everywhere. Pure is overrated, especially considering all the other places and diversions Vegas has to offer. The crowd always seems to be pretty good, though lots of people give up because of the lines. Obviously, it helps to have some cash to either get in or have fun.
3	No, I'm not complaining about the lines. I was with a few girls and received VIP treatment in the Ladies Line.I might have been able to see why Pure's supposed to be gorgeous - it had a great roof that looked directly into the Strip. It was decorated in white and all fancy shmancy. yippee.Ok can I complain now? Ok. The floor was sticky and dirty. Drunk, crazy people galore. And, anyone knows that at the end of the day/night what really makes a good club/lounge are the people there. So come on, stop letting in the entire visiting population of Vegas! Despite the size, there was no place to dance, to sit, or to stand. And if you get pushed  into the hallways, the bouncers make you squeeze back in.  Pure's got to decide if it wants to be a club with class or a tourist trap. and I'm not a fan of indecisiveness.
5	OKAY I love PURE.I have been six or seven times.I had one really bad time with a bouncer being a jerk, but whatever thats Vegas.Overall, best service, very attentive staff!DONT complain about weak drinks, u get what u get, bartenders dont "hook" people up, standard vegas pours baby.I love the DOLLS, they are always my favorite!!!
2	Pure was disappointing to me because it was way too crowded and the decor and ambiance didn't impress me. Just a bunch of white sheets falling from the ceiling (I guess they go for a sexy woman's bedroom kind of feel, apparently what the bedroom of a Pussycat Doll would look like). They have these huge pictures of Pussycat Dolls all over the place too, which does improve the decor a bit. Btw the line to get in is ridiculous and not worth waiting in. I suggest you either have a better plan of getting in, like you know someone who can get you in, or you go somewhere else like Tao. Get a VIP card so you don't have to pay the cover charge. You might ask, how does one get this card? Well usually employees just pass them out while you roam around the casino during the early evening hours. Also I am pretty sure you could just go to customer service and ask for one. As for the famous view from the roof, I wouldn't know how it looks because when I went up to see the view, I couldn't get close to the balconies because they were blocked by VIP sections. To say the least, I felt really gypped considering that is one of the reasons I went.
5	GET HERE AT 9PM!!!!!went here in july...... wow, best club experience ever...went to TAO on friday night, it was amazing...then on saturday night..Pure hosted the UFC fighters...it was insane...apparently women love UFC fighters because i have never seen so many beautiful women in one room...not sure who made it, but chuck liddel was there...anyhow i knew to get there at 9 pm, we waited about an hour, by the time 10 rolled around, it was chaos, however we walked right in...if yer gonna go to one of the top clubs in the country ARRIVE EARLY!! we walked in and the decor blew me away, u'll understand the name as soon as you walk in...the staff was nice, the patio area has the best view of the strip...i wish i knew the name of the DJ, he was amazing, mixed various styles together, classic rock, 80's, hip hop, amazing!!!...the "bouncers" were nice, they werent mean or had power trips like at other clubs...my friend commented that he wanted to go back to vegas just to go to Pure!! and i agree.....only downside really was the price for drinks..but, u'd have to expect those prices at this venue, worth every penny, when we left, it was 3:30 am, there was STILL a line!! again, arrive early and you will have a great time!
5	HELLLOOOO Vegas! I rolled into Pure right after my flight got in so it was 2am.  Being as I was on the guest list I bypassed the line and didn't even get charged a cover charge.  Drinks were great and I had no trouble flirting my way into having them bought for me (given that these are Vegas priced drinks, this is highly recommended).  The staff was super friendly.  The decor is amazing and the music was off the chain!  Best time EVER at a club!  Too bad it was freezing ass cold because the upstairs, outdoor patio is really cool.  We closed it down at 4:30am and I wish I could have stayed longer.  I hear the lines can be crazy and I've seen them but never had to experience them personally so my recommendation is if you can't get on the guest list, get there early and be prepared to wait.
4	This club has a reputation for being the best night club in the country.  I'll give them that they are pretty good.If there is anything I can't stand, it's disorganization.  The line to this place is complete chaos.  It's a good thing I didn't have to wait in it long.  It's good to know baseball players.  Also, the bouncers have huge sticks up their asses--moreso than any of the other clubs.  But I can see why they'd need to.This club was also pretty dude heavy.  I'm not complaining because it ups my chances of getting to hang out in VIP, but it also ups my chances of getting hit on by some seriously skeezy dudes.  Usually these clubs want lots of ladies, but this place had bachelors everywhere.  Seriously.  Overall, fun nightclub, lots of little rooms and an outdoor area.  Also really fun dance music.  The djs in Vegas are way better than SF djs.  Good times overall, but it didn't quite live up to it's hype.Celebrity sighting--I also saw Dave Navarro.
1	Looking at all the mixed reviews below me, I have to say this place was a PURE waste of fucken time for us ladies.We decided to come here because we couldn't figure out anything else that was none casino bar/club like and so Pure was the place to go.  First of all they had a separate VIP line for the ladies...Which is a plus for Vegas because if you have some tits, ass, and a P#%#Y, then you get in free in most clubs in Vegas.Once we got into the bar it was packed beyond imagination.  I mean it took me 25 minutes to get a drink at the fucken bar is how packed this place was.  I mean imagine going to the flee market on a busy ass Sunday and trying to get through the food court area while the Mariachi band is playing and all the old school Mexican couples are dancing...Yeah aint going to happen.  Like someone said getting a VIP table was much better, and it probably was because the way the club was set us seemed like anywhere they could possibly imagine putting a VIP area they did, which left little dancing room in the club and smaller walkways to get through.  We somehow were able to get upstairs onto the roof top because some guy was taking us to some "man's" VIP area.  I guess the VIP host at this club thought someone was giving it up tonite (wasn't going to be me).  But I thought that was the best place to be at.  It was very chill up there and I don't mean because it was 27 degrees at night in January in Vegas, but because there wasn't all these people trying to get from one place to another in the club.As we were coming downstairs we were looking through the glass at the larger dance floor area and I swear it looked like a bunch of ants that were trapped in a small square area with no where to go.  It was so packed down there.  So I had a fabulous experience of walking around PURE and not being able to dance because well the dancefloor was the walkway and vice versa...It may be better on nights that aren't too overly crowded, but PURE definitely needs to learn to have a little less of that capacity to keep the place going.
1	Horrible, horrible place.  Wannabe Paris Hiltons abound as do the greasy Rico Suave guys with their striped, button down shirts (top buttons undone to expose their drain clogging chest mat.)  Semi-famous hockey players, people palming Benjamins, washed up celebrities (Britney for New Years?!  C'mON!) and the Pussycat Dolls get to cut in line.  Once you're in, you have no idea what all the fuss was about.
5	This club definitely lives up to its name! It is truly one of the BEST in Las Vegas! Wonderful atmosphere, beautiful people, great music and overflowing drinks.....Can't get any better than this! Ladies --- don't stand in line. There is usually a VIP line for ladies before 11pm. Otherwise, good luck --- the line is usually a good 2 hour wait, esp. on a busy weekend! Can't wait to party it up again at Pure!!
5	It's a ridiculous mob scene to get in here-and good luck if you're an unaccompanied male!-but isn't that why you want to go to a club in Vegas? Because of how scene-y it all is? And once our group pushed through the crowds and made it inside, it was a really good time. Great dance music, crowded dance floor but not so crowded you couldn't dance and, okay, yeah, overpriced drinks, but it's Vegas. If you want something cheap, go to a different city. Overall, I think Pure epitomizes the Vegas experience: a ridiculously overpriced scene and a really good time!
4	Hmmmm seems like everywhere you go out dancing the general consensus on your encounter will be- GUYS, STRIPPERS, GUYS WHO LIKE TO GO FOR STRIPPERS , PORN STARS, AND GUYS WHO LIKE PORNSTARS OR DATES ONE, MOVIESTARS OR MOVIESTARS IN THEIR DREAMS,  AND WOMEN FROM WELL...AS FAR FORGOTTEN AS BUCYRUS,OHIO.  Anyhoo- if you fit any of those criteria- get in line and have a blast!
4	we ended up sitting in the vip section on the rooftop terrace with a perfect view of this unusual city.  service is excellent but bottles are more expensive than any club i've ever been to.  very segregated clientelle based on ability to pay for own drinks.  good music, nice crowd.
4	this place is also hot. decor is sleek and who can argue with no wait at all, no charge during primetime on a friday night? i can't. this place also had virtually no wait for drinks, but the shots of patron are dinky in size. on the rooftop, they were playing hooot tracks and the view was pretty nice. had a f*cking blast. just beware of platinum blonde oranginas falling all over you and asking if they can make out with you and your friend in the girls bathroom...bleh
4	just looove this club. Something about the white interior and blue lighting that makes this place so futuristicly sophisticated without being cold or snobby.Only thing that was annoying but that's probably Vegas anywhere after 3am, the guys get rude and desperate and that just isn't attractive unless you're perhaps equally wasted.Otherwise definitly a winner.
1	I went here because everyone I knew was raving about it. Spent 2 hours waiting in line, I could've cut to the front since they have a separate line for girls, but didn't want to ditch my guy friends. When we got in it was very disappointing. Tiny dance floor practically part of the walkway. Small watered down drinks. Nowhere to put the drinks. The pictures are deceiving. Unless you have a VIP table, you won't have anywhere to sit, stand, lounge, dance, etc. Half the club is roped off for VIP, which seems like a waste of space when all the VIP sections are dead empty. Anybody would've been a better DJ. Definitely wasn't DJ AM. He kept playing slow old school hip hop. As relieving as it is to hear some Tribe Called Quest or Ice Cube, it was too slow for a dance club. Plus he didn't know how to transition between songs, so there was a 10-30 second delay between each song, almost like he was playing it off his Winamp playlist. Left after an hour and half. On our way out the security guards held us back and made us wait inside until a C-list so-called celebrity made a grand entrance. Not worth the money or time. There are plenty of other better clubs in Vegas.
1	Tremendous fun if you have a table. If not, you're gonna get squished and have a tough time getting around. It's a huge place, but being the hot spot, they pack it in. I think there are places just as fun out there that can offer you a bit more space. Good music and crowd though, so people keep going back...I would too.Went back May 08 with a reservation for a table. 3 bottle minimum and good balance of guys/girls. Couldn't even get in once we were there. Bouncers were actually asking for $ just to have the pleasure of paying them for 3 bottles. Supposedly a large group of guys got the opportunity by paying 2K, before paying for the bottles. Good for them I guess. Better places around.
2	Like all Vegas clubs getting in is about knowing someone or getting on a list.  Thank goodness I was on a list of some sort or I would've never gotten in (its nearly a fact!).  However, the bouncers / promoter made me feel like my group and I weren't welcome (probably because we had 6 males and 3 females).  A good way to celebrate things here is to get a table, but remember its one of the most lavish, expensive places in Vegas.  There is no doubt that it is gorgeous and certainly a haven for some partying celebs, but for the average joe / jane the scene can get old very quickly.
4	This place is hugely overrated. If I was a guy I wouldn't even bother stepping in here because you will have to wait hours and hours and then pay almost 3 times more than a girl (special events guys are $30, while girls are $10).  The four stars is mostly for DJ AM who was spinning there last Friday for some Laguna Beach Star's bday (Stephen who???). Anyways, DJ AM is amazing and now I understand why girls want to date him and why he gets paid like $10,000 a show. He kept the crowd dancing all night mixing, mashing, and synthesizing all genres of music (80's, pop, electronica, rock, etc.) --I'm definitely now a fan.
3	PURE was pretty fun and the crowd was ok.  We went for my friend's Bachelorette Party and I ended up missing the highlight of the night.  Apparently Nicole (the Bachelorette) bunny hopped over to the Hoff (yes, David Hasselhoff) and tried to freak him but he was not into it.  She got completely denied by the Hoff and it reuined her evening, well at least 10 minutes of it until she rocked out with a group of Bachelors.  I don't know how I missed all the shenanigan.  Oh that's right, I was napping out in the lobby.
3	Went last Friday night.  No problems getting in, but maybe they should have made it a little more difficult because this place could not have been more crowded.  The White Room (yes there are mutiple color-coded rooms) was so packed that you could feel ever goosebump on the person next to you (which is MOSTLY kinda gross).  Nevertheless, its an undeniably cool venue.  Many rooms with different themes and an upstairs terrace overlooking the strip (which would have been a little more sweet had it not been so cold outside).  All in all, not a bad place to party in Vegas, but not one of my favorites either.
3	There's nothing about Pure that really stands out to me. The long lines, the maddening mix of pop and R&B, the frat boys, leering older men, and scantily-clad, barely-legal (yay for you, frat boys and older men) girls flailing wildly about in a drunken state of euphoria. Check, check, check. It's the same thing no matter which club you go to.I will say that Pure is beautiful. That is, if you're a fan of the sterility of a hospital room. Probably beats the grungy grime of a dumpster behind a Waffle House, eh? Anyway, the decor is mostly white, and all right-angles. Hence the name, or due to the name. Whichever came first.The only way to do this club, as with any other nightclub, is to know somebody. And, in my experience, just being on somebody's list is not a sure thing. Become friends with one of the bouncers on the floor, and tell the doormen, "Yeah, I'm here to see _______." Or, even better, just bring Justin Timberlake with you. That'll probably speed things up a bit.
3	The problem with PURE is that it's "THE" place to be in Vegas...well, at least one of them. That means you stand in line for an hour trying to get in (which you can bypass by greasing the bouncer.) Once you're in, drink prices aren't...ridiculous, but they are pretty high. I've been there twice--the first time they were filming the movie "Redline" and me and my buddy actually snuck on set and ended up partying with the cast. The second time was extremely lame because it was so packed that we couldn't do anything except for move back and forth from bar to bar. If you've never been to PURE, go there...but just expect long lines and cramped spaces.
5	We were waiting at the back of the line and it really looked bad for us to even get in at all. We were there at 11PM because we took too long with dinner at the Wynn Hotel. A few of us were thinking about going somewhere else and then my friend's husband went to the front. All I can say is it is good that you know someone that know's someone. 5 minutes and we were in. We were there the weekend of March 23 for March Madness and this place happened to have a Pussycat Dolls theme in and out of the club. Lots of hotties everywhere. I got slugged a few times by my friend who was a girl or was it me stepping on my tongue walking around. 2 rooms and an upstairs bar and VIPs and for some odd reason, Kevin Federline Happy Birthday wishes in the main room all night long. Amazing music, Amazing place, some stupid people, some hotties, soooo many drinks. Too bad the night ended so early, where did the sun come from. ha ha.
3	Not impressed at all...  I must admit...  The operations of this club needs some serious thought and attention.  Outside of the club there is nothing but chaos to get in.  It does not matter if you are on the list or have a bottle service.  After eventually getting in (and being late for the bottle service) we were given a shitty table and because that was all that was available we decided to not do the bottle service.  The managers were actually nice about it and did let us stay and have fun in the club but I must say it was not that much fun.  The downstairs had a cool layout and the walk to the upstairs balcony was pretty cool but the people there were not very cool.  All in all I do not know how to make it clear that this was not the best place to be but give it a try if you can and I must say if you are going to have a bottle service make sure you get a table upstairs and outside.  That is the best place to be for one of those.. good luck all... ( I did get complemented on my dress about a million times so that made up for some of the night and the bouncer on the way out stopped me to tell me I was beautiful so if anything I got an amazing ego boost at this place so that is a plus but the club itself is only so so)
4	The roof deck was great. Fantastic dj spinning great music and a decent dance floor. The only problem was that apparently on Saturday nights they are not very discriminating on who gets in as the crowd was mediocre at best. Packed with women who need a make-over.
1	This is the most ridiculous excuse for a nightclub I've ever known.I was here on a Saturday night, and I was on the "list". Apparently "the list" means that you have to stand on a seperate area of the hotel with about 150 other people who are also on "the list", and be pushed around, stepped on, elbowed in the eye, and generally accosted.I have never felt like such a loser in my life waiting in this crowd for an hour and a half trying to push themselves to the front. The only way that anyone was getting in was by slipping the bouncer (who was the true meaning of a cocky moron) a $100 bill. Pathetic.We eventually got in, but they still charged my hubby $30 bucks, so this "list" really doesn't mean ANYTHING.Once inside, the rooftop deck was cool, but in order to stand by a heat lamp (it was cold out), you had to have a table. Otherwise, they just shooed you away. 2 drinks cost us $25, and I just had enough. After waiting in line for an hour and a half, I left after 10 minutes.Basically, this place sucks unless you're willing to drop $500+.Too bad, it really has potenetial.
3	So I really love Vegas.  And I don't think I could have an unsatisfactory trip there.  Seriously.But I was slightly unimpressed with Pure.  It might be that there was a ton of hype built up around it and the drinks were WAY overpriced, and I really just wanted to gamble, but I think the management could do better...Ambiance: The multi-level setup, decor, colors, lighting, indoor / outdoor combination etc. at Pure is impressive.  They made good use of the space and there's a great Vegas strip view from the rooftop.Scene: The scene was fairly young, which might be part of the reason I was put off.  My guess is that the majority of guests were under 25.  And I think this made the bouncers on guard and unfriendly, which is difficult after enjoying the San Francisco "bouncer scene."Music: Good stuff.  The DJ had the crowd roaring at every new song, which is always a good sign.Crowd:  It was much too crowded.  They seemed to just let people in all night, and it really became impossible to move around or find a spot to dance.  And drinks were spilling all over the place, leaving the ground wet, sticky and slippery.  And if you want to give your feet a rest, even for 2 minutes, you pretty much have to blow $300 - $1000 on a bottle of something to be privy to any of the seating.Drinks:  The drinks were good, but expensive.  A drink that would cost $8-10 in most SF clubs was $12-16 at Pure.    So, overall, I think the place has potential, but a few changes could make the place more enjoyable.  And I wouldn't actually mind paying more for a drink if I had the space to enjoy it.
2	I admit that it's kind of fun as a novelty to hang out in a roped off area with white couches and waitresses who look like strippers.  But at some point you feel like an asshole with all the proles looking at you, packed like sardines.  And you remember that you kind of hate clubs like this and would rather be somewhere less...silly.   And then you get hit on by a hooker named "Amber" (possibly not her real name).The DJs on the Tuesday night I was there were pretty awful.  They seemed to be on a mission to play every hit song they had in the space of one night, so each cut lasted maybe 30-60 seconds. Be aware that this is the kind of place that cultivates a chaotic throng at the front door and being on the list does not necessarily mean you'll get in without greasing a palm or two...unless you're female, pretty, and/or have large breasts.  You can cut the attitude with a knife.
4	First timer to Pure and fortunately rolled with a bachelor party entourage - which allowed us quick access to VIP table on rooftop. Otherwise, we would have been SOL - massive waits and lines at the bar.You can't get the full experience here unless you're willing to pay for it - a lot like living it up in NYC. Which is unfortunate but it's Vegas and you're usually on vacation. Gotta' pay to play, right.Music was pretty good, service was excellent - our waitress was super nice and looked like Mischa Barton, and the bouncers took care of us because we took care of them. As expected, lots of beautiful people in their crazy Vegas garb. I'd go back. :)
1	What a fucking joke.  This place sucked.First off, they rope off every section in the damn place so you only have access to the bar and the 20x20(ish) foot dance floor.Apparently you have to spend a lot of money for bottle service to even be allowed to sit down on a seat.On a good note, the bathroom was like a drug store.  The ladies inside were VERY nice and had every fragrance, soap, drugstore item available that you could ever need!Oh, and they were charging me (per my receipt) $14 for a premium Martini + $3 Martini Bump.  WTF is that?  I was paying $17 for a Belvedere Martini.  What a joke... and I don't think they were really even giving me Belvedere.  I woke up with a headache which NEVER happens when I'm REALLY drinking B.Ladies were free to get in on Sunday night, Men were $25
4	wait in the girls line!! it goes way faster!! this place is cool, but i somehow always end up having a crazy nite there!! we get in, get expensive as hell drinks, then get offered to go into VIP. VIP was cool, except that it was all creepy old men. i ended up leaving to go to find my guy friend. he was hanging out in the pussy cat dolls gambling area, which is awesome. for a girl who loves pink and cheetah print stuff, that would be my dream job! hahah. dancing, drinking, and hanging out on the roof top is my standard nite at pure. so fun!
2	I don't care if this place is backed by big wigs Celine Dion or Andre Agassi. Some people are celebrity whores and flock to this club to party with the elite. I could care less that KFed rocks the house at PURE and that Paris Hilton likes to throw kisses at her minions here. PURE Nightclub is a waste of time. It's a waste of 3 hrs in line, a waste of admission fee, a waste of money for the alcohol, and a waste of dj space.There are three lines- one VIP, one for the ladies and one for the general public. Ladies zoom in (thank god I'm a lady), the VIP line is slightly less longer than the regualr line but still sucks, and the line for the general public snakes around the casino and barely moves. Fights break out in the line too, so cover your face if you don't want any black eyes.The price to get in is ridulously expensive and once you're in you're elbow to elbow moving 2 inches a minute. PURE is a fire hazard. I wouldn't be surprised if they were fined every night. The place is big but the amount of people in the club seriously shrinks it. The view of the strip from the outdoor level is amazing but it doesn't make up for the horrible house music that is blared and the really old and funky people who party here. Alcohol can run as much as $14 a drink. Good lord. It takes so long to get through the bar and no space for you to even enjoy your drink. The Pussycat Doll Lounge was disappointing. You're better off going to the real burlesque show in LA. Here they sing one crappy song and and only appear every so often. You ain't missing much if you miss out on PURE. The hip hop in the main room is weak and most of the cool loungy areas are all VIP so its not like you'll be partying it up in style. It's more like you're lumped in with all the weirdos dancing off beat and listening to crap.I would have given PURE one star only but I added another star for all the hype it has. Part of the PURE experience is discovering what it is all about for yourself rather than listening to the people who know better.
2	It would be my first and last time I will ever go to this club. For something so hyped up it was really disappointing so don't get your hopes up. I had much more fun at the clubs where I live then this celebrity crap. Didn't check out the balcony cause I couldn't find the staircase for it. It was a total cockfest!!! Admission was $50 for me and one of my girl-friends. One star for the Pussycats Dolls show that I managed to catch in my drunken stupor for free!!! They wanted to charge people $5 to get in when it opened. Waited in line for an hour to get in with friends but it wasn't that bad. We swapped in and out of line to drink at the bar outside of Ceasars, got our handstamps when we go in and went in and out for drinks considering the drink prices there. Funny thing was that the VIP line was insane compared to the General line for Memorial Day weekend. We got in faster than the VIPs and with handstamps going right up they were all giving us looks and acting like they were somebody. It was only fun cause I got shitfaced.
3	I've been there three times and was there for NYE.  Introduced myself to Nick Lachey and his brother ( yeah I know you ladies hate him ).  Pure has all the elements of a great nightclub - good dj's, celebrity hot spot, modern decor, rooftop overlooking the strip, plenty of vip areas and dancefloors.  But something doesn't seem quite up to par.  Like others have written, the drinks are way over priced, long lines monitered by security, strict dress code, and crowded dance floor.  All that can add up to a lousy experience for the average person and ruin the rythm of your night.  I've done vip in the Pussycat Lounge with a group and it wasn't anything I expected for the money we paid.  Clubbing in vegas is a business so don't get the short end of the stick.
3	GOOD LAWD! The lines! The profiling by the bouncers! The pushing from the crowd. The Benjamins! The excruciating long wait! The chaos! And that was just outside the club.So here's the deal. The most tame line that extends to the right of the club and snakes into the casino is the "regular line." If you're not willing to shell out the Benjamins as a guy or smile and flirt as a gal, then get in the "regular line."Otherwise there is this crowd of people underneath the "sign." The minute you see a bouncer, slip him cash to cut through the crowd. Otherwise, you will have to wait until you finally get to the front of the crowd. When the bouncer makes eye contact with you, smile and flirt if you are a girl. If you are a guy, discreetly flash your cash. When the bouncer says get your driver's license out, slip the cash behind the license and handle the bundled cash and license over to the bouncer. If you are lucky, the bouncer will stamp your hand so you do not need to pay for cover 'cuz you overpaid anyways.And the guest list? Fuh-ghetta-bout it. It is as good as vapor.Okay, I am out of breath from yelping about how to get into Pure. You can just follow up on the other reviews for the experience inside 'cuz they are pretty true to my experience. On this evening, DJ AM was spinning the main room. Hot male slut Matt Leinart was in the house.
5	I can't believe I'm giving a club in Vegas 5 stars. Let me tell you why....I'm in Vegas for literally 18hrs on Friday night for my b.f.f.'s 30th birthday. She tells me to meet her posse in front of 'PURE' at 10:30p so we can all get in together....oh, and we're to have "table side service". I'm thinking, 'shit, now I've got to sell my car to afford this'...I'm joking. But it couldn't be that bad, right? HA HA HA....we get escorted in and seated in our roped-off lounge area and our personal waitress comes and asks us to pick out a MINIMUM of 4 bottles. Ok, let's see......WHAT??? A BOTTLE OF GREY GOOSE IS $450??!!! My friggin eyes popped out of my head...I'm not a cheap person by any means, but that is RE-DICK. My other b.f.f. starts freakin out sayin her husband will KILL her for spending so much...yada yada...our birthday gal notices our popped-out eyeballs and says not to worry cuz it's ALL taken care of. Apparently her pal is a professional poker player and HOOKED IT ALL UP. (whatta guy!!!) Now I popped my eyeballs back in and was able to enjoy my ($50) sips of vodka. The music starts bumpin and I'm feelin fancy so I start to dance....and over the loud speaker we hear "hey everyone it's Pamela Anderson's Bday so wish her a Happy Bday"--and there she was (about 50 ft from us) in all of her boob-glory. I started laughing, saying I was in some alternate universe and then I say "I mean what's next, DJ AM spinning?" He started spinning about 30 min after I said that.Let me tell you, if I wasn't in the VIP area I would HATE this place. They herd you in like cattle, the lines for booze are tremendously long and if you're foot comes anywhere near our "VIP" area the bouncers will KICK you out of the way. No joke. I saw it happen right next to me 100 times. (it's messed up actually) I'd never pay $2000 to have table side service in a club, but I'm damn glad I got to experience it. It was just so surreal to have someone pouring your drinks left and right and picking up the ice you've dropped with a sense of urgency. (I could get used to this...)peep our pic some chick took of us that night: http://vegas.napkinnights.com/pics/view_image.php?id=338546(I don't look enthused...but trust this, I had a good time)Oh, and we were right behind Seth Green (someone I was actually excited to see) in line for a taxi. He is one short man! ('bout 5' 2") What a cutie!
4	Lindsey Lohan is having her 21st birthday party here next month?  That girl deserves a kick in the mouth for her behavior as of late... she does NOT deserve a party at Pure.  Anyway, this place rocks.  I loved (almost) everything about it.  I have to remove a star because... 1) it is ungodly expensive ($16 for Red Bull and vodka?  wha-wha?)2) the 'janitors' get in the way (note: I fully support a crusade for cleanliness, but I really don't need to be repeatedly bumped into by a guy conveniently running his filthy mop over my foot because some fool spilled a cocktail)Ok, so half a star deducted for each offense.  But on the bright side, the music is awesome, and its really nice to have a choice between 2 djs.  I like the glass staircase overlooking the downstairs bar.  And I love the outdoor area for its amazing views of the strip.  I'm not the club-going type, but this place was ridiculously fun and I seriously cannot wait to go back.
3	My friends and I had quite the experience at PURE when we went there this past Saturday night..First of all, do NOT count on the guestlist to get you in.. that's why my group (guys and girls) had to separate to our respective gender lines and you know how that goes.. the girls will ALWAYS get in before the guys doAnyways, when it was my turn to get my ID checked by the bouncer (BTW, it only took about 10 minutes to get there, so don't get intimidated by the length of the girls line), the bouncer actually thought i had a fake ID! Cuz of that, I had to be sent to another bouncer to get another opinion.. WTF?! They even went so far as to ask for me for another proof of ID and even for me to lift up my bangs to prove my identity! WTF right?! I know I was only 15-16 when I took my license pic, but shoot, thank you stoopid bouncers for putting me on the spot like that =P Good news though is that I did get in for free with a VIP stamp on my hand =)With the guys in our group, it took A LOT to get them in.. a lot meaning that we had to go from bouncer to bouncer to convince them that they were with us and finally we were able to get them in. Guys still ended up paying the $30 cover charge though..But just like what the majority have said, prepare yourself for the pushing and shoving on and off the dance floor, the HUGE crowds, the sticky and the dance floors full of empty cups, the occasional spill of alcohol from others around you, and the EXPENSIVE drinks (but at least there was no wait for me at the bar.. do NOT go to the bar in the white room). I do have to give props to the DJ spinning that night.. played a whole range of music, so I'm sure he satisfied everyone's tasteOverall, the experience was OK. It really isn't all its hyped up to be, considering what I had to go through, but I'm glad to say that I went clubbin at PURE. But just like how I rated a club at SF before, I think it just depends on WHO you're with cuz for me at least, it plays a major role on whether I'm having a good time or notONE last note for GUYS: If the bouncer asks you to tuck in your shirt, not only listen to him but do NOT untuck it, even if you only mean to re-adjust yourself. One of my guy friends got kicked out even before entering the club juss cuz the bouncer caught him untucking his shirt to fix it after he was told to tuck it in. Some shiet huh?
2	I have no idea why people are so fascinated with this place. Maybe it's name, or the celebs that frequent this joint. I went here about a year ago with some friends n waited in line....drumroll please.......................4 miserable hours... and I can say without a shadow of a doubt, it was not worth the cover we paid...at all. Granted the place is big, and crowded....strike that, too crowded. Everyone was building this place up to be the Mecca of all clubs..please, I've had better here in the Bay. Maybe it was the long wait that started the night off wrong, but I just didnt get that notion of why this was supposed to be the premiere club in Vegas...let down
4	One word for this place. Trendy. I feel sorry for the people who wait forever to get in. Thank goodness we got in for free and without line. Gotta get the stamp! This place always has celebrities coming through. On the day i go, i see Jessica Simpson, and supposedly Eva Longoria was there that day too. Drinks are quite expensive, but the girls are hot! The dj's kicked ass. the different sections of the club all had a different vibe which was uber cool. The outdoors rooftop was cool too. There is a strict dress code and the dance floors are quite crowded. But this place is a must for a night out in Vegas.
4	There are many reasons not to go to Pure, long lines, nightclub doorman, expensive drinks, etc. However I always seem to end up there on Tuesday nights. These guys defiantly do it right. It is always busy, which lets face it, that is why we all go out to night cubs is to fit into crowded rooms. The music is always good, and all of the beautiful people are always there on Tuesdays. Make sure you call ahead, reserve a table, and get there early, look great and you should not have trouble getting into a fun party.
3	Got in for free and without waiting...definitely a nice change.  Great music, good drinks.  The dance floor is, sadly, way too small and they pack you in like sardines by 1am.  The next night, I was chatting with a friendly bouncer/line guy who told me that on the average weekend night they admit anywhere from 4000 to 7000 people.  7000!!!  insanity.
1	don't waste your time. we all got in free, made the loop, like a cattle call and left. go to drais. much more fun!
4	Im not guna lie i was definitely looking forward to this place. My first reaction was i thought it would of been bigger however it was a piece of cake walking in free... in NY if u don't thrown down your life savings on a bottle of something you never heard of.. good luck ever getting in if you have male friends with you. After getting sick of the crowded dance floor and hanging out in VIP with weird older men and plastic women, my friend and i had a sick time dancing by the back bar.  We had tons of room and made our own fun.  The music was an AMAZING mix of all different stuff and i think we danced for 3 hours straight.  celebrity sighting - prince Sky*
2	The first impression about this place is small.Just got back this week from Vegas and I was looking forward to party at this place but it failed my exceptions.First off we reserve a table in advance and we got there a little after 10:00 Friday and there was a line all the way to the casino doors. Then I asked a couple of the bouncers that where do I check in for table reservations? He told me that I would have to get through the crowd people fighting to get to the club behind the red rope and seriously it looked like a scene from the Titanic with people fighting to get on a life boat. So finally I said screw this and I went around the back side where there was no people and this time I had to work my mojo and get one of the other bouncers attention so I ended up greasing the guy $20.00 to get us to the front of the line which worked to my surprise. So then checked in and we were on our way to our table. Get to our table which was in the patio area like I requested and  got setup with bottle service,  our service was good with our waitress and security inside was pretty cool. The view was nice on the patio.    Get down stairs to the to the main club and the dance floor was the size of there bathroom and if you wanted to walk around the club you would need a wristband for that specific room. So then you would get turned back and then you would have to fight your way back with all the hordes of people.   The low down of this club doesn't flow well and the whole design sucks. The music wasn't very good ether. Very disappointed, would recommend Tryst, Rain, over this club any day.
1	This nightclub, with its beautiful decor, is basically a cattle drive if you are not a VIP. Seriously, if you are not a VIP, don't even go, you will spend eternity on the wrong side of the heavily guarded ropes, under scrutiny of the suits with their little earphones and cattle prods (jk about the cattle prods) and you will never ever get any seat or table, as all of those are on the VIP sides of the ropes. You will wander aimlessly, expensive tiny drink in hand, all night long, upstairs and down and if you find a small patch of dancefloor to shake your booty, there will be some jerks standing in the middle smoking and not dancing. Actually, this is not a dance club, its milling and jostling and waiting in line to get in forever club. From start to finish, sometimes it feels like you are in a line. Go someplace else that isn't jammed with security where you can actually get your dance on. PURE is crap, except for the decor.
1	WARNING ABOUT PURE!I did not go, as my friends wanted my partner and I to pony up $60 a piece to get on the VIP list. Thank goodness we didn't go with our friends.They were jumped by a group of girls, and attacked in the club. Our friend was separated from her purse during the mle, and her, our other friend, and the jumpers were thrown out of the club.The police WERE NOT contacted, the other girls flew out of there, and my friend was separated from her purse and cell phone, and the people running the place would not let them return into the club to find the purse.  An hour later they received a ransom phone call from the stolen phone to meet someone at Hooter's to retrieve.The club and management are seriously irresponsible. I encourage anyone who may be considering this club, or have friends who are considering going there to BOYCOTT this place.
4	At first I was very annoyed that we had to wait 45 minutes on the wrong side of the velvet ropes even though we had agreed to a VIP arrangement with the club. You'd think at ~$120 a head minimum for that status that they'd let you in the minute you arrive. But no, you want to get in the club, and they want to make you want it real bad.The scene inside, after we got in, was good. 4 dance floors, Pussycat Dolls Lounge, and a rooftop VIP area. See, the VIP thing, here's the deal: every 3 people in your party must purchase one bottle. Well, every bottle is  ~$350, so you're not gonna go to Pure and be a VIP on a budget.I'll tell ya though, I was glad that we were VIP. The non-VIP (i.e. economy class) line out there stretched for miles, and the mob at the downstairs bar would most certainly guarantee that every time you want a drink, you'd have to wait 30 minutes.In the end, I thought the experience was worthwhile. Lots of beautiful people, great VIP service, and above-average music.
3	All the hype about Pure... it's all just hype. Pure was a major disappointment. I'm rooting for Lindsay Lohan now, considering she's facing felony drunk driving and cocaine possession charges, but girl! She was going to have her21st birthday party here? Not having the party probably saved what little reputation she had before she was arrested again... My friend and I got in for free, the decor was cute with the white and changing lights,  but I didn't like the general vibe.
3	I didnt get to go into PURE because it was closed on Thursday but we did get in free to the Pussycat Dolls Lounge inside of PURE....its a small little place with overly high drink prices and with hardly no liquor but they were playing good music and it was a very chill vibe. They Dolls only perform at 10:30pm & 11:30pm. But the Pussycat Dolls casino area was great with very cute decor and screen playing PCD pictures....very cute & I lobe PCD so I had to go check it out.
3	3.5-It's one of the better clubs in VEGAS. Picture this...DJ AM was spinning an awesome mix of music, and I was dancing with my gal pals with not a single care in the world when guess who shows up...none other than Vinny chase himself from entourage.  I had a fantabulous experience cause we had the hook up with the line keeper guy.  No wait, no pay, and just a bunch of booty hoppin' all over the dance floor.  We even made it on their website! Crowd is a little sketchy, but it's better than any other crowd I saw in Vegas.  Boo on no where to sit inside, but besides that...super fun place to hang, and many ways for YOU not to be bored.
4	i had to give this place four stars just because i saw Mike Jones and i was surprised to see the pussycat dolls performance. downside, there was a myspace party as well. the line was hectic, but the best part about it was....my girls didn't have to wait long in front of the line! they had a separate line for VIP girls. luckily, we got one of my friend's to put us on the list. the music was off the hook! the bathroom was nice and the people were all....i can't remember. it was too crowded by the time it was close to closing time. overall, i had fun!
4	I really enjoyed going here but I couldn't get over the $30 cover and the overpriced drinks. Everyone is dressed to impress here, as they should be due to the dress code. The view of the strip from the outdoor patio/lounge is alright. People are just everywhere in here. Took forever to get in, but at least I can say I've been here. Waiting for this weekend when I plan on going to Tao for the first time. You may run into a celebrity here. I saw Jermaine O'Neal of the Indiana Pacers party at Pure. Other than that, I'm not gonna lie being inside makes you feel glamorous. Haha what kind of statement is that? Oh well.
1	Wow I didn't review this place? Ok so here's the deal. Pure is one of those places where it's the $100 handshake. Yes. I've heard many complaints as far as line status goes. Or you can stand and pay the 30 dollar cover and walk around the beautiful club like I guess all the commoners. My first experience with Pure was looking at the line and saying..."aww hell NO". After a night of laughing with Carlos Mencia...then here? I'd rather not be in line. Fortunately Chopper was there from Towbin dodge. So he walked right up to walk me and my party in. Well they were dicks those security....yelling at us to finish the drinks and don't go in or throw them out....Yea. Don't yell at me. You never know who you're gonna piss off. So half the party went in, the other half...didn't. So table service...sure like any other club. So what? But we got to sit in the mainstream area where I got to listen to the snappin fangers song....or the WHAT? or even Sexy Back...yep....all the way to Baby got Back? Yea....whee. Is there a reason why this place like Body English is a sausage fest? I mean seriously guys go here to try to get laid and even lie about how much of a high roller you are and you kicked it with Dennis Rodman or you hung with Leonardo and that guy from Fargo. You don't gotta lie to kick it. Because you know you were walking around talking to your boys wondering which chick to hit on while the music is blasting....But all the chicks are taken. Jenn has the right idea. Go when it's not busy like a Tuesday. But regardless, every time my friends go - they get hassled by security. I like to flash my card. But the reality is - I don't promote a product I don't believe in. Pure is one of those products.
1	This place is overrated and so crowded! The line seems to go on forever and even being able to get ahead in the line once we were inside we were so packed in we couldn't move. Also it seems very light in there... you can see too much. I think the DJ kept repeating the same songs over and mixing them weird. We made it upstairs for the view and that was cool but after a long wait for a drink and then a long wait for the bathroom we bailed.
2	Why would anyone stand in 2 hours to go into this club is a mystery to me. After waiting for what seems like a day and half, we finally got into this stuffy club (both people and temperature). THe place was packed to the max; people weren't that pretty; drinks were not even that strong; bartenders not too friendly. Overall, this place is totally overrated. I guess the only reason why you would go here is potentially bumping into C-list stars which we did (Ryan Cabera (sp?) and that chick from Transformers-forgot her name).
3	I was here for a bachelorette party on a Saturday night...it was crazy outside to get in. Luckily we had made plans ahead of time to have bottle service and a table....we got in and were put in this side room with another group of random people...but we did have our own bathroom!! I would totally suggest this room just because of that...and that right there was enough for me to feel like it was money well spent!! We had 3 bottles for 11 girls!! It was great...the dance floor was super crowded but it was kind of cool to walk into other rooms with other music playing too. The place was packed!I'm not sure if it's always as crowded as it was the night we were there...but the people from "The Hills" were there because it was Brody's birthday so I think it was a little crazier than usual. The view from the roof of the place is awesome. I took some great pictures. The place is super clean and they just kept picking up the spilled drinks from the floor.I loved the elevator guy...he was sooo nice!!I do have to say that I went to the bar to get some water for my friend who was sick...and they told me I had to pay for bottled water!! I was a little pissed about that....so I had to go back and get money because they wouldn't just give me a cup for my friend...HOW RUDE.
4	I was prepared to not like Pure.  In fact, I went out of my way to make back up plans for the group I was with to be put on the list for Moon and Playboy club, because I was convinced that this place was going to let me down, especially because of all the hype it's generated.Well, Pure pleasantly surprised me.  We were escorted right in thanks to my pimp ass friend Lee...if it weren't for him, i'm sure we would have stood out there for an hour.  Once inside, the music was really good...and it varied from room to room.  The club is HUGE...and very white.  One large downfall is that if you do not have a table, you're herded around like cattle and have nowhere to sit or stand, really.  Also, I waited 20 minutes in the bathroom line upstairs on the patio...so prepare yourself.  Everyone always talks about "the view! the view!"...but Moon's view is WAY better.  I'm considering Pure for my birthday celebration...so that proves it wasn't a total disaster like I had predicted.
3	I had heard about all the parties and celebrities that it attracts but I guess I just failed to see what brought them here.It honestly just reminded me of a couple of other clubs I have been to in Sacramento and San Francisco.  I'm used to partying with the guys who are on the prowl, the cougars etc. so that wasn't a big shock to me.The dance floor is REALLY small, not like I dance anyway, but just saying.  If I went here again I would def want to score a booth somehow cause they took up a lot of the club area downstairs and mostly up on the balcony.  Nice club, just don't know what it is, I guess I just expected more??  I like you PURE, but please next time I want to be wow-ed like Lindsey Lohan, and K-Fed have.
4	Totally agree with what Trish P. (review on 2/21/06) said. Pure's got lots of room to move around and I feel relaxed when I'm here...the same cannot be said of Tao. Even the bouncers at Pure are more friendly and I had fun all 4 times I've been here. I love the outdoor area as well, but it was a bit hot the last time we were there (Aug 13). Nevertheless, a few cool drinks with cool guys who let us sit at their table made me forget about the heat. It just has an overall better vibe than Tao. Ladies, get your VIP passes ahead of time...its so much more fun when we don't wait in line or pay to get in :).
1	Pure is to entertainment as Enron was to corporate integrity.  What a waste of potential - the layout, the music, the upstairs - open to the stars (celestial, didn't see Paris once!) and the strip (did see Paris the hotel)  - wow.  But why do you have a policy of hiring only bouncers whose IQ is inversely proportional to their neck size?  I saw (and listened to) some seriously attitudinal episodes that just dripped arrogance - way greater than anywhere else I'd ever experienced.Oh, and we all KNOW how satisfying it is for you to keep lines outside, and give away reserved tables (how much was that table?) and refuse entrance to anyone who actually looks sideways are you.  Did y'all get on the wrong end of an Oedipus complex, oops, sorry, I was forgetting the IQ thingy again.
4	Like any typical vegas clubs, getting in is a bitch and it is overcrowded as hell but I have to admit, its worth it for Pure; the spot is clean.  Avoid the main dance floor, you will get trampled over. The two atrium rooms are sweet so is the patio area over looking the strip. Music is good, they even play hyphy shit which was funn, watching 40 yr olds grind to that. If you're a dude get bottled service or you wont get in. Hit up the guestlist before as well.
2	We first went to Pure a few years ago when it first opened.  We were lucky enough to get right in with little hassle and had a wonderful spot at one of the tables on the roof deck.  (This was back before we really knew what we were doing, so it was dumb luck.)  I was very impressed with the club's layout, design and decor.  I like multiple rooms with different feels to them....keeps the night interesting.  I know there are other clubs in Vegas with decks but being right there on the strip is amazing.  However, I've been reluctant to go back recently as I think the crowd is just...strange.  Its almost like some strange fraternity party on crack.Update:In my 350 Yelp reviews I never once hoped for a more positive update.  I really, really wanted to update my Pure review with "I'm giving them more stars because bottle service this trip was wonderful!"  I am sad that I actually have to take a star away.The host I worked with was kind of a flake and I was nervous about it going in.  There is no rhyme or reason to anything in the line area of Pure.  It's a HUGE mass of people.  At other clubs if you have a table you find someone with a clipboard and in you go.  Not possible here.  I pushed my way to the front of the mass and waited until I could catch someone's attention.  In the process I got my ass grabbed, elbowed in the face, my feet stepped on....it was truly awful.  (And let me tell you....some people use way too much cologne and some people need to use a lot more deodorant....) Once up to the front and beyond the rope we were treated with could best be described as contempt by the second doorman.  We were then ushered in to our table, which was actually in the Pussy Cat Dolls Lounge part of the club.  I didn't mind since it was new to me but I was kind of bummed for my friends that had never been there before.  Luckily we were in so early it wasn't overcrowded yet and they were able to explore the rest of the club.Having front row seats for the Dolls was great, we were in the "splash zone" and got soaked with water when the one Doll did her thing in the bathtub.  However, having these seats has a HUGE drawback.  There is no actual wall between the Lounge and the outside line area, just a curtain.  Someone stuck their hand through the curtain for about 5 seconds, security was on it in 3 seconds but in that 2 second span our camera was gone.  Fabulous.  Just what I needed.  Given my prior experience with Vegas casinos and stolen items (see Green Valley Ranch review) I didn't even say anything because I knew it would just take up too much of my night and nothing would come of it.  I was a little peeved to find out that bottles started at $500, not the $425 my host told me.  (Not that it really matters at that point anyways...it just seemed disingenuous to me.)  I also didn't enjoy the fact that the members of our party that got separated from us in the line situation were forced to pay $50 each for cover, despite the fact we had a table and their cover was supposed to be included.  Lastly, perhaps I'm spoiled by Tao, but our security guard was useless.  At Tao you get escorted to the restroom and a million other things...here, not at all.  He looked at me as if I was nuts and I actually had to leave the club to go to the restroom!  Talk about bad design.  Like I said, I really, really wanted this to be positive but I just can't do it.  I know that I will never return to Pure, let alone get bottle service there.  When you go VIP you should be treated as such, especially if you are spending thousands of dollars there.  (We were a group of 12.)  There are just other options that are so much better.
2	SO OVERRRRRATED!   We had a VIP table booked in the redroom lounge area, next to the white room.... and the bouncers were like friggin arseholee, we got in because we were girls, but unfortunately the guys that were with us and on the VIP lists couldn't make it in.... so we bribed the bouncers to let us through and we also had to pay entrance fee?  Even though we had bottle service!  Once we got in, the room was filled and packed to its limits, the white room dance floor was so crowded I felt like I couldn't breathe in there.  I mean.. the decorations and the space is great, but I just had a bad time that night and will never be coming back to that joint.
4	ok this place probably had the longest line, but there was a girl line so we got right in. It was kind of boring, diddy and britney were there tho. its more of a loungy place, I would recommend it for people who just want to chill with friends, and i would recommend if ur getting a table to get it upstairs, its outside and pretty. For girls i would say dress HOT every night ur going out cause that will def help u get in to places.
2	PURE waste of time. Just got back from Vegas for friend's bday and went to Pure Fri night. The only plus... they have a ladies only line which meant we got in for free and in less than 10 mins. Beer was flat and the dance floors were way too crowded, there was no where to groove. VIP tables were everywhere, I mean everywhere they could squeeze one in, they did and most of the VIPers were total losers who thought they were so special b/c they were stupid enough to spend $2000+ to get a table at a DANCE club. Anyway, the upstairs patio was chill - it rained so at least the smell of puke was MIA. The restrooms were clean too (always a plus at a club.) BTW, remember to always tip the restroom attendant.
3	FAQQ: OMGz!!!1! DID U SEE THAT ULTIMATE FIGHTER GUY? WAS PARIS OR BRIT-BRIT THERE? LOLA: Wow. Are you a 14-year-old girl? Anyway, there were some celebs there. Some UFC guy. Mandy Moore maybe? Who knows. It was a while ago. I don't keep track of those things. What I *did* keep track of was the $40.00 (for guys) to get in the club. And the expensive drinks.Q: yo. did u holla at some hot bitchez?? fo realz.A: There are some attractive women there. Here's a tip for the girls, if you didn't spend hundreds upon hundreds for a table, check out the girls bathroom. There's a weird counter you can sit on.Q: So you had a pretty good time?A: Pre-drink (heavily), get in line super early, if you're a guy, go with a bunch of girls. Work your way up front. Pay the cover (don't think, just pay) and buy a few drinks (don't think, just pay) and dance. Aside from the price it's a pretty good time.FYI ... There's no place to sit. Deal with it. You didn't come to Vegas to sit. Also, the roof-top area is pretty awesome. Great view from there. Enjoy.
2	Purely boring.Over packed.  Overpriced.  Over hyped.  Save you money to blow at blackjack.
2	I concur with what everyone else said negatively about this place in all their reviews.  I just wanted to bring the average rating down a bit more.
2	The Bad:This place is overrated. Bouncers here are dicks, cover is crazy expensive ($30 for guys, $20 for girls) drinks are so-so in strength and equally expensive, they do not serve you water (I was dehydrated from standing in line for 2 hours) and make you buy an 8 dollar teeny bottle of water, there is no guestlist line just a disorganized mob were people are pushing and trying to get to the front and even with our names on the guestlist your still gonna wait an easy 2 hours. I dont like the vibe i get from this place, felt like everyone thought they were god's greatest gift on earth, which they aren't but apparently a VIP booth, good looks and bucco bucks buy you the ability to be pretentious and treat others like they are the dirt on your shoe. The line for the restroom is an easy 20 minutes which sucks when you really need to pee. The good:The outside balcony is AWESOME. It has an amazing view of the strip that just really makes the energy outside fantastic. There is decent space to move around and stand and just take in the sight or dance if you want. The music they were playing outside was great! My husband loves techno and they were definitely playing the best of it. Inside is your typical mainday radio play hits which were good but I was diggin the music upstairs. Also, if you want good entertainment this place is it. They've got plenty of various rooms, connect to the Pussycat dolls, great balcony out on top, and there is always SOME celebrity there hanging out (Paris and the Olly girls in our case). Additionally, it was a crackup to watch some girl BITCH slap some dude for asking her weight and some guy totally get some from a chick in their VIP booth. Ahhhh! Gotta love the drama. So all in all, I probably wouldn't go back unless I was gauranteed less than a 20 minute wait and no cover, otherwise its a no go for me. It was fun but the amount of fun we had definitely did not supercede the amount of money and time spent here and again, the vibe I got from this group of people just didn't flow with me. I'll stick to my favorite place, Rain.
3	Good:- It's so pretty upstairs! You can see the strip!- Different rooms with different music- Big- I had funBad:- BOOO management!!! VIP line and everything else was sooo unorganized, why pay the money for no special treatment?- SOOO CROWDED- Overpricedactually i just realized I said exactly what michelle k said. so right on!  also, that girl was my friend.... that guy was a JERRRRK, and i have a picture of that couple making out if anyone wants to see. =)
5	ladies, this is not the time nor the place to be prim and prude...hoochitize and slutify yourself!!!  we got in for free, of course, and saw the madness here.  weaving through the butt to butt and boobs to boobs traffic, we managed to find a perfect spot in the middle of the dance floor, although dancing was nearly impossible.  moments later, we saw camera flashes and i thought, geez, are we that beautiful that people want to take pictures of us?  c'mon, with a few drinks, your imagination is bound to run wild.  then i heard the dj giving a shout out to paris hilton and the crowd went wild...the ones who talk smack behind her skeleton back, including me...haha :)  well, she was beautiful, yet annoying (you need to hear her sing live...she couldn't even sing the happy b-day song).there's nothing pure about this nightclub.  just a crap load of sinful delights!!!
2	I went here with a group of girls for a bachelorette party so it seemed like getting in shouldn't have taken as long as it did, but we kept getting pulled out of line, told we could get in without waiting and then unceremoniously tossed to the back again. Plus one of the bouncers was a real ass to my friends and I when it was his co-worker he should have been getting pissed at. The inside was really cool, but it was ridiculously crowded - to the point where it sucked all the fun out of the experience. All those hot sweaty people meant we got grabbed, yelled at, etc. by some fairly gnarly guys. I think I would have liked this place a heck of a lot better if I had come on a different night. The outside patio is awesome and looks out over the whole strip and the DJ was playing exactly the right music, but we left early because there were just too many people (including the cast of the Hills who breezed right past us as we were waiting in line with the rest of the "normal" people).Oh yeah and did I mention that I paid $26 for a double Redbull and Vodka?!?!? $26! For ONE drink!!! And to top it off when I asked the girl if she could add some more Redbull, she said she would have to charge me! That reeaaalllly pissed me off.
5	Yes, this is the spot where everyone has too dress to impress.  If you want to get in to the club, you gotta hike up that skirt, push up your bras to show some cleavage, and have your beautiful face on.  I love the fact that when I come here, I don't need to wait in line.  I can always go straight in just by talking to the bouncers.  Normally, the line wraps around and the wait is about an hour or so.The only thing I don't like about this place is that it's too crowded.  It takes me a good 20 minutes just to get to the bar and order something.  They're not just at the bars getting more sloshed, but they're also on the dance floor sweating off the alcohol they've ingested or in the bathrooms trying to pee it out.  If you're gonna get a VIP Table, I suggest to get it by the main dance floor.  It'll just be a waste of money to get the table anywhere else.A guy would probably end up spending a good few hundred dollars if he's trying to impress a girl.  Otherwise, a solo can get away from getting wasted with just a little over a hundred dollars.  Women, if your game is good, you wouldn't have to bring any money.
1	I am one of the girls that goes to Vegas and goes all out. I was dressed to the nines, well in a Halloween costume ( I actually had people stop me to take a picture of my costume). Tits, legs and ass all in full view. Lol, I can't believe I am going to say this, but the review below from cynthia h, talks about 'not wasting your time if your not a slut'; my costume was damn slutty. The point is, the host/ doorman, etc, was a complete fucking asshole to every person that was in line. I actually ended up leaving and going to Tao, because I couldn't bear to hear him berate people any longer. One girl wasnt on the list and he cackled and said, with a whinny voice, "OOOhhhhhhh. Let me guess. Some "guy" (he actually did the quotes in the air) said he was going to put you on the list and he didn't. How stupid can you be?" Hey dude, you are a fucking doorman....The people you are being an asshole to might be a bigger deal than you!One of the things I love about vegas is the variety of people. Pure needs to embrace that a bit more.Go to Tao, they are great to their guests!
1	we had 20 spots on the guestlistwe were given shit for having that many spots (rather than being like, oh wow, you have 20 spots on the guestlist)we were made to waitwe were hassled for boots ($150 boots) instead of payless plastic black crapwe were charged coverthen we screamed at them for the outrage of it all and were told it was all fine, free, and fast. total bullshit.
4	I was in Vegas for work for only two nights. I went here on a Tuesday night with a few co-workers not sure what to expect. I gave most of my money to the bar and not the casino this night.The venue satisfied the purpose for being in Vegas. Drinks, dancing, and drinks. The music was above average and I did not have to pay. So for a first experience at Pure, it was not terrible.
2	Do the words "Over Capacity" mean anything?  Seriously, people.  I waited in line for all of 15 minutes with some girlfriends, went in, got an overpriced drink and proceeded to be squished due to the amount of people there.  It's not a dance club, as there is no room to dance.  It's a music club and it's pretty inside but that's all it's got going for it.
4	So I had to wait in line for almost an hour and spent about 70 dollars on drinks that night.  But the view from the roof is amazing and the bartenders are speedy and friendly.  I do have to say that they need a real dance floor space; the only dance floor I saw was really minimal for a club this size.
4	Pure, our last pit stop for a Vegas club scene. After LAX, the music is way much better. However, we didn't like the crowd on the main dancefloor, it was ghetto. (I'm sounding so snooty). Anyho, I'm just stating the obvious. We love the rooftop scene, bouncers were friendly. We even met up with new friends from Montreal, Canada. They invited us to their table on the red room. We were taken care of like a princess, they have bottle service galore. And as must say they are gentleman and they can actually dance hiphop. They are not sleazy at all, we were a bit surprised.  We were glad we met them, we avoided getting molested, we didn't have to pay for overpriced drinks ($25 per order) and we were comfortable in our plush sofas. Thanks to our new friends. ^_^ We bounced after 2:30 AM. 4 clubs in 2 nights, not bad.I might say, we party like a rockstar, we didn't pay any admissions and no waiting in line experienced. Overall our Vegas trip was awesome.
5	This has to be one of my favorite clubs in Vegas (besides Tao).  The music was decent and the crowd was HOT!If you know Vegas and how to get into clubs with long lines without waiting, then you will have a lot of fun.  I highly recommend getting a table.  I really enjoyed the main room VIP section.  There was really no need to ever leave the area unless you want to check out the roof. If you get stuck in the line, good luck b/c you are s-c-r-e-w-e-d for a long time, especially if you are a guy without any attractive ladies with you.
2	not a bad place, music was pretty good in the main room and they had a pussycat doll dance stage which was cool for about 2 mins then got boring.our waitress was nice, but management staff at the end of the night was rude and were not very friendly.for more fun, check out tao.
3	Is it just me or is Pure incredibly bright inside? We got lucky and some bouncer let us cut to the front of the line while we were walking around outside so we decided to just run in and check it out for 10 minutes.  Decor is nice, especially the outdoor terrace, music is fun, dance floor is small, the whole place is packed beyond belief, but I don't see what all the hype is about. We left.It's pretty though!Edit: Actually stayed here this time. Waited 2 fucking hours despite being on the guest list. Saw Paris Hilton since it was her birthday party, drinks were delicious. Despite the wait, we ended up having a pretty good time :]
5	Had a blast, great looking girls inside.
3	I was here last year during New Year's Eve. Never been there ever since though. It was crowded then, but can't believe that it's still crowded even during non-holidays from the other reviews I've been reading. Yes. It was a bitch to walk through the crowd, let alone dance. And it's true. The line for this club is LONG.
4	I had awesome time the two times I was here.  OK, the fact that I got in for free without having to wait in line for too long helps too.  Otherwise, I don't think I would've wanted to waste two hours (if not more) waiting for the bouncers to take pity on us.  Nor would I've wanted to fork out $100 per person (a couple of guys who we met inside told us that was how much they paid) just to get in! AND THEN they still had to buy us drinks... poor guys!Anyway... Love the setup - the main dance floor has a good mix of Top 40 and Hip Hop, the Pussycat Dolls Lounge (are we supposed to create a separate review for it? Ah, sod it... I'll do it here) plays great old-school type music... and the rooftop area is great when you just want to get some fresh air and people-watch.All in all, great time was had by all.  The club could've been more selective in admitting patrons - the both times I went they're already on the verge of overcrowding (by semi-ghetto guests).  It's hard to walk around the room without bumping into others, and getting drinks at the main bar take almost forever.
3	So, it was a celebrity birthday party and the place was PACKED, but thank God we didn't have to wait in line. This is SO not my scene. But hey, it's Vegas, and a friend of a friend got us in, so there we were: Hardly enough room to move, let alone breathe, a sea of cameraphones overhead snapping left and right, hipsters angling to get a glimpse of a star--and on top of this, unfriendlly service and way expensive drinks. Music was just OK.The space itself, however, is gorgeous, no doubt about it.A better time was had next door at the Pussycat Dolls Lounge, where we joined some friends for an enormous bottle of Grey Goose. Vibe was definitely more relaxed. We made a mess of the mixers, I danced with a column (it never had it so good), and we had an all-around great time. Not an every-weekend kind of gig for me, but perfect for a Vegas getaway.
5	my second favorite spot to hit up in vegas besides tao. pure has also treated us like vip's. hien the host which i met from a good friend is awsome. always hooked us up with the best table available. to get in super quick...you must have a table waiting for you OR youll be stuck in line forever. it doesnt matter the time you wait...there will always be a lone at this club. bottles are damn pricey but when you break it down its not all that bad. oh how i miss vegas....
2	This place was NOT FUN. We got on the guestlist to ensure that we (a group of 5 girls) wouldn't have to pay a cover. We waited in the all girls line (which they have on sporadic nights. This one was a Saturday) for about 30 minutes since the club wasn't even open yet, and then got in pretty easily. The sad part was, we got in and felt like turning back around out the door. It was kinda empty, a lot of old and awkward adults (not really a crowd for 21 year olds), and worst of all..the music SUCCKKEDDD! They played some weird ass techno music that I could've done the robot to. We thought maybe it would get better, but nope. It was just bad the entire time we were there, sadly dancing in the corner of the dance floor. Dude, they played the boy is mine. Yes, the song by monica and brandy. Really? Do people dance to that music? Sooo awkward. My girls and I left after like 20 minutes. We sat at some slots, which I actually won at! Haha. So I guess that was a plus. And then some girl came up to us and asked if we would like to go to the old Opium, which I guess is called Poetry now. Anyway, that's an entirely different review, but it was fun there and better than Pure. So just know that. I've heard good things about Pure from friends so I'm disappointed that our experience was lame. Oh well.EDIT 1/20/08:Okay well I just went to Vegas again for new years! And I had to come back and add onto this review. This time around, we went to Pure on January 1st. I kinda figured it might be crowded since it was the day after new years eve, but then again I also thought maybe it'd be not so crowded since everyone probably left town already. Welp! My first instinct was right. That place was sooo packed. I went with 5 girls again (weird coincidence, they were all different girls from last time), and so we got in for free. What sucked was how disorganized the "line" was for so-called guestlist folks. It was just this big ass mob around the door with people fighting to get the attention of any bouncer they could. Anyhoooo. We got in and it was hard to even walk around. Drinks were expensive (but what's new in vegas), but the music this night was crackin. Paris Hilton showed up and everyone turned into strange picture taking robots with cameras permanently focused on the VIP area where she was dancing all silly. Uh, it's just Paris Hilton. I understand if you want a shot or two of her since she's kinda famous and stuff, but really. Folks were taking pictures for like 45 minutes straight. Give your arm and the people trying to dance around you a break. Overall the place was better than the first time I went. Still not great, but better. On a less crowded night with the same music (hip-hop/mainstream/DANCEABLE music), I'd be down to go again. For free.
3	I've been to PURE three times.  The first two times I went with all girls and there was hardly any wait and we didnt have to pay for cover so it was pretty good I thought.  The last time, I went with a mixed group and we had to pay $40 for guys and $20 for girls.  We were on the guestlist and still had to wait for an hour.  Of course this was because it was the night before New Year's eve and Paris Hilton was hosting that night.I think the decor is really nice.  Of course TAO and Tryst are nicer but Pure is definitely up there.  My biggest complaint against this place is that the dance floor is way crowded.  You cannot move let alone dance because it is so packed.  The best way to go is if you get a table either around the dance floor or upstairs with a view of the strip.  That way you actually have a place to sit and room to dance.Drinks are also super pricey.  About $14 each and water is $8.  The music is alright...hip hop on the dance floor and house/techno on the roof.
3	During my recent New Years Vegas trip with friends, PURE was our last club outing. We were here on Jan 1, and it was PACKED. Luckily, we didn't have to wait in line though. Anyhow... The decor is really nice at PURE with all the white walls/curtains and pink/purple lighting. Knowing that it was still around New Years time, I can't really complain about how packed it was here. However, I hear that it's always packed. Personally, I couldn't enjoy the night as much because it was so packed. Everytime I tried to dance, I would either get hit or shoved by someone walking around, or my feet would get mopped on by the guys who would mop the floor every fricken 5 minutes. Overall, the club is nice, but wasn't my favorite. The crowd was much older, and people don't really dance here. Instead, they spend time walking around... Also, the music was okay here. I know they were trying to mix it up by playing different genres of music, but it was too much difference I think.. Going from Rap to Country to Pop to Oldies, to everything you can think of.. The DJ was great at mixing, but some of the music just wasn't the type of music you want to dance to. I probably wouldn't go back to PURE next time I'm in Vegas.Oh yeah, we saw Paris Hilton that night. *That's Hot*
4	Pure is real nice and has a very clean look to it. They are not so strict at tje entrance with having a specific girl to guy ratio. The bouncers were real cool too. Me and my friends would chop it up with them when we would wait in line. Lines weren't that long and they let a steady stream of people in. One time I was next in line to go in with my friend and Matt Lienart of the Arizona Cardinals cuts in line. I expected him to have a pack of girls following him, but he had a train of 30 guys. The place is big for a vegas club, but the dance floor is packed. You gotta swing elbows if you want to get around. I like how VIP tables on the dance floor just create more foot traffic. Drinks were absurdly priced. Once I ordered an AMF and a beer and the waitress said soemt like 28 dollars. I replied with a "WHAT?!" like she was makin a mistake or the music was affecting my listening capabilities. But it turned out to be 28 bucks. I really liked the roof. Great view of the strip and if you need some fresh air. I hate how they heard you around like cattle, not letting you stop and stand anywhere.
5	I had such a great time here. My girlfriends and I (4 girls) cabbed it from Luxor to Caesar's on a Friday night. When we told the cabbie that we were going to Pure, he gave us these vouchers for free cover, no charge. It was almost midnite when we got to Pure and the line was freaking long, since we had all girls, we just went to the front door, hung around this one roped off box area, and were inside within 10 minutes. Those vouchers worked like a charm and we didn't pay a dime!We went straight to the bar where immediately a group of guys from Seattle bought us a round. Everybody's in vacation mode in Vegas so the drinks just flowwww. The girls and I eventually go upstairs to the rooftop. It was a cool summer night, so the rooftop was definitely a nice place to lounge and get away from the dancefloor downstairs. There were a lot of interesting people up there, so we just chatted with different people. I'll spare you the details, but by the end of the night, I had put away many, many drinks and was feeling very,very good. =P. Hands down, the best part of the entire night was the amount of $$ that us 4 handed over to Pure: $0!
3	I was on the VIP list for Ludacris' birthday part at Pure. The place was PACKED and very unorganized. The top section of the club was closed down for half the night, making it nearly impossible for anyone to move, much less dance. I've been to Pure three times and its always a pain in the butt to get in. I think everyone should go at least once, since this is a big hot spot in Vegas. But in a nutshell, i think this place is overrated.
3	Ehhh...this club was a lot better when it first opened.  Now it's just....ehhhh.The area outside the club to get in is ALWAYS a bitch.  From the long ass line to the crowd trying every which way to get in without waiting.  It's ridiculous....no organization at all.  Once you get in, there are several rooms to split up into.  The main floor is poorly laid out.  It's hard to get onto the main dancefloor, and even harder to maneuver between the main dancefloor and the bar.  It's just too damn crowded to move around.  The music is good, but nothing special.  We even went the night Timbaland was there doin his set.  The other rooms are okay, but they're either too small, or poorly lit.  This place isn't worth it.  I'd recommend Tao or Tryst.
3	Tiny dancefloor! If you like being packed in like sardines, you'll definitely love this place! The layout is simple: dancefloor/bathrooms in the back, two adjacent bars, and VIP section in the main floor and elevated upper platform. Luckily our party was in the VIP section on the main floor so we didn't have to wait in a long line...and had more breathing (and dancing!) room. Went there on a Friday night and the DJ was mashed up songs every minute, which was kinda crazy. Maybe one day I will find myself on the elevated VIP section overlooking the main floor...but that probably won't happen until I get some breast implants, bleach my hair blonde and grow three inches taller...
3	I've been here twice and both times...meh.Way too crowded and nothing special inside.   The people who go there are kind of random too.  Both times I went there, there was an hour long wait outside.   Each time I was able to get us in without waiting, but it still wasn't worth the effort.  I wouldn't recommend going there unless you don't mind the crowds.
3	Been here twice and found it just okay.The lines to get in are ridiculous.  I've seen them 200 deep.  What are you people thinking?  Either go up and bribe the bouncers (we did this once - three guys costs us $100) or go somewhere else.The 1st floor dance area sucks.  Super crowded and cramped.The 2nd floor deck that looks out to the Strip is way better.  But are you going to work that hard to get into a club and just hang out in an outside deck?Note:  If you get a free pass from a cabbie or guy on the street, they'll sometimes take them.  Never hurts to try...
3	Being in Vegas, we had to see what the clubbing scene was like.  However, we were also there on a Sunday night...so getting into Pure wasn't a problem -- we didn't even have to pay cover.  Downside:  It also meant that only one room was open.Drinks were expensive -- $12 for a shot of Patron??  and the dance floor wasn't too crowded (again, it was Sunday).  Which was good, save for the fact that there were a million men past their prime surrounding it.  But what clubbing experience is complete without the middle-aged men?All in all, it was ok, but I probably wouldn't have been as happy if i had to pay the $20-30 cover.
2	This place is so over-hyped - however if you can get over one little thing then I guess you should have more fun (talking about a table). Getting in wasn't so bad - again I don't know what my friends did but we ended up getting to the head of the line ASAP. The bartender was great and it didn't hurt that she was gorgeous.  She kept the drinks coming no despite common sense. That aside the place was packed.....not to mention that it seemed to us that everything was either a different club or roped off. There was a bathtub area.....I think it was another part of the club (?) but you had to pay extra to get in there - correct me if I'm wrong on that one. Then it seemed like everywhere we were talking to girls we kept running into ropes - there were VIP tables everywhere (1st floor, 2nd floor, etc). What a pain that was!That aside the alcohol was able to put it all to ease till one of my marine friends vomited in the bathroom - apparently that constitutes being thro......escorted out. I don't know if I should be happy or pissed about it. It was good since I fortunately was able to spot him on the way out and that the bouncers were cordial given the situation but pissed because I was the only one who spotted him on his way out - the rest of the group was out and about. F'ers! To make a long story short - I helped my friend on his departure and hijacked a limo to get us back to our hotel....how I was sober enough to pull that off is anyone's guess but I do have a picture of him with his head buried in the toilet. LMAO - and I bet you thought that was me. Guess again suckas!
3	This is one of the most poppin' place to get into in Vegas...But the wait to get in was WAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY too long. Price for admission and drinks were way high, and the place was WAAAYYYYY over packed. Thank goodness for awesome Las Vegas  Air Conditioning. Phew.
3	******* 3.5***********The music was not that great, but this club was def. a popular one in Vegas. The line was ridiculous but LUCKY we were with like 15 girls so we go in for free and quickly.  Sometimes it is so packed that people are always bumping into each other. There is a top floor with a nice view of Vegas.  I know that this club is attached to another one (which is not so great) but fun to get away and take a breather from the packedness in Pure. Oh, ps.... there are tons of hot guys! Last time I went Lynsey Lohan was there....but she's not that important :) epecially compared to me! jp
4	I think people are being a little too hard on this place. Yes, it's pack, yes, there's expensive drinks, and yes the line is long as hell, but its packed because it's a good place to go or else there would be no one there, it's expensive because it's vegas, and there's a long line because the first reason, it's a HOT club! People are saying, man it's sooo packed, well you know what...you're contributing to that "packed" club, are you not? I hate it when people are such hypocrites about things that they are also contributing to.The club is pretty damn night, there's one big main room, a small side room, a pussy cats doll louge, and the upstairs roof is pretty big itself with its own Dj and a full bar.  How is it small again? All in all, I think people are mad that they can't get in and it's also hard to get in, but once you get in, it's pretty cool, but when you're in vegas that's how it is, you expect it.
5	Perfect spot for a bachelorette party!  Loud music, good drinks, lots of young guys who want to show off their $$ with the lounge areas and willing to share their seats and alcohol with a group of girls.  :)The Pussycat Doll lounge is an additional fee, so I didn't go in there, but we saw some of the entertainment through the floor to ceiling windows on the walkway between dance rooms.   Looked crowded, but fun.  I may have to venture in someday.Up to the roof for some more lounge seating and enjoyment of the warm summer breeze.If you can somehow get passes online or through your connections, do it.  I'm one who cannot stand long lines, and luckily one girl from our group knew someone who knew someone.
4	Our second stop with my Star reporter friend while we stalk Nich Lachey and Vanessa for pt two of their bday celebration. nicer club, more interesting decor, I've performed there before for corporate events, better DJ, but still, the crowd is pretty tourist and lame. Separate section for celebirites and VIPs, but still the New Jersey-esuqe and LA factor are too overwhelming.
3	We wouldn't be satisifed until we spotted a B-list celebrity in Vegas, and Pure delivered.  Hunkered on a white couch in the VIP section sat Mike Tyson, in all his face-tatted glory, wide as an ox and dressed in a slacks and a shirt with French cuffs. He sat beside a group of Asian bachelorettes, who all had their picture taken with him in turn. The bouncer told us that the couch is Tyson's spot and he didn't know a single person in the VIP section!! He lives in Arizona now but comes to LV frequently. Sad, sad, sad.  But a celebrity, nonetheless.Pure tries to pretend it's classy/exclusive but its free passes are circulated on the strip (our guy had a black eye and we felt so sorry for him that we tipped him!) . It can't be *that* exclusive. In fact, I'd say Pure is the "people's club" -- people no matter how ugly, how unfamous are allowed to have a spot in the VIP section if they have $$.Good music, insanely dim bathrooms with a full supply of candy and cologne.  Warning: there are no chairs anywhere for non "VIP" customers so prepared to tough out the pain from your spike heels.
2	Hate clubbing so this is biased.Sucked balls waiting. We got there at 9:30 when there was like 30 ppl in line. So we were ridiculously  close. However ppl getting tables were going in first. And they were picking all dem hoes in diff area codes so our mixed group had to wait. We were literally close enough to the bouncer to talk to him. My group was right next to him, yet I think we waited an hour. Failing PURE. To make this better, Paris Hilton came to celebrate her birthday. Like I wanted to see the stupid spoiled whore.... too bad that was the reason my gf wanted to go. That made the line ridiculously worse. Failing HARD PURE. And the best part about this was that I had to pee cuz I had like 4 drinks. I lost my buzz, and after 45 min of waiting while my kidneys were bursting and bladder rupturing I had to leave the line, pee, and step on like 20 people to get back to my friends. And once we got in we had to pay 30 bucks. Okay...The place.. was ok. Upstairs is nice and cool. Small dance floor with no one really dancing. Downstairs had a lot of people and was really crowded. They wouldn't let any of us into see the pcd or paris perform because we needed a wristband. I hate Vegas clubs. FAILING HARD. I think the only way you could have fun is if you are in the late 20's and balling off your father's business or  you have a vagina and breatsisses. God it sucks to have a penis. haha jk i like standing while peeing and not bleeding every 28 days. This place sucks. Go here for a bad time. Or a maybe good time if you have a vagin.
2	ummm, overrated?  so i went to vegas for my 21st birthday and as a 21 year old, i didn't expect an older crowd at pure.  but it was like over tanned desperate housewives up at pure that weekend.  perhaps it was the crowd that i wasn't feeling or maybe it was the expensive ass bottle of water that i refused to buy but my experience here wasn't that great.  we tried the roof but it was mostly table service and house music which does not equal dance music to me.  a few of my friends had an awesome time that night but me and mine cut out early.  the line was ridiculously long but luckily we were on the guest list thanks to a lovely hookup.  you think they'd be a little more organized about the guest list though, it was just a mob of people trying to catch the attention of the bouncer... who may i say had a little tantrum when i had all my guys go through.
4	Oh...much much better than JET. Of course, no cover for us girls. As it should be...it was a bachelorette party for Pary B. The Hilton sisters were here. Heard Paris sing happy birthday to her sister. Haha. She sucks. But overall, the music was good, the drinks were expensive and there was lots of fun company. Oh but it was ridiculously crowded. We danced off the dance floor. Haha...actually we made our own dance floor by some tables. Good times. I know it was because our very own bachelorette of the night got kicked out for being too drunk.
5	5 stars for the hottest club in Vegas!  Located in the Caesars casino & hotel, this place is the most popular IMHO.  The white decor combined with the awesome lighting give this club a nice feel of high class.  It's also connected with the pussycats dolls lounge where the Vegas chapter performs on a nightly basis. I definitely recommend getting table service in the patio area during the warmer seasons.  You get a great view of the strip and it's a great way to entertain your singles who are waiting to mingle.  The music outside is usually house while inside is top 40.  It does get quite crowded, but what can you expect for the most popular club in Vegas.The line to get in will get long, so I suggest getting there at 9:30 if you aren't getting a table.  Make sure you find those guys who give out free passes but YMMV on holiday weekends.  Drinks are expensive here, but expect that from most places in Vegas.  Remember that you're in Vegas so expect to spend some mula if you want to have a good time.Van The Man's Must try : One of them pussycat dolls ;)
3	I went to PURE on Paris Hitlon's birthday (Feb. 16th). I'm kind of sad to admit this, but I actually think Paris is pretty awesome so I wanted to see her.Unfortunately, even though I added myself to the guestlist, the line was so crazy when my party arrived at 10:30 that we gave up trying to go in. I talked to a bouncer who seemed like he was totally ready to admit women first, but once he found out that I had guys in my group he said I had to wait in line. Seriously, the crowds were a MESS and the wait easily would have been over an hour.Several of my other girl friends made it to PURE anyway (and were invited into the VIP section), so I headed back at about 1 a.m. I didn't have to pay cover, and it was fun to be in VIP for awhile, except that I wasn't honestly that impressed by PURE. The decor's all white and silver and it reminded me of the inside of a large bathroom. The white curtains weren't helping either.OH - I SAW PARIS HILTON FOR A SECOND AND IT WAS THE HIGHLIGHT OF MY LIFE.The view was great upstairs, the crowd was well-dressed, and I did enjoy the atmosphere a lot, but the music was a disappointment. Let's put it this way: the DJ in the main room started playing DJ Felli Fel's "Get Buck In Here", but was so schizophrenic that s/he actually changed songs right before the line, "While you make it clap clap clap clap clap." Um yeah, I was getting ready to dance to that and you ruined my song...So for now, I can only give PURE 3 stars, due to the trouble getting in initially and also for the bad music and the bathroom-inspired decor. I would definitely not oppose to going back again though, so if my experience is better next time I'll update this.
5	I LOVE VEGAS...so of course i have to say i had an amazing time here...i was like 6 of my close girls...we went straight in..no wait..no charge..straight in2 vip...sat outside, just a beautiful nite, with beautiful ppl!
3	We had bottle service at this club and our table was a lot smaller, the room we were put in was the house music room, we were stuck next to some older geezers, but they were nice, but we did have our own bodyguard, that looked like Big's older brother, from the show Rob & Big.Thank god they changed the music half way thru the night! Well, I was too tipsy to mind, but it helped the ambiance and the mood. Other than that, getting in was a breeze, but if you don't know anyone to hook it up for you, it seriously looked like a "cattle call" outside. The lines were a mess and you have no idea where to go.The main dance room was playing some great music, from the 80's, 90's and that was an added touch. I would rather go to Tao or Tryst though.
2	Pros-Good Bottle service-Nice looking placeCons-way to crowded-girls suck there-bathrooms are hard to get to
1	UGH!  You're getting one lonely star Pure, and there's not chance of getting higher ratings because I'm not going back.  You're getting ONE star because security upstairs was nice enough to let us bring the leftover Vodka back to our hotel in water bottles.  I've tried this place numerous times.  We've always had table service - both in the main room near the back and the patio upstairs.  The patio's nice, but music's mediocre.  Music's much better downstairs, but even with a table, you're smashed in there for the night.
1	Pros:It's like high school only shinier!!Cons:It's like high school except ruled by creepy old rich lechers and aspiring gold diggers!  And whiter drugs!On the flip side the recent FBI bust means the tax evading crooks will probably be shut down soon.  So if dropping $500 to reinforce your very own self importance fantasies is your cup of tea, hurry over while there's still time to be $omebody!
5	Worth the money. You'll probably see celebrities here. You have to get there early to ensure entry.
4	Seems like I'm going against the grain here.  I had a great time here - perhaps because it was my first real "club" experience?  Sad maybe, but it was a good time.  We got free VIP passes from the front desk - we weren't staying here, but 1 of my girlfriends just asked and we got them.  We still had to wait quite a bit in line though.  No worries, ordered a couple of drinks, and the time just flew by =PI didn't pay for any drinks inside, so no comments on alcohol price performance.  Sure, it was crowded, but the music/dancing was good, and I had a lot of fun.  We were there around July 4th and DJ AM showed up around 10 pm and spun the tunes until we left.  I was psyched!If my memory serves me well, you are supposed to tip in the bathrooms too... which is weird, but such is Vegas?
2	Going to Pure was one of the worst club experiences of my life! It was my first night going out as a 21 year old in Las Vegas, and I was definitely expecting more! We were on the VIP. list, which in San Diego means you DO NOT wait in line. Not at Pure! There is a seperate VIP "line" which is actually just a slew of people trying to push their way to the front, showing some clevage, flashing some money, and trying to get in. We ended up waiting about 30 minutes to get in.Inside the club was ridiculously crowded. There is plenty of room and couches for bottle service customers. In fact, entire large sections of the MIDDLE of the dance floor were roped off for the tables and couches. The drinks were probably over priced (I didn't pay for mine) but really weak. I had about 4 and hardly felt a buzz. The bartenders were rude. The people there were painfully typical. The music was as well. Overall, not a great experience. If you only have a few nights in Vegas, do yourself a favor and go somewhere else. There are plenty of fantastic clubs in Vegas and Pure is not one of them!
1	Scenario = 11 dudes, no chicks.  Door man wants $1500 bucks just to let us in.  We have about $60.  Result = We went the Drai's and scrounged up $750 for a VIP table and a bottle of Ketel One. (http://www.yelp.com/biz/drais-las-vegas#hrid:OQRvEBDfl4S4_5a-Qi6Srw)LOL!
4	I visit Pure once a year only because it is one of the nicest clubs I have ever been to.   The attitude of the door staff is crazy, there is no way I would pay them obscene amounts of money to be let in to spend even more.   Fortunetly I have a freind who works here I used to tend bar with in college.   This allowed me to skip alot of the crap waiting outside and begging/paying to be let in.   Sorry, I would refuse to do that.Once you are inside though, the rooftop is pretty amazing.   You can see the whole strip, the women are UNREAL, and drinks are good.  Yes they are expensive, but at this point you would have to know that.  I like parts of Pure, I hate the attitude.   I would not go if I ever had to deal with that line.
4	Ah yes, Pure. So glossy. So beautiful. A very nice club indeed, but the night we went it was crowded beyond crowded. I really liked the overall design of the club; from the glossy ass walls and floors, to the many different rooms and the dance floor on the balcony. Nice. I'm sure I would've liked it more had it been less crowded, but I guess that's what we get for coming here during spring break. If you are going to come here you have two choices: get on the guest list and wait in a disorganized back to back mob of people to get in selectively or wait in a long ass line and pay to get in. Or you could just have big fake boobs and get walked in because you really are VIP. Yeah. The bouncers looked like the mob too, for real! Anyways, it is a very nice club and you have to visit Pure just because it's Pure. Seriously. Music was great in both the lower level rooms; upstairs on the balcony they were spinning house. Why?!? I would've liked it so much more if it was hip/hop. I'm just that kind of girl. The Pussycat Dolls lounge area was fun; they had some chick named Jamie Preston hosting the night in that room. She was hot and so was the chick in the large champagne glass. I think I remember some guy saying, "now that's a lady.." Most of the bouncers of this club were pretty hot too. So, there's eye candy for everyone. Oh yeah, it seems the age range is from 21 - 55. Yeah, many old men who look like grandpas. Why they were there...I don't know. If you get bottle service, it seems you will be treated well. The table areas were guarded so you had to be VIP to get through. Nice and controlled so people can party without trouble. Even the freakin bathrooms upstairs were supervised by a man who looked like Big (Chris) from "Rob & Big." Flashing lights at you when you can go in. That's how freakin busy this club was. But it was all in good fun. I'll have to come here again when it's not spring break so I can dance on the dance floor and not next to a column and some dude.
2	overcrowded. overrated.
2	The line is really long and those little vip passes are a joke. So if your a couple, mixed group, or a non barbie looking group of females expect to wait a while. Inside It was really crowded and there was more 30+ aged men than I thought there would be especially in the pussycat doll lounge. This place looks really nice the layout is great, just don't try to sit anywhere, even to fix the strap on your shoes, unless you have a table! Overall I did not have a good time because the line wait, the crowds, there was hardly anywhere to dance and thats why I go to clubs its to boogie. Also the night I went, Friday, it really seem like a Britney crowd, take it for what its worth.
1	hella stuffy.hella no space to dance.loooonnnggeessst wait ever in my life (even my party was on the guestlist).
3	We came here since Ceasar's Palace was across from our hotel and also from hearing from a lot of people that it was really nice.The club itself is nice inside and their rooftop view is spectacular!  We got there around 10:30 and stood in line and got in finally at 12.  We stayed till about 3:30.There were way too many people that walking around was a little difficult.  They had a lot of different rooms though which made it cool since there were different music playing in different rooms.  The drinks are expensive but hey, it's vegas right?We also got in for free.  They were passing out passes to get in for free and we all did (3 girls 4 guys)  Surprisingly, they also let us in with two guys wearing tennis shoes since they forgot their dress shoes.  We were hoping they wouldn't look and thank god they didn't notice at all.Guys here figure any girl there is single which ok i figure since it's vegas but they're so aggressive!  I lost count of how many times guys would grab me or try to talk to me into going back to their room!  It's crazy how people are sooo forward!  But like everyone says "what happens in vegas, stays in vegas!"Overall, the club was a nice place, long lines, expensive drinks, lots of people, and beautiful rooftop view!!! You be the decider of coming here!
3	This club was way overpacked!  I liked the layout of this place.  The rooftop lounge area was pretty cool.  We hung out in a VIP booth area, so we didn't get stuck in the crowded dancefloor.  This made the experience much better. The music was just ok. Bottle service is definitely the way to go.
2	The line here is ridiculous!! Waited in line for 2 and a half hours before. One time I had 5 girls with me and no guys, so I didn't wait at all. Drinks were expensive I believe(i was already plastered before i got in, so i don't remember what i charged). It's really packed inside all the way to the huge patio upstairs. Nice view of the strip up there though.
2	we were lucky we got on the guestlist for pure also. i would have been pissed if we had to pay to get in here too (look at my review for Tao) this was club #2 on our club hopping adventure. we went on a friday night. the place was packed, not as packed as tao, but SOOOO HOT! it was gross. they didnt have any tap water at the bar so my friend had to buy a $10 bottle of VOSS. we only stayed there for about 15 min or so and left to find another club that was better. it was k-fed's bday party there that night i guess, but i dont know if it was any better/worse because of that. eh.
3	I went to Pure on Friday night with two of my girlfriends. There was no line to get in at all which surpised me because everyone always talks about how they have to wait like 2 hours and fight the crowds, but  then again we came at like 2 am . We were on the guestlist and thought that we were in, but the bouncer guy told us that the guestlist just gets u closer to gettiing in, but not actual admission. We all had disturbed and confused looks on our faces and then he quickly told us to talk to this other guy who then stamped our hands and we were let in immediately for free- no hassle, no wait.  . It was sooo damn packed, I could barely walk through the crowd. Larry Johnson, the football player was there in the VIP area. He and his friend made it rain- which ended up paying for our cab fare! I wished they played a lil more hip hop and not so much dance music, but overall I had a good time. I would definetly go back.
3	Hmm, PURE nightclub. You hear about this place all the time. Whether it's on TMZ.com or Access Hollywood, this place gets a lot of buzz. When I went went here, it was with me and a couple of good friends of mine. We waited roughly 1 hour to get in. Probably the first and last time I'll spend that long to get into a club. I honestly had no idea what the place was going to be like, so upon entering I was amazed at the very pretty interior they had.There's a bunch of white curtains and crap decorating the place. There's an elevated VIP section straight ahead when you walk in and you're flanked by two bars. This place is also connected to the Pussycat Dolls lounge which opens up later on in the night and acts as an extension. An elevator leads you upstairs to where there are a bunch of VIP tables and another bar. The dance floor outside overlooks the strip. That night, the DJ was playing some pretty hot trance so I was digging it up there.I had a decent time with me and my friends there. There are a good amount of downsides, but mainly because I think it was the night that we went. I mean, as with any club, it can be hit or miss. First off, it took about ~150 bucks for each one of us to get loose. 450 bucks for 3 people! Ridiculous! The very attractive bartender upstairs messed up our order but my friend still proceeded to tip her generously. (Hey dude you're tipping her a lot of money! ..... I don't give a f**k, she's f**king hot!) haha. Also, there was quite a bit of testosterone rolling through the night we went.I'd visit this place again, but I'd keep my expectations low again in hopes of being surprised.
3	Everyone says it, "you have to go to pure at least once."After the first time though, I wouldn't go again. It sucks that I go back with a lotta Pure virgins (no pun intended) and have to return a 3rd, 4th, or 5th time. This place loses its novelty FAST.
3	It is what it is. It's an overcrowded night club in Vegas. A general tip about Vegas is that you have to be with an all girls club in order to get the best out of your trip. Every club we went to was FREE. Yup! And we did not have to stand in line. We were whisked away to the front of the line when we informed the bouncer that it was an all girls party. Another tip is that you can ask the front desk of your hotel. They also have free passes to the clubs that are available for whichever night you tell them.
3	Went here once on a Friday night.  Highly overcrowded and hard to get around.  Had some of the highest drink prices ever too.  I think they charged us $15 for a Jaeger Bomb.  I really expected a lot more out of this club.Only thing I really liked, was the outside lounge area overlooking the strip, but even this section is way over crowded and a lot of the area in this club is red roped off for bottle service folks, and the bouncers get all pissed at you if you end up wondering into someone's area and you don't have a set of tigoes showing and a loose vagina.
1	Arrived outside Pure at 11pm. Got in girls line. (Sorry boys no guys allowed). Friends noticed old, dirty men at Keno tables learing at us the whole time.  Finally get into club 45 mintues later. No cover. (Thank god). Paid $48 for 3 drinks (an apple martini and 2 red bull vodkas)...the most I've ever paid for drinks. Walked about the club looking for somewhere to stand/sit for an hour. Majority of space in club for VIPs only. Finally found somewhere to stand. Usually party-loving friend gets bored and asked if we can return to hotel and watch TV. About to leave, when short ghetto girls picked fight with named friend. Good thing friend is size of Heidi Klum. Neil Diamond song comes on...time to go. Out the door by 1am.
3	The lines are SUPER long and the wait time to get in takes forever. Tip: flirt with the bouncer or get hook ups! From what I remember, the first floor has wall to wall white curtains and the Pussycat Doll lounge was right next to it. The main room of the club includes a stage which is usually for VIP only. Atop a spiral staircase sits a magnificent view of the strip as well as another bar and several lounge areas. It was a gorgeous club but the music was just alright and the huge crowd of got old fast.
3	When I showed up in Vegas everyone had such a mixed review or thoughts about this place. It came down to the typical "its something you need to check out once and take it from there". Well thats about what happened as we headed out to Pure for a friends birthday.First and foremost, we did have VIP passes and I was really disappointed at the cluster fuck of a "VIP" line. It was a straight up mess. Granted I do understand this is Vegas and this club is "one of the best" according to so many locals and people who've gone out around the town. However, it was a mess. Ladies: Don't bother to get in with VIP, they'll let you in for free in a separate line that actually is organized.back to the VIP mode: As we waited for a good 45mins I notice the bouncers were pulling groups in on the VIP who agreed to buy a bottle. Ok, this is straight stupid. Granted you are on the VIP as it is but these dudes were basically hustling fools by saying "You'll get in faster if you buy a bottle". LOL fawk that. Fools were paying 300 plus for bottles of cheap Vodka, we are talking like Absolute. Well after watching a few people fall into the trap we actually were finally let in. It was about 12:30ish and this place was packed! We were trying to figure out the lay out of the club but to be honest we were  really dying for a drink. We made it up stairs where there is a nice outdoor roof top which over looks the strip. This is by far a super nice spot to chill and get away from all the cluster fuck, but to be honest, it was just as crowded if not more. We finally landed a drink after doing the Old School rave march, AKA running to the bar and being completely rude while doing it. It worked so fuck it.Well all in all this place was just waaaaaay tooo packed but we did have a great time. Downsides:Long Lines: (Both Bar and Entry)Unable to hang out:  bouncers were constantly moving the crowd which got annoying when trying to just sit in one spot and chillHandfuls of wanna be pimpsHandfuls of stuck up womenok those last two are everywhere. LOLUpsides:Plenty of places to explore, if you are willing to fight the crowd.Music; typical club wash (top 40's and old school hits)Good Views outsidesNice DecorGood PeopleOverall it was not the "shit" like everyone was telling me. However it did also represent the whole "you have to go once!".SO Average club with nice decor, decent music, and a sea of people. Yup that is pretty avg.
4	PURE is a lesson in VIPism.PURE is one of the two finest nightclubs in Vegas.PURE is where the really beautiful people come to party.PURE is where you find out that there are VIP's and then there are VIP's.It is totally entertaining to watch the crowd attempting to enter PURE.There are those people who do not have any VIP connection    they stand in the long general admission line to the right of the door.Then there is the really great line of  just women to the left of the door.A really beautiful line ...* NOTE* The left side moves much faster than the right side.Finally there is the glut of VIP's trying to enter directly in front of the door.This is truly Vegas at it's best.Some VIP's have a promotion card given to them somewhere during their stay and they wait in a small line.Once they have made it to the front  they are checked and moved to what  I like to call the "holding pen"It is an area blocked off by a design of velvet ropes.Just to the right of the doorIt is located unobtrusively to the right of the "glut" of VIP's or VIP wannabe's.The look on peoples faces when they think they have made past the VIP guards ......when they think they are actual VIP's, then - told to wait in the pen is ........ priceless.Such angst ......almost the quality of a credit card commercial  ! !Then there are the real VIP's ....They come to the door - shake hands with the attendants and ENTERNo waiting .... just come on in ....Once again the looks from everyone are pricelessThe whispers .... "who are they ?????"and .......... money does not buy your way in ..... if you are not a VIPI watched a gentleman with two lovely ladies in towwalks up to the main VIP line. Pulls out a small wad of cash -  several hundred dollarsexpected to get right in .....was asked for a VIP credentialof course his credential was the small wad of cash .....he was told to wait in the line to the right of the doorOH BABY ! ! !  The look on his face was totally priceless ......PURE - a lesson on Vegas VIP'syou better know who you are ........ and you better know who you knowPURE - total entertainment
4	I'm not much of a club guy but I like them in Vegas. Been to Pure several times now most recently for a bachelor party. Even with a table rez and bottle service, it was still a clusterfuck getting in. And every step along the way, someone wants something out of your wallet. This was not the case in the past. Want a table upstairs on the terrace? Pay up. Want to bring girls to your table because it would be a "fire hazard" otherwise? Pay up. But well played on the bouncer's part,  I wasn't gonna not pay. :)PRO:we partied like kings.CON:we weren't treated like kings.
3	Pure is a nice club because of the white decor (hence the name Pure) and the rooftop area is beautiful!!!  The view is amazing!!!  The music was really good... probably because DJ AM was spinning the night I went.  He spun some BelBivDevoe and Jackson 5 which is a nice treat away from the usual hip hop songs.The bad part about it was probably the small ass dance floor in the main room.  Worst part... there's like this wall surrounding it with a little entrance that reminds me of a skating ring.  So, it was hard to enter the dance floor or leave without trying to sandwich your way between people.  I got stuck a few times.  It was packed but I managed to dance and have fun anyways.  I'm not so sure about the crowd at Pure.  Maybe it was just that night, but there was an abundance of middle-aged white men from the South (think Republican congressmen from the Bible-belt types).  That's weird for me to see at a club since I'm from California and I rarely see groups of men of those characteristics.. other than that, half of the crowd were definitely clubbers who danced and sang along with the tunes... like when Too $hort's song "Blow the Whistle" came on, and he asked "What's my favorite word??", everyone shouted "BITCH!!". That's my type of crowd.
3	This place was Hyped up way to much for me. Lets start with upstairsUpstairs: Great music I am a HUGE house music fan but there was no place to dance the only thing to do is just stand and walk around to get drinks if they were playing that downstairs I would have created a circle. Downstairs: Downstairs was nice They could have maximize the room space by tearing down the other walls to create more space for the dance floor. because the dance floor was very packed and people sweating all over you like any other club. over all I would come back if they had more girls and not FOBS.
2	One word: OVERRATED.Seriously. I don't understand all the hype surrounding Pure.  It's a "mega-club" but it's so dang big that you wouldn't even be able to find your way out with a freakin' floor plan and compass.  I walked in on a Saturday night with twelve girls and came out with five 'cuz the other girls got lost in the ridiculous crowd.  WTF.  Granted, we didn't have to wait or pay to get in since we were a party of a dozen ladies but, that's standard in Vegas.  Pure is nothing more than a hot, sweaty, dirrrrty, crowded as all heck fire hazard just waiting to happen since it's packed ludicrously beyond maximum capacity on weekends.  The club itself reminds me of mega-clubs in NYC (like "Exit" or "Twilo" back in the day) - and most of the clientele is "bridge and tunnel," baby.  Ugh.I say - skip Pure.  It might be worth walking through and checking out the rooftop view but, once you find  an "Exit" sign, you better seize the opportunity to get the heck out.  (Warning: You might need to bring your own oxygen tank 'cuz you won't be able to breathe in that stuffy, nasty hot club. With its white decor it feels like being trapped inside a microwaved marshmallow.)
2	I think Pure is overrated. We stood in line for god knows how long. What is really annoying is the people blatantly paying the bouncers money to get into the club. Hey, don't get me wrong about paying the bouncers, it's not like I haven't done it one or twice, but I at least have done it quietly. I guess I can't complain, because girls have no cover. The interesting thing is that the boys stood in their own line and they actually waited not too much longer than we did. I thought for sure they would have to wait in line forever. I thought this club was way too crowded and we were in early too. There is no place to sit or even dance. Most of the seating areas are VIP or bottle service, which I understand, but not even a little area for a girl to sit and relax with those damn heels on? All of upstairs was VIP and Bottle service, so you can't even really enjoy the view. You literally walk out of the elevator and there is a roped off walkway all the way to the bar and that's it. You either get a drink at the bar or turn around and walk back to the elevator and fight the crowd. I'm not sure if the wait is worth it to come to this club, but I guess when in Vegas, you have to stop in to at least one club. We left at midnight and yes we had enough to drink, but the ladies line was even longer that when we stood in line. That's just CRAZY!
1	you will never find me again  in this club ..i couldnt move i couldnt dance and the drinks sucked for being almost 20 dollar a piece..it took us 30 minutes to get in and 45 to get out .. why  you ask did us take us longer to get out than to get in ? i'll tell you why because your ass cannot even find the exit with so many goddamn people and your ass moves 1 mile per hour to move your way out of the club! its ridicoulous.. yeah its true no cover for girls...but of course thats nothing to them considering you'll be spending over 80 bucks and thats just to get a  buzz going .... and on top of that even more money when you have to buy new stilettos the next day cuz yours are ruined after everybody f***ing steps on them!!
3	Here's the deal. I'm no club guy. I'm an old guy. This place was my first and last venture into a nightclub in the 21st century. Drug here by a childhood friend for a part of his little brothers bachelor party was just not something I envisioned. Was it fun? Fuck if I know. I was to busy looking at all the ass and trying not to feel like some kind of pervert. I wasn't trying to stare but holy cheee-rist times have changed. What they show you on TV and in the movies doesn't do this kind of scene justice. Are drinks expensive? Hell if I know.... I wandered around for 20 minutes just to find the pisser, finding an actual bar terrified me at that point. Drunk in this place would not be a happy thing if you were looking for someone. I have to go with 3 stars based upon it not really being my thing but for the most part young drunk people dancing and smiling don't rate 1 star.
3	I must've been really drunk or something because I distinctly remember leaving the room with $100 for the evening, and upon inspection the next morning, the only thing in my clutch was a Tampax pearl.$35 is the average cost for a round of 2 drinks. My Bellini was $17.50. I've decided that Bellini's are not the way to go anymore. A shot of 151 will do the job much more efficiently and economically. A train of people are constantly shuffling about without a real point of destination, because there really isn't anywhere to go. The experience includes a good amount of bumping and drink spilling. If you can pony up the money for imprudent quantities of alcohol, this place will have its potential!
3	I came here with a HUGE crowd. The music was OK. I believe it was DJ AM. It was REALLY crowded that night. To get a table was around $375 or so. I haven't been to Vegas in years, but it had nice decor and we had a good time.
1	I was so disappointed after going to Pure.Much like Melissa R, this was my first Vegas club experience.  I went with 3 of my bestest homies to Pure expecting to be on the guest list, only to find out we weren't and waited in line for two f-ck-n hours.... I'm not really sure if you can call it a line at all!  It was a mob-- a HUGE MOB of people just waiting to get in. sucked.Finally, when we got in, the four of us went to the bar immediately.  We had pre-drunk before we got to the line and BOY was I SOBER after all that waiting... SOBER AND THIRSTY!  Two Patron shots with Pineapple backs and a midori sour = $70 -- LOVELY!-- is that NORMAL?! I guess it was, no one else  in the group complained about their tab..So after taking my shot, I was ready to party.... (not really, but I was trying).  Me and my bff TRIED going into the dance floor to have some fun... TRIED and FAILED--- =(  The dance floor was SO PACKED, SO-FRIGGIN-BACK TO BACK-PACKED, I don't know how it was possible for ANYONE to dance there....Our group went upstairs to the opened-top... that was alright.  The space was REALLY SMALL and security won't let you stand ANYWHERE! people were scrunched up in a SMALL CONFINED CORNER like cattles!!.. people....which would include us!my bff got sick, so after 2 hours of waiting to get into a disappointing club, the two of us left 45mins after entering Pure.  On our way out thru the casino, there was a guy handing out free admission passes to PURE, we sed OH HELL NO THANKS.... While we were waiting for a cab, the group of girls in front of us also left Pure and was saying how horrible it was... yes beautiful girls.. i DO agree!  There is NOTHING ANYONE can say or do to make me EVER go back there.... EVER.
2	It was so crowded and the line was so long. There was barely any room to dance on the dance floor.
3	I think there is more bad than good here.  The good:  1. The VIP area near the dance floor is super chic.  2. The upstairs deck is really nice because you have a great view of the strip.  3. The music is good.The bad:1. The area outside the club is filled with tons of people trying to get in.  There is a separate line for guest list, non-guest list and girls only. Unless you know someone who can hook you up, it is not worth waiting for.2. The dance floor is too small for the masses of people trying to dance.  Guaranteed some random smelly guy will grind on you until you shoo him away. 3. If you don't have a table, your feet are throbbing and your toes will be numb at the end of the night.4. The drink prices are way too high.So, the bad outweighs the good.  Won't being returning.
3	So, for the bachelorette party, this was one of our stops.  I actually enjoyed Pure.  Aside from some guy on the dance floor who felt the need to try and spank me, it was great fun.  We met some nicer guys, danced around, and had a great time.  It was a bit crowded, but there were plenty of different areas to trek through to find space.  After watching the Pussycat Dolls perform (the lead singer was not there), we went to the dancefloor and just had a good time.  Brody Jenner was there that night, so they made sure there was good music.If there were halves, I'd say 3.5.
3	ma ma ma ma meat mar-ket! me: *shakin ass and minding my own business*random guy #1: *runs fingers across the top of my thigh as he walks by winking and smiling at me*me: *WTF facial expression and thoughts of whooping his ass for touching me like that*me: *once again shakin ass and minding my own business*random guy #2: "hey girl what's your name? where you from?"'me: "my name is kristin; i'm from oakland" *turned back around and kept dancing* random guy #2: "oh hey that's cool! can i take you to breakfast?"me: "no" (thinks to self - did he really just ask me to breakfast?!?!) *turned back around and kept dancing* random guy #2: "why you gotta shut me down like that?! i'm from motown records; i'm a millionaire."me: "that's cool" (thinks to self - bitch you ain't from motown and you sure as hell ain't no millionaire. shit you probably work down the street as a clerk at wal-mart) *turned back around and kept dancing* random guy #2: "what you don't believe me?! i'll give you my name, address, social security number.. whatever you want!"me: *laughs* "honey you don't wanna do that... i investigate people for a living. so come monday morning i'd know everything about you and know you're lying" *turned back around with shit eating grin and kept dancing* random guy #2 "oh that's cool, ya that's cool"me: *rolled eyes, laughed, then turned back around and kept dancing* this is most definitely one of those places where having a table and being VIP is an absolute must! the walkways are WAAAAY too crowded with sweaty people shoving past you to get anywhere. the dance floor is packed and also super small. the music is really good and they play a pretty good variety of old and new stuff. the bartenders are really friendly and the place is pretty clean. the best part of pure was their alcohol selection.....standing at the bar....bartender: "what can i get you?!" *big smile on his face*me: *visually skimming the shelves deciding on what vodka i wanna drink. then my eyes skim past the clear bottles with my FAVORITE colored labels!* "OMIGOD... *shit eating grin* i'll have a hangar lime and tonic!!!"bartender: "WOW very nice choice.. no no the best choice!" me: *giggles with excitement!!!*YES YES YES i'm in vegas and they serve hangar one! this would probably be the only reason i would even wanna go back to pure. in all the club is too crowded unless you're in VIP, and way too much of a meat market for me! BUT with hangar one on the shelves, i would totally tolerate more nights in here!
3	Pure is a nightclub that tries to sell itself on being 'an experience'.  I mean it's a nice club, don't get me wrong, but it's certainly not Shangri-La in there.I was there with a big entourage of guys.  We weren't on the guestlist.  There was literally a mob of people waiting in a semi-formed line.  That mob stretches out the casino.  We had to pay something ridiculous on the hush to the bouncers to get in AND get a table for a price which from what I remember was close to being robbed by pirates.  When we did get our table, it was pretty nice and a lot of alchohol was included.  Unfortunately ... we couldn't even finish it all and believe me, we tried.  We eventually had to invite some random girls and even friends of friends to come over to drink with us.  We were pretty much forced to buy a table and bottles of alchohol that none of us wanted or needed because after we got plastered, we made our way to the dancefloor anyway.  The dancefloor is extremely small, like NYC lounge small.  If you plan to dance, be prepared to do it elbow to elbow.  The crowd on the dance floor seemed pretty tense and defensive when we tried to mingle.  We got to see the Pussycat Dolls performance.  Our table was right in front of the stage.  That was pretty cool, actually ... from what I can remember.The upstairs smoking/lounge/techno area is a nice touch.  You get a good view of the strip from here.  Overall a fun club but the hassle of getting in, exorbitant prices, personality-less crowd, reduced the enjoyability of this place for me.  Oh yea, I didn't come to this club 'to be seen' or whatever.  I came to this club to have a good time.
3	So on Saturday, just about 22 of us decided to descend on Pure the Nightclub at Caesar's Palace Hotel.  We had originally planned to have about 26 guests, but for whatever reason the individuals who had committed to our evening became a 'no show'. Nevertheless, the party had to go on, and we had more than enough testosterone to make this evening pop. Jumar and I went to the club early to attempt to connect with security and possibly get us into the club earlier. I had been corresponding with our host Shawn Olyaie (702.812.3679) since January. He was recommended by a Las Vegas Legend & internet acquaintance of mine Jack Colton (http://www.jackcolton.com/), check the site. Shawn and I spoke over texts and brief emails, he had guaranteed a 4 bottle minimum if most of our party were going to be females. However, when the evening actually transpired all we could produce were two women of the 22+ people in our party. This fact only made it more difficult for me, because no club host in their right mind would allow 20 bald Asian guys into the club at once. But I was determined, so I introduced myself to the man with the clipboard, his name was 'Ray'. After waiting about an hour, they opened the club, fortunately I was at the front of the line, and Ray grabbed my license then confirmed that I had a table reservation. He said that if I wanted all 22 of our party into the party that I would have to switch to a 7 bottle minimum. I refused. But I knew that the bachelor was going to be uber - disappointed if I could not get them in. I then said to Ray, 'what is it going to take to make him honor our reservation'. He looked at me, and I put two fingers in the air.He nodded. We were in.I told Jaeson to gather the troops and walk them over to the VIP line; they counted each head and put us in front of their core staff. Their staff was comprised of six footers, all in black and with little white plugs in their ear. Little did I know that I would have to deal with one other additional gate keeper before we were actually let inside...My celebration was short lived.So there I was standing toe to toe with another Asian cat, he said that we would need to up our minimum from 4 to 7. I again refused, but this time he looked me in the eyes and said that there is no way that we are going to get in at this price. I thought geez I need to grease this guy too? I did not want to resort to that, so I stood there and asked if there was anything that he could do for me. He said, "I can put your party at a 6-8 person table". I told him that 'would not work', he said, 'look if you want to get in that is the sacrifice you are going to take, 20 dudes'. Finally I said, "Look I tipped your man out there just to get here and I am not unreasonable,  we even got here early, Bro, I would really appreciate it if you would honor Shawn's reservation".  Then the strangest thing happened.He just gave in. He said, "I will put you on the Terrace, table 62".Well so up we went, up the glass elevator through the white corridor to the Terrace. It was now about 10:50pm, the club was virtually empty and by the time we actually saw where this table was, I was somewhat distraught. The table was set aside from the main party; it was close to the restroom and the kitchen. So was this it, did they jack me at the door? Only time would tell, this is when the people started to peel in.In all reality, the table was perfect. It gave us a straight shot to the lower level stairwell and it also allowed most of the guys at our party to scope the females that were waiting in the restroom line. So there it was, after much ado the party went off.The final hitch came when we ran out of alcohol. No one realizes how fast four bottles go at a club, but there it was our party wanted another bottle, a Magnum Grey Goose in fact. So I collected about $410 from the party and went to get the rest out of the ATM. But just my luck the ATM that I went to would only allow me to get a couple of hundred out. I decided just to put it on my card, I ran upstairs and I saw Francis. I asked him if he had seen our hostess (Andrea), he told me 'no' so he and I went on a search to get her. We finally caught up with her; I told her here is the cash and charge the rest. But that is when, Francis jumped in and said give me the cash and I will charge the entire thing. I looked at Francis, he nodded. I promised to pay him back the next day, but he refused to take my money.Thanks to all those who came out.  ART, JANOS, ERNESTO, KEN, LAR, WENDELL, DONALD, JAIMIE, AARON, REX, JASON C, ALAN, DAN, MARK, RAMON, CHRIS and MIKE.Congratulations to CV. Special Thanks to Jaeson VIP, Jumar and Francis A.www.cvbparty.com
2	Holy white sheets! Am I in a cloud? This is one of the lamest clubs I have ever been in.  Between the overabundance of white (i get it it goes with the pure theme) and the subpar music, this was easily my least favorite club on the strip.  Everything is overpriced and there's nothing exciting to it.  Where as clubs like Tao and Tryst have something spectacular to see, Pure looks like your grandma hung up some white sheets in her house and is letting you play party planner for the day.  Completely disappointed in this club and still trying to figure out why it is considered one of the hottest clubs, maybe everybody is blinded by the white.
2	Ah, Pure. So much hype around this place and the line outside sure proves it. It is a breeze for girls to get in and pure rubbish (for lack of a better word) I assume for the guys. It is 3 stories of the usual - music, guys, girls, booze galore. The decor and layout is very classy and actually one of my favorites. And the Pussycat Dolls Lounge with the live show can easily catch the attention and awe of both guys and girls. But after roaming the place for a couple of hours, I was done! The place HAD to be over capacity. It was overly crowded and no where to dance or stand. I felt like there was always a security behind us flashing his light and saying, Keep it moving. Well, if I was a size negative 100 maybe I can comfortably slip myself between this crack in the wall and relax. But alas, no. It was so bad that I started giving the person in the wheelchair the evil eye and annoyed that he was taking up so much space. =/ Bad, I know. So, we wandered and wandered around until we had enough and just said peace out!This was years ago and the idea of it still makes me shudder.
3	I've never had to wait or pay to get in thanks to the bouncers. However, the place gets insanely packed. The dance floor gets crowded and people spill their drinks all over the place, including onto your dress.
1	Let me get right to the point.  I disdain this nightclub.  I'm not typically the "nightclub" type of guy, but I do dance.  PURE, in Caesar's Palace, embodies everything I hate about big nightclubs.For one, the people that go there, and the employees, are pretentious.  Now, I'm not the kind of guy that has legit game in everyday life. But, hey, sometimes I get lucky!  In a club, however, I have no game.  No "club game," as I like to call it.This review is not about how I had no game at a club called PURE.  This review is about the compactness of the club, the attitude of the bouncers, and the type of people that typically frequent this club.I was here for a bachelor party for my buddy, John.  The posse in total reached 12 of us. We were all fortunate to have the groom's cousin -- a generously proportioned gentleman named Louie -- rolling with us.  Looking like an old-school mafia gent, he spoke with the "man in charge" of letting people in.  Whatever Louie mumbled in that person's ear enabled us to bypass a group of overly-bored people in line.  Who knows how long they must've waited to get into this Night at the Roxbury-inspired club, but we got inside in 5 minutes.Once inside, our $125 each enabled us to get a roped-off, private booth with bottles of Jack, Grey Goose, countless other streams of steady alcohol, and of course cranberry and orange juice.Apparently, Louie gave the bouncer, who was in charge or securing the booths so that no one came in, some money to bring girls over to party with us.  Hey, cool!  Only, these are not the kind of girls that I would normally talk to in the outside world, and honestly, probably wouldn't be interested in me the type that would be interested in me either.  One of the other groomsmen and myself noticed that some of the bachelor party participants went out and met girls in the dancefloor and bar areas. We thought to ourselves it might be a good idea to do the same.  The whole club scene at Pure is plastic.  I'm not sure if this is the kind of girls this club attracts, or if this is what is necessary for seemingly "everyday-looking" girls to look like to get into this club. Our search turned up fruitless until much later in the night. We had met two frualeins who were attractive, and in such attire that would suggest they were as out of place as we two were.  While chatting them up, a third friend joined of theirs joined us.  I asked my fellow Groomsman-in-Crime if he thought it would be a good idea to invite them back to our booth with all the rest of us.  Afterall, some of the other guys were doing it, and there were also the ones that the bouncers just handed over to us like napkins for us to use.We agreed to ask if they wanted to come over to our booth for drinks.  They accepted our offer and walked with us towards our roped off booth.  Here's where the problem starts, and why the stigma I have towards PURE encouraged me to give my first 1-star review.I asked the 6'5", linebacker-framed, bouncer if it was ok to bring the 3 girls we met into our booth.  He did the patented looking up-and-down, sizing up of the girls and turned to me and said "No."  Yes, I knew why he said no. These weren't club-caliber girls. They were pretty, just not very "revealing" in their attire.The rest of the conversation goes like this:Me:  Why not?Big Bouncer:  Because they're not pretty enough.Me:  Huh? They're pretty to me.Big Bouncer:  Louie said to bring only pretty girls. I don't think he'd think they would qualify.Me:  (Not really knowing Louie that well, but felt qualified to speak as if I did)  But Louie would be happy if I'm happy.Big Bouncer: (Looking at them one more time to see if maybe he overlooked something he didn't catch the first time around)  Bro, look at the girls that are already there.Me: (Looking at what I already knew. This time seeing boobs nearly hanging out of their tops, and ass cheeks playing "peek-a-boo" out of their short, hiked up skirts.) Yeah. They're just not my type.-Nearly giving up, I start to ask...-Well, can I at least fix them some drinks?I must've score what amounted to a small victory, because he gave me that "I give up arguing with you" look and agreed to my request.  Yes, the drinks that I helped pay for.  What a guy!As I turn back to address the situation to the girls, I had not realized they were so close behind me.  I sort of knew then that they were close enough to have heard everything.  I asked if they wanted me to fix them drinks.  They politely said they were tired and were going to head home.Ugh.Gee, PURE. You managed to screw up the one good thing the night had going for it. I guess if I wasn't rollin' with a posse that included Big Louie and $125 just to get in, I probably wouldn't be Pure-worthy for your nightlcub.Congratulations!!  Your classlessness and lackluster dancefloor just earned you my very first 1-star review.  Karma's a bitch.
3	So wat I like about this place is1) I've never had to wait in line to get in and2) I've never had to pay to get in. 3) I LOVE the rooftop big plus bc we don't have that here in Chicago. At least not a night club.  Music was ok. Rooftop Bouncers DICKS! Wont get into details. It's a HUGE place but wouldn't b anywhere but the rooftop.
3	My review of PURE is from when I came here with my girls back in 2006 - I know, 2 years old but I must share the experience! The lines for this place are ridiculous and from reading other people's reviews it seems like not much has changed. There is a regular line and then a ladies only line. We were a small group of 6. The ladies line is just as long as the regular one! We proceed to the back and these catty girls ask us if this is the VIP line - we were like I guess - they look at us as if we don't belong. Whatever right? I can't stand to wait any longer. My gf disappears on us and the next thing I know we are getting out of line. Those catty girls make the comment, "see told you they were in the wrong line." The best part - seeing those girls jaws drop as we walk straight to the front and get in. That was sweet and I took pleasure knowing they would probably not get in for another hour or so! HAHAHA! Also, I can't stress how many ppl wait to get into this club - i'm talking hundreds at least it seems that way! This club is huge - we watched the Pussycats perform, got down on the main floor where we saw the first season dude from Apprentice and his now fiance/wife from E. I really liked the rooftop and easily made our way to the VIP area with bottle service courtesy of a group of guys we met celebrating their bachelor party. As the night goes on, this place starts to get really crowded however. They pack so many people in that you can't even dance properly and you get sauna sweaty hot. At that point, it's time to go and hit  the next club.It was a fun experience - but I do prefer the smaller venues where you can dance with some breathing room!
4	Pure... -alcohol-playboy bunnies-good music-guidos-sluts-foreigners
1	Once again, all hype and no style. So what its a few rooms, dark lit with loud music? Theres no character here. Theres def NO order. Club opened 30mins late, people with tables took an hour to get in. Theres 3 lines. The girls, the 'guest' list, and GA. GA dont get in, dont bother. Guest list is 1.5-2hrs+. I saw girls trickle in, but I think its based on whoreshness, not style or looks. The guestlist and table 'line' is a mob of ppl standing in front of a rope. No line. No indication what area is for who. GL getting to the front if your not there 1hr before opening. It was a hot sweaty mosh pit with no music. At least you get balls and boobs pressed up against you.Its a 3 bottle min. Thats a cool $1200 (excluding tips). Guest list is a joke. Unless you see your host, your wait will be 1.5-2hrs. $50 tip wont get you in any quicker. 'Dress code enforced' means as long as you know how to untuck your shirt over your jeans - your fine, and you get to look like every other bozo there!Drinks $10+. High, but not too high.  Theres more room roped off for private parties than the ~2000 other people. Good luck finding room to stand. Oh thats if you can find a spot to stand without being ushered along. Enjoy the sea of endless moving people. Not recommended at all. Go to NYC for a real niteclub.
3	If my friends & I had to pay to get it, this would've been 2 stars instead of 3.  I'm more of a bar/lounge type of girl & do not know much about clubs & what is considered a "good" club.  Pure is just another overrated nightclub, but that doesn't mean I won't go back.PROS:- Rooftop had a great view & lots of ventilation :)- Lots of pretty people- We didn't pay a coverCONS:- Drinks were ridiculously expensive ($26 for a Vodka Cran & Vodka Redbull)- Gets pretty crowdedThe highlight of my night was when this really creepy guy was hitting on these two Asian girls.  My friends & I had a great laugh out of it... until I realized I became his next target (even though I was dancing w/ my boyfriend the whole night) - ugh.I had a fun time, but I'll probably try another club next time.
4	okay, so I'm new to yelp so this review is a little late... sorryWe went to Vegas for a bachelorette party weekend and ended up at Pure.  We were escorted in right away.  I have to say though, I remember seeing a sea of people waiting to get in... i sort of felt sorry for them!!!  We had a fun night though,(met the black eyed peas minus Fergie) and loved the outside area.  I think we spent most of our time outside.  One of the bouncers was super nice to us and we didn't have any problems with bouncers being mean...maybe because there were about 9 girls.  Either way, I'm nervous to go there with my husband because I heard they're not too nice to men...
5	best freaking VIP service ever.. because that's how i roll.
2	OVER FRIKKIN RATED.So we had to wait in line for over an hour (cuz we had our BFs with us) while we watched countless hootchie mamas stroll right to the front of the line to get in. My girls and I could've easily ditched the BFs and get in while THEY waited in that horrendous line... LOL... but of course we didn't.On top of that, when we got in line they said it was going to be a $20 cover charge, so we say "OK, not bad" and stay. But when we finally get to the booth, they drop a bomb on us and tell us its $40.... EACH. WTF? And for some stupid reason we actually paid that shit.... I think it was because we had waited in line all that damn time and we didn't want it to be for nothing. But a big FUCK YOU goes out to you Pure Night Club for lying and jacking up the prices at the last minute.Ridiculously steep prices on drinks, even a bottled water would set you back almost $10. Uhh, no thanks. Highlight of the night was that we saw Dave Chappelle and Chris Rock while we were in line. *see pics*
3	The only reasons I gave this place a three star are the following:1) Didn't have to wait in line. I am completely in awe of my friend's skills at getting us into any place for free without having to wait in line or pay, regardless of time or crowds. 2) Did I mention we didn't pay cover?3) Themed rooms. Reminded me of the clubs I went to in the UK and Greece, just with crankier bouncers, but good music.4) Balcony. Love the fact that they still had air conditioning outside, because it was hella hot and humid. View was great, both of the strip and cute English boys fresh out of the academy. ;)Okay, the rest kinda blew. Too crowded and how much for a water...$8?! Hell, I just spend two more dollars and got myself a g&t...almost like water but tastier and that way I couldn't feel the pain in my feet from my heels. What threw me the most was finding the restroom. Okay, I was slightly tipsy and dizzy, but seriously...the bathroom is across the dance floor behind the dj???? The direct way would be to go through the VIP, but it was packed and the bouncer refused to look up from my chest. So, it took me 10 minutes and the help of a big guy to get halfway through tightly packed bodies trying to keep time to the music. I finally found a massive Samoan bouncer chilling by the railing and I pleaded for help. He agreed and thankfully we plowed through the mass of people until I finally reached my goal. Upon arrival I found that I had a drink spilled down my back and two on my front. Lovely. Don't even ask how long it took me to get back to my friends...let's just say they had already sent out a search party to make sure I was all right. Oh, and then one friend told me they had a restroom upstairs that was easier to get into. I was going to stomp on his foot, but then found that my toe strap had just broke on my heels. Grr. Urm, aside from that, still had fun and not all the bouncers were prats and the bar guy was nice and made a fabulous g&t. Would I come back...maybe, but it would be towards the bottom of my list.
5	PURE was the first real nightclub I'd ever been to in my life, much less Las Vegas. My boyfriend at the time and I went on a Tuesday night (it was jam packed), didn't have to wait in line, and were able to snag a spot right by the bar. Drinks were good... typical Vegas pricing. Shots were huge! The DJ was really good and I'll always remember getting down to Golddigger by Kanye West as one of my favorite times in Vegas ever! In my opinion, the best part of PURE is the outdoor patio. So beautiful and refreshing to take a break from the rocking club scene below. Yay for PURE, and I hope to go back soon!
3	1.  It's a beautiful club.  I looove the White Room and the outside/upstairs patio.2.  There's a girls' line - quick entry, no cover charge!3.  Minus 1 star because it's always too crowded.  I usually stay upstairs...it's a lot easier to breathe up there, let alone dance.  4.  The security guards in the hallways are so damn anal.  "This is a passing area only!  Keep moving!  Keep MOVING!"Overall, it's a club that you should definitely check out once, but it's really not worth a return visit.
3	Ok so i went to pure on a sunday night.  No line, not sure what the price was since i did not have to pay, and yeah it was definitely slow in the beginning, but it started picking up after 12:00am... they only opened the top which was actually really beautiful, which is why the 4 stars. It over looks the strip and just has a really nice feel. While walking up stairs i saw all the other rooms and the place looked huge!! music was good for that sunday! My husband came here another night and said it was PACKED, like could not move, suffocating, hot packed.  But he was in the VIP so it didnt matter much to him.  He also was comped so we dont know how much it is to get in.. sorry! Overall cool club to go to! would go again if i did not have to wait in line or pay!!  sorry dont like paying to have a good time!
2	The venue is pretty cool.But the service sucks here.We paid for bottle service, since it was for a bachelor party and wanted to make sure everyone got in.The host was so so, we always had to poor our own drinks, and the bouncer thought very highly of himself.  Needless to say we made it a fun night, but it wasn't because we were at PURE.  I wouldn't recommend the place.  Maybe i need to go back again just to make sure it wasn't a fluke.
4	The line to get into this club frequently looks like an American Idol audition.  Wrapping itself around the casino like a lone strand of hair framing her pallid face.Most of whom will never see the synthetic diamond maker.. uh-I-mean main dance floor that they've got inside.  These clubbers have mastered the hard-on bumber-car clothed-orgy lock and sway.  Clown-car'ing 500 drunk, stoned, and horny people into a boxing ring sized area so as to get sexually assaulted while ruining the outfit they just spent a weeks salary on, bewilders me!  . . . is MDMA still that popular?!?Dancing through various rooms, with acceptable music and consistent themes leeds you to the Pussy Cat lounge, which is burlesque'y and fun.  Typically less crowded, and much cooler (temperature).  I think my drink was cheaper, too. (?)PURE is an OK club..  with a fucking awesome patio!The patio, white room, and Pussycat lounge- pulls from the heavens a fourth star.Be warned those with small bladders-Lacking much needed facilities; a what would have been quick release of that 3rd $15 Stoli Vanilla + Rockstar, or in my case the 5th bottle of $6 Fiji, becomes a 10-20 minute ordeal.Pure has a constant theme, sexy patrons, A-List allure, European pull, fun and happy feel, and an excellent patio.To get in VIP and not pay.  Dress like you could buy life, and be nice.Be Well!X
4	It wasn't what I expected but still very nice.  I thought that it would be one very large room/lounge, but the setup is actually several rooms.  It wasn't as big as I thought it'd be...  Anyway:Likes  Music; good mashups, none too long!Clean bathrooms :DDecor is very cool and clean, and lush in the red room.  View of the patioGripes:Drink pirces!  $15!Music on the patio.  but i'm biased, not too big on house...Main dance floor coulda been bigger.Ladies: As in all other clubs, plenty of skeezy boys around to grab/stalk you.Enjoy!
5	The only reason it deserves 5 stars:The old Amish man with the white beard and the top hat that dances in the Pussycat Doll room during the weekends.I love him so.
3	The line here is way longer than Tao nightclub. You need to squeeze your way to the front of the line to get in sooner. There is like several lines. my bf and i got on a guestlist online, so we got in for free around 10-11pm. We even got the VIP card thingy as we were entering the entrance, but those cards isn't even useful! So, many people get them too and the wait is like longer. The music was okay, but no one was dancing!!! So weird. There is a Pussycat Doll lounge in the club too, which is more popping than the club itself. I liked the lounge because there was girls in lingerie singing and dancing on the stages. Not as exciting as i thought it would be and I came here on a Saturday night too.
1	For a club with such a long line, I would have figured it to be fantastic and fun!  That was not the case and I did not even have to wait in the line.  I did learn if you agree to bottle service they will get you in right away, but that's true for most Las Vegas clubs.  OK, so now imagine I'm walking into the club, past the pussy cat lounge... and into the  club, what song do I hear but the one the OLD NELLY, you know the guy that used to wear the band aid on his face?!?!  OK so I was like, OK cool oldies with new songs this will be chill.  12 songs later and I still felt like I was in 2004.  There was not one good song that I was excited about, and I get excited about a lot of songs.  Maybe it was too early for them to play the good songs but midnight is not incredibly early.  So I decided to go to the DJ booth to request a good song, eh they don't take requests.  Come on your telling me a FAKE DJ using A MAC computer does not have the good songs, or cant download them!!?!?!? That's not a real DJ anyways, learn to spin buddy!  My one star, half goes to the old man with the white beard that was dancing with all the ladies, props to you mah brothah!  After this and seeing that there was not bar I could get up to, I decided to go upstairs to the outdoor patio.  They were playing techno, which is OK, not my favorite but I enjoyed it more.  $5 a beer, not incredibly bad for Vegas.  My second half of my star goes to the awesome bounder who had only worked there for 2 days and was laughing at all the drunk girls grinding on each other and showing us their booties.... Hilarious!   I guess you really do have to be a G or hook up with one to have the best time possible in Vegas... well that or just go to a better club.OOH and one more thing, on their TVs that showed their Ad's. the adds that kept playing were for two nights earlier, way to advertise wisely, now your club just looks dumb and not prepared for the evening.
4	This is one of my favorite clubs in Vegas. However, if you don't have connection to get in, I would not recommend it. The line on a Saturday night is unbearable - it snakes around the casino and out the door. Why would anyone wanna wait in a line that long is beyond me. Inside is huge and it doesn't get so crowded where you can't move and breath. There are several dance floors playing different kinds of music and an outdoor area on top of the roof. I thought the crowd cool, not as trashy as LAX.
2	This place was a disappointment.  I got right in with two of my girls, but 6 of my other ones, who came in actually much earlier, when there shouldn't have even been a line, had to wait almost 45 minutes (ok, it could have to do something with the 'pretty' factor.. I'm not sure.. lol)drinks were $10 each, not the end of the world compared to some clubs.  The dance floor was crowded.  It was so-so.  The roof top bar was nice, although the music up there was kinda strange.  Out of all the clubs in vegas, this isn't one I'd want to go back to - they seem to be hurting for business, and trying anything to get large convention groups to buy in for a nite.
4	i hate clubs...but i liked pure.drinks were way to much.. but it's vegas.drink of the night? Jack on the Rocks (ps. don't drink this after eating a NICE steak dinner with red wine)hot dancers.great DJsrolled up with 6 girls and i still had trouble getting in... go diamond card!all n' all... one of the best clubs i've seen in vegas.OH! and they have a coat check... and the best bathroom selection of smokes i've ever seen in my life! (upstairs)
3	I hate Vegas clubs but why do I always end up at them!? I really don't know! There is always somebodys bday or friend in town, blah blah. Ok so this time it was my friend's cousin in town and someone's bday, etc etc. Point is I ended up here. After my horrible experience here 2 yrs ago on my bday I promised to never return. I guess I lied to myself. 2 yrs ago it was all girls and 2 guys, all the girls could get in no problem and free, but the guys we did not want to leave them behind and they did not want to pay the big bucks to get in quickly so we ended up waiting, in a long lone (very) long line. took freakin forever to get in and when inside it was HOT and gross in there.So this past weekend we went. We were put on the guest list. There was a long line for general admission, long line for girls, and an area for the "guest list" which was not a line, just a bunch of people ( I would say at least 100 people) smashed up against eachother-did not move for 30 minutes. So refusing to wait in line we talked to bouncers, they said we needed to "find a way to the front" if we had guys with us. If it was us girls only, he would let us in. OMG! Why do I keep going with guys!? why?!So we decided to get bottle service. $1,000 for 2 bottles and a section to sit down. It was a totally different experience than standing the entire night. My feet really thanked me. We got really lucky though! They were filming Keeping up with the Kardashians that night and so we got to see all the Kardashian sisters up close and personal in our section of the Pussycat Dolls Lounge. Also got to see Pussycat Dolls perform. Pure gets 3 stars for good music and the celebrities I got to see up close.But the main area with dancefloor, can we get any more crowded. I had to practically molest people to get by. Someone slap me the next time I am talked into Pure.
4	Didn't have to wait in line or pay cover.... as usual! I love being a girl. Out of all the clubs, I liked the crowd at Pure the most. People were fun and friendly and I was always getting whisked away by some men to dance with. And I met Paris Hilton at Pure. She was debuting her short bob haircut at the time. She was extremely friendly and it was pretty funny and amusing to watch her as she was singing along to her own songs and doing ridiculous poses for everyone so that they can take pics of her. LOL! Drinks were pretty pricey but being an alcoholic expert, I knew to get super faded before hand and to only get a couple of drinks at the club to minimize the expenses. Or meet some guys, let them buy drinks for you and then say "Excuse me, my friend is all alone and I have to see her" and ditch them for the rest of the night. They have the main "white" room (which is where I mostly hung out), the "red" room and an upstairs, outdoor patio. Loved the patio as it had a great view of the strip (OK not as good as Moon but it was pretty cool looking down at everyone). Sucks that it was like 90 degrees outside and I hurriedly went back in to utilize the AC so my sweaty ass wouldn't look like I just came back from the gym. Can't complain cuz I had a ton of fun!
2	Sooo overrated!  Atleast on their Tuesday nights.  Seems to me that they just let everyone and anyone into the club.  Granted my friends and I were able to convince the coked up bouncer to let us in for free, it still wasn't worth our time, totally cramped in there, and people were seriously either really glammed up or wearing t-shirts and jeans.  Maybe its different on the weekends, but I seriously was not impressed with the hype.
2	When you go to Las Vegas, the things you must do are: Gamble, Drink, Eat, and enjoy the nightlife.  I have had the opportunity to go to Vegas many times and have gone to a few clubs.  One of the clubs I have been to is Pure, a nightclub in Caesar's Palace made famous by DJ AM (before he opened LAX in the Luxor) and the Pussycat Dolls Performances.  From my experience, I have gone to better places.First, your jaw will drop when you see the line to get in.  I remember the first time I went there my buddy and I just had it and just tipped the bouncer to get us in.  Once you get in, good luck moving.  I do not think the people who designed a nightclub realized that people like to dance at nightclubs.  They inserted too many hallways and not enough floor space for people to have fun.  Not going to complain about the prices at the bars since all clubs charge about the same for the alcohol.  I will give Pure an A+ for the hiring of their bartenders.  They were absolutely beautiful and outshined a lot of the girls at the club.All in all you should try to go to the other clubs avaliable on the strip.  To me, the bouncers act like DMV employees giving the behind-the-wheel driving test; it's their faith to decide whether you pass or not.   Good Luck.......
4	Pure sex. That's all that needs to be said about PURE.The best dj's (kanye somehow ended up on stage last time I was here) with the best music spinning.Table service is the best way to enjoy PURE for me. Last time, we managed to score a good table and ended up partying with Tito Ortiz and a bunch of his floozies. The outside area is a great idea to cool off and catch your breath after dancing for a few hours with the 2 girls you just met and will end up spending the next 12 hours drinking and gambling with followed by a hot tub session in your room. God I love Vegas.They really need to bring back the Vegas Baby! commercials because they captured Vegas perfectly.
5	I thought I had been to clubs in SF, but after my visit to PURE this weekend, I consider the clubs in SF really nice bars. PURE was remarkable. The level of party this place has is out of this world...I was here with my college boys for a bachelor party (Man DOWN!), and although we were 11 guys deep, (not club friendly), we were able to skip the vast line with a nice little donation. Best $20 I've ever spent to get into a club.Immediately, we were inundated with the vastness of PURE. Multiple rooms, with coves here and there. Although packed, the number of bars throughout the place allows you to find an easy opening for a drink. The bartenders were actually really quick, and the drinks were stiff. Something I didn't really see coming.We didn't have a table, but I actually enjoyed walking around this place. It has a great upstairs outdoor patio that has a spectacular view of the entire strip. The whole place is just class.The main dance floor was packed which made it all the more fun. The DJ was lively, the floor was shaking, and people were having a great time. Vegas just makes people let loose, which is great, and allows everyone to just enjoy the night. Strangers become friends quickly, and the number in your party just grows and grows.PURE was awesome. You have to see and experience it when you visit Vegas. I love my SF hot spots, but after this visit, I have high expectations.To the Bachelor...may you tread water for life...
3	Even a couple years back when Pure was the "it" place, I thought it was just alright. We even got a table on New Years. There was nothing that stood out about Pure. "Pure" lives up to its name -- it IS quite a pure atmosphere. But it was also dull, and lackluster. I don't think I would hit up PURE unless everyone else wanted to go. And for awhile now, nobody has ever suggested going.
4	We found our way to Pure after an amazing meal at Sensi and some after dinner cocktails on the patio of Treasure Island.  Walking up, the queue was 100 deep with at least a 5:1 guy/girl ratio, typical I suppose.  We had three lovely ladies with us so naturally went straight to the doorman, and with a bit of banter exchanged, walk right in, also typical I suppose.The place is impressive at first glance, and second and third.  It's huge w. multiple rooms and multiple levels catering to multiple preferences.  Our preference was the outside Terrace about four stories high; more specifically the roped off Bottle Service section of the terrace, outfitted with couches, beds and all things needed for relaxing.  We ordered up a bottle of Vodka that was about 3 feet tall with a price to match.  Incredible service, incredible views of the strip, we found our niche and quite literally kicked it to the break of dawn.
2	i was having a great time here until they kicked me out for smoking weed....however, i wasnt smoking weed....i was smoking a cigarette.the bouncers would not let me go back to find my friend who had my ID, cell phone, and room key in her purse.so, i just sat there, alone, without drink, and truly pissed at a slot machine (with no cash at all) til she finally emerged hours later.what assholes. other than that, the club was tight until the unfair and ridiculous treatment.not going back.xo-andrea
5	GREAT for the whole packed in can barely move- but having an awesome time dancing kinda night. you've got to check it out for the "vegas club" experience. don't ask for water- you'll get a $20 bottle! know for celebs being there..super long line to get it- but girls shouldn't have much of a problem.  (they usually pull you out of line and let you in)
4	PURE is like that girl you never get over... Its been open for years and it is STILL going strong. It was hot and Tryst opened and people went to Tryst... they ended up back at PURE. Tao opened so everyone went to Tao... Back to Pure... Bank.... etc...I've probably been to PURE 5 times and I always have a great time. This last trip our table was on the patio on the roof and we had an incredible time. The staff is always VERY nice and treats us like we are WAY more important than we actually are. Granted, it isn't cheap but is any place in Vegas cheap? If you are going to drop that much money on a bottle PURE is as good as any place to do so.
2	Very long wait...the night we went, it was free for the ladies so we did not mind the wait...but once we got in....that's when we started not to enjoy ourselves...that place was PackeD!! Everyone had to step on each other to do a lil dancing (if any at all).  The only highlight (if you call it a highlight) was when Paris and Nicky was escorted to the VIP section and the whole club was excited taking photos of Paris getting freaky. LOL...Not worth the wait and totally over-rated.  We got to breathe a lil when we stepped into the Pussy Cat lounge...but that was it...
2	Ugghh what a giant clusterf**k seriously. Just stand outside and try to get in. This was a rare occasion of me +15 so they split our group up. None of the guys had to pay to get in though and the wait was less than 30 minutes. However my friend has bad luck with bouncers and he got kicked out. Inside even more of a CF. You might as well get really intimate with the 5 people that surround you, you are gonna be touching them the whole night. Go upstairs and get fresh air. Some of my party didn't like techno so they went back down. Now I love journey but damn, why are you playing that in the main room when i'm trying to get my freak on? You want us to sway left and right or something? Can someone please tell me why a 6oz bottle of water costs 8 bucks? It wasn't even a boutique brand just some plain water probably bottled from tap.I heard on our way out one my girls was being hollered at by Mike Tyson. She told me on the elevator ride down that she was really scared because he wouldn't leave her alone. Now if I was there I'm down to save any girl but damn its Mike Tyson! I'm pretty sure he would have put me in a coma.
4	Went to Pure this past Saturday, I had a really good time!  I was in a dancy mood but not in the mood to be a sardine so we kind of wandered all around the whole night with a mix of dancing and just mingling with people we met.Our Group: 4 girls.  My one friend was flying in around midnight but not a problem for me to go outside and grab her.Getting In:  We were staying at the hotel so I asked to be put on the guest list.  I have no idea if that made a difference.  Got there right before 11.  Asked the closest bouncer the deal with the guest list and he told me about the crazy VIP crowd area.   Luckily after we made our way over there another female employee got us out and we were on the girls only line.  Probably there for maybe like 2 minutes.  Total time less than 10 minutes.  No cover.  Being stamped I got my friend in quickly when she arrived (by that time there was no more girls only line).Atmosphere:Very cool that everyone else has described.  I totally agree that if it weren't so hyped up it would be beautiful but not as a big deal as some of the other clubs.  I really liked the fact there were multiple areas if you are in that kind of room.  LOVED the patio upstairs.  Red Room was cool, I think it was open in the beginning of the night (best place to get drinks fast) and then closed off.Staff: Bouncers were friendlier to us than average.   Total play on looks though, some girl was in front of the first bouncer waving in his face.  I was right behind her, he totally ignores her pushes her aside and asks me how he can help me.  Bouncers inside introduced us to tables of guys in addition to meeting guys normally.  I will be forever grateful to the introduction of the cute Irish guys in the side room off of the Red Room because of the private bathroom.  That thing was clutch!Drinks:As expensive as other clubsFor the Single Ladies:We met so many groups of guys, it was great to just rotate among them when we were in the mood to wander to a different room.   Some of the booths (in particular the ones on the deck) had older creepy guys but we cleared away.  Other than that, typical bachelor parties and other VIP groups.  Definitely expect to get groped on the dance floor in the main room (or at least a drink spilled on you)Dancing:Loved the different music in the different rooms.  Main room is crowded for sure.   Red Room and Main Room Top 40/Hip Hop, upstairs more houseVIP:  We were in VIP in all areas and they were all great.  I really liked the Red Room and that little room off to the side of the Red Room the most because we wanted to be more low key. Interesting that you get stamped for a certain area and then a different stamp for another (more enforced upstairs from my experience).  Overall Experience/Crowd:Everyone is right that the majority of real estate is VIP so I don't think we would have liked it as much if we didn't have access to it.    Also, someone commented about this but this at The Bank the following day had a different vibe than past nights in Vegas. It seemed more touristy, the people who were watching E! or something and had to be there to witness which celeb was going to be there.  Maybe that's just how clubs are changing now.  Either way I would highly suggest VIP and coming here to experience it!!!!
1	I went to PURE on a Saturday night in a group with six of my best girlfriends.  We are from all over the country, but are all tall, athletic, attractive, well-dressed, outgoing, fun loving, single girls who love to dance and meet new people.  Not a single one of us has a good thing to say about this nightclub. We arrived and waited in the VIP line for much too long for it to really be called a VIP line.  When we finally got in, the club was absolutely PACKED and it was impossible to get anywhere or do anything (including dance, go to the bathroom, get drinks, go upstairs, breathe etc.) without being crushed or pummeled by about twenty other people.  It was incredibly tiresome and not at all conducive to having a good time.  I tried to make the most of it and dance, but the DJ must have skipped his ADHD meds that night as he wouldn't play a song for more than about 30 seconds before switching it.  The music was also too loud for comfort (and give me a break, I'm 25 not a granny).  And finally... where were all the attractive people at?  I didn't meet (or spot, since meeting people was not an option given the congestion and the noise) a single one.  We gave up on PURE after about an hour and went to JET instead and had a great time. Another case of expectations being set WAY too high.  Keep them low for your first time!
3	Well I returned to PURE again and like my first visit/review it was all too the same. PackedCluster fuck of a VIP LineIn general it was Just OK. VIP with Bottle service is a must If you really want to Dance, enjoy room to breath, and not wait too long for drinks; though this time around I actually was getting drinks rather quickly. If VIP with Bottle service is what you'll be doing. Be ready to shell out a lot of money, duh. On second examination of PURE, this is probably the only way to get in, secure some dancing and breathing room, while actually having a good time. With out bottle service this place is simply just OK and run of the mill. In all honesty its waaaaaaay tooo packed to enjoy your time. You'll honestly spend half you time trying to navigate, Butts To Nuts, style through each room.  I think I would have had a much better time with a table.
4	I love this club....it is my favorite one.   My 2nd fav. is Tao.Last year, I went on a Saturday and it was really packed and rocking.  This year, i went on Sunday and it was not as busy but it was still fun.   (I went to Rain on Saturday and that was a waste)On Saturday, you can expect to wait at least a hour or more.  On Sunday, I waited about 10-15 minutes.  We were 3 guys and had no problems getting in (of course, you must suit up...jacket is required).  Did not need to get bottle service.  Bouncers were cool...start chatting with them helps.How do I determine if the club is good....plenty of hot chicks and NO sausagefest (...you know what I mean).Sausagefest Free Zones:  Pure and Tao (visit both and enjoy)  Sooo much eye candy...I was like a kid in a toy store.There were handing out free passes in the casino floor (Sunday) so keep your eyes peeled.   Don't pay the $30 cover charge if you are there on a slow night. Red Bull with Cran Vodka was $18 last year and this time around it was only $14.   Price reduction...I guess times are tough.Definitely one of the top nightclubs in Vegas to visit.
4	Good luck getting in if you're a regular guy. ... bring girls, or be willing to bribe the security into letting you in. Yeah, the world isn't fair.anyway... the inside looks good. It got pretty hard to dance as the night progressed... but I think Vegas clubs are usually like that. I like how they have multiple dance floors and bars with different feels to it. The view upstairs is pretty cool. yeah. not much else to say about it. oh yeah... the bouncers are mean.
5	My last trip to Vegas was "done right." I was with a group of mostly single guys, and several of them had been to PURE before. They had called the week before and reserved a table with bottle service. Apparently the fellow they made the reservation with left PURE within the week between their call and our trip. We got out to Vegas, tried to get in touch with him to solidify our reservation, and... uh oh! He no longer works there! However, we were put in touch with Antoine, a host/promoter at PURE, and he took great care of us. Not only was our reservation honored, he let us choose a table in advance (the one next to the DJ, of course!), and made sure we all got in early and got settled. Antoine took great care of us, I suggest asking for him by name when you call.Bottle service. I had never thought about it before, it always seems too expensive. And it is a bit pricey -- we averaged about $200 per person (there are minimum amounts you must order per the size of your party). However, honestly, PURE did such a good job of making us feel welcome, and looking after us, that we went back the next night and did it again.First off, instead of having to wait in the HUGE line to get in, they bring you in about 10 minutes before the club opens to get you situated. This is a good thing when you're a group of 10 guys. Girls, you get ushered in by the bouncers, but us guys generally have to stand in line for ever. So this made it totally worth it.Second, the reserved tables are upstairs, outside on the roof of Caesar's Palace. During the summer, while we were there, it was 80 degrees F at night. Perfect, beautiful weather to be outside, and the tables and couches were super comfy. There's a couple bars out there, a DJ, a dance floor, and bathrooms, so there's really no reason to go downstairs except to cruise around sightseeing and recruit more people to come upstairs.Third, the tables are the only place to sit down out there. Which means your big group of guys gets to be very picky about who's hanging out with them. ;)Fourth, you get your own bouncer. We had a former NFL player named Damien. Damien was awesome. Totally friendly, totally cool, and kept an eye on us and made sure we were having a good time, and kept an eye on the stream of girls who tried to sneak into our table area and drink our alcohol. Also worth asking for him by name.Fifth, you get your own super hot hostess who stops by and checks in and makes sure you're doing well. Our first night our hostess didn't pay much attention to us, but we didn't really notice. Our second night we had Michelle McKenna, and you absolutely positively must request her. She has an amazing sense of humor, spent a lot of time chatting and joking with us--had us rolling with laughter over and over again. She was a good sport -- she let me drape her hair over my brother's shaved-bald head to see what he'd look like with hair, and take a picture. I got a thank you card from her a little while ago. I can't say enough good stuff about her. Seriously. Ask for her.Sixth, you get your own core group of waiters who come through and clear out empty bottles and glasses, refill your ice buckets and juice bottles, clean up spills, and just make sure you have anything you need that your hostess might have missed. Our guy was Corey and he too was totally awesome, especially considering the amazing mess 10 drunk guys can make.Seventh, the DJ was absolutely awesome. I'm not sure if he's a permanent fixture there or if he was visiting, but he kicked out killer dance music steadily for hours.
3	Way WAY too packed to enjoy yourself.The bouncers are totally rude, thankfully not to me or my group, but they were downright disgusting with some people.There was this one group of girls (about 6 of 'em), and all were attractive except for the last one, who happened to be chunky. The bouncers literally held out their hands to the 5 girls, like "go, go, go, go, go, STOP"; they blocked off the fat girl and said she couldn't go in. When she screamed "but those are my friends!!" The bouncer told her "sorry, we're at capacity". All her friends actually left her outside!!! I would have bit the bouncer; there are nicer ways to say no.If you go early enough, it's just right- after 11:30, you can forget about dancing unless you like to smell everyone else's deodorant; or lack thereof.
1	This place is straight garbage.  If you enjoy waiting in line to be thoroughly disappointed then go here.Unless you had the foresight and budget to drop the cash on a booth (not really worth it for the wife and I alone) your basic admission allows you to stand in a series of hallways with security guards constantly reminding you to keep walking.  This place is FILLED with red tape and security guards.  Not my idea of a good time no matter what celebrity they keep announcing is attendance over the sound system.  The dance floor is pretty lame too and is packed to the gills WAY beyond what is comfortable.Check out some of the lesser hyped but more reasonable and fun clubs in Vegas- Studio 54 and Rok are good choices.
1	You'd have to pay me to come back to this club!! Ughh...I came here for a friend's bday last summer. It was a Tuesday night and the place was unbelievably crowded! There's no organized line and everyone just swarms the bouncers up front...it sucks! Once you get in, unless you have a table, it's pretty much pointless.  The night we were there, some drunk ass girl started throwing up in the middle of the dance floor....SOOOO classy!!  There's no room to dance, all the guys are douches who think too highly of themselves, noone apologizes when they spill drinks on you....the overall vibe was not good!! Yuck!!
5	I only been here once but i loved it. I wouldn't give this a 5 star if my friends and i didn't get a table tho. We didn't wait too long and the service was amazing. We had our own bouncer and waitress/bartender, it was so crowded out on the dance floor so we just danced in the vip area. It was pricey but hey it's vegas and it beats waiting in line. Only down fall is the restroom you have to walk and fight off all the people on the dance floor to get there. Over all good buzzing night with my friends.... And for all those people that didn't enjoy it... I think the people you are with makes a big difference. (most of the time)
1	what a joke of a nightclub. they dont know how to work their line(s) at all in the front and once you finally get in you there isnt even room to dance let alone move. terrible guy-girl ratio too.
3	its a pain in the ass trying to get in here. we got bottle service and came with a bunch of girls and still had to pay $50 to get in (we didnt want to wait in that 2 hour line... the entrance fee was $20 or $30 anyways so i guess it was worth it). there were alot of beautiful girls. ALOT.  the place was packed. but like sardines though. you could not move on the dancefloor. the music was pretty good. comedian wanda sykes was there. our table was upstairs overlooking the strip. i had fun it was cool.  if u never been then go i guess but there are better places.
1	Ladies, don't think that you are going to sit down at all here. Beers are $9, mixed drinks $24. Hookers and people who know the host or are celebrities get in first so even though they are only open for 6 hrs every night you are still left to wait until 11 or 11:30pm before you can even get in. There are some hot guys there which is the only thing that I can see happening here. The music is so-so when DJ AM is not there. Don't waste your time or money.
4	Went here on a Thursday night and it was pretty decent. Only the rooftop was open, but it had a sweet view of the Strip and the music was good. The girl to guy ratio was a bit iffy but seeing how most of the guys were wallflowering it around the bar for the whole night, I had no problem with it. Overall, Pure on Thursdays is not bad. I'd hit up this venue again.
2	Yes PURE is a gorgeous club.  The all white decor is beautiful and the view from the rooftop is great.  But this place is extremely over-rated.  My girls and I didn't get there until about midnight and the place was wall-to-wall people...LITERALLY.  There was no place to stand, let alone dance.  We really didn't have any fun until about 2am when the crowds died down a little bit and we had room to move.  Luckily we had a hook-up and didn't pay or wait in line to get in, but if you have to it's totally not worth it.
2	i've been here a couple of times, but last weekend will most likely be my last. Perhaps i'm just too old now to enjoy waiting in line, or being pushed around like a herd of cattle, or pay $16 for a crappy cranberry and vodka...but Pure has just lost it's charm for me. The club itself is pretty, the roof is my favorite part. If i were to go back, that's the only place I would stay if I could have it my way.
2	I was there with my girls to celebrate my bachelorette party.  I picked that place because that was in the hotel we stayed at, so it was very convenient for us.  We picked up a complimentary pass from the hotel concierge but didn't really need it since we were all-girls group, and no waiting in line either.  Pure is a very nice club with the all-white interior decor.  BUT the dance floor is jam packed and it was impossible to have room to dance.  We were there briefly and decided to go to another club.  Lucky we didn't have to pay for it!
4	the last comment explained it perfectly: you seriously feel like a herd of cattle while waiting to get in. super strict dress code. quite a few of my friends were turned away for not conforming. but it's vegas bitch! come on, how can you not have fun??
5	When my business partner told me he could get me and 7 other guys in the Pure for free with no line wait on a Saturday I pretty much laughed in his face and sent him a link to Pure's Yelp review page. Flash forward to last weekend. The eight of us make our way past the 4 different lines to the Miami style ropes where the bouncers pick and choose amongst the club goers. A head nod initiates the following conversation:Friend: There is eight of us, all guys,but we know XXXXBouncer: You know XXXX, ok, call himFriends: I don't know his f***king numberBouncer: Ok hold upThe bouncer starts talking to the other bouncers and points towards our group. I was sure they were about to kick us out when suddenly the velvet ropes open up and we're led past the cashier, stamped and into the club for free. Like magic.Once inside there was actually enough room to walk around and dance until around 12 when things got super packed and busy. That said close proximity, good music and drunkenness led to tons of random debauchery in a way that only Vegas could deliver... Good times.
2	If you like to be deaf for two nights after a night of partying this is your place.  It's a trend place like all night clubs are. I felt there are better clubs in Las Vegas. My two warings are drinks are way over price and don't set napkins on fire. Outside of that you have a good time waiting inline.
4	We Got FOOLED here :( .. this big advertisement that it was Nelly Furtado's party on a Saturday night.  we were so excited.. but never got to see Nelly.. She was suppose to perform.. but never did....instead we heard she was in a VIP tent or whatnot.. BOOOO BOOOOO. instead.. we had a very interesting encounter with Terrance Howard and Vince Vaughn.... Being too drunk.. some of my friends ended up in Terrance Howard's hotel suite upstairs.. it was horrible trying to get them out of the room.... NO COMMENT!!!!! we ended up leaving Caesar's at 7am!!! 7AM!  all of us had 9am flights.. and one of my friends were in the taxi to rush home. then got into a taxi accident.. transferred taxi's and made it to the airport. it was INSANE!Being all girls... we cut in line majorly. since the lines were RIDICULOUSLY long because of that whole Nelly Furtado thing.  I love being a girl in Vegas. The club itself I would say it's ok.. I mainly just mingled and drank there.. i think the best part of this club is the view that they had of the strip upstairs.. huge outdoor patio.. with like techno/trance music going on... VIP tents that we got stamps to go in from the bouncers...which was SUPER NICE.. Dance floor was pretty small.. packed.. people had their VIP tables of course.. I wasn't there much though.. and of course you have your group of guys trying to hit on you and buy you drinks... buy me drinks ;) i don't mind.. but please don't be too friendly. hahaha EW EW EW~!!  Ended up crashing a bachelor's party and someones 30th birthday party.. woohooo free alcohol baby!!! nice people you get to meet!! just know who the nice ones are from the creeps.  Pussycat Doll lounge is right next door..This was a perfect ending to an EPIC VEGAS FIRST TRIP ever!I'm sorry.. I don't know drink pricing here.. :( i didn't have to buy drinkss
5	I've been going to this place for years... I mean years.  I just joined Yelp and was compelled to write a review.Overall a great club, with a vibe that is as good as it gets.  One of the best clubs I've been to...ever.  Although it's gotten "commercial" and some of the bouncers are a-holes, it's still top rated..The women in the club...10's.  The bottle service girls....20's.  Always smokin' hot.  The d.j., whoever it is in the main room, is always on point.  The upstairs/balcony plays more house and electronic music, if that's your scene.  Great vibe up there too.  If you don't know someone important.  Good luck getting in.  If you don't "grease" the doormen correctly, good luck getting in.  Your best bet, and what my crew always does, is to pop bottles and get a table.  You're going to pay $30 cover and $15 per drink, splitting a bottle with a group of 5 or 6 is worth it.  Pro's- Hot crowd- One of the best clubs in the world (really)- Big lay outCon's- Hard to get in unless you get a table- No where to sit- Too crowdedWhen you are in Vegas, you cannot miss with this club.This club is 1st string starter.  Always in the rotation.  I keep it real, we sat this club and made it ride the "pine" for a bit (ego's and attitudes from staff), but we back and this club now makes our starting rotation.
5	I always walk right in. Free bottles. Do whatever i want. Bringwhoever i want. They love me, i love them
3	The place was really pretty.  I like the white decorations, the staircase with the windows all the way up where you can show ur va-jayjay to the lovely people below you at the bar, the tiny elevator that transports you outside, and i liked how we didnt have to wait in line.the bad: place is SO crowded we went with a crowd of 20 I was with ONE of my friends and didnt find the rest, one by one slowly, for a good HOUR.  they are SOOOO picky couple of the people we went with didn't get in because their shoes werent dressy enough...plz.  The security pulled one of my friends from the bathroom and pushed him out the "emergency exit" WTF???  Truly was A-OK we left early because we got sick of looking for our friends the rest came back home whenever they were able to squeeze through to the exit haha.Oh when we were there it was "carmen electra's birthday" or something of that sort
4	I've been to Pure a couple of times, either on Sunday or Tuesday, and its always fun.  Most times I've been by myself, but was able to get in within minutes by having a pass or by just looking like I took a shower :) - a benefit of being female.  The club has a nice decor, all white and pure, ha ha.  I'm curious though what it looks like in the morning after a club night, and how much cleaning must be done to keep it white.  But I digress.  The drinks are priced approximately the same as other Vegas clubs,  about $15/drink including a tip.  They are well made, kinda strong for me but I am a light drinker.  For the most part, the music is good and mixed well, although like all other clubs they have their moments when they start trippin.  Seems like every time I'm here there's some famous person randomly showing up, which can be a good or a bad think.  Last time I was there Flo Rida flirted with my mom on the way in, and then got on stage to perform without his shirt.  So that kind of made her night.As usual, there are VIP sections and all of that, but the thing that gives pure that extra star is the little table set up just behind the VIPs downstairs.   Not only is a place to put your drink, but since they back up on the low VIP booths, you can kinda sit there too.  Whew!  My poor feet...The dance floor downstairs is crazy small for the crowd size and always bathed in alcohol, and once you get stuck in the middle good luck getting out.  However, it does provide cover for.....covert things that happen in Vegas clubs.  Lol.  The upstairs is mostly house/techno type of music, more VIPs and another dance floor, albeit smaller.  I usually only run up there when its really hot downstairs and I need some fresh air, because you don't get a really good view of the Strip off the balcony unless you're in a VIP booth.  Sucks.  Plus the stairs up there are killer and I'm still not sure if you can actually use the elevator without security giving you the hairy eyeball.Additionally, you can hang out in the PCD area, but I usually try to stay where the action is in the main room.  Overall, there is some good people watching and generally nice people here, local and tourist, so its always on my list of clubs when I go to Vegas.
3	I had a lot of fun here, though how much can you really credit a venue for alcoholic haze?  The space was pretty nice, and I especially like that there's an outdoor area.  Pure gets mad crowded, though.  The dance floor is tight and difficult to navigate - and with a drink in hand, forget it!  At least the bartender with the laced up balloon cleavage put plenty of vodka in my million dollar vodka cranberry.
2	if it wasn't for paris hilton i probably wouldn't be coming here. when i think of pure i think of paris hilton....don't ask. but everytime i come here im always hoping i'll catch a glimpse of paris. (im lame i know)soooo we were staying at the caesars this past wknd and because my friends flew in late we decided to just stay at caesars and party at pure. honestly, the crowd at pure isn't that great. maybe because we're into asians and all the asians are at tao........i don't know. music was alright. drinks are okay. guys here are sleazy (yuck).anyways, the next night we went to tao and came back to our hotel around 3am. we were still goin strong so we decided to just hit up pure again to see if the experience would be any different (since its just downstairs) ...walked right in...this time we somehow got invited to someone's table so we hit that up ..had a few drinks....danced some. crowd was a little better but not really..but atleast they played britney spears. yeah, i think im done with pure for awhile...
3	I really liked the decor here- white with the purple/pink lighting or however it is. The music was kinda old-school, but in a good way where you shout to your friends "Oh my god! Remember this song?!". We spent most of the night in the VIP area after a failed attempt to go out on the dance floor. So crowded there! But the VIP area was very nice- white sofas to stand and sit on, great bottle service and the security was cool. I'd come back here if either a) it wasn't so super packed on the dance floor, or b) we got to tag along in the VIP area again. Otherwise, with a big group of 8 girls, it's a little difficult to find enough roomy space for all of us...
2	I don't think it's the best place I've been to but it was ok. I agree that it's small. Drinks are outrageous but I guess that's what you can expect. Will I go again? If I have one of those free entrance cards.
2	Located at Caesar's, we got our names on the guest list hours before 10PM on Tuesday night.  While entering the casino, we got hooked up with free VIP passes.  Nice!!  I guess free things aren't always great.  Expect a really small dance floor and bad music.  Bad music = doesn't run smooth, can't really dance to/feel the beat to.
1	This club is terrible. We had VIP access (paid over $2000) to the cabanas on the roof. The security guards are very rude, our personal security guard kept bringing in girls he knew "to introduce" them to us but he only did that so that they could get free drinks. Don't go to the bathroom unless you want to feel like sheep being herded into a line and all the way up to the urinal. The place smells like sewer and for what we paid, we were not treated like VIP. This place is terrible in every way imaginable.
3	I may be getting to the point where standing in line for an hour and a half with your friends only to have half the group not get into the club because those shoes aren't dressy enough, paying $60 for two henny and cokes and a scotch on the rocks, having to get through a herd of faded people in order to use the restroom, not being able to have a moment of silence just to give your ears a break from ringing isn't cracked up to be a good time anymore.  Been there, done that, will I go back, only if I smoke crack!
3	I went to PURE for my 21st birthday because I stayed at the Caesar's Palace as well. It was my first experience clubbing in a big city so this review isn't a comparison, just an observation. At the door: The security are dicks. Or rather, they're like British palace guards. NO SMILING! They don't care if it's your birthday, they don't care if you're half naked, they don't care who you know (and this is all what I overheard when people would rush the line). The line is really...non-existant. I just walked up to a crowd of people, shimmied my way through to get to where the security was standing and one of them walked up to us and asked if we were staying there. (yes, of course). We only had to wait about 30 minutes.Dancing: Decent music- Old school hip hop dance tunes on the bottom floor and house dance music upstairs at the outdoor patio area. The dance floor isn't very big- you definitely had to squeeze in to find a spot to dance in. There are tons of people just standing there which makes it worse but that's not the club's fault. It was a busy night because it was Nicki Hilton's birthday. Not much dance room EXCEPT if you go to upstairs, outdoor patio. I assume not everyone is a fan of house music because there was plenty of room to dance and stand around.Bartenders/Service: You have to know how to push your way into a small spot and get the bartender's attention downstairs. Since there are tons of people standing everywhere, it gets super crowded and also, that's where the walkway is so it's chaos! They definitely make the drinks well (but forget about doing bombs- it's all shooters and drinks). Upstairs is definitely easier to get drinks, there's an entire bar, even bigger upstairs with very attentive and quite bartenders. Even if you'd rather dance downstairs, it's worth the trip upstairs just to get a drink quickly. Oh, and bring your debit card! Drinks are expensive! (But when is it not?)Setting: It was nice. Furnished nicely, the setting of the VIP tables is good. The layout allows for a good flow of bodies, besides it being very crowded in certain places, it's cute. I like the walkway above the dance floors when you're going from the inside to the outside patio. TIPS!:1) Want a drink fast? Go upstairs to the patio2) Make sure your shoes have traction!! The floor is all tile and pretty slippery (but then again, it's like that in all hotels!). If you're slipping on the way out of your hotel, change shoes!3) Girls, when standing in line, push the guys in your party to the back. It's true what they say, guys aren't very welcome! We almost didn't get in when we told them we had guys with us but I guess being a guest helped out a bit. All in all, my experience was good. I definitely don't understand the hype but I would recommend it but don't get your hopes up!
3	WANT TO SEE A CELEBRITY? Then come to PURE Nightclub in Caesars! They always seem to rent out the tables right in front of the dance floor so everyone can oodle and go ga-ga at them. I guess that's pretty neat. I'm a bit torn as to how to view this place. The first time I came here on a Tuesday night with 3 guys and 2 girls, no one had to pay cover. The second time I came here with 7 girls on a Saturday night, we all had to pay $20 each AND wait in a 1.5 hour line. Why? BECAUSE PARIS AND NIKKI HILTON were in the house. Damn. That waiting in line was a total buzz kill. It sucked. 6 girls and we all had to pay cover AND wait? Ugh. With that said, I should even give PURE 2 stars but I always have an awesome time at Pure regardless of how long it takes to get in.The terrace area is the neatest because you can see way down the strip. Don't try to sit in a table that isn't yours because the bouncers are way attentive there and will kick you out. The only way to get a seat is to either pay for the table or get invited in. The second time we came to Pure, the guys and the birthday girl of our group got in quick with the table we bought. We bought out 3 bottles but couldn't get everyone in on the table which sucked since our tab was well over a grand. We even had our own personal bouncer that escorted us out of the club to go use the bathrooms right by the sports betting area. We didn't have to bother with the bathrooms in the club and that was a plus. All in all, PURE is a fun place to be at and definitely a place if you're out to spot celebs.
5	Go here, just, go here.This is my favorite, and probably will be your favorite club, in Las Vegas.First of all DJ AM spins here and his sets are always tight, no matter what you say.They control the male/female ratio to lessen the sausage party.The vibe in general is just really good. You just feel good being inside and outside.These controls and strategic club atmosphere make the night more prone to fun and meeting people.Come with girls, if you don't, then you might have to wait 100 hours in line.Just explore the place if you've never been. Go upstairs, go to the bathrooms, check out the outside bars.If you're really lucky, like I was, you might get invited to a table upstairs. If you have not experienced table service in Vegas, you're missing out in life. It's pretty much the coolest thing in the world.If you want water, you might have to pay $8 for a bottle of Voss water, damn.You might as well book a room in Caesar's Palace to make it easy.Lastly, watch out for people who try to take your money by saying they'll bring you to the front of the line and just trick you and take your money. =(
5	I was here on Friday 1/9 and it was awesome!  It really gets busy at around midnight or so.  We got table service which was cool because the main area gets really crowded.  It's nice having a table to sit at when you want to take a break, talk to girls, etc.  Our security guy "T" and our drink hostess "Bethany" were the best!  For table service, I like the "inside" tables better than "outside".  The outside ones are upstairs and out on the top deck.  There's also a bathroom up there if you don't want to go to the one in the back of the dance floor.The music was great, lots of hot girls everywhere, and overall great party attitude.  We partied with all kinds of girls...blondes, brunettes, Asians, African-American...and they were all hot!  If you're not there to party, don't go!  I think most of the people who had a terrible time simply went to buy some cheap drinks and talk to each other or something...if you're that type, go somewhere else!  This is PURE...you party hard, meet lots of cool people, and yeah, you have to pay for it.  I think the drinks are cheaper than Tryst though but mixed drinks will run you like $12 or so.  On and Friday or Saturday night If you're a guy, it's tough to get in unless you have some good connections or get creative.  If you're a group of guys and you plan to wait in line until you get in, forget about it...you'll wait forever and then they'll close.  If you're a group of hot girls...walk right up to the front and get in!
4	CrackiN! Best club I've ever been to. However my club experience is relegated to the Sacramento and San Francisco clubs and my experience is not extensive.i.e. NOT a clubhead.But I can tell you that this placed rocked! Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony were in the building when we were there. I know so because the DJ yelled "J-LO AND MARC ANTHONY ARE IN THE BUUUUUUUUUIIIIIILLLLLLLLLDDDDDDING!"The bartender Dave was fantastic. I met some great people from Toronto and Boston. Everyone is there to have a good time. The DJ was incredible. Anytime you can incite an entire club to chant 80's hit "Don't you want me baby....Don't you want me OOOOOOOH oOOHH" You've done good kid.There's also a red themed side room that's more electronic and house remixes. Also a good room to chill in.The rooftop of the club was my favorite. The view is amazing. Yes the dance floor is crowded but that forces you to mingle into other amazing rooms!I'm definitely going back!
4	So let's be honest...If you are not packing a lot of dough or can pretend and can ensure the advance against your credit card makes you appear as a player then you can afford to get in here and NOT wait in line. I KID, just a bit.PURE is the current HOT club on the strip. The club opens to the public at 10PM, with the line forming around 9:15 PM, and closes at 5:30 AM. And trust me there are just as many people there at 5:30AM as there are at Midnight.I will preface the rest of this review based on two facts. The first is that I was the President of an organization who co-hosted a conference at Caesars, so my accomodations, access to the hotel, and treatment may have been impacted in a positive manner. Second, the organization rented PURE from 6 PM - 10 PM on the evening of this review. I will write this review from a private party and public attendee perspective.Private Function----------------If you are hosting an event at Caesars in Vegas I highly recommend PURE for setting for this type of function. PURE is a seperate entity from the hotel and casino. It has unique ownership, food and beverage and entertainment. From a Private Function standpoint we had around 1,100 attendees at the PURE function and it was a perfect fit. Plenty of room to move around, yet still providing a level of intimacy (as a night club should).The service during the private function was impeccable, food was always re-plenished quickly, and drinks were refreshed with very little wait. Overall, the staffing ratio to patron was extremely high.This type of event also allowed you to see all the sections of PURE without having to swim upstream in every direction to get to a different area. Now for the public portionPublic Hours------------I left pure around 10PM just as they were opening to the public to attend a smaller party, but I would return later in the evening. The line at 10 PM must have had 500 people waiting to get in.There are several rooms to visit at PURE:Main Room (Pictured in most images)-----------------------------------White top to bottom. There is nowhere public to sit as all seating areas are sold as 'bottle service', starting at $475 I believe. This is the main area where the dance floor is, the DJ booth and main restrooms. There is also a staircase that goes upstairs to the outside area which overlooks the Pussy Cat Doll's Bar.Red Room--------Purely VIP. This area is very intimate and lavish. Done in reds and golds, the private areas provide for secluded private parties. There is different music, more jazz oriented, played in this room.The Terrace-----------The Terrace is breathe taking. This 14,000 sq. ft patio overlooks the strip (see pics. It is the largest outdoor bar venue in Las Vegas. There are a few public seats upstairs around the giant fire pit, but they go fast. The rest is all VIP seating.Service:Once is opens to the public the service is quite good, if you can get up to the bar to get a drink. The bars are large, but I often found that they were 2-3 people deep from end to end. There are a few places that you can find as cubby holes near the bars and once you find them you can always find great service, but don't think extra money gets you the bartenders eye - as tips almost seem required here. Cost:Drinks are expensive. The average beer price was $8 and the average mixed drink price was $12. I ordered 2 Red Bull and Vodkas and it was $26...so be preparedExperience:PURE can offer several experiences in an evening. From the high enery and dance floor of the Main White Room to the relaxed VIP setting of the Red Room and the ambience of The Terrace.If you have 4 or more people I recommend bottle service - you will not have to wait for drinks and you get to feel like a rock star a bit. Otherwise be prepared to stand the whole night, unless you are just a beautiful person that could get invited a VIP table by someone flippin' a bill.
4	Go out on a Tuesday night?  In Vegas, all things are possible.  Came here on a poppin' Tuesday night which happened to be a bunch of local DJs celebrating a birthday.  They were pretty awesome and the emcees were so full of energy it was great! Drinks are stiff and friggin expensive.  Got my drink spilled, but got 2 drinks in return and an invite to the VIP area for my friends and I.  Sweeeet!  Hell, they were throwing out one dolla bills in the air in the VIP area. Even sweeter!  No lines for the bathroom on a busy night, 2 bars, coat check and fun people!  Although the 2nd floor was closed that night, there was still drunk bitches making out with ugly guys, nerdy intoxicated electronic convention guys giving stock advice, some room to dance and we even almost started a fight.  Vegas baby, Vegas.
3	This place was really busy, but at least we didn't have to pay to get in! They were handing out promo cards that you could present for free admission. The wait was pretty long, but it was worth it, I'd say. The club was beautiful inside, and it was nice to go upstairs where you could sit and get some air. The music was just fine... I was just getting a little tired of sweaty people bumping into me. And if you buy a Jager-bomb, expect to pay $20 each!
2	This joint is pretty nice, but completely over rated and PACKED, so much so that it isnt even fun. Couldnt dance,had my drink spilled all over me about 10 times, and its impossible to stay together if you are in a group. Music was pretty good, if anyone in the place was able to move then we could have danced. Every time I go to the hot new club in vegas its like so packed you cant do anything but feel miserably chlosterphobic. PASS and find a lower key bar.
1	If I were playing the word association game, after going here, my first word would be: MEH.This place is so overrated and like the other reviews say, just completely disorganized when it comes to going in. So my friends and I got all dolled up thinking that we would get some promoter's attention which basically worked everywhere but here. We were like, alright, cute asian girls.. alas NO. One of my friends actually spotted someone who looked like a promoter (and turned out to be one) who put us on the list probably cuz we asked. After getting there, we realized why we probably were not approached - this is completely not our scene. Unfortunately we're not so into euro-techno music and people were not at dressed up as we thought they would be. When we got there this big promoter guy told us to just hang out near one of the velvet ropes because we were on the list. He wasn't really clear and put us in a line with a group of guys. After a while he saw that we were standing in the wrong place and then finally let us in. We got in the club and man.. it was kind of boring from the get go. We decided we would get our drinks, down it and hop over to Tao. Too bad we weren't more drunk at that time because maybe we would have stayed, but our intense sobriety warned as against that. As we tried to leave, some guy told us to go another way. Well, liar, it wasn't another way... it was another room where a crowd of people were just standing there watching half naked girls dance. I'm not sure what impression we gave that guy, but I could have sworn we had the desperate-to-get-out-here look, not the we-want-to-look-at-other-girls-dance look. At least in the end we made it out and over to Tao where we definitely had a much more exciting night (aka VIP, patron, belvedere, fun)
4	i'm gonna go ahead and give pure 4 stars...mostly cuz i made a contact and the getting in was free and there was no line for me...and my party.  i'm also taking into consideration the 3 different dancing areas/rooms.  i'd also like to mention the pussycat dolls and their awesome performances that i'm pretty sure my bf snuck away to enjoy.  and then...it's missing the foot smell...and that to me spells class.  (wayyyy too much foot smell at tryst).  ooohhh...did i mention the restroom line took no time at all around midnight?!  what the?!  i'm pretty sure the ecomony is hitting the club scene hard cuz it was easy to move about this party...but overall...aside from the price of drinks (which..hey...i expected it)....i had a great time.  i think we all did.  and i'll be back on my next trip!
5	I don't know if this place has gone down in the dumps but I personally had a blast here last March.So after a shitty time at Rain we decided to jaywalk our drunk asses to Pure to see what that was like. We get there to a long line as usual, people I was with didn't wanna wait so we resorted to "greasing" one of the bouncers for $50 which included cutting the line and cover so that wasn't so bad. Get inside, its packed but not packed enough to where you couldn't dance or move around. Got my fair share of dances and what not with some girls so a big plus for the girls not being full of themselves at the time.Now my highlight of the night was sneaking my way into the bottom floor VIP and sitting at some random ass table with some random ass people minding my own. Now i'm drunk so I got no clue what I'm doing so next thing i know I stand on top of the couch and start dancing and what not attracting negative attention to myself. So sooner or later one of the people working the VIP come up to me and says the people I'm sitting next to have no clue who I am so can he see my "wristband" I ofcoarse don't have one so I show him my wrist knowing damn well I don't have shit on. So he ends up kicking me out but only out of VIP so he wasn't that much of a dick. I got to enjoy the rest of the night clubbing with the normal folks which is my kinda crowd anyway.
2	nothing special.  just a white room with music
5	This club is one of the most fun clubs I have experience so far.  It is not classy but still has its own personality.  The Table service is awesome and very respectful.  For the gentlemen, you would like to get the table service by the ladies restroom on the terrace.  Very great mix crowd.  Line seems kind of short when I was ther 1/24/2009.
3	This place is way overrated.. I understand the nice decor and everything.. but come on do you really need to be so exclusive. We got there at 10pm and waited on the line that never moved.. finally switched to another line.. got in 11:30pm.. seriously this wasnt what i sign up for. Anyways.. got inside.. empty as usually.. place gave me a very uptight vibe... they have a second level where you can get a nice view of Vegas.. crowded of course.. Drinks are expensive.. credit card has minimum.. My recommendation.. come here if you got connection can get your in right away.. make sure pregame in your hotel so you don't waste your $$ on drinks here..
4	Alright, so it's a Vegas club, and you get the usual minuses: long line if your group is not 100% hot girls, security staff with an attitude, overpriced drinks and a LOT of VIP sections.That said, PURE is really spacious, so once you're in, you don't feel diminished because you're not one of the cool kids up there in the VIP booth.The outside dance area on the second floor is pretty sweet!Drinks were pretty good and DJs were excellent...  I had a lot of fun there, more than at TAO, JET and ICE and definitely more than in LAX.If you're in Vegas a short time and can do only one club, go to PURE!
4	Grade: BPure was one of our stops last year for a bachelor/bachelorette party. We also went to Tao. Since all of us were taken at the time, we all just had fun dancing. The best part was that we asked the bouncer to hook us up for free. He pointed to the guy standing at the podium who had the "list." He kept a straight face as our group of ladies rushed over, and without skipping a beat, he stamped us and let us in. The guys went elsewhere, so I'm sure they would not have been as nice had the guys been with us.So ladies, don't pay to get in any Vegas clubs. It only works when you are with other girls. Tao also let us in free even though we missed the cut-off time. I'm not sure Pure is the happenin club at the moment, but if you go with a fun group, it really doesn't matter where you celebrate. It's all about drinking, dancing, laughing with friends and hooking up for the singles (better be single!).
4	So...I can only review what I remember of this place. Already, you probably know that I had a good night.As usual, if you haven't gotten the memo, clubbing in Vegas seems to be a science in and of itself. I've only gone a few times around the SF Bay Area, and this was my virgin Vegas experience. We ended up getting a group of fourteen in for free, so a few notes that Yelpers can hopefully learn from:- Roll with plenty of people with boobs- Ladies, take off the coats, show a bit of skin...- Fellas, dress like you're riding the recession with flying colors- The "VIP" cards they sell you on the streets are said to be useless, so don't bother- Get a confident gal to schmooze with the doorman...PERSISTENCE, people! Just navigate your group through the mob towards the front of the line, send in your negotiator, and cross your fingers.My memories past the door get fragmented fairly quickly. I know the place was gorgeous and spacious. The bathrooms were super posh, and the complimentary mouthwash was amazing. The music was a good flow of familiar beats I could sing along to and some new ones that were easy to groove to. I'm sure the drinks were expensive, and I'm sure I had a lot of them as I woke up the next morning back in my hotel room with lots of stories to hear about myself. So all in all, seems that PURE treated me well ;-). If I'm lucky enough to get in again, I'll definitely be back for a more memorable experience (literally). Viva Las Vegas!
3	As far as I can remember (thanks to crown shots), this place was the "It" though now a days, its considered a bit over rated. Still even with the expensive everything.. Its something you might want to experience when you go to Vegas.
2	I went here like 2 years ago when it was at its peak and it was a huge pain in the ass overall. We waited in line for an hour (I was in a group of 2 guys and 2 girls), paid $50 per couple, and the place was literally so packed we couldn't dance. We got drinks and stood outside on the roof, which was kinda cool, but I've never been back and it totally wasn't worth the time or money.
3	I always have a good time here...I mean how can you not when you're in VEGAS?! It's a pretty club, typical prices...The pussycat dolls performance is pretty cool. BUt really, the best time was about 2 years ago when this place was "still cool". Granted K-Fed's music video was being shot there so  a bunch of big name celebrities made appearances. However, the last couple times I've been there, there have been an unusually high number of old men...and when I say old I mean white haired, mostly bald, white bearded GRANDPA---what are you doing here?! type of men. Sorry, but I didn't come to Vegas to see gramps grinding up on the newly turned 21-year olds. Nice club, but creepy crowd as of late.
2	I've only been once, and once was enough.  Never EVER again will I step foot in here.PURE hadn't been open too long at this point, and we were all really excited to check it out.  The lines were long (like wrapping around the wall and nearly out the door), but we bypassed most of it somehow, and I happily let some stranger in line in front of me pay for my entrance fee.  What a nice man.I walked in and.. WHOA MAMA!  Can we say.. FIRE HAZARD?!  Pray to God there's never an accident in here because it's just jam packed with people.  I saw a guy in a wheelchair on the dance floor, and I couldn't help but worry that people were going to trip and fall on top of him.Actually, it was EXACTLY like being at a crappy rave (not that I've been to a rave in many many years... but this experience brought back some memories...) with way too many people in a much-too-small venue. Holy crap.I'm sure the setup and decor must've been nice, but I couldn't get far enough past the crowds to take it all in and appreciate.  It was a claustrophobic's ultimate nightmare.  Seeking some sort of refuge, I climbed outside onto the rooftop and... it was even hot and sweltering out in the open air.  Why?  Because even that area was jam packed with people.Needless to say, I didn't dance at all.  I just sort of stood in place (I couldn't move even if I wanted to) and bopped every other second when someone accidentally jabbed their knees into the backs of mine.  Lovely.
4	PURE=FUNOne of my favorites in Vegas.  Saturday night, 4 ladies, did not have to wait or pay!.  I will be back!!!!
4	Pure was my favorite Vegas spot for a good couple of years. The first time I went there was grand opening party and oh my god did we have a good time. If you're into celeb spotting Pure has always had good connections in that department. The place is big and if you're there for the rest of the night, it is hard to get bored there. The line is usually long and I wouldn't wait in it. Try any connections you have, get a table, or arrive early.
3	Ok so checked this place out. The only thing that drew me to it is that VANILLA ICE was gonna be there next month!!!! But sadly I was not gonna be in vegas during that time...ICE ICE BABY!!! HahaEither way the place is real nice but that's a given, hello its Vegas!So we were on the list and there was still a minor wait to get in. The crowds were hectic, not as packed as Tao but pretty packed. So we finally got in and this is how it goes:1) The bouncers are douche bags, too damn angry and just looking for excuses to kick people out.2) The DJ downstairs was dope, the one upstairs is garbage.3) Drinks are good and not too pricey4) Idaknow the club just kinda lacked energy not very fun.5) Pussy cat dolls were good6) Got in free!!!All in all the spot was OK nothing too crazy don think Id wanna put up with the small wait again, hope this helps.
2	It's my first time and probably the last time I'll go there.  Bouncers aren't the nicest people.. crowd's okay.. decor is okay.. for some reason, I don't like how it was setup... it's like a maze. A fire hazard like Cathy K mentioned.Music? Neh.....
2	Been in here a couple of times, I don't see why they always have massive lines. Once you get in its a disappointment, the place needs a serious upgrade in interior design. . Both times I did not really have fun at all. The crowd was awful...made me want to leave within 15 minutes...and I waited 30 mins to get in.I will not be coming back to Pure the next time I am in Sin City unless I am forced to by friends.
2	the crowd here is ok, but i do love the music they play....lots of current club music.  The decor of this place is super nice .... plan to spend over 1,000$ for bottle service though
3	It's a really crowded place with people from all over the world wanting to hook up with other people from all over the world. I was glad to catch the Pussycat Dolls perform next door and see Robin in person. But the music was OK. For fun, one of my girlfriends decided to tease some overly eager Cali boys. They asked what she was doing in Vegas and she replied, "To find someone to marry." Cue in the wingman who whisks them away but before one of them left, they replied (genuinely, mind you) "I'm sorry! I hafta go but I hope you find someone to marry!"Pure's OK.
4	I went here on a Saturday night there was so many people. I mean it was packed. People were dancing in the walk way. I found the bar though and that makes things seem a little brighter. The drinks are expensive $12 for a rum and coke..which had a lot of ice in it. I would definitely suggest getting a table but I'm not sure how expensive that would be. The music was amazing though. All the rooms had a different decor and music in it. That was a plus because if you don't like the music in one room then move to the other one. Another suggestion play in the casino and drink up before you go here so you don't have to buy the drinks. The entrance fee was reasonable I think it was 20. You should definitely come here early like 7 just to avoid the long ass lines.
4	Overall this is a great club.  I have done bottle service here and the tables or booths on the dance floor are great.  I really don't have too much to say about it.  Lines can be long but you always have to expect that at a Vegas club.  You have to learn ways around them.Out of all the times I have been to a Vegas club I witnessed my first Vegas Club fight here in Jan 09.  Two lames fighting on the dance floor were quickly thrown out by security.
5	I went to Pure for the first time on my last visit to Vegas. It turns out one of the managers is from Boston (Dorchester actually, aka God's Country) and because of this my friend and I were let in for free. The guy wouldn't even take a tip. Talk about taking care of your home town. The inside of Pure is gorgeous and is tons of fun. They have a great roof deck that has great views as well.
5	I just went to PURE this past weekend and I had a Blast!  But the catch here is that we had table service!  Drinks being made for you, a bodyguard, great table, beautiful pussycat dolls show, good crowd = great, great night!  We partied until 4am and were happy the entire time!Yes, I could understand some of the lower reviews from people who wait in line forever and then have to stand around all night.  So my suggestion is spring for a table with a group of friends and have PURE enjoyment!!
5	Pure was the best place my friends and I went dancing out for our trip to Vegas.  They had a rooftop deck with an amazing view of the strip, multiple djs, lots of room to dance, and of course, VIP areas we went into for some chit chat, a seat, and, of course, a free drink.  As an added bonus, I loved the music most of the time.  On the down side, my friends and I had to wait a whole 10 minutes to get let in, but in comparision to the guys outside bribing the bouncers and still having a hard time getting anywhere, it was fine.
4	Great place to go if you do it right. First time I went to pure, it was lame and I'd have given it 2 stars (the line was ridiculous & getting drinks was nearly impossible). This past time, we decided bottle service was necessary & got a table out on the roof deck. Getting escorted in and to the table was a nice touch & having drinks brought to the table just made the entire experience that much better. The down side? Decided to leave the table and go dancing downstairs and it was ridiculous. The moment I stepped onto the dance floor some sketchy guy was all up on me... like jeez. Sometimes you just want to go dance with your friends and not get humped from behind by some strange dude.
3	Eh, this just didn't do it for me. It was a huge group of us. We had the VIP booth down stairs. The cabanas upstairs are the shit,we should have gotten one of those. Anyways, the whole VIP area downstairs was way over priced and I didn't think it was worth it. The main dance floor didn't have any music that was made past 2002, seriously. It was nearly impossible to walk anywhere without getting your drink spilled on you. I literally wore my grey goose and red bull down my dress the entire night. The only thing I really liked about this place was the set up. They have a few different areas in the club. Some I never made it to.Overall, I it was OK, hence the 3 stars. But there are far better clubs to go to.
5	pussy cat doll lounge! ... need i say more? there r hot girls singing and dancing right in front of you ^_^ !!!Ok.. side from that, i like this club cause it's very nice, fancy, and new looking =) the music is good.celebreties are ALWAYS there.... i saw kim kardashian and her sister there cause it was her sister's birthday. they totally announced that outside the club and everyone was taking pictures inside the club.this club is typically crowded full of people.. right inside ceasar's palace. beautiful =) it's just a very fun environment.... also can go upstairs for some air.. but if you're going in the summer.. it's probably still hot upstairs too haha =Poverall.... very fun and nice looking club =) !!!
2	I did not like this place.The music SUCKED. They didn't play anything that's hott right now, trust me, I know my dance music. Everything was from circa 1999-2004. No joke. That stuff is cool every once in a while but not all night.Staff were douchebags. I was told to put my shoes on. I'm not in 4th grade, you peasant. My shoes are killing me from the wonderful Vegas strolls I've been on. We were also told to not sit on the couch that my VIP group paid for. The bartender was also rude. The setup is ok...a little dark but just ok. The dancing area is mayhem. So crowded I got vodka cranberry IN MY EYE...how does that even happen? Not even Kim Kardashian can make this place cool.
2	Never again.The day before going to Pure, a promoter standing around Caesar's palace talked to us and put our party on some kind of "guest list."  He was cool about everything and actually got our hopes up that it would be a fun night.The next night, we all arrived around 11pm and we were told to go through the "VIP entrance" - but it was actually a gigantic crowd of people packed around probably the three worst bouncers in all of Las Vegas.  It took us about 30 minutes to get to the front of the crowd, and the bouncer we talked to "Lloyd" promised us we'd get in soon.  Ok, I don't mind waiting a little bit since its supposed to be a nice club.  Plus we had a good mix (4 girls, 2 guys) so I didnt think we'd have to wait too long.We ended up waiting for a damn hour at the front of the entrance before they finally let us in.  That full hour was spent crushed in the crowd and watching Lloyd let other more important people push ahead of us, and the bouncers telling us to make room for these people (as though we could move anywhere at all).  The regular line looked like it was moving swiftly which added insult to our situation.  Finally, one of the managers "Sheets" saw that we'd been waiting for an exorbitant amount of time and told Lloyd to let us in next.  Our being on the "guest list" no longer mattered since by this time it was past 12, thus we were charged the full admission like chumps (even though we had "reduced admission past 12" cards).  We could have waited in the regular line and saved much more time.That whole admission experience left me bitter as hell, and pretty much tainted what could have been a fun night.  We came up with all sorts of theories.  Like maybe they didn't want too many Asians inside.  Or maybe because we didn't tip Lloyd while we were standing there.  Who knows.Anyway, the music was pretty good, DJ AM was spinning, and he played a good mix of old school hip-hop and some mainstream stuff.  The view from the balcony is really nice too.  There was an overall vibe of douchey-ness to the crowd as well as the bouncers -- they tried to charge us an extra $5 to get into another room that had live dancers, wtf?  And Lloyd, true to his douchey nature, yelled at one of our group for standing outside the exit as she was waiting for the rest of us to come out.Don't really know how the table / bottle service is, but I honestly don't plan on going back.
2	Pure Nightclub. You hear about it celebrity blogs and many stars come here but it wasn't anything special to me. The place is ridiculously crowded, the wait to get in is loooooonnngg(Luckily I snagged VIP), there isn't enough floor space and the bouncers are rude.Although the upstairs patio has an awesome view of the Vegas strip and the bartenders were really nice. It just felt like another club. The decor seemed as if it was trying to hard in the main room (too many blue lights). The coolest part was the Pussycat Doll Lounge because there would be a show every 30mins or every hour or something along those lines. The music was OK, nothing special.Overall, I don't know what the hype is all about. It's a nice club but there is much nicer in Vegas. Drinks were pretty expensive. If you have to pay cover just go elsewhere.
5	pure was awesome!!! i l0ved everything about it... dr0pped $2,500 but it was all worth it!.... must admit that the line was long if you don't have bottle service.. our server was really nice and we had an amazing view of the strip. we were sitting next to really nice people , which made it really funn and was even better when i started drinking their champagne... ha ha ha ha
2	I don't like how the front door works here. It was totally unorganized and know one knew anything about anything. The bouncers offered to "get ppl to the front" for the right price.....ugh, so lame. $160 later (yes, guilty....won't be making that mistake again) and finally inside, I was pretty impressed. The guy from Limp Bizkit was there....I forget his name, the one with the black contact lenses. Everyone was dancing and having a good time and the music seemed all right. Upstairs and outside was awesome! There's another bar up there and there's a great view of the strip. I couldn't bring myself to pay the supposed $17 for a corona...WHAT??? It's vegas though. Bottom line: overpriced, WAY overpriced drinks, I don't even think the cover charge is worth it, very big space, great atmosphere......I guess everyone should go once.
4	I came here late with the 4 soldiers left standing in an originally 7 person bachelorette party. I liked the decor, very typical club, whites with neon pink/purple lighting and glass...the dancefloor was wide, but crowded and there were lots of random passages and hallways to get lost in which I like. The VIP overlooked the dancefloor and everyone was dancing. It was a bit crowded and prices were $$, $76 for 4 kamikaze shots and 4 (small) bottles of water (and the shots tasted like straight grey goose-yack!) Anyhow, the club itself was fun...I would've expected a little more on the main dance floor, considering all I've heard but this place overall was good, good dance music, fun crowd, and lots of places to explore..meander about, in your friday/sat. best.
5	GOOD: Its PACKED. Multi-level dance floors and an outdoor terrace. BAD: The long line to the bathroom. Not good for girls who are obnoxiously drunk and are clamping their thighs so it doesn't come out.SMELL: Like 4/20 day everyday.  As soon as you walk onto the terrace, the smell just hits you, cannot avoid second hand. For the ladies its free of course.  Dudes, its $30 at the door. And thats only if the bouncers decide to let you in. The drinks are typical vegas prices.  We paid $50ish for 3 shots of Patron.  Its a good place to drink and have fun.  Watch out for creepers.
4	Called ahead to get on the VIP list which requires you to show up before midnight at the club. However, my two girlfriends and I were like ten minutes late and promptly ran to stand in the VIP line with our fingers crossed that we could still get in. Five minutes later, and the 6'7 ft security guy walked right up to us and let us in free of charge! I'm sure that being 3 cute small females helped pick us out of the crowd as we got to cut ahead of the entire line as his guest.The place is packed and the dance floor is small. Still didn't stop us from shaking our ass for two hours straight on St. Patti's day for spring break! Even got some fun shamrock and glow stick necklaces from random guys. Don't know where they came from. Loved the music as it was a bumping mix of current songs and 90's throw back jams. Fighting to leave the dance floor, get to the bar, and come back to find room on the dance floor again was a hassle so I don't recommend it. Wherever you decide to post in the club, whether it be the bar, dance floor, or table for bottle services, just know that you will be committed to staying in that one area for a while as it's crazy to walk around in the club.
3	I've been here twice, but am writing a review for my most recent trip to PURE, last Saturday.Yikes - $8 for a tiny-ass bottle of Fiji water?  I don't THINK so!  And they won't serve you tap or any other kind of water, either, so make sure you don't overdo it here with the liquor at PURE.  Luckily, we were able to crash a bachelor party in one of the reserved red velvet booths, where they had plenty of Grey Goose and bottled Fiji to go around, but if you aren't as lucky as we were, I'd say save your money and try a cooler place...The patio on the top is nice, though.  You get a great view of the strip.
2	I am NEVER... EVER... going to wait two hours to get into a good-for-VIP-ONLY club EVER again.This place is definitely PURE alright... pure CRAP!I wanted to come here to check the place out. I heard about Pure being so cool and this and that. Ugh. This place isn't worth it. By the time I got inside (and paid $20 to get in), I was already kind of cranky from having to stand in my heels while in line. The first stop was to head to the closest bar. Easier said than done. The club was BEYOND PACKED. There were smelly, sweaty people EVERYWHERE. And, of course, the drinks are overpriced. Well, I guess the prices are normal for Vegas. The club itself seemed nice. I don't really remember the place in detail though. I was too distracted by the drunk people. The downstairs area was waaaay too crowded and stuffy. It's best to go upstairs. At least upstairs you get some air and you get a nice view of the strip. That was the best part of the club. I don't plan on coming back unless I come back as VIP. But VIP at ANY club on The Strip would be awesome. =)
3	With pretty much every other club in Vegas, as long as you're with a group of girls and you're dressed nicely (like i've said before nice for vegas = the shorter the dress the better!) you should have a good time. I've been there 3 times and I've never had to pay the cover charge (Walk up the strip during the day, you'll easily get on the guestlist or get passes within 5 minutes) Saturday night was fun, we got there early around 10 and got in immediately. The drinks are expensive, but pretty much standard prices for clubs in vegas. It was ok, my friends and I were already drunk before we got in there and the rest of our drinks were paid for by some random guys from South Carolina. Around 1 am it got REALLY packed and I literally couldn't move one inch in any direction. However, I was drunk, I didn't care. I got drinks spilled on me more than once...however I was drunk, I didn't care. I almost got knocked over at least a dozen times...however I was drunk, I didn't care. The music was kind of out-dated but I didn't mind, I was drunk. The outside upstairs area is really cool , you get an amazing view of the strip which is great for taking pictures if you're a tourist.  It's a cool club but if I had actually paid to get in I probably would have been disappointed. It's definitely over-rated but I had a good time. Oh p.s. Sunday nights are DEAD. There was only about 15 people on the dance floor with us!
2	got "vip" passes with dinner at rao's so we decided to check PURE out for a drink. by far the best part was the upstairs terrace which had an awesome view of the strip.unfortunately the terrace also contained creepy guys, horrible dancing, and the most awesome display of drunken prowling cougars EVER.one star for the terrace, and one for the giant moth flying at people's heads and making girls scream. at PURE it was all about the minor victories.
3	Pure was an ok experience for me in the beginning of the night. I went to Pure in April of 2008 because we were stopped by a guy on the strip who offered to try to get us in without waiting. It was our last night in Vegas so we thought "What the heck.. may as well". The host did his job and got us past the entire mob of people. And when I say mob... I mean I couldn't even tell where the line was.. It was pretty ridiculous and somewhat unorganized... So we get in and the place is still somewhat empty because it's only about 11:30 Pm and a hundreds of people are still waiting to get in. The place was beautiful. It was just like the pictures you see on the website.. (You know the pictures of the venue that you'll never know reflected the actual club because by the time it's packed, you can't see one piece of the decor). White drapes, pink, purple and blue lighting. Dropped by the bar and paid a ridiculous 20 bucks for a freakin vodka redbull (18 + 2 for a tip). I was so disgusted by the price, i decided to have a double on the next one, lol. So as the night progresses, we walk around, and take a trip up to the roof and you get a beautiful view of the strip and there's a perfect breeze.. But I swear it was like 70% male on the roof, cuz all of them got bottle service up there.. What a rip... pay top dollars just to see a bunch of fellas.. By the time I get down to the main floor, it's startin to pick up and we decide to visit the Pussycat Dolls Lounge (pussycat doll lounge is a small room in Pure which has performances by the females, singing, dancing, etc.). It cost $5.00 to get into the lounge and it was free for women. I couldn't believe how many guys in the club were cheap skates to get in this extra portion. It was less packed and it had a much better girl to guy ratio. Had fun in there and met a few girls who seemed to be very talkative. Danced with one group of gals, having a good time so far.Finally I decide to go out to the main floor with my buddy (1:30ish), and it was the worst shoulder to shoulder crammed piece of crap I've ever seen. It was hot, stanky, nasty and everybody looked frustrated or pissed off cuz they didn't have enough room to dance, didn't have enough room to walk over to the bar, didn't have enough room to move in general. This is what turned me off the most about the club. People were sweating profusely from the lack of air and the slight scent of vomit was circulating.  From that point on, my buddy and I went back to the PussyCat Doll Lounge and remained there. Pure had its good moments. But overall, it was just a mediocre experience. So let's put it this way.Pure better than JetPure not as good as TaoXS rips them all into shreds. If you would like to know more. Check out my review on XS. Take care folks!
1	This place blows. I mean, it just BLOWS. Sure the set up is cool and all, but the DJ made me feel like i was at like an 8th grade dance and it was 3 in the afternoon. The songs were alll waaaay old and crapass songs. Then the dance floor is uber crowded and every other second some asshole spills their drink on you. Here, let me learn you a thing or two.Someone bumps you, your drink is spilling out the left, then you shimmy to the right. Sure it takes some practice but the work it into your dance moves. I don't what it is about this place that makes everyone pour their drinks all over the floor. Tiffany Y. even got vodkacranberry in her EYE!!! WTF!? Then we couldn't even sit down in our own VIP because these douchebags with flashlights kept coming around forcing us to stand up. My feet were killing me from all the exploring I had done in Vegas pretty much all day and the day and night before, so I took off my shoes for a small moment, and I have pretty little clean feet and the flashlight mafia came by in like 2 seconds flat telling me to put my shoes on. Talk about fun police. This place is stupid. NEVER AGAIN! Even the VIP's are treated like peasants. The set up was cool though. Lots of pretty rooms and lights. I hear the upstairs was sick but I never got up there.
2	Aack!!!   Just read my previous review.... what in the hell was I thinking?I think I was trying to be magnanimous.  Damn that.This place is OK.  It's a good place to go to get that "experience," you know the one I'm talking about.  The one where you go to the all white club and party elbow to elbow with Paris and LC and other drunken Vegas-ites all night long baby.  Yeah, whatever.  The things I like about Pure are the fact that I've never paid to get in, even when I was with my mom (do better, ladies, if you have to wait more than 5 minutes), and the fact that there are multiple rooms to duck into so I don't get bored just standing around.The things I hate about Pure...  hmm.... so many..   Let's start with the ass to elbows way they always pack this place.  I was here last over New Years and it was an effin nightmare, I don't think I was in there 30 minutes.  Since I'm too old and crotchety to walk from outside with a sleeveless dress on on a December night, I give them props for having a coat check  but the line was way long and right next to the line of people coming in the club - so it was a big jumble of people.  I hate the way you have to go a country damn mile to get to the the bathroom.  Um, guess what? - By the time I get there I either don't have to go anymore or am so mad I keep on walking straight from there out the door.  The bartenders are so aloof, like whaddya have to do to get some attention around here!  I am paying, you know!  And the drinks are only OK, still too strong.  To me, an extra strong drink is not the mark of a good bartender - if it tastes like juice but has me on the floor that night, then we can talk.And the dancefloor!  Oh the dancefloor.  I so want to get on you and shake my groove thang, show these itches who's boss in the 09....  But how to approach thee?  Or better yet, how to get off thee with all of my limbs intact and no hands up my dress.  I too am constantly wearing someone's drink when I try to get out there, and forever getting stepped on.  There should be a training class on the proper way to dance with a drink and not spill.  Hello, you can't throw your freakin hands up in the air, I'm standing right in your wake....I can't even believe people waste their $20 drinks like that, I make sure to drink every last droplet of moisture out of every single one of mine :).  And I swear there's a sign on my head that says Walkway.  What is it with you tall guys, don't you know there are shorter chicks under you with open-toed shoes?!?!?!  It never fails when I go to Pure, I always limp home.  Ugh, and the dance floor itself, I'm gonna want those guys pushing the towels with their feet to get some bonafide mops out there cuz it is a disaster.  Slimy, slippery, dirty.... I can't even believe people take their shoes off in there.Anyway, I seriously don't understand the hype about this place, its OK but I've seen better.  Once you can say you've been once why bother again
1	Was here on 4/25, which just happened to be the Pussycat Dolls' after party. This place sucks and is more tourist attraction than nightclub. Showed up with host and the line was miles long. Thank god we didn't have to wait in it. However, we had reserved a table with two bottles several hours earlier and upon arrival the jackass doorman pulled a bait and switch on us and said we had to buy three bottles to get a table. We said F that and went in without one, The inside was a fire marshal's dream. WAY too many people to even move, let alone dance. At one point they had to shut down access to and from the upstairs area and a huge mass of people--including myself--were crammed together in one place for several minutes. I was truly concerned that someone was going to get trampled or crushed. I told the indifferent bouncer guarding the upstairs access that they needed to do some crowd control and she just looked at me like I was an idiot. Luckily everybody kept their cool and eventually we were able to move on. That was it for me and Pure, though--I got the hell outta there and won't be back. This might've been the spot a couple years ago, but now it's just a place for people with money to waste to say they've been. Note: this review does not include the connected Pussycat Dolls' Lounge which is a great time on its own and worth the visit.
5	The dishes out mostly hip hop and occasional old school music.  He's an excellent mixer.  The second floor played mostly trance and the mix is better than some top 50 trance DJs in the world.  The crowd is a lot more intimate and friendlier than TAO.  You see a wider range of people including a girl in a wheelchair, Chris Tucker look-alikes, and Santa Claus.  I kid you not!! He was on the trance dance floor with us.  One of the best crowds I've been to in Vegas.
3	I have been here a half dozen times, if that tells you anything. But I've never written a review, because it is just ok. I really like this place which is why I go back, but I don't love it.  The club is beautiful and has the best view of the Las Vegas strip from the open roof area.  The club is completely white and well lit.  The music is great and there is a dance floor on the first floor and one on the second floor. Here is my experience with a group of girls...Not a long wait.  They have a girls only line which seems to move fast. I have never waited in it we just always go to the front and get in without cover.  So just ask a guy at the rope and they worst thing they can say is stand in line.  They have a couple of bars throughout, so it's easy to get drinks.  The dance floor is too small for my taste, but the roof dance floor (more of like an open area by the bar) is a lot better.  For whatever reason this place attracts a lot of douche bags.  Maybe because of the PURE name so they can name drop later to your homies or some other reason.  If you live in LA you know what I'm talking about.  They are total LA trash dbags.  But not all the guys are bad. There are VIP tables downstairs and on the roof as well.  They usually have a host track down hot girls to sit at tables with all guys.  They will invite you over and give you a hand stamp and then just party all night on the white alligator couches.  So enjoy!!!Here is my experience with a group of guys and my fiance.....Definitely splurged for bottle service.  You won't regret it.  They have a variety of tables from white alligator couches and tables downstairs by the bars and dance floor to the amazing cabannas and tables on the roof.  There is even a firepit that overlooks the strip.  If you get a table your  wait time will be alot less, because the GA line tends to be very long.  Cover is $30-$40 for guys depending on the night you go.Just make sure you get there early and dress well and ps. you can't wear stunner shades inside, so just don't bring them.Overall a great place if you are going to 2 clubs in Vegas. PURE never disappoints but it doesn't blow me away either.
1	I went here for a bachelor party last Friday and have to say, it's one of the worst clubs I have ever been to.  The reason you spend thousands of dollars for a stupid booth and unnecessarily expensive bottle service upstairs ('03 Opus One was $500) is so you can pour drinks for the chicks.  Not at this place - there is a rope separating the tables from the rest of the riff-raff, which I'm sure is necessary but totally negates the random chicks walking by asking them to pour your a drink.  The place is jam packed, they let in WAY TOO MANY "Joey's" and the chicks are mostly pretty busted.  I'm engaged so I like to go to these dumps for some eye candy.  Not really the place for that.  For the hassle it was waiting for the place to open, to the zoo it was inside (we never hungout downstairs but should have), this place blew.  I will never go back.
3	Pure is fun...expensive, but that's not unexpected.  There are way too many people here, it seems like it takes an hour to walk across the club.  Someone said that it's not a good place for eye candy, which I find to be a pretty ridiculous statement.  I'm sure we'll go back here every time we go...just hard to wait 2 hours to get in a club for $30 for $9 beers that it takes an hour to get...Like I said though...I'm sure I'll go back, so it's not all bad!  Great view of the strip as well from the top terrace.
3	This was my FIRST club in Vegas at age 21. Wow the line was so hugeeee and I can't believe I waited almost 2 hours. I won't ever do that again! Hah. It's really nice inside with all the different rooms. I enjoyed the music and decor as well. However, the dance floor in the main room is small. If you're an all girl group...definitely worth checking this place out if you haven't. And its likely that you will see a celebrity here.
3	Not much to say about this place b/c eh, it's just okay.  I specifically told my friend I didn't want to come here but once I was a bit tipsy it was easy to convince me!  HA  The music is fun but the crowd, eh, seen better.
4	Sheets!!!! Ask for Sheets at the door he'll be able to take care of you! If your an Asian Female even better, he'll love you for sure!
5	Not going to lie, I loved PURE. Yes it was overcrowded as shit. But it was so nice. For the first time in all of Vegas i could actually dance to the DJ. So happy. So even though it was too light downstairs and extremely hot and sweaty it was perfect because the music was great. Unfort. there were a lot of guys that were creepy. My girls and i just would gradually move away or shake our heads or somehting, but some of the guys were persistant. It's like we already dissed you why are you back. I almost felt bad.  THe music was so good though that we were trying to go upstairs and check out the scene that we would say "after this song" till the next one came on and then we would say it again. The DJ was amazing. Finally making it upstairs we saw the beautiful view the fresh air. One thing i didnt like was the fact that VIP was completely cut off from the dance floor. When we saw this we went back to the dance floor and ditched vip. I was there to dance not people watch. The DJ was really into house music and i like to sing to what i'm dancing too, especially when wasted so I had a harder time dancing to what he was playing but it was still a ton of fun. I enjoyed my night there. ANd surprisingly enough I was out till 3. Usually i want to go home at like 1. so that just shows that the place rocked. I would go there again in an instant. Go there. one thing is that it is so hard to navigate. there are so many freaking nooks and crannies that we had to actually ask how to get out. yep a little weird.
3	Best thing to do in big nightclubs like this is to have a table. We don't do it any other way. I can't stand the fact that they are jam packed the way they are as it is. Even the VIP area gets packed but at least you have a solid place to chill instead of walking around and squeezing through people etc... I like the fact that this club has the outdoor balcony area.  That is one thing not many clubs tend to have available. It is a pretty big nightclub in general, but gets super crowded as most do. The music is alright I recall, mostly top 40. I've been there on a few occasions.
4	One of my favorite clubs in Vegas. Line was ridic but that's why we go with a nice group of girls! haha never with guys, you'll never get in. It's huge and all the rooms are cool. The best part is going upstairs to the roofdeck or deck that's right in the middle of the Las Vegas strip. Insane night. No idea about prices cuz I didnt pay for anything :)
4	I love Pure when I went for Plottie's 21st this one of the Partyjuku's hot spots...had the Vip treatment no waiting in line & the music was poppin the set up is fun & the dance floor is a bit compact but you still will have a good time while a guy lookin like Mclovin tries to harrass to dance w. him or the security guard flashes you up & down w. his flashlight symbolizing he was checkin you out & tries to call you over to chat *scrub****overall good place to party & they have a patio roof top from what I remember geez the only negative the bartender did not know how to make an L.A. water..well what did I expect I'm in Sin City far far away from the city of angels...
4	This is a really beautiful club with beautiful people. Unfortunately it was packed to the gills for the Memorial Day weekend, so it made it a little uncomfortable at times. However, it was still a fun time.
3	One of the hottest clubs in vegas, "Pure," is situated in Caesar's Palace casino.  Arrive early, about 9:30 pm, but even at that hour people are lined up around the casino. Cover at the door is $30, and upon entry one is greeted by clean, white, open spaces.  A main dance floor has a raised VIP platform, two or three bars are found to the side, where the price of a cocktail is roughly $15, a coke $6, and a red bull and vodka nearly $20.  The second space in the club is the "Pussycat Doll Lounge," which features a small stage in the center. The entertainment happens much later in the night, and costs an extra $5 just for the pleasure of stepping over the threshold.  Upstairs, one finds the 14,000 sq foot terrace overlooking the strip and giving the patron a gorgeous view of "Paris" and "Bellagio." The music has a very San Francisco house feel, it might make you feel like dancing, but in the event that you want to sit - you have to pay for the privilege.  There are inviting white leather chairs, all sectioned off from where revellers stand. The price to sit down in one of these and the pleasure of a table to set your drink on?  Four bottle minimum, at $175 a bottle
4	Club Pure is still a fun place to party!  The crowd is not like what it used to be, maybe cause it's getting old.  I DO recommend trying out XS, only because it's the hottest club, right now.
4	Ok, so this review is going to be biased because we were fortunate enough to get into the VIP section due to a bachleor party being hosted there that night. The night started off mediocre, because we got in at the very beginning, so there weren't so many ppl, no one dancing yet, etc. But don't worry, that place definitely gets super packed later on. The music was ok at first, but definitely got a lot better at night. The drinks are pricey if you like mixes like me....a B52 was $12, Adios #13. Thank goodness we were invited to join a bachelor party, so drinks were free the rest of the night. What i thoroughly enjoyed about PURE was that the VIP areas were sectioned off properly, so there is more room to dance and people aren't getting in to swipe drinks unless they're part of the group. A couple of the other clubs we went to like TAO Beach and LAVO didn't have such service. Those clubs may be pretty, but if you have a bunch of ppl sitting at the cabana you rented, and you have to constantly tell them to leave, that would ruin the night I'd imagine. With PURE, security takes care of it for you. Of course, for us girls, it shouldn't matter so much because we don't ever pay for any of this, but it's just a little extra perk that I think takes a club from good to great.
2	"This review is from a year ago"The place was nice, but the people weren't.I'm not sure why people like to party in Vegas for... When places in Vegas are bias and super duper overpriced.What I mean by bias - If you don't know anyone there(as the workers) good luck getting in or getting in faster.  It will probably take you an hour+ if you do not know any of the bouncers handling the guestlist or the VIP table service or if you aren't a bunch of GIRLS!This place was just another example of Vegas, how totally a waste of money this place is.Overpriced - If people want to have fun, isn't it the people you are around, not the place you are at?  If you want to have fun for a little cheaper, or I should say a lot cheaper; Why not go some other place and bring a big group of friends and party for a lot cheaper?  Wouldn't you say more of your friends and the same amount of alcohol would be much funner? Then why not do it?Pure robs you at the door and at the bar!Take a trip to the outdoors - Totally opposite of Vegas, but take it.  Bring much more alcohol and go camping with everything that you need. Bring some music and a big group of friends, I guarantee you... You will have much more fun with almost half the price!So what get more Pure than the nightclub PURE? Nature!
2	Over ratedThe bouncer and door people are unfriendly. Talent is average.Most of the club is split in half. VIP or not vip . It is awesome if you have a table. If you don't. Than your out.Kool club, but it is design for VIP Tables. Kool balcony and thats it.
3	Exactly what you expect in Vegas, lots of white leather, shiney sliver chandeliers, black and dark from the waist down that you can't see two steps ahead of yourself. I think Vegas is known for this cheesy excessive mirrors and a few levels of floors to dance and have vip tables on. This is that club, by the end of the night you will be dripping sweat, wasted, and have danced your ass off. Those in my opinion are the most important bullet points in a successful club experience. Bottle service girl was sweet and mixed shots/drinks for us. And there was enough security to feel very accessible if you had any problems or questions.*The main beef I had was the music/sound system was ridiculously loud, you had to yell to talk to anybody right next to you. If you want to talk to anybody out of their face good luck. My ears were ringing the entire night even after we left the club. The next day I felt totally deaf then it came back slowly. I'm wearing earplugs if I go to Pure again. Seriously. I take off one star what's above and for the so-so DJ, play something current if we are spending thousands of dollars to dance play something that the average club age person will relate to. (this is only valid for the night i attended pure and could be totally different night to night.) I was there Friday - June 5th, 2009.*I take off the second star for the bathroom policy with one person in a stall. That alone is just sorta creepy that the bathroom workers are more like yard duties at lunch time at a middle school than people who should be making sure you're having a pleasant club experience.Wouldn't mind going again...
3	This place is huge!! Used to be the most popular club until XS opened. The lay out of this place is weird. I did not like it.  The music is good but it gets too crowded. The bathrooms are a pain in the ass to get to and there is always a line. Bouncers and door guys are pr*cks!! What a srurpise?!!
1	Wow. "Pure" crap.We went here on our second night excited because our friend's cousin lives in Vegas and said it was her favorite club. uhm, no.SUPER crowdedrude ass bouncerssmelt like vomit according to my friendshitty top 100 music that you can hear on KIIS FMMe and my boyfriend were there for about 20 minutes. We couldn't take it. What's the point in a club when you have no room?
2	(yawn) Boring. It's getting old. The place is nice, but the patio is crowded and small and it's always packed, but really not the spot anymore. We got in free and the music here is always banging, but moving along...
1	this club is crap dont evem waste the taxi fare going there. ONE!! they play no good music, the dance floor is way small and thier bartenders make shit for drinkns. one bartender didnt even know how to make a fuck lemon drop for my girl.SAVE your time and just go to JET. now that is a good club
3	Went there on a Thursday for a bachelorette party and it was fun, probably because I'm partying with awesome people!!! The place is nice especially the patio area. The girls and I didn't have any problems getting in and the bouncers were nice.The music wasn't that bad and it wasn't crowded, but again it's Thursday.
2	We first stopped by on a Thursday night. We got there around 12:30 am and the only spot open was upstairs the open patio area. The crowd was a bit boring and most people were just standing around drinking and talking....Not really so much a nightclub more like a lounge...we had a few shots and quickly ditched the alcohol buyers...not a cool crowd. We returned Friday night (since we were staying in Caesars) I tried to give it another chance. And plus it was free! (I don't believe in paying to get into a club in Vegas...esp if you are a lady). The line was HUGE but we knew a bouncer so no wait. We went into the crowded all white room...way too crowded...it was annoying....we got one of the bouncers to get us a table which was so much better. Unless you are doing bottle service do not go here. Way too many people just standing around. We finished our bottle and left....quick...
2	pure used to be my favorite club in vegas. until recently. over fuckin rated. even flying in vip, the host had to work us through a crazy crowd filled with old people. our table was in the pussycat doll room, where the layout was kinda off and away from the main floor action. pure loves to pimp out their celebrity hosts, and the dance floor felt more like a paparazzi pit as everyone and their moms were rushing the floor to take pics of the kardashians and reggie bush. (khloe was hosting that night) the music was on and off and different in each room, dancing just got to be more of a hassle then anything.im hoping it gets to be better !
5	Really? 3 star average? You folks must not have been VIP VIP, Or had a table on the rooftop overlooking the strip. Or had bottle service. Or you had to wait in the regular people line. That would suck. Fortunately for me, I don't have to wait. And I do have one of the tables. And the alcohol never stops flowing. And I can dance all night in the VIP area without having to deal with the riffraff. Yes, I am truly special in every sense of the word.Music that reminds me of my good times at 1015 back when it was still a decent place to go (think late 90s)? Cute boys? Awesome views? Super nice security who left me alone even when I was out of my mind and running around like a kid in a candy store? Drinks galore? What more could a jet-setting party machine like this girl want? Not a whole lot. Except maybe a bigger dance floor- I don't really like being forced to rub up on complete strangers. I like to choose to rub up on complete strangers :)And I thought the rest of the night was going to be a let down after seeing Jay Z at the Palms. Silly me!
3	Only reason I went to this club is because Chloe Kardashian was making an appearance June 26th. I tried to take pictures but everyone was hovering all over her it was difficult to get even one shot. The club was alright decked out in various shades of white and light accents. The Pussycat Dolls Lounge was cool. The Red Room was cool too it's laid back lounge vibe and the main room with outside terrace area with view of the strip. It was crowded for a Friday night but living VIP style was worth it! Not once did I had to pay for drinks. Guys were nice enough to buy us drinks and show us around. As long as your nice back and are beautiful then you are treated fairly. We went to VIP lounge and danced the night away. It was awesome.
1	Pure is a pretty misleading name.  Gross and full of annoying people is much more accurate.  We came here on a Saturday night.  We were a party of 10.  We got there at like 11:30 and were on the guest list.  I almost dont know what the point of this place having a guest list is.  There is not line for those people it is just a big cluster fuck of who can push to the front of the group and talk to the host first.  Since the normal person line seemed to be moving just as fast it was pretty much bullshit.Also if any one, girls especially pays to get in here then you are a total moron.  There are promoters at al the entrances at night handing out passes for two people each.  Just grab as many as you need from them and dont even bother with the guys on the strip who give them out for tips.  Once you get in this place is super packed.  The only room with actual dancing is the main one and it is like a labyrinth to get to the postage stamp sized dance floor.  The patio was also laid out weird with only one real path and the bar was at the very very end.  Also the bartenders make really gross drinks.  Like its good you are cute and have fake tits that get you tips, but you can even make a vodka tonic right.  I thought I didn't like tao, but that place is a bazillion times better than pure.
4	let me tell u, the only reason why i love PURE is because my BF gets the royal treatment here. I never have to wait in line, the door guys are great... they have good memory.  VIP is the shit at PURE and the only way i'd choose to go to the club is VIP Bottle Service. The tables on the Stage or even the area on the right of the dance floor is great. You can dance without people disturbing you and VERY OFTEN there is a celeb at this club. that is why i love PURE b/c i dont have to wait in line or be stuck in the crowd somewhere.BUT, if ur not getting a table and ur not VIP, this club is just ok. U will wait forever in line... and dance floor gets packed. sometimes i dont like all the music played at this club. they play alot of olllllddddd hip hop sometimes and thats not my style. but when there is a CELEB in the house the DJ definitely livens up the club which is cool. there are some weird ass looking people that go to this club tho! LOL... not my choice of eyecandies lolNever been upstairs, but i heard it is nice. Best spot by far is ON THE STAGE! This venue is great tho. I love the decor, all white and light purple lights... and when u get out of the club, CAESARS is so fun to be drunk roaming around! HAHA. hit the tables baby!
3	My second time at pure and its always a good time..once you get past the door. If you're here on a busy night, do get bottle service or know someone or something that can get you the VIP treatment. the "guestlist" area was a HUGE mess and patrons are generally not very nice. it took a lot of effort to get to the front and even more to get in. But of course, once you're in, and the booze is flowing and enjoying the view in the outdoor area.....I had a great time dancing the night away with my friends. and 3 stars because there isnt anywhere to sit and the door was crazy.
5	I love this place! Absolutely my favorite to hit up in LV! I go with my friends who happen to know EVERYONE in Vegas it seems like so we don't have to wait, etc. Plus, our drinks are cheaper and come out stronger.  But I love having those who have to wait in line talk shit...its too funny when you hear them say "WHO IS THAT AND WHY DON'T THEY HAVE TO WAIT IN THE VIP LINE?" hahahahaa For those who have to wait...I pity you LOL
3	Long ass wait to get in even though my crew was first in line and then when we finally got inside it got hella crowded. Didn't get bottle service because we heard it'd be at least $1100.But the club itself is coo, especially the patio upstairs. Honestly I think that bottle service wouldn't have been that expensive (maybe a 2 bottle minimum instead of 3 for the main room) if Khloe Kardashian hadn't been there that night with her entourage. I wanted to wait till Saturday to go to Pure to see if it would be cheaper but my cousins were tryin to see "their amazon." Kourtney over Khloe if you ask me, although compared to Kim they just look like her ugly stepsisters.
4	I liked this place.  It is not my favorite club in LV but we had a really good time.  The place was packed, I mean you can barely move packed.  The interior was decked out in white and there are a lot of places to go in there.  The music was bumpin', drinks were flowing and the outdoor area would get you over your claustrophobia.  This club meets the typical Vegas club criteria.  Upscale, hard to get in if you bring guys, bottle service over $1000, gogo dancers, multiple rooms etc...
2	So I went on a Sunday night and let me just say that it was not that amazing. My friends and I were on the VIP list and walked right in. Most of the club was actually closed off and the only place you could go was the roof. It was really packed and almost impossible to get to the bar. When we did get to the bar, we ordered our drinks, got them, but I didn't get my credit card back. They said that their system was down and I had to wait!! I waited almost a half hour at the bar for my damn card and id! I was furious and they still made me pay for everything. I complimentary shot or something would have been nice. This is one of the most exclusive and popular clubs in Vegas and their system went down??? I could understand if the entire club was open and exploding with people, but really, it was just the roof? They played Michael Jackson for about an hour, which was fun, but kicked everyone out at 2Am? I thought Vegas clubs go til 4 or 5? Guess not here.
4	Paid 30 dollars to skip a line long enough to wrap around a block, DJ played great music. However the club itself is pretty small and got really packed in a hurry since Kim Kardashian and her sisters were there. Ran into Jordan Farmar (Lakers) on the dancefloor haha, drinks are overpriced but what place isn't in vegas. The crowd was pretty cool, overall it was a good experience.
4	I visited Pure for the first time a couple weeks ago. I will be back for sure. The layout is a little confusing at first but once you learn your landmarks, getting around is easy even when the place is packed. If it wasn't 90+ degrees outside in the middle of the night I would have loved to stay on the balcony outside. The view of the strip is fantastic! The all glass elevator to get up there is a nice touch too. Drinks weren't cheap but they weren't outrageous either. 4 shots of Patron + Rum Cocktail + Tip = $70. My only complaint was that the dance floor was a little small for such a large club and it felt like it hadn't been cleaned in a month. I was standing for about five minutes watching Mya perform (takin' it back to 1998) and almost lost my shoe when I tried to move because it was stuck to the dance floor. It was like trying to dance on Velcro. All in all, great atmosphere, great design and decorations, beautiful people, it is a place to see and be seen in Vegas. **Disclaimer, the line to get in is obscene! Wanna skip it? Find a doorman and slip him a C-note. He'll give you admission tix and personally escort you and your friends to the entrance.**
2	to small.seriously this club is waaaaay to small. first off the girls i went with lagged till right past 12am so we lost our ez entrance so we hadda stand in the line with the other girls for over an HOUR...there were HARDLY people in line maybe what 20 girls? yet it took an hour to get into the SECOND line to get our IDs checked...damn...we got in and we had these free drink vouchers hahah screw it we didnt even use it. at the bar my grls were gettin drinks and this DUDE like lunged at the side of the bar we were at with a full drink...went all over the bday girls FACE! all over  a friends dress...drenched my ooberly $$ shoes...sad time...then this DOUCHE is on my right side and he THROWS his drink again...now itss my turn to lunge...mother effer i was ready to kick his asss his friends were scared to bad the security came around but for what? NO not to drag his looooserish ass OUT but  just to tell him to take off his sunglasses in the club...why the hell didnt anyone drag him OUT?!?!?!besides that the drinks were freakin pricey! dee got a shot & a coke chaser and the CHASER was $6!!! omfg...seriously...ridiculous~!after we walked around tryna find space to breath we made it on the floor. Paul Pierce was there! (yea LAKERFAN but paulpierce is sorta kinda HOT!) & Daisy (from Daisy of Love whooopdeeedooo) it was jaaaaaamed in that lil area it was a straight oven. no dancing i was just squirmin around tryna get away....this one guy man no matter where i moved her was stuck to my left side grosss sooo super grosss...i dun care if theres AC in 115 degree heat outside with like 4959452845 people on the dancefloor i was miserable...soon (VERY SOON) we left ...i wasnt gona pass out for this...ewwww
4	I went to Pure for an event last May. My favorite spot is the outdoor balcony. I like the fact that I can have fun and not endure all the smoke in the club. Plus, you see the Las Vegas lights...awesome spot.
2	If you have a ton of money to blow... please go somewhere else.  i can see the terrace being cool if you have a table, but when i was here the club as a whole was boring, small, and hot.  i bet there are literally hundreds of clubs in vegas that are better than this one.  i'm not a huge club person to begin with, but this was like paying unreasonable money to have all of my pet peeves mixed together (crowded dance floor, long lines for drinks, and a bunch of d-bags).
3	I've been clubbing for years and I've clubbed in San Diego, LA and Vegas - still trying to hit Miami - but anyway.  A really good family friend works at Ceasars so he got his sister and all of us (bachelorette party) on the VIP guest list.  It was busy, but after finding someone that could actually do something, we got in, no problem.  It was very crowded and I should have worn my hair UP.  LOL  It was really good music and lots of fun and within 1 minute on the dance floor, I met a doctor that wanted my number - score for me.  We finally found a nice little table next to VIP and this really nice guy in VIP was handing me and my friends drinks all night.  SCORE #2 - Paul Pearce was there from the Celtics and he is FINE and then there was Daisy, from Daisy of Love - she is a skankity skank for sure.  jThe only shitty part of the night is we lost the bachelorette a la Hangover and found her in the sportbook puking.  ummmm...  Pure was FUN.  I'd go again as long as I could get in free again.  Also, the drinks were expensive, as any hot club, but seriously?  $30.00 for 2 lemon drop shots and 1 bottle of Fiji in plastic cups?  There wasn't a lot of smoke inside either, which was nice - maybe it was non-smoking but I'm not sure?
2	Even if you're on the VIP list, there's no separate line. You bombard a guy with a clipboard who handpicks who's ready to go in whilst being yelled at by another guy who tells you to step back and not bombard the guy... better have a lot of girls with you. Upstairs outdoor area is cool but not worth the BS (unless you meet some gaming CEOs who let you sit at their table and drink all their drinks).
3	I went here on my Bachelorette party and was on the guest list with an all-girl group of 8.  The place was packed with techno crowd.  Although the outside deck was beautiful, the bar for some reason is in the corner and the bathrooms all the way on the other side.  Navigating the crowd stinks and there is a ton of money spent here.
5	Pure is clutch man. Went on a Sunday night this time and the party was poppin'. We were originally at XS, but that place is just too big for its own good sometimes. So we cabbed it over to Pure and it was well worth it.Suggestion: do a little legwork and grab some free passes during the day. Even though we got there post midnight, we just gave the passes and got in, no cover. Also, no line really either. Only the rooftop was open, but that's like the best part of Pure anyway. We got our drinks in a reasonable amount of time. Everyone seemed pretty friendly, and my buddy got in a C-walk battle with some Eastern European man. A good time was had by all.
3	This was the club chosen for our first night in Vegas.  We didn't get on any guest list, so we just hopped into the girls' line.  We were inside in less than 5 minutes with no cover!I've been here before when it was super packed.  The night we went was still pretty crowded, but not as bad as I've seen it.  We started out at the bar on the far right side of the main room.  It was easy to get drinks here, and not too crowded.  As the night went on, the dance floor got packed.  I was constantly getting bumped around and stepped on...ouch!  And every now and then I'd feel someone grinding up on me from behind.  Why do guys think they can be obnoxious a-holes just because they're in Vegas???  The bathroom is in the back corner of the main room, so you have to navigate your way through a crowd of drunk people before you can relieve yourself.  There's a bathroom located on the rooftop that was much easier to get to.  On a hot Vegas night, the rooftop is the place to be.  You can get fresh air and get away from the sweaty people on the dance floor.Overall, Pure is an ok place to party.  Its easy to get in if you have a group of girls.  No cover is always a plus.
3	friend knew a friend who knew someone so we got in there for free and no wait! YAY! however, it was so crowded inside and kinda small.  i thought the layout of the dance floor was kind of weird. straight up like a rectangle. we went upstairs. but that was whack too.. took a few shots.. danced a little bit more and then left to go drunk gambling.. which was not a smart thing to do.. haha
2	Cover is crazy expensive for Pure, which isnt a new club and simply allow anyone in. So I scored passes from a guy on the street who only asked to tip him. Dont buy the passes! if you purchase passes, then they arent real. The promoters arent allowed to sell passes!! so be aware! also there are some promoters walking around the casino right before the club opens and they give out bracelets to girls who are dressed well. Try to score both of these passes because you get a free drink with the bracelet and you get vip line advantage no cover with the pass!I was told that dress code is enforced! no flip flops so i was pissed when girls were allowed inside with flip flops and jean shorts! o well. the price of looking good. The dancefloor gets overcrowded very easily, so I think the club owners should expand the dancefloor or try not to make it look seperated with all the columns surrounding the dancefloor. The bathroom downstairs is well equiped with hairspray, cigarettes, and mouthwash! and very clean. The upstairs patio is also very nice, you can catch a nice view of the strip and all the lights. The bar isnt crowded at all and you can get your water downed whatever drink of choice super fast, especially when you ask nicely! But I  simply came here to see the PussyCat Dolls perform. And they were really really good. The main girl interacts very well with the audience and all the girls dance very well! Complete plus for Pure.If it wasnt for PCD, then I would of definitely hit up a more upscale club.
2	Nice place..I mean I really like it...except...The way you run your shit! How can you hire a bunch of douchebag guys that talk to people like their assholes? Yeah I told the security guard to go "F" himself but that's only cuz he was rude when I was trying to be ever so polite. Also, $68 bucks for fout Jager bombs!? Seriously!? I thought this was a recession period, not an inflation period....Go fuck yourself Pure!
1	I.Hate.This.Place.You know what, no, that is a little extreme.  Every time I come here, I have a really cool story later; full of drama and douchebags.  Not exactly the D and D someone like me is into, but hey, you have to take what you can get.I realize that in The Vegas, to get the privilege to sit in a club, you have to pay...and pay dearly.  But the premium at this club is ridiculous for what you get.  Bottle service is around $350 a bottle with a two bottle minimum.  And I say "around" because it changes all the time.  And good luck trying to get someone to call you back about bottle service...I once left three messages (each 48 hours apart) to try to find out before I got a call back.   If you're willing to pay this much, go to LAX; it is a much better time. Like all clubs, the line is kept intentionally long to make it seem more elite....yet this place hands out more VIP passes than any place I have ever seen.  If you are VIP, you still have to wait in a line (or rather, stand in a disorganized bunch), it is just not as long.  Kind of like FastPass at Disneyland.  Only there is no cool ride once you get to the front.The clientele here is douchy....to be expected.  If you are looking for "new money", girls wearing almost nothing, guys in expensive jeans and button down shirts, people who wear Ed Hardy fashions on a daily basis, then this is your place.A lot of the above could be forgiven if the music were that great.  Because really, I'm not going to a club to make new friends or find intellectual stimulation.  But...it isn't. Same old top 20 crap, and depending on who is working that night, sometimes when you DO hear a good song, good luck getting to hear more than 45 seconds of it.Three visits ago (yeah, stupid me went back two more times after this before giving up) when I was there, while waiting in the VIP line for re-entry.  I had a girl try (unsuccessfully) to throw a punch at me outside (for absolutely no reason other than she was trashed), and was asked to leave by the bouncers. You know, I was right the first time.  I hate this place.
5	ahhhhhh...what to say....Las Vegas how I love and hate you! but Pure...I must say I adore you!Every time I've gone to Pure (6 times) I have had the VIP treatment...no waiting in lines, escorted into VIP table service which were over flowing with good looking men with bottle service, danced on tables, couches, and was inches from the Pussy Cat Dolls! AMAZING!I have to say the people that bitch about expensive bottle service here, ummmm.....WELCOME TO VEGAS! Any time you get bottle service it's going to be expensive. Nice clubs are going to be expensive-THAT'S WHY THEY'RE NICE, if you want cheap drinks and to wear your jeans to the club go to a place off the strip and hang out with the people pushing baby strollers who don't have teeth.Pure- I love you and you keep getting better! Thanks for the memories!
1	Going to have to agree with Lanette here.  This place is way too crowded and the people here are not chill.  The highlight of the evening was watching Grandma dancing to a trendy TI song.  The VIP line was lame, and thank God we didnt pay a cover to get in.  But the drinks were expensive, and again, way too crowded.  And no one was getting table service - probably b/c they were over elsewhere.I ended up having more fun losing my $ @ the slot machines than the entire hour I spent in Pure.  Lame and not worth the time.
5	This is one of the most popular clubs in Vegas. One of the benefits of this club is, there is a ladies line. I don't remember until what time they honor that, so if its just you and your girlfriends you don't have to wait in line with guys. The VIP area is nice. It is outdoor and has a beautiful view of vegas, especially the paris tower. I love how the interior is decorated, mostly all white. I would definitely reccomend this place.
3	So I got my friends and cousin on the guest list on a Friday night...3 girls and 3 guys. Okay I was told the girls would get in for free and the guys would have to pay, which isn't a biggie. When we got there around 10:30, the outside of the club was packed. There was a line for only girls, a line for people who aren't on the guest list and a hurdle of people in the center who were on the guest list, squeezing and shoving to get to the front to speak with the bouncer. Okay there were about 80+ people in that pack, and I NEEDED to get to the front.... Hmmm... it was going to be tough. A group of about 10 girls were ahead of me, so I loudly mentioned to my cousin about the all girls line. A girl from that group overheard what I had said and asked me about that line. I wasn't telling them a lie; I told them that it does move faster than the current area that we were in. So that group left..that got me closer and now I'm in the middle of the cluster.... Okay, so another group leaves after they find out that they need to be on the guest list, so I squeeze and shove through a group of guys...What else could they have done, but to let the girls pass.... YAY!! I'm right in front. I tell the bouncer my name and he finds it on his clipboard. I tell him that I have 3 girls and 3 guys. We wait there for about 20 minutes and I keep on flashing him smiles... hoping that would get us in faster...finally he lets us through.. and the best part about it was the guys DIDN'T have to PAY!! This took a total of 45 minutes, but it was worth it for all of us not paying!! Inside, it was crowded but you were still able to move around. Drinks were expensive as with any Vegas club. After an hour had passed, the place was so packed that you really couldn't move. A girl stepped on my foot with her heels and didn't bother to apologize. I guess that's with any club when it gets crowded, but the club kept on letting people in. It was so packed, that you couldn't really dance. By 1am, my group was tired of pushing and squeezing through groups from the dance floor to the bar... we had to leave. Overall experience was okay. I would prefer TAO!! We were all glad that none of us had to pay cover.
3	At the time I went, there were few places in Vegas more heavily hyped-up than the celebrity-laden Pure Nightclub. I held high expectations since there were rumors flying that it could take some 2 hours just to enter the venue, but hell, we had to experience what the hype was about so we readied ourselves for Pure.Long story short... it took a little over an hour to enter Pure and once we were in, the place was packed! Packed like Sardines would be a gentle way to put it... it bordered beans in a can. You literally could not move without touching 3 people... the bar, you can imagine, was just as difficult. The upstairs and outdoor area was a sigh of relief, it was packed but nowhere near the human-traffic jam that was the main downstairs level. In all honesty, I was not too impressed with Pure when Pure was at it's prime but for some reason I still enjoyed my time... Despite the negatives, I would still recommend Pure for those who have not gone.. however, I would classify it as a place to go to once just to say you've been there. The music and DJs were pretty good, it is a modern venue with multiple rooms, the outdoor area is one of the better outdoor areas on the strip and of course, the venue does not fail to provide some of the better, younger and hotter women Vegas has to  offer
3	Went to Pure on a Thursday night and only the outdoor patio portion was open.  We got a table with an amazing view overlooking the Strip.  The crowd was pretty chill.  If you're looking for that "Vegas" club experience on a Thursday night, don't go to Pure.  However, if you're looking for a chill clubbing night, Pure works.  Regardless of the chill environment, my friends and I still had a great time.
2	first I would like to point out several things that make my review slightly different than most since I've been working in the event management/ security/ production for a lil over 10 years, also being from the bay area I tend to think our clubs are a little more catered to specific demographics so we're a little spoiled.  (which is why I gave two stars and not one)So I got a pass for this place and thought why not. Lines are lines and to be expected so that was no biggie. Different treatment for VIP and regulars (hats and dress code) again to be expected. What is unacceptable is the fact that they didn't honor the pass when I got up to the front at 11:47 (the pass clearly states midnight). What the pass didn't say was that they could refuse to honor the pass. Once inside it was very very crowded, another to be expected in Vegas. Than when the guy told me I couldn't wear my slouch hat (rasta hat that hold all the hair/dreads) which is BS considering its not sports attire and dudes were rocking kangols all night, but the kicker was I had to pay like 10 bucks to check it in.    What is completely unacceptable to me is the lack of DJs. talent. I heard the same song three times in one room. THREE TIMES!!! Upstairs there were several times where there was no music at all. Not only that, but the kicker for me, the music itself was so unfocused I couldn't even dance with a girl cause every other song was either AC/DC or some other old rock band. Like I stated from the gate maybe its cause I'm from the bay, but DJs spinning crap is just pathetic. Perhaps I will go find other clubs that clearly are targeted for one group of people and not managed by money hungry a holes OH WAIT WE'RE TALKING ABOUT VEGAS!!
4	I haven't been here in years, but i had some great memories here. I saw The Pussy Cat Dolls here, met Sway with Mary F and spent the entire night with him, so much fun! The club is HUGE, but I heard XS is bigger than Pure. It's very hard to get in here, you need to coordinate girl vs guy ratio and pay the bouncers in order for you to get in! Once you're in, you'll have a great time.  Make friends with people that have VIP tables.Good luck!
4	Tiffani Amber Thiesen?  Kelly Kapowski from Saved By the Bell!!!!  I'm there!She was the guest of the night but wasn't a very exciting guest...oh well, didn't ruin my night.  It's always a good idea to go to a club with a group of good friends.  Drinks are pretty easy to get, you don't have to wait long and the bouncers are super friendly.  I would definitely come back.
4	Went to Pure in Feb. 2008 with a group of girls. We had an awesome time. The music was great, we met nice people, and just had an awesome time. Sure there were snotty people there, but we go to have fun and not act like bitches so we didn't really care. We also didn't have to pay to get in or wait in line. We flirted with the Pure booth guy and all of us got in free with no waiting. I would never wait 2 hours to get into a club! That's just me. Drinks were pricey and water was ridiculous. TIP: Drink in your hotel room before going to the club so you have a nice buzz and then you only have to buy another drink or two at the club - it saves you a TON of $$$. Or, just meet some nice people with table service willing to share their drinks. That's what we did!The same weekend we went to Tao and I would have to say that I actually liked Pure much better.
3	We heard that they have PCD lounge and that was the only reason we decided to show up at Pure. When we arrived they informed that the lounge is closed and that only rooftop area is operating. wtf, it's thursday night and people need some drinking and mingling to do! Anyways, without complaints we navigated to the rooftop while catching glimpse of the PCD lounge. Looked pretty coooool.... The rooftop was packed with semi bachelor and bachelorette crowd. Otherwise nothing special, typical lounge with cheesy music that even the DJ probably was tired to spin. The dumb thing is that all the seating area was bottle service and since no one was interested in purchasing bottle service in some random rooftop lounge the tables were singing looney tunes and looked deserted. We reckoned that someone just doesn't know how to run a party there. If they were smart enough they would have seated all those patrons. Believe me seated, ladies more willingly order drinks. My heels were too tired to stand like a stick so we departed not long after.
3	It was my first time here at this night club. We went on a Saturday night so it was PACKED. My friend knew someone so i paid $10 to get in. There was a little wait, about 30 mins, which wasn't bad compared to some people. So when we finally got in we went straight for the bar. The bar was pretty packed and it took a while to get a drink. It was really crowded downstairs so we went upstairs to go outside for some fresh air. I think it was more packed upstairs then downstairs so we didn't stay up there too long. It was nice upstairs, but moving around was really hard. So we felt cool so we took the glass elevator down to the first floor and headed for the stage because we heard Eve was going to perform. She sang some of her popular songs back in the day and it was pretty crazy. Eventually we made our way to the pussy cat room and watched a really cool performance. The pussy cat dolls there were really good so you should go watch it if you're just chilling in the club. The one thing i remember specifically about this club is that the jagerbombs are $17!!! I guess it is Vegas, but Gdamn. So instead of getting the bomb i got a jager and redbull drink so i got a little more for my money. One funny thing that one of my friend's girlfriend's cousin was being followed by some guy i just met. We could tell that she wasn't into him, but we found out that he doesn't give up easily. He got her drinks and everything. It was hilarious. So to help her out i went up to her and started grinding on her. Thankfully she got into it and i totally cock blocked him. haha. Good times.
1	Worst f'in club in all of Las Vegas.  I swear the people that run the show here are absolute dumbasses.  Granted, before I start the bashing of the club, I did not get table service, which I'm sure would be great, but if I pay $450 a bottle I am going to a nice club, not this old fart saggy balls pretentious POS club.  Since when is a MOB of people considered organized?  The VIP entrance area is exactly that, its a mob and contest to see who can be biggest douche and shove yourself to the front so they can talk to the almighty people with the clipboards.  Thankfully we have a few of those guys in the group and we got to the front pretty fast, sorry to any little ladies that got trampled but its a kill or be killed system.So we got passed the enormous normal line (if anyone ever stands in those, figure something out cause its easy to get around.  ), through the VIP mob, only to be graciously placed in another line to pay.  $40 to get in for guys,  whatever its Labor Day weekend and we pregamed quite a bit.I should have just burned the $200 we wasted to get in, because at least then this place would not have gotten our money.  They obviously dont keep capacity numbers and they let EVERYONE in this weekend.  The club itself is so hard to get around with all the narrow passageways already, and pack it to the brim with drunk asses and fake boobies and moving around becomes a 20 minute marathon.  The one itty bitty dance floor was so crowded it was stupid, more people were bumping into others than actually dancing.  Roof, also packed, another 20 minute shoulder to shoulder trek to get from one side to the other.    Needless to say we left in about an hour after getting some exercise walking aroundStick to the good clubs, XS, TRyst,  Perfecto at Rain, Lavo are some of my favs.  But I'd take body shots of gasoline off of a fat chick before coming here again.
3	We came here on our second night in Vegas after having gone to Tao the night before. There was a huge line as expected, but thanks to the almighty girl power we had in our group, we were able to bypass the line and get in.There are a few different rooms with different music, and a rooftop deck; however, the club itself seemed a little smaller than Tao. They had lots of good music playing and had more options like house/techno on the rooftop. It was really crowded on the main floor, but some of the other dance floors like the Pussycat Lounge were pretty open. This is a pretty good club, and it doesn't seem as pretentious as some of the others like Tryst or Tao.
3	PURE was okay. If you follow the secret insider tips then you'll have a better time than most others, so read carefully!COVER: If you call the day of and ask to be put on the GUESTLIST, you don't have to pay cover. It's that simple. We were there on a Saturday night during the busy labor day weekend, and we all got on the guestlist, avoiding the huge charges!LINES: Expect to wait 30 minutes to 2 hours... unless you're on the guestlist! We got in almost right away, and our guy to girl ratio was 3:2, which is why I was surprised that we got in.DRINKS: The wait for drinks isn't too bad, especially because there are 3-4 bars in the 3-4 areas. Prices are slightly above standard. It was my friend's birthday, but they don't do any free drinks. I had a jagerbomb, lemon drop, buttery nipple, kamikaze, three wise men, liquid cocaine, and tried my friends' tokyo tea and washington apple. They were all stiff enough for my liking, and were made fairly quickly. Remember to tip!CROWD: Hipsters, aged 25-33, with the occasional man or woman in their 40's or 50's. My friends and I were all 21 so we felt super young. It seems like all the youngins go to Tao when they come to Vegas. ROOMS: The rooms were all nice. Lots of lights and some Pussycat Dolls dancers. cooooool.Overall a cool place if you're on the guest list.
4	:( - Older crowd (plenty of cougars the night I went) - Bartender bamboozled my drunk self into purchasing Fiji water instead of getting tap - Balcony is humid. Also crowded because of its awkward shape :D - Best music of any Vegas club of been to...if you like 90's hip hop (which I do)
5	This place is pretty daamn sweet!!!!   I'll never come here and not get table service though.    I can't imagine waiting in line.    The service is excellent.    Didn't have to wait for the bathroom, since the VIP get their own bathroom!!!!    Always have a place to sit.       Lots of hotties at the place!!!  Definitely one of my favorite spots in Vegas.
3	Pros:-I didn't have to pay any cover!  We were with three boys and two girls and we ALL got in for free!  (it was also labor day weekend)  We just called in earlier that day and asked if we could get on the guest list.  then i think we got there at around 9? or 9:30.  we waited a bit and they let us in! wahooo!-The interior is really nice..well compared to other clubs i've went to in the bay area.  they had two floors and two kinds of music...well from what i remember.  -Music: i actually liked the music! they played late 90's and early-mid 2000's (not sure what u call those).  it reminded me when i was younger..they played nelly, missy elliot, etc. wahoo!Cons:-Drink prices: well what do u expect it's vegas...i paid 13 for my tokyo tea!-one of the bartenders was REALLY mean!  we asked for just tap water and they wouldnt give it to us..they sed we had to leave the club if we wanted that. jerk-the crowd was a bit too old for me..they looked like they were all at least in their late 20's =(all in all. it was cool cuz we got in for free!
3	Pure just isn't as happening as it used to be. I guess after coming here numerous times it just doesn't appeal to me as much as it used to. Also recently going to Tryst and XS, I have higher expectations as far as Las Vegas Clubs are concerned. It still draws a crowd and bottle service with great peeps was a plus! I still had a great time but I think it's time for a facelift for Pure. We got two bottles of Grey Goose and I was pretty faded. I was pretty perved prior to getting into the club as I hit the poker tables and took advantage of drink service!I think there are more happening clubs to go to on the strip. XS, Tryst, Rehab, Moon and Tao just to name a few.
5	5 guys paid no cover.  5 Stars!
4	PURE is a great place to party in Vegas! From the Pussy Cat Dolls dancing, to the huge dance floor on the mid-level, to the awesome view from the roof. I have to say though, we did get the hook up on VIP service, without it the place might have been a bit of a head ache. First we were personal escorted to our private table on the rooftop. We had two huge couches to ourselves right next to the amazing fire place. The view was incredible, it was as if we were floating in the middle of the strip. Our section host, Darren, would personaly take us to the restroom any time we needed and get us priority standing in line. Pretty effing funny if you ask me. The DJ was killer and the drinks were flowin. Vegas has a lot to offer, but I will for sure be back to PURE!
5	I loved this place.  My favorite part is that its a rooftop club.   I never actually spent anytime in the indoor section but why go inside when you have a huge dance floor, great bar and a great view outside??Yes drinks are expensive but where is it not expensive in Vegas? If you don't want to pay for drinks at the club hen play in the casinos penny machines for a while and get free drinks from the casino staff then go dance your butt off.  Again I can not complain about waiting at any club in Vegas because I went with a group of girls and the bouncers were more then happy to let us right in. Sorry guys!
1	I can not rate the inside of the club as we stood in line for 1 1/2 with VIP tickets!!! They make you stand there until 12am so that the VIP tickets are voided. This was my first time to Las Vegas and this club made me not want to go back. That and they charge $350 for a bottle with VIP TICKETS!!!! This place sucks, go to X S, at least you can get it
4	I hate reading that people don't have  a good time here. I have never paid to come here and I have also never waited in line never ever! I just go to the front and they let me in. Enough said...I have been to Pure three times in the past year. Last time I went was two weeks ago and Pure was as good as always. My friends and I got in and headed straight for the dance floor. And like always, got the invite to the VIP area, so we had fun. K so let me tell you about the club...There are like 4 sections to this club. They have the VIP outdoor patio, the pussy cat lounge, the main floor and then the upstairs outdoor area. There's different music playing in all the areas so you have lots of options to choose from. The drinks aren't too expensive, though Ive only bought one drink here in total. All the other times I get hooked up at the VIP area. Its fun but if you have to use the restroom, theres no hook ups haha. you have to wait in a long line and fight with drunk girls to keep them from cutting in front of you. Besides that, I have always had fun at pure and you will too! so go go go!PS. If you want to really have fun here, you have to come on a day during the summer or late summer because once school starts, you will only find ugly old men here lol.
4	Tip #1: Do not, I repeat, do not buy a VIP pass from any of the homeless people on the street.  I'm still too embarrassed to admit if I did this or not.Tip #2: Do not stand in line.  I did call ahead to get on the guest list AND I also got real VIP passes from a girl inside the casino, although I'm not sure if any of this helped.  The bouncer didn't seem like he saw my name on the guest list, but I think if you dress the part they will let you in for free regardless.Tip #3: Take the time to catch the Pussy Cat Dolls show!  They were awesome and really entertaining.Tip #4: If you don't like crowds, once inside give the VIP area bouncer some cash and he will let you in.
2	This is a younger (sloppier) crowd, which is surprising because it's at Caesar's. I found the service to be a brutal, mostly because of the twenty-somethings ordering 15 shots (all different and none simple) and then using their debit card to pay really seemed to slow down the staff. The DJ the night I was there must have just learned how to mix, because he would sample a song for about 3 seconds and then change it up. Of course that didn't stop the girls from Delta Delta Delta from spilling drinks all over the dance floor. As for the roof top bar, come on views of the Imperial Palace and the Flamingo are one step up from tourist photo's of the guys passing out adds for hookers- you know it's there but you just don't want to see it.
4	Pretty nice club. Got in for free. Music was alright. There was a pussycatdoll show, but couldn't really see much cause it was kinda packed. There's a patio, which was nice. Drinks were fairly priced. (Except they charge for water.) The crowd is betwwen 25-35. I felt like a kid, but oh well!
3	It was definitely our lucky night when we went to Pure. A friend was able to get us (girls and guys) in for free without needing to wait in line, and some obnoxious VIP guest was throwing dollar bills at the dance floor.The interior wasn't bad, although nothing stood out too much to me. Since it's Vegas on the weekend, it was extremely crowded, thus difficult to avoid unwelcoming attention by strange male. The pussycat doll lounge was a bit of a let down, I guess we didn't catch the right time to go. I really liked the upstairs outdoor terrace, it's quite unique to be able to get fresh air and great night-view in a club.
2	hmm... I came to VEGAS to celebrate my 25th... thus being my first time to Sin City- I was VERY UNIMPRESSED! Seriously with all the other nightclub choices... I wouldn't come here ever again. I was put on a guest list... but even still it was a 45 minute wait. Thanks to a friend, I was able to be escorted in. Although, I got a free show- Sean Kingston performed... he did 2-3 songs and that was a wrap... Personally- the long lines are not worth the wait. Plus, the decor was nothing fancy. I've seen better clubs in SD. I'm glad that I didn't pay to get in- so I guess I didn't lose much except almost an hour of waiting just to get in!
2	ummm... yuck!!We went here because my group made friends with a bunch of girls that had vip bottle service and added us to their guest list. We got in with no problem and didn't pay cover. The layout is really nice. When you go up the stairs to the rooftop, you can look into the pussycat doll lounge & see them performing. The rooftop overlooks the strip and it's pretty. And that's where everything good ends... It is wayyy too crowded!! I'm used to crowds, but this crowd was HORRIBLE!! People cut between our group sooo much me & some of the girls linked arms & people still wanted to walk through us.  Personally, I do not like dancing with 40 / 50 something year old men & milfs. Worst of all, THE FLOOR WAS SOOO CROWDED THEY DIDN'T BOTHER CLEANING THE DRINKS AND VOMIT ON THE FLOOR! yes, vomit. Redbull vodka was $16. They were trying to kill me! No this is definitely not my favorite club in vegas!
3	There are glimpses as to what this was. DJ AM used to DJ here and it's true to the RIP DJ AM sticker on the DJ's laptop. The great thing about this was our friend Jenn S. got us in for free, no line, no wait, FREE (I'm a male!) Unheard of in Vegas! Anyways, the club is alright, the crowd not to great. Most of the people were below average, which is the main reason for the 3 stars! Music is good. There were better looking people on the upper level, and they made it RAIN!! My friends and I made $15!! =)
3	My friends and I liked the music a lot better here than at XS, and I did enjoy the view of the strip from the roof top. However, that's were the good things end. The place was crowded and the floor was sticky as hell from spilled drinks and whatever else. There were multiple couples pretty much having sex on the dance floor... thought this was supposed to be a classy club.
1	This place sux!!!! - have been here three times and disappointed more and more each time.. Most recent time had a table res and still stood in line for an hour and they didn't honor the res and claimed there was a 2 grand minimum.. When I called the reservation guy he totally bs'd me and wouldn't let us in.. This ghetto ass place is horrible.. Don't waste your money here - go to The Bank or another place that has great service.
1	PURE?  More like pure hell.  We went for Halloween.  Now the upside is we didn't pay anything to get in.  Everything else was a downside.  It was so crowed in EVERY corner of the club that there was no place to dance.  If you tried to stand and try to chat (over the sad jams that were being played) the bouncers made you move.  The drinks were weak and served in plastic?!  We found some peace from the insanity in the Pussycat lounge -- I don't understand why people think this is good burlesque.  The mostly pretty, painfully thin girls where like stiffly posed and moved barbie dolls.  One very tall blond could hardly move, she reminded us of a white guy busting a move on the dancefloor with his thumbs all jerking around.  She was dancing with a lit cigarette and we all thought she might hurt herself  They as a whole were lame.  Dita they were not.  Maybe this place is better on a non "holiday" evening, but it was a total bust for us.  We went elsewhere on the strip to play and had a great evening.
5	The following is a fabulous but true tale of a Saturday night at Pure.It begins on Friday.  I'm in Vegas with a bunch of dudes - gay pornos start out this way, but I assure you, it's not like that.  A girl I know from Revere has been out here for the past ten years - she aint a stripper, a casino worker or a meth head, but lives out here and runs a lucrative business (a LEGITIMATE business).  She is very good friends with the lesser known daughter of a rock and roll legend, and since Vegas is so celebrity-obsessed, all she has to do is call Pure on her behalf and say, "So and So is making a special appearance tonight and needs a table."   Easy enough - this is why people from Revere are among the best scammers in the world. Saturday night, two o'clock-ish, we arrive.  No waiting.  It's all about being "IN" and having "IT" and tonight I have both - we are ushered in, I avert my eyes, careful not to make eye contact, but act like I belong here, engaged in nonstop conversation with my friend from the moment the bouncer from Saugus, Mass lets us in till I get my ass down on the pricey leather couch, only then do I allow myself to scope out the place and laugh to myself that I'm here, at this moment, with these people, and plan on when it's appropriate to make a run for the bathroom, break out the BlackBerry, and start sending out messages such as, "you will never believe this..." (yeah, I suck).  But I do not want to miss a minute of anything.  We have our own table, our own bottles, etc.  True VIP's. The club itself is pretty much meh. I'm not much of a club guy, anyway, now that I'm old and fat, but I'm always down for some good comedy, and this place has great bucketfuls of it. Hot girls everywhere, mostly hot chicks with douchebags (check the website of the same name) and a better tit and bum show here than at Spearmint Rhino.  I have never seen so many Chinese girls with an addiction for nose candy in my life.  Little Asian girls, hopping around on their hobbled feet like their Mandarin ancestors, walking arm in arm, wearing the Jimmy Choo's and flimsy D & G slips, giggling into their little white hands and coming up with a nostril of snow.  Take away the white curtains, the leather couches, and you have a bar on Revere Beach.At another table are two A-list celebs, friends of the one we are with, in town for the Pacman/Cotto fight, and soon we are all sitting together, talking about neighborhoods in Boston, throwing out names of some of the older Irish families from JP and Dot, and everyone seems to know someone, whether it's through the Post Office or Boston Latin.Now, keeping in mind that I'm a government employee, who basically crashed this party, I'm not naive enough to think that any broad in this place would be interested in me - however, they are VERY interested in penetrating the golden circle.  BEWARE of these vampyres, who linger around the VIP section - because they do NOT have a table - and remember that Vegas rules allow a girl from No Neck Virginia who has fake boobies and clingy tissue-paper for an outfit carte blanche in a city of lonely men looking to spend money and act like a big shot.  Considering the guys we were with are real heavy hitters, one of which, in my opinion, a major Hollywood player, these broads didn't have the balls to try their skill on them.  I was singled out by a pair of bloodsuckers who took one look at me and thought they saw the word SUCKER flashing over my head.  Fortunately, I can spot a fellow piece of trade from here to Stuttgart.  I'm talking to my lady friend and I feel the shadow over me.  Looking up I see two irresistible bitches, the type that Prince writes songs about, and they ask me if they can leave their purse on the seat next to me.  This, gentlemen, is to establish a spot on the elusive sofa, a place they can come back to, a place they can tell the bouncer, "see, my purse is there, that's where I'm sitting."  DO NOT ALLOW THEM IN!  Unless you got BOTH the deed to the coke mine AND the AmEx Black, these girls will have NOTHING to do with you once they put their pussies all over the coveted leather seat and set their hooks into who they really want to bang.  Get some sac, look them straight in the eye, realize that you are not the hot hunk of man meat they want, and when they ask to leave their purse, you reply, "sure, can I go through it?"  They will get the hint and you won't get blue balls. Overall, a great night - definitely a five star experience, but a two star type of place.  I drank way too many jack and cokes, partied with the beautiful and damned, and in true rock star fashion, didn't pay a dime for any of it.
4	This is one of the premier night clubs in Vegas. The drinks cost like everywhere else, the line is just as bad, the music might be a little better, and the cover not as harsh as some.Even with the above it's just a good time. However where PURE misses is it's outdoor area. It gets way to crowded too quickly, and the interior just isn't that exciting. The dance floor isn't big enough, and the VIP areas are just terribly located.However, it's known as one of the better clubs because it is. People who go to Pure are looking to have a good time, and that shows. Just make sure that you don't order a Mojito at the outdoor bar because they can't make them there, and honestly that's just lame!
4	Fun club to party at, love the rooftop lounge area!
4	This place looks like what heaven might look like at night during a party.  I'm talking about the decoration, not the dirty dancing. The decoration is primarily white which looks bright in dim lighting. The Pussycat Dolls Lounge was connected to the club. The dance floor could be a bit bigger but it's still a really classy place. I went the night Jenny McCarthy was there. We got in for free because this guy paid the bouncer like $100 or something. However, if you were to wait in line, good luck because the line is actually just a group of people standing around. No organization at all. Gonna knock off half a star for that.Knocking off another half a star because the evil bouncer didn't let us take a picture with the Pure background behind us (you know those red carpet background things). I said, " Can we take a picture here?" He said, "No," then pointed to the exit. We weren't even in the way of anything. Ok dude, got your panties in a bunch?
3	PURE gets 3 stars mainly because I saw Paris Hilton and Nikki Hilton up close and personal when I was here.  My roommate and I came here because were staying in Caesar's Palace anyway and had gone out the night before so we wanted to stay near/at our hotel.  There was a huge line and a red carpet, and a nice back drop and we were like "what's going on?" So we got in line (right next to the red carpet, photographers, etc.), which went fast b/c we were 2 girls in tiny black dresses and hooker heels. While waiting in line we saw Paris Hilton's Mom (I don't even know her name) but that was cool!So we got in, got a couple drinks, walked around, went to the PCD lounge and watched the performers, etc.  After awhile we decided it wasn't that exciting and we were ready to go gamble instead. On our way out we got stopped by a bunch of (huge) security guards who started roping off the exit.  We just wanted to leave b/c there were some creepy old guys (young ones too...) and we just weren't feeling it, but then we heard we had to wait b/c Paris, Nicki and their crew were coming in.  We had the best position, right next to a body guard, right behind the rope.  If I wanted I could've touched Paris...but I didn't want to die that night so I refrained.  Anyway, that was the excitement of PURE for me, I may come back w/ a larger group but I wasn't as impressed as I was with other Vegas nightclubs.
3	NOTE: This review is from the perspective of a 42 year old who has yet to get old....in Vegas with a group of 30-40ish single & married GFs who love to dance!This was the second club we went to while in town. We got on the VIP list, so getting in was hassle-free (and free free). I don't think any of us would have been too happy to hang out in line for this place, so this was definitely a benefit. (We never did end up paying to get in any club...definitely a benefit of being female in LV!) It was packed and the only dance floor we ever visited was jammed. This is where my education started...Things have changed a bit since I was clubbing back in the 80's/90's. After dancing for awhile, I returned to our table and told my friend that she should not venture out on that dance floor unless she wanted to be f***** with her clothes on. Sorry to put it so bluntly, but there is no other way to put it...that's exactly what happens. Almost immediately after getting onto the dance floor, any single ladies are "claimed" (usually from behind so it pays to turn around regularly and see if you were just innocently nudged or you now "belonged" to someone) and the dirty dancing starts. I actually don't mind this as I'm not the conservative type and I have absolutely no problem being assertive...if this is not you though, beware. The music was awesome...great DJ. Smooth transitions and a great mix. Thankfully, we got their early enough (11 pm) to find a small table...no easy feat. It was the only reason all of us were able to keep track of each other. We kept returning to the same bartender because she didn't treat us like crap for actually using our free drink wristbands (Hint: Order beer...cuz the free well drinks seem to be purposely made to taste awful so you will happily pay a ransom for a decent drink). She even gave us multiple bottled waters the entire night...pretty exceptional as I honestly don't remember if we remembered to even tip her. Oops... :(Overall, the crowd was a bit young - mostly in their mid-20's (only newly acquainted with a razor). Thankfully, no one realized that we could have been their mothers...I guess our young hearts (and the low lighting) knocked off at least 10 years.
5	WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW!!! Sorry guys just had to get that one out! I mean... you know you are having a good time when you are in VEGAS but WOOOOOOOOOOWWWW!! This place is nothing short of an amazing time, time and time again!! Ceasar's Palace knows what to do when it comes to parties! Upon arrival to vegas i looked up our concierge and gave them a quick minute call to ask them to put us on the Guest List! It took no time and we were set! This saved us the wait in a ridiculous line that looks longre and longer every time i go back there! This place has three different areas to dance in the White Room inside, a Red Room/The Pussy Cat Doll Lounge, and the Outdoor Balcony overlooking the Las Vegas strip! This is the place to be if you want the full VEGAS experience!! What more can you imagine than partying rooftop overlooking the Vegas Strip... seeing the water show at the Bellagio going off in the distance.... the Paris right across the way! The view is simply breathtaking and magnificent! The pussycat doll show is a plus if you arrive before 11:30 (when the show starts) SOOOOO worth it! These girls will knock your socks/heels off! In my next life... i want to be a pussycat doll ;)This is a must go if you are in Vegas save this place for one of your nights! WELL WORTH IT!!
3	Kind of shocked that Pure used to be considered the "hot" "it" nightclub. It was very average at best..and MUCH smaller than it appears from the outside!The dance area and tables are split pretty much in the middle of the room and there's like an upper level further into the club that has a few more tables. The music is top 40..and the people vary. It was mostly young people though in 20's & 30's when I went. Took about 2 minutes to get in..very quick.
4	PURE still has to be my favorite of all the Vegas clubs, as it is the only one I've been kinda pumped to go back to and also the only one I would go back to again. That said, the dance floor is crowded as hell, the bar is crowded as hell, and the crowd is such an odd mixture of attractive young people and rich old people that I really don't know how to absorb the whole situation. The bartender that was working my tab made one hell of a Jim and diet, which made the $9 price tag a lot easier to swallow (seriously, it was strong - the strongest I've had since flirting with every single bartender in Santa Monica and getting drinks worthy of my efforts).The greatest part of PURE is obviously the Pussycat Doll Lounge. God damn those girls know what they're doing, and if you don't believe me ask any of the other guys or girls that had their mouths open and drooling for the entire show. That's right - both guys AND girls were gawking together, the most definitive sign of a steamy hot show. Feel free to try the other clubs in Vegas too, but don't miss out on one that is certain to be a great time - assuming you don't mind the cluster-eff of people, that is.
4	This was my second visit to PURE and my husband always wanted to go since he saw it in that movie Redline.  So I finally gave in and we did bottle service on the rooftop.  Our waitress was very nice and attentive,as were the bouncers.  Sometime that night our bottle got stolen from our group and they gladly replaced it!  I like the patio because you can actually have a conversation without screaming and the view is amazing.  They have heaters  and gas fire pits so it's not too chilly.  The dance floor is super crowded!  You may think that you are an expert at preserving your alcoholic beverage while dancing, but WARNING don't even try it!  It will end up in your hair, down your arm, on your dress, down to your new lovely shoes....
3	What's all the hype about this club?  I've been to better clubs in Hollywood.  The drinks are too expensive.  $17 for a Henny shot?? Come one man, give me a break.  The crowd was half ghetto half decent.  Music was the only thing that was good.
3	3 Stars.This place is big and I dig the decor.  It was cold so we did not go outside but there is an upstairs balcony area which apparently is pretty neat when the weather is appropriate.  There were two rooms with two different DJs.  One was just hip hop and the other was a top 40 type.  I actually thought the DJ in the top 40 (main room) was terrible...the guy had trouble beat matching playing top 40 stuff...lame.  Given that its Vegas and that it was New Years Day (not eve, but still) I would expect that some of the areas best DJs would be at most of these Vegas clubs.  Maybe he was just having a bad night.I must say, in most clubs the staff/bouncers are rude as hell but they were quite nice here.  The cover charge if your a normal dude is $40 on the weekends and $20 for ladies.  STEEP!  Especially when that allows you to buy $10 beers at the bar.  I was not going to pay $60 to get me and my girl in.  The bouncer let my girl in for free and I just paid the $40 so for two people $20 a pop if you don't "know anyone" is normal Vegas club pricing I suppose   I dont think I would go back unless I was staying at Ceaser's, not because it was a negative experience but I just think I would want to try a new club.
5	Came on a Tuesday, which is locals night I think. Got passes off of the strip from a promoter, who was might peeved when I refused to pay for them, but I knew not to pay since the club hands them out for free. The line took about 20 mins and we got there at 1030 when it opened. All the staff were friendly and made getting in a breeze. No hidden charges or bullshit like at Prive the night before. A Jack and coke was a very reasonable $10. All in all this place was clean, professional and ready to please. I should know since I run security at a nightclub. I'd totally recommend calling ahead for guestlist and grabbing some VIP passes if  you can. You also might wanna grab a group of friends and get the bottle     service. PURE is my new favorite club and I'd consider myself a Vegas vet. Cheers!!
1	Never again. We were in Vegas for a Bachelorette party, 8 girls - and we weren't the annoying group that wears the matching shirts. I called about 2 weeks before and reserved a table with bottle service. At 1st I was told for 8 people you have to buy 2 bottles @ $400 a pop. Eek. Then just before hanging up the girl asked how many guys were in our party and when I told her none she said "oh, ok it'll just be a minimum of 1 bottle then @ $400". How sad, guys get screwed in Vegas..in more ways that one. Heh. We hoof it over to Caesar's around 10pm and find the craziest line situation ever known to man. I will admit I was already a few cocktails in but I can't imagine how anyone was able to find the right line to be in. But no worries for us right...we already reserved a table, we have all girls and are paying $400 - we should just breeze right in.... NOT. I fight my way through the crowd surrounding a doorman holding a clipboard, not even a line just a mob. I tell him my name, he pretends to look closely at each name for a minute or so. Then tells me our table was sold to someone else. WTF. I stand there trying to figure out what he was going to do for us while elbowing the masses trying to get my place in "line". He asks me how many in our party, I tell him 8 and he talks into his little earpiece. I continue to stand right in front of him for 10-15 minutes holding my ground (grr). He finally says "ok, it's going to be $20 each, but no table". I get the ok from all my girls and he opens the rope for us. We walk through the maze of people and "lines" and find ourselves in the main dance room -- we didn't pass anyone collecting $$ and no one said anything so we figured we just got in for free somehow and bolted into the crowd before anyone noticed. Heh. The actual club: Pretty decor...bla bla bla. EXTREMELY overcrowed. The main dance floor was packed and we just stood there bouncing to the music, dancing isn't really possible. All the bars were 5-6 people deep, we were already 3 sheets to the wind before coming so we saved $$ on that front. We went to the PCD lounge entrance only to find a bouncer only letting handpicked people in. Being our sneaky selves we stood there for a few minutes and a drunk girl inside got up on one the poles...apparently a no-no and the bouncer left his post to go bring her down. So we all ran in all lickity-split. In your face PURE. The lounge was cool, very small but cool. One of the girls came over to us and sang with our bachelorette. Our group got split up during a bathroom break and while we were walking through the maze of halls a guy stopped us and invited us up to his VIP table on the roof. So 4 of us went up there which was very cool. Not crowed and a great view of the strip. They wouldn't let us bring the rest of our group up so we left but I recommend everyone heading up there if they can. I will never go here again and am happy we ended up getting in for free or outsmarting the system - however it happened.
4	I'm giving this 4 stars because I just had wayy too much fun that night I went.I went here on a Sunday night a few years ago.  Since it was a Sunday night, i have to admit that it wasn't so packed, but there was still a good amount of people.I dig what they've done to the place.   The interior's pretty sweet with all the white curtains and seating areas.Music was great, Drinks' were great too.  I can't bag on this place, it provided me with one of my most memorable Vegas nights ever.
3	I feel SOO mixed about this place. The first time I went, I did get super smashed, but that was because we got invited to a Bachelor Party, hence free drinks and I got my drank on. But all in all, I wasn't digging the small dance floor for hip-hop room. The music wasn't all that great either. I felt like you could experience more. Upstairs I actually did enjoy cause I'm a big fan of house/trance but NO ONE WAS DANCING. Lame.The second time I went, whoever the DJ was that night, was AMAZING. I went on a Tuesday so I think that's why I liked it more cause we had more room to dance and I don't know, the crowd seemed better.It's a hit and miss with this place.
4	i've been to this club 2 times and the first time i really enjoyed it because it was really packed and they opened up the entire roof top and had great music. the second time i went which was on a tuesday, (supposedly a really good night) wasn't too packed but i guess being too packed isn't all that fun anyway.i think there are 3 rooms, 2 on the bottom floor and 1 upstairs level which is on the rooftop and has a pretty cute view. the first time i went they were playing house upstairs but the mash up was kinda lame. i'm a really big fan of house and there were a lot of people dancing but i wasn't feeling the vibe of the music. it was like a mash up of latin/salsa and house. downstairs was really packed both times and they played the hottest hip hop songs which is always pretty nice but god damn it's so packed! i seriously can't possibly get through without feeling groped on (intentionally or not i dunno).overall, i am a fan of this place and i'd probably come back only on a busy night though
4	This is an amazing nightclub! We got amazing sericve the whole time and had a great time dancing. The music was wonderful. All in all a really fun nice club!
4	This place was awesome!  The crowd is nice, the staff is too.  The indoor area is nice and I love the breezy VIP area.  The outdoor area is cute too, nice and loungy.The drinks were so so, you have to find the right bartender. Music wasn't bad, a good mix.
4	The fact that there were four of us and I bought a round of drinks and it came to $89 (yes-she got the whole $100) tells me I must have been having a good time.  Jager, Hypnotic and Patron were flowing freely all around me.  I might have been the only person not on E but in spite of it I was still digging the bass.  It took me a few days to fully recover and I still might be deaf in one ear.  Good mix of ages and everyone there seemed interested in having a good time.  The only negative was no restrooms on the entry floor.  Having to go out in the casino and then past the club's version of the TSA except much bigger dudes and they were accepting tips was quite annoying.  I highly recommend biting the bullet and getting bottle and table service.
3	last night was my second time going to PURE. The atmosphere is nice, people want to mingle with each other.I went as a group of 20 people and reserved a table. I thought for the amount of money we paid was way too over for only getting a table inside the club.We saw Dog the bounty hunter and LL Cool J, he gave a short concert which was awesome.Watch out if you go as a group and want the VIP treatment, the bill went from $1900 going in, to $2700 after we factored in the upgraded bottles we wanted.
1	The WORST possible nightclub experience in Las Vegas. A few weeks ago myself and a few friends went to PURE nightclub. We requested bottle service and because there was four of us they required us to purchase two bottles for the group. I quickly agreed and got our bottles. About one hour later after drinking (and giving away) most of our bottles we decided to check out another nightclub. We asked for the check so we could settle up. When it came we where shocked, the waitress had added five bottles instead of two. At the time I assumed it was a simple mistake and when I brought it to her attention she said she would be right back. Again I assumed she would return with a corrected check, but instead she returned with a manger/bouncer who demanded I sign the check or they would keep my credit card and ID. I refused to sign so they escorted me out of the club without my credit card or ID. Once outside I quickly called my credit card company and explained the situation, they told me to go ahead and sign so I could get my card and ID back and they would not process the charges. That was the closest I have ever come to being extorted and it wasn't a good feeling. I would have expected more from a nightclub in Caesars Palace where I always receive top notch service. PURE is without a doubt a black mark on their quality reputation.
3	Well, I think I established rather quickly that I am not the Vegas kind of gal.  I went with a friend who has connections, so we skipped the line and cover.  I wasn't wearing heels because I have a pinched nerve in my back, and the bouncer almost didn't let me in (I was wearing cute flats).For such a "great view" of the strip, I expected more- or for it to be at least be a bit higher.  It was just like-- oh hai! bright lights!  The dance floor was so packed you could barely move, and drinks were very expensive ($8/bottle of bug light).  Basically you're going to have people you don't know touching you at all times unless you pony up for a table.  Should you choose to go, do your wallet a favor and buy a few bottles of liquor at the CVS just north of the circus (~13 for smirnoff) and have a damn good buzz going before you get there.
3	The first time i went there i had a BLAST.. What I would recommend you do is go talk to the people who stand at the door during the day and see about getting on their g-list. especially if you have guys with you. since the girls USUALLY get in for free. The club is a decent size. nice white big couches for the VIP area. the upstairs area (which i discovered on my second visit) is pretty nice too if you need some air after being on the dance floor for a few hours. The only negative thing i found was if you needed to sit down, there was no where to sit. I like to sit on the back of the VIP couches to rest my feet. but the bouncers will come around every now and then and tell you to get off... BlahI think when i went the Cover was $30 each for the two guys i went with. but we did the guest list sooo i don't know if that had anything to do with it.I haven't been to all the clubs is Vegas but I pick this club as a default if things change cause i know i will have a pretty good time.
4	Pure is one of the better nightclubs in Las Vegas. The staff are very friendly and did their best to get me and my my guest in. We got in promptly and were able to walk around freely between the three ground areas that this club has to offer. The Pussy Cat Dolls lounge seemed kind of boring with no live Dj until i realized that there was a show that the PCD girls put on their nightly. A group of girls take the stage with a sexy burlesque type show sure to drop jaws and pop eyes as they prance around in stripper fashion. They do keep their clothes on however so girlfriends this is couples friendly. The best part of it all? It's one of the best FREE shows Vegas has to offer.The main dance floor is nothing to sneeze at either with great dj's playing great music and an amazing looking atmosphere. the dance floor is filled with smoke and the lighting system lights up the floor. This club is a great place to visit while in Las Vegas
3	The dance floor here is surprisingly small, and one dance floor is pretty much all this place has. The upstairs patio is a nice place to grab a breath of fresh air and a view of the strip. I don't mind coming here but there's just really nothing special about it at all. The people who work here are pleasant, though, it's usually not too crowded.
5	Really enjoyed myself when I was here! Went the day after New Years Eve to see Will. I. Am djing, Apl, Skittles (from One Tree Hill), and my friend saw P Diddy! I took a sick video with my camera of Will. I. Am singing "I Gotta Feeling"--the best!They were passing out no cover admission cards for this all over Vegas. And if you stay in the all girls line you will be waiting less than 2 min. to get in (perks of being female...and yes we deserve it)! Now, the normal line was HUGE, basically almost reaching the entrance of the hotel, so make sure you are on the guestlist. My 3-4 guy friends were on the guestlist but still had to wait (prob. like 30 min.) they choose to pay the bouncer $100 to get them in with no wait; just a suggestion.There is a coat check-in of 5 bucks, and make sure you don't lose your ticket like my friend did. Area is pretty nice inside. It's Vegas so the crowd is a mix. Overall, a great nightclub to hit up when your in Vegas!
2	This club is tiny and hard to walk around... the dance floor is small and people spill drinks all over the place.  The drinks get more expensive as the night goes on... that truly sucks!
3	Thought this place was average... certainly didn't live up to the hype.We were there on a Thurs night so maybe that's what was up. Still, other places we went that night were jumping and had good parties going.We weren't intending on coming here but we were dragged by 6 or so 40+ ladies who were a lot of fun and seemed intent on having their fill of us mid20s english chaps. We played along and got in free with them. Bonus. The crowd seemed a little lacklustre, there was no line to speak of, and the drinks seemed expensive for what you got.That said, the music was right on and the actual place is very nice to look at, if not a little small.I'll be recommending other places in Vegas before this...
5	Great DJ, the server we had upstairs at our booth was the nicest gal, amazing view of the strip, and great drinks. Hats off to Pure and to one of the best times I've had in Vegas.
2	Like the other person said....Pure Crap....The music wasn't that great. It was packed and if your in heels forget about a place sit down. Over priced drinks that we not strong. we left before it even hit midnight and hit up another club. I'm glad we got  in for free. I wouldn't pay to go in that club again.
4	Pretty expensive but an amazing place to party in Vegas. We went on Carmine Electras birthday and the place was poppin off!! Pussy Cat Dolls room was pretty tight and the balcony was amazing!!
4	I ALWAYS have fun at PURE. Let's hope I don't jinx myself.Fast lines.No cover (if you're a decently dressed and groomed girl, with no guys).Open dance floor.Awesome Saturday night DJ.Strong drinks.Fun, interesting, and attractive (for the most part) crowd.Thank God for PURE. It is my go-to spot in Vegas at 2 am when we're in the home stretch to Drais and Victorian Room. I will visit as long as the drinks are strong and the DJ is poppin'!
4	We went on a Tues night...and it was pretty packed!  We all had fun, and it had a great view, big enough dance floor.  XS was much bigger, but on a Tuesday night, I can't complain!  Also, we got in for free....so that just makes it so much better!
4	I was surprised by this place. I AM NOT a club person and so I was a little hesitant to go. But hey, I was with a Bachlorette group and it's always fun to dance with the girls! When we approached the club we almost turned back around at the site of the long line! The bouncer quickly escorted us around the line and we walked right in! whooo hooo!!! Pays to be a girl! ;) We did a couple of laps to check things out and found a little space not so packed and hung out. I liked that earlier in the night (around 12-1) I was still able to move around because when it gets shoulder to shoulder that's when I'm outta there. It took about 10 minutes inside before some dude offered me coke...no thanks.Outside patio was fun for a bit until it started raining. The heat lamps up there were on full blast and it wasn't that cold so it actually was too hot outside. I would have enjoyed a little coolness and escape from the body-heat induced humidity inside. Not sure on the drink prices, I got my drinks bought all night! People kept spilling my beer though...boo. Overall ok, I'll go back with the girls anytime.
3	Not my favorite club in Vegas but I had a good time here. We had bottle service outside up top. Nice view from there, our bouncer was nice, and the service was really good. If i was rating just this part of the club i'd give 5 stars. What I wasn't feeling was the inside of the club. Not sure what it's like every night but when we were there on a Saturday night the music was techno the entire time. I need more variety.
3	we waited like FOREVER! but hey it was a saturday so i guess it's ok? our eyes feasted on those pussycat doll dancers at the casino, getting drinks at the bar while taking turns in the line, my other friends taking pictures to fill in the boredom.... once we got in... well, what can i say? it's VEGAS, GREAT party, good looking people (or should i say hot guys! haha)...and this place has a rooftop bar (which i love). if you're into drinks, go to the rooftop if you want a little bit of air and space because the club is packed. if you're in to the whole dance scene... uhhh... you can barely move (like tuna in a can)...seriously.  i had fun though. 'coz i was with good friends and co-workers.p.s. i heard Outkast played in there. where the hell was I ????!!!!
5	Stopped in last Tuesday for the first time in a couple months. Pure still has it, going strong after so many years. I love the patio in the summer.
4	I know I've been here at least once and had a good time... Damn Vegas!!
2	I've been here once back in 2005-ish.  Back then I didn't have all my Vegas friends and hook ups so I had to wait in line...for 3 hours.  Yes, I waited in line for 3 hours!  And still paid a $30 cover.  The decor is nice and the club is huge with 3 rooms.  There are celebrities there.  I saw Nikki Hilton and Fergie the night I was there.  I liked the music, hip hop, top 40, 80s rock, typical Vegas-club songs.  The crowd was mixed, mostly people in their 20s and early 30s, all ethnicities.  My gripes about the place is that it's crazy packed.  I swear it's a fire hazard.  You can't even walk without being jostled to death.  And good luck getting a drink.  The bar is so packed, the bartender will never see you.This is by far, not my favorite club in Vegas.  I think it's over-rated but if you've never been before, by all means, check it out.  I wouldn't go here again unless I was getting comp'ed.
5	This is a five star review only for the outside section of Pure overlooking the strip. We were lucky enough to be at the bottle tables with a velvet rope protecting us from the masses and what a location this place is. The best view while drinking in Vegas, i loved it. I didn't spend anytime inside so can't review Pure from that POV.
5	I love PURE night club!  It is the best club in LAs Vegas and the largest one I have seen.  The crowd is always amazing and I always have fun here.  The only downside is the drinks start at around $13 but that is most clubs in Vegas you cant get away from this.  I would definitely recommend this club to anyone that comes to Vegas!
4	I've had great experiences with Pure.  No long line, they usually let us in pretty quickly, the staff is nice and the drinks are not that bad.  Been able to get in without having to pay a huge amount, either with a pass or they just let us in.Came once on a Thursday, the dance floor downstairs wasn't open but the roof deck was open, more of a chill rather than a party place.I've also been here on a Fri/Sat where the dancefloor downstairs is open.  The dance floor is kind of tiny and the music is alright.Pure is def. one of my places to go to when I'm in Vegas.
5	Nice view of the strip. We had table service here on a Thursday night and it was fairly dead, but I had a great time and enjoyed the time with my friends.
5	random vegas trip to just get out of the bay area for a weekend- blurry intoxicated buffet filled blast ... im wasted w a bunch of girls and we decide to go here, altho it was 330 am it was still on and crackin..was able to get in in a jiffy...people are so funny with their whiney posts about how the dance floor sucks.alot of dance floors suck.do the math its vegas ....nice door guys except one tried to charge me to get in. i laughed.. hunnie dont hustle meee please ima girl and not stupid.his nicer homeboy bouncer guy let me right in..its pretty big and nice.ya its packed but go to hallways or outside..less crowded.had some creepster try and kidnap me w his supposid limo waiting for us hahahah vegas mannnnn , peolpe are hilarious
5	I had the BEST time at Pure! First of all, if you want to get into any club make sure you look classy. Sencond, only get V.I.P passes from club promoters near the vicinity of the club, DON'T PAY FOR A PASS.Third, if you don't get in with the pass it's probably because you got a fake one, you are dressed terrible, or you are gross.My friend and I weren't even inside the Ceaser's palace for more than 10 seconds and we were offered a V.I.P pass from one of the club promoters. We got into Pure with no wait and no problem. When we got in it turned out to be a special event and the club was promoting the new Hennessey Black. We got free drinks the whole night and we got seriously CRUNK. The atmosphere was awesome, the drinks were great, and music was bumpin'! I had a blast! The people inside were all beautiful and I had the best time! If you are a girl and you want to be in a classy club Pure is the place to be!
3	PURE was better than some of the clubs in Vegas, but it's still small. I waited in line to get in and hoping to see the Pussy Cat Dolls performance, but it turns out that they no longer had that available! BOO. If anyone knows which club the PCD is going to be, let me know. After we danced and drank, we decided to explore and go upstairs. By then it was open, so my friends and I walked upstairs to see what the fuss is all about. It turns out, it leads to the rooftop which had a spectacular view of the strip. That was great, but not as good as TAO.
1	This club was ridiculous! Maybe it was because I came here on a Tuesday night, but it was such a waste of time coming here. My friends and I came here for my friend's birthday but it wasn't even crowded. The crowd was much older and we weren't even allowed to go upstairs! We stayed for like 10 minutes and left. I might consider coming back again..
4	I really, really liked Pure. I love the atmosphere and the all white (duh - Pure) theme. It was a little too too packed for my taste (XS packed their house more smartly, being less crowded). My favorite part though that made me like Pure better than XS was the music. THE PERFECT kind of dance music that made me want to dance all night long. Seriously. But... huge downer, omg it was so loud! My ears were ringing for the next 2 - 3 days... are you kidding me?? That's a frequency that is forever lost, sadness.Also, outside there were promoters that gave us wristbands for a free drink (SCORE!) and entry was easy peasy. Just showed our wristbands, got in, got our drinks and had one great night!
4	I went there for my second times this past week and had another fabulous experience!  Got in free with the luck of the VIP Passes (as annoying as you may think they are or that they are trying to rip you off, when you are in Vegas go to the guys holding up cards for clubs.  Get the cards for the clubs you want access to and just slip them $5! They really do work!!)  The line wasn't as long this time so that was a plus!  There were 2 girls and 3 guys and we got right in with our passes.  Yes Pure is super crowded but what else would you expect?  The bottle service is way too expensive!  $500 just for one bottle!  There is no where to lounge around and sit unless you get Bottle Service.  That's the only negative I have.  The music is fantastic and we all had a great time!
3	Oh boy. What to say about Pure.....Well, we went on a Tuesday night, and as we always do, made sure we were on the guest list. We didn't have passes to reduce cover, but as soon as we got out of our cab and were walking in the door, a promoter stopped us and handed us a few. I was also informed by the promoter outside that ladies drank free champagne until midnight. Cool! It was still only about 10 pm, so we gambled & pre-gamed with a few cocktails. When we lined up around 10:30 as the promoter had told us to, the bouncer at the door checked our IDs almost right away, and he informed us that they were just letting in a few tables right at the moment and that they would be letting in guest list in just a few minutes. They did as promised and we paid no cover! Can't beat that!Well, I drank wayyy too much free champagne that night to remember much of it clearly, but I DO remember the bouncers kept telling us where we could and could not stand. This pissed us off a little - I've never been told that it's not OK to stand some where that's out of the way in a place that's WAY too overcrowded.. By the time they opened up the upstairs outdoor part of the club, we went up there and found it to be a little more spacey & comfortable. After we spent a little while up there, we migrated back down stairs to get on the dance floor! Well, I understand crowded in a club, and I like it to be as such, but this was beyond my comfort level. I was elbowed or knocked in to so much, that I'm sure entire beers were spilled alllll over me. It was not very fun at all. After dealing with that, we decided to take off around 1 am since we had an early flight to catch, and I had the worst hangover of my life on that plane...And we didn't go in to the Pussycat Doll lounge, but I should have. Maybe I would have a better opinion of this place if I had done that. Overall, good place to be, just wish it wasn't packed like a can of sardines. And beware of that free champagne - you'll feel it the next day!
4	I like Pure they have good music, good atmosphere and you might luck out and see some celebrities. When i went I got to see the Pussycat Dolls & Britney Spears....yup Britney Spears! I dont follow celebrities but that was the hype when i went. Going back to the club... The drinks are like every other nightclub in Vegas, pricey. We lucked out because we started talking to the bar tender and as the night went on he kept making our drinks stronger...something you never see in Vegas. I liked their patio on the rooftop it was nice to go outside and get some fresh air. Overall I had a lot of fun!! I would definitely go back!!
3	Pure is on a ton of 'best of' type lists. It's well known. It's got a pretty good lay out. It's not that hard to get in on some type of list. I love the outside cabana loungey areas. It's kind of like a 'good on paper' type of guys. It's got all the stats that make you think it's a hot club, but it's just missing something and kind of blah. I've been a few times and every time we're there, have a drink dance a bit and are over it and ready to move to the next club. If you don't have a table I'd say don't even bother because it kinda sucks without bottle service or a table area. Last time I went strongly against my will and was reminded by my husband I was being a brat and none of our friends had been to pure yet and we were on the list so we wouldn't have to wait or pay so why not just go. fiiine, i put my vegas diva (who only really comes out when attending swanky events, or going out like really not going out, not going out SF style because clubs in SF are lame so even though I do act diva-ish and above them I know what the expect so I can't be too over 'em) in check and went in and tried to get in the grove. Well after about 20 minutes everyone was done and we were about to leave when who came out to serende us? LL Cool J himself, and boy do me and my lady love him. So, we were luckily right in front of the VIP area where he did an impromptu performance of his old super fun stuff so that cheered us all up. We left happy we went, happy we saw LLCoolJ and happy we were leaving. Will I be back? Eh, maybe if i have no other options. Would I ever pick Pure over say, Vanity, XS or Rain? No way.
2	With all the night clubs available in Veags....Do NOT come here. Terrible, terrible service. Small venue with very little non-VIP room to dance and just overall very disappointing....NEXT!
2	I went for the Ludacris appearance/concert, and I honestly thought I'd have a better time. I found myself stuck in the crazy mosh front row...and though I have fantastic pictures up in Luda's face...I don't think being felt up on by creeper guys was a fair exchange. The club was alright....I felt really at home on the roof though...FRESH AIR!
4	It is a little hard for me to review a place like Pure because it is not really my scene but I have been to enough of the Vegas clubs to at least be able to compare a little.  I like it better than Tao which is at the Venetian even though I like a the Venetian better as a hotel.The outdoor patio overlooking the strip is a great feature of Pure and it is nice to get some fresh air.  It can definitely get crowded and hard to move around which is not really my thing but that is what clubs are all about.  It is also nice that the line to get in in case you have to wait is inside Caesers and not as much in the odd cattle call type fashion as Tao.I think there are definitely more fun places to hang out in terms of bars and restaurants in Vegas but if you are into the club scene, I would say Pure is one of the better ones.
3	OK. I am big on the new york night life, but I have to admit I was super excited for vegas. Disappointed with all the clubs I went to, Pure being one of them. My bf and I waited 2 hours to get in and it was really nicely decorated, but SO PACKED. i understand most night clubs are crowded, but PURE's problem is the narrow hallways to different rooms, which make it feel even stuffier. The view from the terrace is great , but its almost all VIP. and the music was all old school rap. I am a big techno fan and couldnt find anyone playing techno ANYWHERE in vegas, idk what the deal was. My advice, is go with a large group and spring for bottle service, it is the ONLY way you will enjoy yourself.
4	Lets see.  First off, my experience is slightly swayed due to VIP entrance with no cover for my wife and myself.  We had dinner at RAO and the kind waiter had told us he knew someone there and we got hooked up.  Well,  nice looking club for sure.  Especially the view from the 2nd story.  Beautiful!!!  The only problem about the 2nd floor is that all of the seating was blocked off/reserved.  Downstairs was pretty cool.  My wife loves to dance and we were able to do so, but way too many dudes passing by on the dance floor.  I hate those dudes who do that hoping to find some drunk, unsuspecting female to get behind and pretend that they are dancing with them.  Getting drinks was pretty easy.  DJ's music was not nearly as good as the DJ at LAX inside of Luxor.  Too upbeat for my wife and I.  We like to chill to mostly hip-hop and this dj was playing mostly faster paced stuff. Had I had to pay for cover and wait in line, i probably would've only gone 3 stars.  Having Gaslamp here in San Diego makes it tough on all others to try to compete.
4	Let's just say it was a B*tch trying to get in even being on VIP list but what can I expect I went on Memorial Weekend so it's expected.  Now I know why people were pushing to get in... they didn't want to miss the main event live show with Shaggy... I didn't realize that until I was stuck cornered somewhere in the dancefloor and I'm like boy that sounds like Shaggy and some guy says cuz it is!!! DUH... my cognac was really kickin in!  Overall the experiece was great once you move yourself to the top floor... its pretty decked out with the elevator...  4 floors... they had the fire pits loungy seating and tables in the top patio... and had two more bars to serve you on each end... it was a spectacular wrap aound patio with a nice view of the strip!  I was suppose to go to TAO...but glad I chose to come to PURE instead...
2	Note: This part of my review I wrote while drunk after a party. Any misspellings are unintentional."$2300 of bottles and they won't spare one bottle of water for me.  That's how awesome this bar is. They gave me a table but when I requested ONE bottle of water, they refused. I just spent $2300 for bottles. I challenge the owners of this establishment to prove I did otherwise. No  challenges to our guests beyond our WATER REQUEST.  And guest what? Saturday night, our requests were futile. They did comp me ONE bottle of discounted sky after I bought Grey Goose. Nothing more.  All I wanted was WATER to quench my peers' thirst but such was unavoidable. it is 3AM AM now I have learned have learned what our peers have learned.  This bar is just plained selfish and reasonded."Okay. Yes, I trailed off at the end cause I was just annoyed. I went back and checked. We spent more than $2300. We got in through the VIP line but they didn't give us a decent booth, so we got a lot of funky foot traffic. Although we did have a huge bouncer dude who shooed away some DB hitting on some of our women. That was classic.But I have this problem at so many bars and clubs. I just spent $2500 for a huge party. Why can you simply not give me ONE bottle of water, so I can quench my thirst and maybe that of one of my friends? You could have an immensely positive review right now and instead, you have a negative one. Sad, but that's what happens when businesses don't care.Other than this issue, our hostess was pretty good, bouncer was awesome, and the views from the roof were fantastic. But the whole thing got soured by that ridiculously trivial issue which didn't have to be such a hoopla.
3	After waiting through the tumultuous crowds in the VIP line, I finally got into this prized Caesar's Palace establishment and was impressed. There was an extensive bottle service area, lots of beautiful people, and a crowded dance floor. The reason this place received only 3 stars was because 1) a normal coke should NOT cost 15 dollars, and 2) I had gotten a bottle, taken it out of the area, and they took it away from my friend rudely. Other than that, this club is popping. Go check it out.
3	Free entry and free round of shots plus an open bar for well drinks...it's a deal! (that's if you roll with lady-friends) Very nice venue but went here on a Tuesday night and wasn't that exciting because all the wallflowers weren't dancing. Might've liked it better on a weekend.
1	Had my worst Vegas night club experience here ever and I've done a lot of Vegas!  Pure has the worst service and downright scams people here.  We had a group of 20 and they pulled a bait and switch trying to practically extort a thousand bucks from us.  Stay as far away from pure as you can!
3	We had a great time here this trip to Vegas.  To me...a club is a club is a club.  There is really not a lot that separates PURE from any other club.  We had a table and bottle service, so that made it more fun!  I feel like we were sort of treated like 12 year old when our "Security Guy" Dre ran down the rules for us.  We are all 30+ and we know how to act in a club...but I guess some people don't and it's necessary to give them rules!  Our waitress was not that attentive.  Security at this club sort of leaves a little to be desired!  One guy even insulted my friend's hair and called her old.  REALLY?!  Once you get past the security that thinks their sh*t doesn't stink and you get a few cocktails in you....the place is fun!  But who doesn't have fun with their friends, at a club, in Vegas?!  NO ONE!
4	I was able to get myself and a few friends past the line in only a few minutes through a host for a few bucks less than if we were to pay them at the door. I had put everyone on the guest list as a back up, but it wasn't necessary. I love being able to see the inside before the dance floor gets packed. There wasn't any rush to get on it, although the club opened a bit later than usual. As the night progressed, I quickly lost track of how many libations I ingested after constantly heading back and forth to the bar. I have a pretty good feeling it was around 4. Compared to the last time I was here, the music was pretty darn good, and I made sure to go upstairs to take in the view from the Terrace area. I cut things a little short due to unforeseen circumstances, but it was still a fun night.
3	danceclub with multiple rooms.  definitely a different feel in each. the outside area is really nice and chill.  i enjoyed hanging out there to catch some fresh air after a night of dancing.  i had a good time dancing the night away.  word of caution though, i got pickpocketed on the dance floor. no lie! i was enjoying myself and was not keeping an eye out on my shoulder bag, which was dangling on my side.  someone reached into my purse, opened my wallet and took $80.  it was packed that night so i definitely bumping into people, which is why i didn't even realize someone had opened my purse. STUPID ME!  either way, anywhere you are, be aware of your surroundings.
3	Club is just OK.  Not very big, always cramped on the dance floor.  People are not as attractive as say XS.
4	I have to be honest.... I have only been here once and I was SUPER drunk. On top of that, my friend somehow was able to get us in VIP and had out own table full of all you can drink beverages galore. Therefore, my opinion of this place may be totally altered than the average experience. I see crazy lines to go into this place, so I'm sure that part is irritating. Because it was in a secluded private area, I didn't have to deal with any annoying people or situations so I had a blast. Place was beautiful, nice atmosphere. Only thing is the music. Music was lame.... lots of generic and not even good music. Mostly, like mash ups with Rock and Hip Hop. And that shit does not get me bumping my head or hips swaying. SO.... if they got a new DJ and gave me permanent access to VIP livin' I'd take it!
3	So. the reason for 3 stars is because its overall 3 stars from 2 nights of experience at PURE. The first night I went to Pure was when I first got to Las Vegas, staying at Caesars Palace. It was convenient for all of us to just go to PURE because it was just down the elevator. It only took us about 10 minutes to get inside because we were all a group of girls in short skimp dresses to be honest. The night went well the venue is huge with different bars/floors. The first night had an overall rate of 4 stars.The last night we were in vegas, we ended up going to PURE just to pre-party. This old guy told the bouncers that we were with him and not paying attention we just went along with it. We ended up leaving because we wanted to go elsewhere and all of a sudden the old guy cusses at us asking why we were leaving because we got in for free.. The funny thing is that we were going to get in for free anyways because we had passes. He told us he was the VP of sales of PURE and we just walked off. That clearly was unprofessional and we left Vegas with a damper outlook on PURE now...
5	This place was fantastic. We went for my cousins' 21st birthday on the 8th and had a table. The service was AMAZING, the staff was friendly and our bouncer Bruce totally had our back. The music was great and the view from our rooftop table was insaine. I had a great time here. We went to another club the night after and it could not compare to the 5 star treatment we got at PURE. if you want to have fun in a beautiful club I recomend this place over every other club in vegas!
4	Vegas nightlife can be unpredictable-- you never know what could happen on any given night. Thus, it's good to have Pure to rely on when times get tough, because Pure is always a good time. The bouncers appreciate girls; no wait, no cover. I love the decor and how spacious the place is. Although the main dance floor and its surrounding bars do get very crowded, you can find a place to stand.  The surrounding rooms are a bit quieter if you need to get away. The upstais area is such a nice touch. Pretty decor and view, nice breeze. The music is really good, last time I went they played my favorite European house hits that I didn't know anyone even knew about in US. The only thing that I would change about this place is to add more ventilation to the main dance floor.
3	Giving it just 3 stars since I feel like the place is a bit small. I've only been once and I did enjoy it. You can go upstairs where they play house music, but it's not really for dancing, more VIP/chilling. Although you're not up that high, the view is kinda nice.
4	Pure was without a doubt the best club experience I've had. We went to several different clubs, but Pure was the one we got to and wanted to stay at.We bought a club package that got us in VIP with no lines, so I can't comment on the wait period or anything.Drinks were expensive, so if you're not getting bottle service I recommend pregaming hard so you don't have to deal with the crowded bars.The music was great. They played mainly Top 40 and threw in some Nirvana and Journey. It was AWESOME. The DJ played songs long enough to enjoy them, but short enough to keep everything fresh.The upstairs was nice, but of course hot as hell. We mainly stayed downstairs. The upstairs was the only place with the bathrooms, but when we got there we hung around for a little while. It was great.The scene of people is random. We went on a Saturday night in the middle of July. Expect hot chicks, random old rich dudes, and everything in between. Saw a couple guidos, and some GIANT man stepped on and broke my toe which completely ruined my night. Overall if you're looking to dance and enjoy yourself, PURE is the place to be.
3	Ok, this place would have gotten 4 stars from me, but we waited THREE HOURS to get in.  I take partial blame because the girls we were with went to the girls line, but whatever, three hours (we got there at like 9 PM) to get in is ridiculous.  There was nothing resembling a line for general admission...it was more like just a mob area where everyone pushed their way to the front.  In the end when we got in they did comp our cover, but I would have rather paid instead of standing around.Once we got in, the club was decently spaced, so there was enough room to move around and in terms of dancing you weren't restricted to freaking.  The rooftop bar was nice to look at The Strip and get a couple drinks, and the music on the bottom floor was great. Since it had taken us so long to get in the girls we were with were ready to go about an hour after we got in, so I got my wrist stamped and walked them back to their hotel.  Readmission was a breeze and my friends and I boozed it up before we left to walk around The Strip.
4	Pure is of one of those mega-clubs where you could either get held up in line, raped for expensive cover, get denied entry, get kicked out for throwing up... and hate it.... OR it could be a place where you get in for free, throw down drinks, dance your legs off... and enjoy it.  Our hero went with the latter (obviously).Getting in wasn't a big deal when our hero got his name on the guest list for a Friday night with a party of 7, even though they were mainly guys.  The doormen were fairly polite and it was only a matter of finding the right line and waiting about half an hour in the mess of bodies to get in.  A couple that joined our prepared hero a bit later managed to bypass the line and get in by slipping the bouncer $20 a head.There's quite a few different rooms inside, with the main room straight down the entrance corridor being the loudest and most crowded one.  Table service off to the sides are pretty secluded from the main action of the dance floors and there's quite a bit of variety in the seating styles.  The main attraction though is the rooftop, which many people miss out on.  The open air, view of the strip, and ability to actually have a conversation make the rooftop a prime location in this nightclub.PROS:- Huge club with around 36,000 sq ft. of partying pleasure, featuring many different rooms.- Great rooftop view of the strip from the top floor when they open up the stairs and elevator.- Pretty easy to bypass the lines if you grease the bouncers or get on a guest list.CONS:- The main dance floor in the largest room gets jam packed when they let in an uncomfortable amount of people after midnight.- The lines to get in are a bit messy.  People have very little regard for a queue in the general admission and guest list lines.  The only form of sanity is the "hot chicks line".  Good luck getting into THAT one.
3	Line- This was the only club I went to with my girls that we didn't have any connection to get into but luckily we ran into a promoter outside and got to go into the ladies guest line. We were the first few in the club (even before those with tables!). We got there pretty early because Ludacris was going to be there. We arrived at 10pmish...he came 1am. =[Fee- No charge for ladies before a certain time and free drinks!Crowd-This place drew in a more older crowd. I feel like Pure might have been a big hit a while back but now is fading? Around 12, it got extremely crowded. The guys there weren't hot but very creepy.Music- The music was ok but nothing great that I could remember.Dance floor-Was bumping if only I could move.Up and out- Outside is really nice but only if you are at a VIP table which my girls and I got pulled into. Had a few drinks. Some nice guys, sort of creepy but whatever. Vegas right? and VIP table! We just chilled out there until Ludacris came.Ludacris was awesomee! I was caught in a mosh pit though and pushed into the glass right in front of luda. Still fun though hearing him rap and sing his latest songs.
2	$1500 for a lessoned learned is something I really was NOT going for NOR something I'd expect from a nightclub like PURE.  I hate dropping numbers but PURE is really not worth it.- VIP entrance was great. Slipped in without having to wait in the   massive line.  Our group got escorted through the first floor and into the   elevator to the second where we were led into our cabana.-  Bottle service was "alright" - The place is huge which is always a plus and it's all downhill from here.- Music sucked.  Although they did not play the typical pop club music,  I expected a lot more from a Vegas, aaheeamm!! PURE nightclub DJ.- The crowd was horrible from my observation (maybe we went on the   wrong night): you have the "Just turned 21 crowd", older gentlemen   coming on to the younger girls, women trapped in the 80's with   bridesmaid type of clothing and even MORE women and men   with the British flag draped over their shoulders, did I miss   miss something? Was there some sports event that happened on   the 17th of July that you're compelled to physically express your  pride in a nightclub in Vegas? Summation: AVOID PURE.I'd settle for "Blush Boutique" at the Wynn any day. Even though it's small.  It's classy, fun, hip and what Vegas nighclub should be. Big or small.
4	I've been here twice; the first time was the ultimate: we arrived in a stretch limo, I had way too many cocktails, walked right in, dance my arse off under the open-air deck, and partied till 5am.  It was the ultimate send off for my first time to Vegas.  Second time wasn't so hot.  The crowd was different; not so much into the music, as much as they were trying to "be seen."  Whatever, I came for the music.  The club certainly is the most spacious I've been to in Vegas (with the exception of XS), and I'm getting the feeling the vibe can be hit-or-miss, which is true of any megaclub that caters to tourists.  The feeling of an open-air club is just amazing to me; the desert, great music, great drinks and partying like crazy.....mucho fun!
4	There are four different rooms in the club, but we headed straight to the roof-deck/patio, which was breezy and cool and overlooks the strip. The patio is also nice, because the music is loud enough for dancing, but it wasn't quite as loud as clubs usually are - you could still have a conversation without screaming in someone's ear. We had a really great time! (Also, we went on a Saturday night around midnight expecting a long line and expensive cover, but we only waited about 10 minutes in line and got in free with our Ceasar's Palace room card!) The club was busy, but there was still space to breath.
2	was very disappointed in this club i heard alot of thing bout it and couldnt wait to go and i felt robbed of my money i was better off going to Tabu..they played good music thats one star the club was nice and big thats the second star but besides that id never go back...the main dance floor was sooo crowded i couldnt get in and the put the restrooms way in the back so u have to go thru the crowd. you cant just stand either u either have to keep walking around in circles or be on the dance floor seriouslt wtf is that?! overall i was not impressed and definatly not go back
3	As I previously mentioned in my review for XS, I'm cantankerous. I don't like crowds anymore and I don't really care about being seen at the most crackinest club but I'm not going to no wack place either. For me, Pure was right in the middle. I was there on a Tuesday night, "industry/local night" which was just the right amount of crowd for me. The music was pretty good. There was no line but maybe because it was a Tuesday. Free admission because it was part of my hotel package. It's always nice going to club located in the hotel that you're staying in, you can go up to your room and rest your feet, drink more, freshen up your hairspray, check on your false eyelashes, fit in a quickie, etc. I didn't really get to explore the whole place, just danced downstairs and upstairs, which was my favorite part.
2	The club equivalent of Rocky at the beginning of Rocky III. The only problem is- there's no Apollo Creed to train up this club and make it awesome enough to kick Drago's ass in Rocky IV. While Pure certainly has all the elements of a Vegas nightclub - beautiful views, good VIP sections, and mind-numbingly stupid waitresses with large fake breasts, it fails to measure up in a few key categories. 1) Line at the door. Bouncers here probably would be better equipped with cattle-prodders than clipboards since the entryway of this "megaclub" more closely resembles something out of Upton Sinclair's "The Jungle" than it does a line at a fancy club.2) Bridal Parties. Look, I love me a good garter belt as much as the next red-blooded American male, but when the bridal parties out-number the single chicks 2 to 1, there is a problem. The problem is that I can only see a finite number of penis-shaped objects and gaudy pink sashes before they spoil the view. 3) Overcrowded. I know that I don't have three rolls of fat at the back of my neck, and I don't weigh 300 pounds, nor am I a 6 foot tall ex-model, so I may not be an "expert" in running the door at a club like this, but isn't part of the bargain in charging a cover that you promise to keep the number of people somewhat limited?? This place got so crowded that I was scared to leave the VIP for fear of being trampled by over-weight intoxicated brides-to-be and their manic bridesmaids. Overall, I enjoyed the view, the table service, and the beautiful Vegas skyline, but without VIP access, I wouldn't ever venture back to this lackluster gem of the Vegas Strip.
4	The hubby and I arrived on Friday and went to Pure later that night with another couple.  We had a lot of fun!  It was even better that we didn't have to wait that long in line and we didn't have to pay a cover!  The only thing that needs to be improved is the organization of the line.  We were all bundled up in a ball line.  The music was good, not a lot of hip hop music though.  The decor is nice but I really enjoyed the rooftop.  Wish we would have spent most of our time there.
5	1st let me start by saying "Pure is the truth"!Hands down the best VIP experience I have ever had and I do bottle service most of the time.I went to Vegas last week for 4 days. My friends and I went to three clubs and I have to say that Pure is in its own league. Yes, XS is nice to look at however it was just not the club for us. If you want a mix crowd and great club music do your self a big favor and go to Pure. It made our trip! We intend to go back next year to Vegas and Pure is the 1st stop and maybe the 2nd.   Pros:Music (if you like Hip hop and top 40)Good looking crowdGreat serviceVIP/bottle serviceCons:Packed!! Long line if you have to wait in it (we did not)Bottles are $500 and up (2 bottle min) Great time but VIP is a must!!!
4	So I have been to Pure a few times, but rarely remember my experience (it is Vegas!).  This last weekend, however, I tried to remember the club enough to review it on Yelp.  My experience was different since we opted for bottle service, instead of just walking in.  I highly recommend bottle service because:1. You don't have to wait in line2. You always have somewhere to sit3. You get your own personal security guardYes, that third point above is key.  Bottle service anywhere else gives you point 1 and 2 above, but getting your own security guard was pretty cool.  He gives you a stamp to tell show that he is your own guard.  No one is allowed to sit at your table or drink your drinks unless they have his stamp.  We had people hanging very close to our table, and he moved them aside.  It was also just nice to know that you don't have to fight off that random drunk who is trying to chill in your area.The club is huge.  There are many rooms with different kind of music.  Unfortunately the bathroom was so far from our area.  We had to go past 2 different rooms to get to the bathroom.  Soon enough we learned that it was faster to just go outside and use the casino restrooms and just walk right back in through the "re-entry" line. The people were a random mix.  We saw a few guys that probably came in right when the doors open, because we are not sure how else they got in.  One man looked like Santa Claus.  I guess it is Vegas.Overall I had a great time!
2	This is one of the most interesting places in Las Vegas. Seriously! If you are not getting blinded by the supersexy promoters schlondering around Cesars handing out VIP tickets and wristbands to every vajajay that doesn't sprout hair out from her chin, and once you do not pass out from the bad odor in line in front of the club, you may want to puton your sunglasses when entering, because everything is an awesome fake alligatorskin white.If thats good or bad, it would be your decision. It is not mine hahaMe and my girls have no issues getting into clubs fast without a line and no money. But this beats it all.... if you want to get hit on by reeeeeally gross bolding men resembling bowling balls, THIS is the club for YOU!Dont get offended if this awesome looking strapping fella' asks your friend if he pays you or me directly for S.x. Yes, you read me right!The bouncers inside the club feel like they are guarding the freakin' crown jewels in time square. The *VIP* und bottle service area is usually totally empty, that means so and so, wear flip flops because your hammertoes will hurt like hell being squshed by 300lbs ladies and 400lbs bolding guys cramped into this supersmall venue.Ergo: we only end up here if we are so wasted that we cant walk anymore, or else it is unbearable haha
1	****please, do yourself a favor, and AVOID THIS PLACE LIKE A PLAGUE****Pure is what one would classify as a FIVE STAR nightclub in LAS VEGAS with a negative ONE STAR in service.Having been to a number of nightclubs in Vegas, never had I gotten yelled at by the bouncer for no reason, until Pure.Not only was my experience with the bouncers a bad one, the whole "guestlist" line they have outside of the club is completely disorganized. Instead of having one or two lines for people on the guestlist, they pretty much just roped off the entire area in front of the club and made no attempt to control the line. What was supposed to be a line for guestlist entry became just a huge area, with a mob of people. It was pretty scary when my friends and I paid a visit to this place. We eventually got in after getting shoved by strangers and yelled at by the bouncers. I know a lot of bouncers get paid to be a d*** but honestly, Pure has some of the WORST bouncers I have ever encountered. I guess you have to be a douche to be a "good" bouncer. Once we got into the club, the club itself was actually nice. A bit on the small side but I liked how it was all white. It didn't take too long to get drinks but it was so packed that it was impossible to get from point A to point B without bumping into someone or spilling your drinks. If you are thinking about coming here, I'd recommend that you either:1) Know someone personally who works for the club and can get you in fairly quickly. Knowing a promoter does not help in particular, and I am speaking from personal experience.2) Buy bottle serviceThere are better and nicer clubs in Vegas, so I don't think I'd come back
2	So-so, hit or miss. We missed the long ridiculous lines; there must have been three bachelorette parties in that line - we walked right past them and up to the front simply because our party was pretty small (only 5 of us).  Apart from that, the drinks were just alright.  Dance floor was crowded, but this is Vegas.  The rooftop is refreshing but it's a bit of a scene. Drank a Macallan neat and have to say, he gave us a healthy pour.  I'd say 4 fingers for $16.  Not bad, and this was in 2007.
3	Get bottle service.  It makes a hell of a difference in this sardine can of a club.  Recently went to this club again in June for a friend's birthday. A group of 7 girls and 8 guys.  We were smart enough to split up. The guys got a hook-up for bottle service and were escorted in to their table, while us girls got wristbands from the promoter outside the casino entrance, went through the ladies only line in about 5 minutes and met up with them at the table.  Pros to this method - 1)You're not charged for as many bottles since the table is technically just the guys and 2) Ladies - Your wristband gets you 1 free drink at the bar (hell yeah!)That being said I had a considerably better time this visit with the private space at the table to dance.
3	Well, I am not a club person.  My wife loves to dance so I am sort of dragged into this experience....  Yes, I am the ball and chain.Hmm, I don't know where people get the idea that there is not a long line here.. yikes, we must have waited over 40 minutes after the doors open..... before the doors open, we waited another 1.5 hours prior.   I wish they had a Quick Pass line like Disney... lol...Tickets --- recommendation, do NOT pay for the cover charge.  It is like 20-40 bucks (whatever the price and the night i.e. Wed vs Fri/Sat night -- honestly, I don't know the price -- I have never paid for a cover here)...  My recommendation is to go to the concierge or to the front of Caesars (come dressed up)... there are casino staff in front of the casino (as you walk in) , just ask and they would GIVE you FREE tickets into the PURE.  It says VIP, but really, you are stuck in line...Lines -- Honestly, someone told us to come at 9:30pm... They were right, we got our Free tickets and got in line (it is located on the side wall next to the Pussy Cat Lounge).  I thought it opened at 10pm.  I was wrong... they open the door at 11pm.  And, they have another line for true VIP and guest of the hotel.   Those guys get preferential access.  Of course, they sporadically, let in the other VIP lines slowly (yes, people with either the free tickets or the suckers who are willing to Pay the regular price to get in)...  The line must have wrapped around the hotel.  It was as far as I can see... those poor people probably didn't get in until after 3 or 4am!  We were finally let in around 11:40pm.  And, again, it was free..Drinks -- dude, this was WAY expensive.  I think my mixed drink was like 15 to 20 bucks per pop and my wife's small bottle water was like $5 bucks.  Are you kidding me?? I guess being married with a mortgage and expenses have me looking more closely at prices...Worst thing was that I did get a buzz and ended up downing like 4 drinks... Next time, note to self, chug a few drinks before you get in... If you play at the casino, drinks are free...Environment -- There are multiple rooms.  But, the main room is this totally white - bed like atrium.  It was kinda cool.  They also have a roof floor - however, because it was so cold outside (early March), most of the guests stayed downstairs.... Honestly, I thought this whole club was a bit cheesy.Dance Floor -- hmmm, where can i stand without people bumping into me.  You had less than a twelve inches by six inches worth of space to dance.  Yes, I felt like a sardine.  Truly, girls grinding against me -- NO problem.... Guys grinding against me -- Major problem!As for music, the reason why I gave this three instead of 2 stars, the music was jamming.  Thank god, they do not play hip hop (or as much of it).  Most of the music is pop/rock n roll/and some techno...As for our stay, we stayed until about 1:30am... Overall, this was a good experience.  I must admit that I have been back a couple times since with the wife.  It is a cool place to go out, make the wife happy, grab a few drinks (beforehand of course), and let loose...Cheers and enjoy!
3	Pure at Caesar's PalaceI went there a year ago on my friends bachelor party and we rolled in about 9 or 10 guys. We were put on the guest list the night before so we didn't have to wait in line, thank god. They even had people outside the casino inviting people into the club with free passes.The good thing about the club is it looks beautiful. Outside the club you had the pussycat dolls gambling area with go go dancers which was nice. There was even a pussycat doll lounge next door. The bad things about this club is that it is way I mean way too crowded. It was almost impossible to get a drink. To try and dance was even harder on the main dance floor since you don't have any room you just try to jump up and down. Luckly there is also rooftop dancing and lounge. The music is very different though. The main floor with hiphop and great djs. The roof with techno and a less happening crowd. Alot of cabanas upstairs. Action, alot of girls were uptight so it was hard to start a conversation. I would think it would be easier since most people are on vacation but I guess its one of those you gotta have money to be in a cabana or bottle service kinda thing. lolFinally conclusion. We didn't like the huge crowds.
2	Pros: Great outdoor patio that over looks the Vegas strip and decent music.Cons: Long line, over crowded and no place to loung unless you get bottle service.
2	I finally went here for the first time for my friends friends bday, there was about 20 of us so you can imagine the frustration to gather everyone. The wait wasn't bad at all because my friends friend knew people that worked there so the only wait time for us was waiting for everyone to arrive. When we finally got in we all scattered because it's just impossible to be with a group of 20 and stay together. My friends and I went on the dance floor in the main room and it smelled like throw up. We couldn't figure out who threw up or where its coming from. Finally we left that room and went into the other room downstairs that was playing hip hop, not bad because it wasn't as crowded. Then we went upstairs where they were playing house music located outside. The fresh air felt really nice and you get the view of the strip. Good things about Pure:They play all kinds of musicHuge (not as crowded)I got in freeBad:Dance floor smelled like throw upLong walk going back to the car
4	My friends and I got here around 12 on a Saturday night and there was a huge line. Somehow one of my girlfriends knew somebody who knew somebody and we got in, 4 girls and 2 guys free and into the VIP section.The dance floor was absolutely packed, I shimmied for a little while, but it was so hot and smelled like...well a hundred people dancing in a very tight space. After that I stayed up in the little section with the nice ladies making free drinks.I definitely had a great time here, and I'll be back next time i'm in Vegas.
2	The entrance to Pure was mobbed with people. We had made previous arrangements with a staff member to get our large party (14, mostly girls) inside. It was nearly impossible with the poor line control.We finally made it inside but were quite disappointed. The primary downstairs area was extremely packed and too dark. The open air dance floor upstairs was much better.I don't want to sound snobby, but... the bouncers seem to let everyone. There were also quite a few extremely drunk individuals that I would have expected to be escorted out, if anyone had been paying attention.
4	I had a chance to visit Pure Nightclub in Las Vegas, Nevada for labor day weekend. Our night started at LAX nightclub where a notorious DJ was scheduled to perform, however we left before the performance... the reason for that requires a whole other review. We arrived at Pure around 11:30 p.m. and there was a ridiculously large number of people outside trying to get in. The worst part about our visit to Pure was the wait time to get in, which was about 1 hour and a half or so, although we were on a guest list. In their defense, we did arrive late considering that a famous DJ was there to perform and celebrate his birthday. Despite the almost unbearable wait and nearly impossible chance of getting in, my friend was able to charm one of the bouncers and he finally let us in and she threw some more pixie dust at the door and got us a free entrance into this exclusive club. Otherwise, they were charging $40 for girls and $60 for guys this particular night. The main dance floor primarily played hip-hop and top 40 music, which is always my favorite. The rooftop was playing house music and those folks were rocking out and enticed me to dance there for a while, and I don't usually prefer house music. I can't recall what  genre of music the other two venues in Pure were playing, but I can say that never did I see a lack of intensity, energetic, sweaty, and truly happy (or drunk) people dancing their stresses away as they dominated the dance floors.As you make your way to the main dance floor you almost think "heavenly" because of the abundance of white decor inside, but stop yourself knowing how much of an oxymoron it would be to associate a nightclub with anything Holy. The ambiance of Pure Nightclub is elegant, sophisticated and classy. Luxurious white drapes flowing down from the ceilings creating a quite romantic and plush atmosphere along with the white furniture used in the VIP bottle service tables. A number of bars were located throughout the club assuring there was never a shortage of drinks and eliminating any long lines from forming.The lavish rooftop is rich with VIP bottle service seating and VIP bottle service Cabanas with a DJ dedicated to playing a genre of music for that room, and to top it off there is a breathtaking panoramic view of the entire strip. The Cabanas are plush with red lounge-like seating and black curtains perfectly tied back  creating a darker, but still very classy feel.  With four destinations within Pure to choose from, boredom never crosses your mind. Travel to another dance floor via their exquisite glass elevators or make your way using the picturesque twisting staircase. Each venue in Pure feels as though you have arrived in a completely different nightclub, which was perfect for my friend and I considering we tend to have short attention spans and can be quickly bored. Each room played a different type of music than the next and none of the rooms had the same decor. The main dance floor was crammed, but that may have been because of the DJ that was in attendance. Needless to say, we ended up staying at Pure and charmed our way into a VIP section and danced the night away with our new friends! There is no doubt that we will continue to party at Pure on our future Vegas trips.
1	I can honestly say that I'll never forget my experience at Pure. My girlfriend and I were in Vegas and wanted to go to at least one club. A friend-of-a-friend is a promoter so we got on the VIP guestlist for Tuesday night. We showed up at about 9:45 and got in the front of the guestlist "line". Just like many of the reviews say, the lines are a bit chaotic...it was more of a slightly roped-off mass of people waiting for the throng of pretentious bouncers to let them in one party at a time.By 10:40 -- 10 minutes after opening -- we were let in. The club is very much built for bottle service which runs about $375. The general admission area is rather small for this reason. Following the theme of the club, most of the surfaces are white and the lighting is therefore rather low. The space constraints certainly make things a bit difficult.So, anyway, after arriving I went to the bar while my girlfriend and her mother, who came in to party with us, went to use the ladies room. Here's where things got strange. I asked the bartender if they had any signature cocktails. He said no, so I just asked him to make something for my girlfriend. He suggested a cosmo, but she wanted something more interesting so I told him to be creative and to make sure it had a kick. So he made a red fruity drink he called a "Sex in the City". He charged $15 for that and $10 for the Jack & Diet I had. I gave my girlfriend her drink and she made a bit of a face but kept drinking it.About 15-20 minutes later, she was starting to look a bit hammered and said that she wanted to leave because her eyes were blurring. Once outside the club, both her mother and I noticed her pupils were really dilated. She was really messed up by this point and had almost no memory retention. After some iPhone research, it became rather clear that the bartender had misunderstood my order and tried to do me a favor by slipping something into her drink -- most likely GHB, a common date-rape drug.We walked over to the forum shops and got her some water and food to help metabolize the drug out of her system. Luckily, her mom was around and knew that it was all an unfortunate accident. On our way back to our room, I apologized to her parents for "rufi-ing" their daughter; her mom gave me a high-five. By the next morning, all was well and we laughed about the ridiculous experience, but you can bet that we won't make a return visit to Pure.
3	The night started out with long line outside, but was empty by the time we got inside. After they let more people in, but it was mostly guys... It got really crowded really fast, and they wouldn't open the upstairs for a while, so there was no room to move in the main hallway. The music was okay. I swear, it's impossible to find a Vegas club with anything, but house music. I'd even take a blend at this point!We ended up dancing outside upstairs, which was pretty cool. The club has some cool views of Planet Hollywood and that side of the strip.It was fun to experience Pure, but I don't think I'd go back there. Too many clubs to try... So little time!
3	If you don't want to wait in line to get into a club, make sure your group is made up of girls only. We simply walked up to the front of the line after seeing how long it was, asked the bouncer if he could let us in, and on our way we go! Although we still had to pay $20 cover, we got to skip the long line. This club is really nice and has different rooms for you to explore, one of them being the Pussycat Dolls Lounge. This club is okay to me, they only have one main dancefloor open and they didn't let people in at first if they didn't have a table. Lame! But after an hour or so they opened it up and we were able to make our way over. The music was okay, I guess I was too sober because the other girls didn't drink. Yes, kinda a buzzkill and I didn't want to keep drinking by myself. Anyways, This club is nice to check out especially if you've never been before.
1	I wouldn't come here againunless you blindfolded me, tied me up and brought me here against my will. Went here with friends on a Saturday night, big mistake. We paid $30 to get in and weren't told that some private party had pretty much taken over to the entire place. How did we know? They obnoxiously all wearing white. How original. Besides that, Pure has made the decision to turn the entire place into nothing but tables and bottle service. Everywhere you go there must have been a table to the left or right of you. Leaving no space to stand or dance or wait for a drink.  The second floor outside area, didn't get any better. For the 20 minutes we were there before we decided to leave, it was like we were walking in narrow hallways of VIP rope. I felt so upset paying cover and not even being here for half an hour and  enjoying the place. How does crappy place get this thinking they can charge the same cover as a much better, bigger Vegas club like XS?  I'll refuse to come here again and warn my friends about it.
1	This review is based off my sole initial impression of the club, as I didn't attend the venue as a club goer, but I did a shoot there.The white area of the club looks sterile and boring with cheap looking furniture.  Seriously, people spend hours waiting in line to hang out in a room like this?  I'm gotten cooler vibes from hospitals.  The other rooms did look a little better, however.The real "winner" for me to ensure that I'll never come here are the prices for the table service liquor.  Bear in mind that you could have a GREAT party elsewhere with the money you'd spend on drinks that you can get here.  The "cheapest" bottle is Skyy Vodka, which runs a paltry $425.  You can buy a bottle of this for less than $20 at Vons.  You're welcome on the $400 savings.The final incredulity was the 6 liter bottle of Dom Perignon for the affordable price of $25,000.No, you read that right: $25,000.All I can say is, that if you have the money to throw down what is the base annual average income for what an average person makes in an entire year, I hope the table service includes the waiter punching the buyer in the face, because quite frankly, one would deserve that for being so wasteful.Well, you could always get Dom Perignon Rose 3 liter for $14,000, or one of the other beverages for a mere $3-5,000 a pop.Plan a fantastic trip around the world, put a solid down payment on a really nice car or a house, or donate that money to something like cancer research where it could actually be used for something worthwhile if you genuinely have THAT much money to burn.  No wonder some of the train-wreck celebrities are reported to visit here.  It's apparently as vapid and soulless as they are.Anyone who is reckless enough to have all that money and not put it to better use needs to have their head examined, or needs a money manager to get their life priorities sorted out.  That's not "big ballin'".  That's just stupid.
2	The few times I've been at Pure, the experiences weren't great.  Too bad because I liked the music.  There's also no place to sit if you don't have a table.  They tried to charge us for cover until we show them our Ceasar's Palace room key.  I never had to pay to enter a club in Vegas and I don't intend to start here.  I think this practice is what drove away the good crowds.Their rooftop area is just ghetto and it attracts a lot of douche bags.  I got licked once by a random guy I wasn't even talking to.  It was disgusting!  Should have slapped the guy, but whatever, I moved on and tried to talk to someone else.  The music downstairs was so loud it was impossible to have a conversation.  So we got innovative and started typing on the phone, when I realize he doesn't know much English.  Hahaha good and bad, it was memorable.  Though I would not go to this club again.
2	Typical Vegas BS club. The guest list line had no order whatsoever and nearly caused fights to break out, plus it took about 45 minutes of being shoved around just to get through that. We managed to skip the cover though which was good because had I paid $30 to get in and then $10 for well drinks I'd be pissed.Inside it's pretty and all but if you don't pay for a table and bottle service you'll be standing all night long. My favorite area was upstairs where you have a great view of the strip and plenty of air. But still you can't sit for even a moment with spending the table $, I hate the elite feel of that.The music was all pop mashup junk.On a plus this place made me really appreciate dive bars more even if Pure has more rich stuck up girls prancing around in trashy outfits.
2	Don't come here on a Sunday. Better yet, don't come here at all.  We came here on a Sunday. There was nobody in line and they tried to charge us cover, oh pleasee. We were gonna walk away and they said if were guests at Caesars we can come in for free so we showed them our room key. In and out in less than 5 minutes.  The club was dead, the roof was filled with douche bags, not our kind of crowd. I've been here on a Saturday before and it's not that great either. There are plenty of night clubs in Vegas, Pure is just not worth your time.
1	Pure? Pure what? Pure chaos? I honestly don't get what all the hype was about. This place was disgusting. Sticky alcohol and broken glass all over the floor, obnoxious people who grab and grope you without asking, nowhere to sit unless you pay at least $400 for bottle service, music so loud that you can't hear yourself think. I was lucky enough to be going with a guy who was a former promoter for the club, so the door guys knew him and let us in right away, but we ended up leaving after an hour or so because even he thought it was gross and annoying that night. I mean sure, the venue itself is pretty, especially the balcony area, but it's so royally trashed by the time that you get in that it doesn't matter. The music was good, but too loud. And apparently one of the Kardashian girls was there the night that I went, but I never saw her, or any other celebrities for that matter. I'm sure they were sequestered in some hidden VIP room if they were even there at all, so it's not like this was as "woo, partying with the stars!". I dunno, maybe other nights are better, but we went on a Saturday and it was stupid, and not very fun.
3	We decided to leave Pure for Saturday night and as we rolled up we realized the insanity that was about to surround us. As we walked up we saw crazy lines all around and what looked like a riot of people trying to get in. As it was midnight it was clear that we'd be in these lines forever so I made the executive decision that we're bottles b.c. I'm not dealing with all of that. As I walked up to the front and elbowed my way to the red rope I had to say "Excuse Me! Hello?" about 10 times to get their attention and finally had to scream "I want to buy bottles!" The second I screamed that I had their best door guy come grab me and my girls and from then on our night was great. I was able to negotiate a two for one bottle deal and we were immediately led to a great table in the red room. After they brought us all of our drinking vessels, bottles, etc we were actually moved to a better table in the medium size room (no idea of the name). After that we were moved to the main room on the main stage with a front table so needless to say we had an amazing time. With private security, never an empty glass and cigs being lit for you before you can blink we had nothing left to do but dance our butts off. Good music and definitely a real club. If I can give you one tip it'd be to get bottles when you get here. You will most likely be paying $30+ cover (forget about the guestlists as they end by midnight) plus $10+ for drinks. So do the math - cheaper to get tables and you'll enjoy yourself way more.
2	THE WORST CLUB EVER IN VEGAS!!! the crowd was filled with middle aged people and the music they played i couldn't dance to or get into smh. The drinks and watching the crowd that couldn't dance made the experience more enjoyable.
3	After a nightmarish time at Jet, me and my BFF decided to go to Pure, since we were in the guest list. WHICH WAS TOTAL BULL.Apparently the club thought it would be cool to add all these people to guest list- and then be like:"Ohhh... you have no other plans but PURE since we promised you guestlist? Well guess what? NO ONE is getting in for free, we're charging you ALL 20 bucks girls, 50 guys and since it's too late to go anywhere else you will HAVE to pay."I know it was halloween night (sat night) but outright lying isn't cool. Me and my girlfriend found 40 bucks on the floor- so we paid with that. HAHA Pure! In your face!Spencer and Heidi were in the club- i don't get what the big deal is- so what? Why the hype? Anyways- not the point.The club isn't designed in the proper shape. The dancefloor is too square- and it traps people in.The decor is kind of like- white- fragmented- nothing that adds to the music to create atmosphere.Music was good!- although I don't really understand why the DJ was sampling 2 minutes of each song all night. Still- I was able to get a couple of hours of hardcore dancing until it got tooooooo ridiculous. (My angel wings didn't make it out of Pure, sadly).
2	PURE? What's so "pure" about this place man? Just because everything is white? The stamp on  my wrist does not want to come off :O! The Strip's first nightlife and destination? Please man, I heard this one before -_-'! Promoter:  "Hey ladies, let me put you on the guest list." Guest list, sure whatever! Guess what, there was none! Better yet, I think it does not exist. Promotion lies! Ladies, beware of guys in suits starting of with "hey ladies, what you girls up to tonight?"  $20 for ladies and $50 for guys?  That's like a rap for guys! Sorry fellas, $30 dollar difference, super lame. Up to you if you want to pay for a terrible DJ and overcrowded dance floor.Luckily, my best friend and I found $40 on the floor that night (one $20 at the club and the other on the casino floor) and we paid our way in for FREE. It was Halloween night (or more like morning since it was about 12 am) and the bouncers kept letting people in and making the experience very unpleasant, especially if the DJ did not know how to do a smooth a transition when switching songs.This place was definitely worst than JET haha! Ladies: Creepy fellas here!
1	ZERO STARS! DO NOT COME TO THIS "CLUB"!!! This place sucks ass! We stayed for 5 minutes before leaving... Never again!!!!I don't mean to sound racist, but if the black people aren't even dancing, then you know this club sucks!
3	Eh.. not the greatest club experience but it was a Sunday night so maybe that has something to do with it. It seemed like every guy that hit on me or danced with me was either from Canada or England lol so random. The place had a bunch of foreigners and the music from what I remember was just okay. Thank God I didn't pay to get in, I would have been pissed lol. The club isn't all that big either. It is just whatever. I wouldn't really recommend it to people who wanna party hardy like me. If you have no where else to go or there is a special event going on then I would say that is the only time I would go. Can't tell you what the drinks were like or how the service was cause I was already three sheets to the wind upon arrival. If I had one word to describe my experience here I would probably say boring. Just not a whole hell of a lot going on but like I said it may have had something to do with it being a Sunday night.
3	Overall my expereience at Pure was pretty good. Pros: I was able to get in free with my buddies.  The view from the upper floor was amazing Design and layout of the club was niceMusic was goodCons:Drinks are expensiveLots of promoters that say they can get u in free...but in reality cantSnobby and powertripping doorman (luckily i didnt have to deal with it but a couple of my buddies did since they didnt get in free with us)
3	My Patron & pineapple was made so strong I was willing to overlook the numerous creeps in VIP who think it's okay to jump behind a girl, grab her waist, and proceed to dry hump her despite her moving away from all of you several times. Trying to have sex with my clothing is not dancing. I went on Friday night and it was packed. I met some friends there but was alone at the line and had no problem getting in. Decent place, not horrible & not amazing. The inside is nice.
1	If I can rate this place zero stars, then I will and can.There are a bunch of sales people on the strip giving away "VIP Passes". These are a waste of time. All it does is put you in a shorter line that moves slower than the general admission line. If you think about it, general admission are all paying customers so they would rather let the $$ in. And the "VIP" line sits & waits. Boo!!The crowd was like this...."Douche Bag/Sausage Fest" central. And this goes for the guys & girls. Luckily, the Fashion Police wasn't there because a lot of people will be going to Fashion Jail. Wait, I wont be so mean...I guess the hotels that they were staying in didnt have any mirrors.  LOL.There was a lot of people in there fronting like the know this music. That was funny. And of course you have the "Woo!" girls. They were funny. Any time a Top 40 song came on...guess what? "Woo!" In my opinion, this is a club to definitely pass up. I will say this because we went to XS the night before & that is how a club should be.On a side note, Is it me or does Vegas DJ suck? Sorry Vegas DJ's you have to keep the club moving. Thank you Bay Area DJ's for setting the standard.
4	I had a great time! We didn't have passes, but didn't have to wait in line or pay a cover (though we were 5 girls on a thursday night, which is definitely less busy than weekends). Sure, there was a circle of some pretty shady guys around us the entire time, but hey, where in vegas aren't there shady guys??
5	Attended a private party hosted by a good friend of mine here during the G2E convention last week.  It was held on the patio overlooking the Strip.  It was catered buffet style and had a hosted open bar.....sweet!On the buffet they had Pizza, Empinadas, Beef & Chicken Kabobs, and a bunch of other stuff I can't remember right now.  On the Dessert buffet there was a large selection of Cheesecakes.....again, I can't remember.  The hosted bar got the best of me.....I guess that's what happens when you drink several classes of Wine, ha!The patio was awesome with a great view of the Strip.  The club staff was very friendly and the weather was perfect!  The DJ was playing a combination of funky house and hip-hop.....I wish he would have stuck with the funky house....but it was a pretty good vibe nonetheless since it wasn't that angry gangsta hip-hop.The booths and cabanas were comfortable as they each had heaters although it wasn't too cold.  I actually had to ask a bouncer to shut off the heater in our cabana.Overall it was a great night of partying and networking.Will I return?  For a private party....you bet I will!
5	Awesome best dj I have ever heard
2	My greatest memory of this place is when the Ludacris song, How Low Can You Go, was playing. The moment it started, the entire club dropped to the floor. I can literally see all the way to the other side of the club.Other than that, this place was average. High prices, small place, sectioned seating area, expensive drinks. Vegas price tag without the Sin City glitz.
4	It was an epic Columbus day weekend of pillaging and plundering in the land of debauchery. The favorite Yelper and I were in town to celebrate not one, but two friends' birthdays, and although the groups didn't necessarily know each other, we decided to coordinate to combine both parties into one mega event for the ages. We mulled over many of the popular hotspots, including Moon, Tao, and XS, but ultimately Pure was the chosen destination.Word has it that Pure was the hip and happenin' place to be a few years ago, but has now fallen out of favor behind the aforementioned spots. However, since the location was more convenient for all parties involved, and we were able to score a private booth at a decent price, the decision was made. In addition, it was to be my first clubbing experience in Vegas! Yes, it's true. Out of all these years of going to Vegas, I had never been to a club... until now!When we first arrived before 10 pm, the line was already getting pretty long, but once enough members of our group were rounded up, we were promptly escorted to our table, like the VIP's that we are. The booth was downstairs near the entrance, in an enclosed circular area, with seating for about 15.Fortunately, Pure doesn't seem to have a limit on the amount of people one can invite, so we were able to split the $1,500 fee among 20 or so, and those who wanted to dance or sit down could alternate back and forth. Best of all, they also allowed us to bring in more friends later on who weren't part of the original party. All we had to do was let the security know, and they would come with us outside to locate them, completely bypassing the queue.Speaking of security, we were even assigned our own personal bouncer named Bruce, a burly Michael Chiklis~esque middle aged looking gent. Based on his imposing demeanor, I originally assumed he was a former Navy Seal or police officer, but as it turned out, he's actually a retired software engineer! Ahh... there is still hope for me to be cool someday later in life.The club itself has an appealing layout, with a wide open stage area, and a couple of smaller rooms playing different music. It can get somewhat crowded at times, but not to the point of being in a sardine can. There is also the rooftop terrace, offering a great view of the surrounding casinos, but up here, even with the open air, it tends to get stuffy and nauseating, with the droves of people. Also, the sound acoustics are understandably quite poor.Based on the usual crowds of people I've seen in Vegas, Pure doesn't seem to attract the best and brightest of the bunch, so it may not be your best bet to get your mack on, but if you are simply out with your friends to have a good time, you will undoubtedly have nothing but Pure enjoyment. For my first clubbing foray in Vegas, I couldn't have asked for anything more.
3	I can see how PURE used to be the spot to go to but in comparison with the other clubs it falls a bit short. Don't get me wrong, I had a great time and as long as I can get to the bar and dance floor I'm OK but as far as ambiance goes, it's just OK.Save bottle service for XS, Tryst or TAO...go here to pregame.
3	i've been here twice and the first time i basically wanted to kill myself. if you're not a girl or have $$, get ready to wait a LONG ass time. my friends and i came here thinking we're on a 'guestlist' but it doesnt really matter. they have a guestlist line and then theres a 'girls line'. basically girls get in for free and get to hop in and out of the pussy cat doll bar. everyone else has to wait forever. my friends and i got there at 9 waiting in the guest list line and waited 2 hrs. at which point we each tipped the bouncer $20 and still had to pay $30 cover. so $50 just to get in. they pack the place like there is no tomorrow. the dancing area is SO packed that you cant move w/o elbowing someone and always feel they deserve more space. the fun part is that a lot of celebrities come here. i saw dwayne wade once. that was awesome.the second time i was here, my friend's mom knew the VP of PR of caesars so she got us the # for the head of security and we got on his special guest list. which basically meant we only waited 10 mins, free cover and a voucher for a free drink. now THAT was baller! didnt have to drop a cent that night lol. but like the time before it gets packed and when that happens you just want to bounce. its a nice experience but a little too packed
2	Hmm.. Had been to this club on 18th dec..had a VIP guest entry.. Still got charged $40 for cover.. Redonkeylous.. Well, being a guy with no accompanying gals .. You pay the price. My folks didn't land yet and had to party alone for a day! Pretty packed.. No place to stand, forget abt trying to loosen ur body. Still learning abt the clubs in Vegas.. Newbie to night life @ vegas..2  stars for now! Ok music! Seen better ones in Chicago..read other reviews abt guest line stories b4 u spend hrs waiting outside!Check eBay for nightclub passes! Just found out and got few VIPs ..lot cheaper than what u pay at websites and stores..i mean 65% cheaper!
2	The line for this place can be horrendous, and really, it's not that worth the wait.  Most of the crowd can be "trendy" and stuck up, though some people are genuinely there to have some fun.  Bottle service isn't worth it, and the music is pretty average for a club.  The place can get REALLY packed, which provides for a wide assortment of people.  The drinks are expensive, but they're made pretty well.  This is a decent spot to hang with friends, but in my opinion it gets too crowded with people who are trying too hard to seem important.  I'd go elsewhere to just hang and have a good time.
3	In my humble opinion, Pure is all about the rooftop. Forget the Paris, Lindsay, Speidi and Kardashian sightings inside, and shift your focus to the cool rooftop equipped with heat lamps, dance music and a pretty damn good view of Donny & Marie (plastered on the face of the Flamingo hotel across the strip).If coming with a large party, go directly to Pure's website and register for guestlist. You may be contacted by the VIP services staff who, currently during the economic slump, will likely cut you a good deal on bottle service, probably below $450 for two bottles. Jerrod Washington helped us out, so I recommend asking for him!I had a fun time here with a birthday group on the rooftop back in November, and I think we got a great deal considering how far your buck goes in Vegas. After venturing down to the main dancefloor and hearing the DJ trainwreck 8 times in the course of 3 songs (Gucci Mane, Plies, TI), we immediately ran back up to our booth to happily dance to fantastic mix of 90s dance and contemporary house music. Think Basement Jaxx, iio, Daft Punk, Shapeshifters, Who Da Funk, Dirty Vegas, Crystal Waters, Real McCoy, then mixed in with Armand Van Helden, Kaskade, Luciana,  Alex Guadino, Deep Dish, and Swedish House Mafia a little later.And while a quick desert flash shower rained on our parade, pun intended, it quickly blew over and the show went on. I sort of felt bad for those dancing on the slippery tile floor outside since I didn't see anyone mopping up.Me likey. But I likely wouldn't return without bottle service.
2	#1: Rooftop was closed. That was one of the main reasons I wanted to go to Pure. Ugh.#2: Guestlist line? What line? I thought I was gonna get stampeded by girls with 5 inch stilettos and squashed by men who thought they were bounchers. Whatever - still pushed my way up to the front. #3: Music was pretty crappy. I just wasn't feeling it... what did the BF say? Oh yeah - the vibe from the crowd wasn't helping because there was NO vibe other than lots of guys who stood there like statues.I got my boyfriend and I in for free but will probably not return. Why would you want to pay $20-$50 to go into this joint anyway? There were no go-go dancers when we went!! We stayed for about 30 minutes tops.Onto the next venue..
3	came here the night of new years day. diddy was hosting the party there. lots of people. it got a little too crazy crowded on the dance floor. love the decor of this place. the music was good. drinks expensive but thats expected. the rooftop area was nice but it was too cold to be out there. theres no guestlist line...instead there is an insane mosh pit of people and you basically have to try to make your way to the front in order to get in. however, i will admit that i enjoy being walked past everyone else trying to get in. =P word on the street is that pure isn't as hip as it was a few years ago...its still pretty crackin to me. =)
3	I would give this a 3.5 star if possible because it was just a little better than "a-ok". The dance floor is small and packed, but the tables are nice and roomy. I didn't get a chance to visit the rooftop so maybe that would have helped with my rating. Otherwise, I thought the venue was pretty decent looking--I liked the all white look. Ladies, the bathroom is pretty large so you probably won't find yourself waiting in a long line.
1	DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY  (unless you can get in for free ) OR YOUR TIME WAITING ON THE LINE (unless you can get in without waiting.)     TERRIBLE, TERRIBLE CLUB...EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTING.   HAS BEEN CLUB.     The decor and amosphere was mediocre, the crowd just o.k and the music ten years old.   GO GAMBLE WITH YOUR MONEY AND TIME... BETTER PAY OFF!
1	I would give this club a zero if i could. This place is filled with douche bags. When my friend tried to get in with her OWN id card the bouncer wouldn't let her in saying that it wasn't her. So we tried to reason with the guy, asking if we could bring some of her credit cards or other ids to prove that it was indeed her however he straight up said "you're not getting in."  So we then tried to talk to the club manager and it turns out that he was one  useless person. When we told him the situation, all the manager could say was that "I'm not trained to do this, he (bouncer) is."  At this point we were all frustrated and one of my other friends tried to talk to the bouncer again. He (the bouncer) probably figured by now that this was really her id (who in their right mind would try talking to the club manager with another person's id) and arrogantly told us that " he would look at her other cards or ids because we were complaining too much, but he would not guarantee that she will be able to get in."  After that we just wanted to know this so-called "well trained" bouncer's name and he wouldn't even give it to us. All in all i regret ever attempting to get into the PURE nightclub. After reflecting the night I realized that it was a complete waste of time trying to get into the club seeing that there weren't any people going to that club anyways. ( a sign of a dying nightclub if not, a dead club)
3	I love the ambiance. Everything looks so dreamy and surreal. The drinks were pricier here than otter clubs, and the bartender like to take their own tips. Umm okay! Big space... good music... I'm not impressed with the crowd though. Hmm...
3	Not a bad club....have a lot of great headliners.  I would go again...if there was a good host.
4	We got in at around 10:30, right when the club opened up.  We had arranged to get on the guestlist through the club website and got a confirmation through text.  Somehow, though, my name wasn't on the guestlist.  They let us in anyway with no cover, since I had the name of the promoter who was supposed to put us on.The decor isn't as modern as I expected it to be, but it's nice enough.  We never got to see the rooftop, which I heard is the best part however.  The main dance floor wasn't as big as I thought it was going to be, but not awful.  Unfortunately, you have to go directly through it to get to the bathroom.  The music wasn't so great to start out with and the dance floor didn't really start to heat up until 12AM, I would say.  To begin with, it was only couples and a few girls (my party included) dancing with a bunch of guys lingering about the edges -- no bueno!  Our group was pretty lucky because we found a bunch of nice guys early on in the night who invited us back to their table.  However, if you don't have table reservations, there is really NO place for you to sit down or even just stand and relax.  Bouncers get pretty bitchy if you try to sit at a table they think they could be making money off of.The bouncers as a whole weren't as a friendly as they could have been.  There were some good ones though.  One of them invited us to go onto the stage area that looks over the dance floor, where we danced the rest of the night away (best part of the night for sure).  Most of the staff that were up on the stage were really nice to us, but one of them tried to shoo us out for not having table reservations (Dude, did you not see your bouncer friend over there give us a high five?  Don't you guys confer with each other once in a while?  Gimme a break, eh!).  This place doesn't seem to be getting such good reviews now a days, but I had a good time.  I'd come back.
3	The only reason why my bf and I came here was because it was located in our hotel and we got in for free, so hey why not right?:) I'm a girl and I hate cock-fests....this is exactly what it was tho LOL. There were sooooooooooo many guys there! I felt really uncomfortable around a few of them because it seemed like they were trying to eye-sex you even with your BF around! what the heck! lol. One of them even tried to hit on me when i was holding my bf's hand -____- IDK..i did not have a good time there. the music was not the greatest..I really wasn't feelin it one bit. We left to play blackjack instead with the pussycat dolls:)oh yeah! forgot to tell you guys about the funny incident that happened there! LOL So when my bf and i were dancing, there was a group of girls who were very unladylike right? they were sooo sloppy -___- while they were dancing, one of the girls PURPOSELY kept on pulling down her dress so you could see her nipples! LOL EW! i thought that was hilarious because omg she was so easy..mk :) thats all LOL
5	I am writing this review a year late, but I had to yelp. Phenominal night life experience at Pure. Private table & Guest List a must.
3	This is more like a 2 1/2 star but rounded up.  I have been here many times over the years, but this time 2011 this place on a Saturday night has gotten ghetto.   It is not the same Pure it used to be when it was more exclusive.  I am thinking more tourist and people who could not get in anywhere else and who missed the high point by a few years.So you ask what the hell am I doing here.  Well my wife and I were staying at Caesars and she didn't want to make an effort to go outside the hotel.  Yeh, we are borderline getting old, but like to think of my self as somewhat cool still.Anyways it was Saturday night and they didn't even open up the upstairs area and the crowd was pretty fugly and pathetic.  I guess I just prefer the latest and greatest except my wife of course.
2	Went for a private party, where the main dance floor/club were open.  Great atmosphere, music, drinks.  After the party ended, we were shuffled to the balcony overlooking the strip.  Very cool, until you realized you couldn't sit anywhere unless you paid.  No chairs, no benches, nothing.  I briefly sat on a heater to just rest a minute and was promptly asked by a bouncer to move. Sorry, I'm not interested in dropping lots of money just to sit down for a minute.
3	PuRe oH PuRe... PuRe AwEsomENeSs haHaWe went too early before it even opened and got VIP passes to get in for FREE ** BONUS POINTS**So we got in line around 10:45, and i swear once we got in line the lines grew rapidly it was really fun to watch all these sad people wait in line haha!We got in and THERE IS NO WHERE TO SIT .. typically vegas night club WTF Just cause i dont want to spend six hundred on freakin bottle service i have to stand the entire time BULL SHITPlus there were soo many empty seating areas that this was CRAPThe main dance floor was so compant i swear every move i made i was touching someone in their SPECIAL AREA !! The pussy cat dolls lounge was really small as well, but the show was really cool to watch SeXy BiTchEzZTHEN the upstairs opened! I LOVE dancing so dancing plus cold air was WONDERFUL! I really hate getting sweaty!We danced by the speakers the rest of the night and was protected by out own personal security guard LOL Fun TImes!
3	Pure is okay, it's a bit more of an older crowd from what I've noticed, but can still be fun. There's a cool Grecian theme with lots of flowing white drapery. Last time I was here, the bartender was pregnant... I thought that was interesting. My favorite part of this club is the upstairs part on the rooftop bar. There's a nice view of the strip.
4	after a shitty night at Tao we figured this club couldn't be any worse and hoped for the best....my friend and i get there at 10pm to a super long guest list line.  a man in black asks us if we have guys with us- we say no, and he tells us to wait in the ladies line.  we end up 1st in that line?!?! +1 already.we get in for $10 after some chit chat (no freebies since it's the AVN after party) and immediately hit the bar.  i must have been thirsty as these grateful deads were the best drinks i've had.  the music was a mix of everything from hip hop to 80's mash-ups to top 40, and the dance floor was packed the whole night with everyone from early 20's to late 40's.  i haven't danced for 4 hours straight in a looong time!  the dogs start barking so we wander up to the outdoor patio- what a beautiful panorama of the strip.  we were both speechless (remember we're drunk) and in awe of such a view.all in all we got the incredible night we craved and desperately needed after that Tao fiasco.  everyone was extremely friendly from the door men to the bartenders to the other partiers.  i'll definitely be back!
3	Pure was alot of fun, The line was extremely long, since it was myself and 3 other ladies, we pretty much skipped all of that and had been escorted right in. I was EXTREMELY excited to come here and maybe that's why this place did not meet all of my expectations.The main room only played techno music, and that was really loud and annoying. It was extremely crowded and the crowd was all townies and strange.I had been to Jet and Body English the 2 nights before, at which I had an amazing time and Pure was a bit annoying in comparison.Hey, to each his own.
3	Pure is hit-or-miss. If you can avoid the fucking RIDICULOUS line AND it's not too packed, you might have a good time. Good amount of dancing room downstairs, and a different outdoor-lounge kind of vibe upstairs. Music selection is generally more hip-hop biased downstairs and more house/electronica on the roof, which is good. There are a couple of problems though, which tend to compound and spin out of control pretty quickly... First, as you might have figured by the line outside, it can get really packed. Second, the bouncers seem to exercise little discretion in turning away classless riff-raff; seriously, if the guy shows up with his jeans hanging around his ass and wearing a Raiders or Dodgers jersey, you'd think he wouldn't be let in the club - and you'd be wrong. Third, once these ghetto fucks show up, they usually end up being real shitty company. They'll buy a drink, complain about the price, not tip a dime, then decide to throw the fucking cup with some ice on the floor when they're done. It's as if by having 5 cheapass morons chip in for one admittedly-overpriced $20 drink, they've earned the right to just make a fucking mess like they do in their own homes. And sue me for being awesome, but I dance on that floor and don't want to get my pretty face messy if I slip and land on it Again, as long as things don't all combine for the perfect storm like they have a couple times here, Pure has good potential. It's really up to the crowd whether or not you enjoy your visit.
2	Over-rated and Over-priced! If you are looking to go to a club where all the celebrities party this is good place, but have fun trying to get in (especially if you're a guy, be prepared to pay some serious $$ to get in) and then once you are in be prepared to fight trying to walk 10 feet through a bunch of people because it is so insanely crowded! Drinks are super expensive here as well! My friends and I were able to have breathing room outside but it was all techno music which was ok but not my favorite! The best part about it was we didn't pay any covers to get in, I am not sure if they charge covers to everyone now since I have not been back in a while and not sure if I will go back!
2	Pure is very nicely decorated inside, and they have a HUGE dance floor! But what is up with this place surrounded with creepers by the moment you walk in? I had a group of girls with me, and they were getting attacked like a piece of meat. They were annoyed, and I had to tell one of the guys to back off. Anyways it's an old club now, and this is a 2nd Tier club for me in Vegas.
2	Definitely not one of my favorite clubs in Vegas. The decor is acceptable, but not fantastic. The bouncers weren't the nicest in the world, and cover can be outrageous, even for hot girls. Last time I went, the DJ was alright; but there definitely could have been better music. Overall, it was very crowded, and not the best experience ever. The bar service was also pretty slow. There weren't even that many people at the bar (most were crowding the dance floor) but the bartenders weren't paying much attention to the guests at the club that night. I would recommend trying another club first!
3	I don't know why I went to a club in Vegas, I guess I just wanted to see what the hype was.  Long lines in front of the place, pure chaotic!Inside, nothing special at all - wasn't hoping to get some sort of Vegas exuburance.
4	Dj's suck a big one...drinks expensive but expected for strip.  Venue great, excellent view
2	I will not say I am a big fan of this place just because they make all the people who are actually on the VIP guest list wait in line for hours while all the general admission people kept getting in.  I can understand the logic behind that since guest list people are free before midnight but it was just too ridiculous to not move the line at all.  Finally at 12:02am they started letting the guest list people in but by that time only girls were allowed in free with no cover charge.The place is really not that big but it did have a roof top level which plays house music, the first floor was so packed that it took us about 15 minutes just to get from the front entrance to the bathroom and back to the bar area.  Now that I have been to Pure I can say that I am not looking forward to this club again.
2	I had high expectations coming to pure. Considering it's located at the great caesers palace.  Although it's an older nightclub. It is very much still popular. So why not check it out. I had a friend of mine put us on the guest list which was no problem. Guest list closed roughly about 12am. Not bad. So Me and my group show up around 11:15 or so. First thing I noticed was the wild zoo of a crowd standing outside to get in. Somehow I knew this was going to be a long night. I couldn't understand why there was no standard line. You had general admission, bottle service, and guest list line all in one cattle of a heard outside the venue. Why its this way is beyond me. Anyway I managed to weasel my way thru the unsung crowd of people with my party of three. The bouncers at the front were actually pretty nice. They checked my name on their which was once a clipboard with paper now an iPad. And let us in with five minutes to spare on the guest list. I was so close to greasing these guys. I wasn't about to let me and my group pay cover. Upon entering we hit the bar. I order two margaritas, two la waters, and two cranberry vodkas. A hefty 90$. With tip of course. No biggie. It was pretty crowded this being Friday night. The decor is nice but very mediocre. Venue is also kinda small. But the outside was pretty neat. With a nice view of the strip. Music was so so. An ok mix of hip hop,top 40 and electro. The crowd here was really boring. I'd say there was five guys per girl which is unacceptable. Especially in a Vegas nightclub. Most of the good-looking people all had booths with bottle service. No joke. And I'd say more than half the people here were well over 40. Kinda depressing. Me and my group ended up leaving before 2am. It was that boring there. This place really needs to step up their game. There are way to many other clubs to check out before this one. I probably won't be coming here unless I'm getting bottle service or something. So hey at least I was able to get my and my group in free. Which is always a good thing.
3	I was stuck in my hotel room at Caesar's Palace alone and decided to check out "the best nightclub in Vegas." There was a ridiculously long line and then the VIP line (which had about 5 people in it). I didn't have any VIP pass of any kind, but they just let me in anyway.The bars were too crowded to get a drink. The area for bottle service was tiny, and it was so packed that you could barely move. I was there on a weekend, so maybe my experience would have been better on some random Tuesday night (or if I showed up earlier with friends and got bottle service).A lot of times, I go to clubs and it's the same music over and over again with mediocre DJs. The DJ playing that night was actually fantastic, but as I mentioned before, the place was so packed lke LA traffic, I couldn't really dance.I had a couple of random guys who tried to touch me uninvited, but a couple of nice guys too. With how packed it was, it was pretty difficult to socialize. The interior was beautiful, and the dance floor was brightly lit, which I liked. Although there were good qualities about the club, it pretty much got canceled out by the amount of people there, so it ended up just being okay. I ended leaving the club not long after I arrived, and went to a nice lounge in the hotel.
3	Get yourself a 7&7 and go up to the top.
2	i hate this place. but i always seem to end up here every trip, so they must be doing something right.
1	Worst club ever. Walk past this spot and get yourself to Tao or XS for a few bucks more.Went on a SUNDAY (DEAD) and was free cover (apparently by the security guy at the entrance). The guy checking id claims its 20$ entry when the first guy is like 20 steps away. Gf's id gets denied and they tell her to bring another form of id like a credit card for proof. Walk all the way to the venetian, get 2 cc's and a school id. We get in without a glitch, then realizes its the same girl and says no entry...he wouldnt even look at the other id THE SAME GUY told us to bring back 15 minutes earlier. Avoid this spot like the hooker cards everywhere. Their wack Beasty Boys 80s-90s playlist and powertrippin bouncers is not worth it.
4	AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHhahahahahahahhahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahahmmmm...okay, so there are creepers GALORE in here but it's Vegas, so come on give the place a break.  Not to sound like I get around or anything, but I have been to quite a few LV clubs and this one is pretty good.  It has a nice big dance floor and does exactly what it is supposed to do... sell you drinks and get you dancing.If you're female, you get deals at PURE where you can get in fro way cheap, or you get a VIP wristband, etc. just find a promoter in the area to hook you up, and guys... let;s face it, you're screwed (and not in the way you were hoping) no matter where you go--where it's $30 for women to get in the front of a line, admitted into the club and receive free drinks until midnight, it will cost you $50...and you have to buy everything else.  This particular venue is for people who like crowds and enjoy dancing; also if you're looking for easy women and WAY easier men, this is the place to go.  I like the way it is set up, the decor and the music (because I love to dance), but it can get REALLY loud.
2	Uhh... came here on a Thursday night and what an awkward Thursday night it was.At least our group of about 9 guys all got in free, somehow? Promoter probably put us on guestlist but I don't really remember.Let me say, this was my first night in Vegas EVER and first club in Vegas EVER, and it was a sad experience.The club itself was just full of a "dead vibe" where you feel like nobody was excited to be out. The only area of the club that was open was the outdoor patio upstairs. So you would have to try and venture through the crowd of older people, composing of cougars and manthers to find some socialization. Only one bar open which was extremely overwhelmed as you can figure.... really disappointed and haven't returned since!
3	Um, Where is the LINE!?!? My friend and I came 20 minutes early (opens at 1030) and were excited that we were on the VIP list, so we can skip the line. Buuut wait a minute. What line!?! One of the bouncers checked us in with his niffty ipad, but also checked people all around us too. We were all standing in no particular singular line, but rather a huge mob crowd surround the area. Even people who were standing around us, came up to me to ask me if I knew where the line was. No line(s) were apparent. I've never seen so much disorganization! Therefore, what was the point of a VIP/GA list!? Plus, when they started to let people in, it was a mix of confusion as were were standing in front, but somehow people came from no where were able to squeeze their way over. Anyhow, luckily we were standing in front, so we pestered one of the bouncers and he kindly led the way for us. I love how Pure is very classic--with white couches/walls enhanced by deep blue lights. Gives it a different atmosphere than XS for example. The dance floor on the first floor was somewhat small, but it was popping! The DJ played mostly hip hop/pop/today's hits, while upstairs (MUST CHECK OUT!) was my favorite. An open air space rooftop overlooking the strip. However, up here the DJ plays only house music. There wasn't as much (or any) people dancing to house, but I still enjoyed it and the fresh air. Also, you are bound to meet someone to dance with. Guys creep up out out of nowhere, so be aware.Drinks were not strong at all, and was expensive. Plus, those tiny Fiji water bottles? $7. What the...!? (Yes, even though it's Vegas that's still ridiculous). I would give it another star if it wasn't for the messy disorganization of the lines and getting in. Overall, it was a party downstairs, and a beautiful view upstairs. Would recommend at least checking it out once.
3	August 2010:This place is huge.  My sister and I were able to get in with no cover.  It was an early Tuesday night so the place wasn't as packed as I would've liked it to be so I wouldn't feel retarded dancing on an empty dance floor.   The venue was really large and separated into different rooms for those who've had reservations for table service.  There were small, tall tabletops littered around the dance floor to hang around and put your drinks down.  They were claimed by people pretty quickly, so I'd suggest you haul ass and claim one if you can't afford to reserve a table.  It wouldn't make the situation any better since there weren't any chairs to ease your aching feet.The dance floor was relatively big and filled up quickly.  The lighting was pretty great; you'll have your soft hues of white, pink and whatnot.  I really liked the white theme the lights gave to the venue.  Clean and crisp.The music was bumpin'!  Great vibe going on throughout the club so I enjoyed that a lot.Drinks here were watered down (typical in any Vegas nightclub)  and pricey so I couldn't get a nice buzz going throughout the night. My sister and I were able to stumble up a flight of stairs to the balcony/patio area.  There was a bar in the middle of everything and  reserved tables situated along the perimeter of the area.  There was a great view overlooking the strip from up here, but other than that, nothing special.  The bouncers in the club are quite forward.  Blech.It's an okay place.   I had fun.
2	This is the place. If you're Paris Hilton circa 2004.That would make you think I would like this venue. Nah.
3	This club is only good on Saturdays. This review is for FRIDAY and YES depending on the day that you go there is a HUGE difference. Was in Vegas over the weekend and my sister was DYING to go to PURE. I think its becuase on our past trips to Vegas PURE was the BEST but only SAT nights. We had some good times here and there is usually some great eye candy.  This time we decided to try out their Friday night. It was an awesome SKY deck that overlooked the strip. I'd give the scenery 5 stars but 3 stars for the overall environment. It was a friggin SAUSAGE fest...they must have let dudes in for free. More guys then girls by far but not very good eye candy for the lookin' lady. Kinda gross creeper lookin dudes. I'd stay away. We left after 20 min as it was very difficult to even get a drink--only one huge very crowded bar in their outdoor area. Thier indoor section was closed but is much better bar service and very cool decor..very miami lookin.
2	Pure, purely sucks.  The drinks were overpriced and half of the club was roped off and outside was closed as well.
4	My favorite club in Vegas! They play the kind of music you can sing and dance to all night...and that is my kind of clubbing.The decor is simple and classic (white furniture, curtains, etc.). There's also a rooftop level you can escape to whenever the main floor gets too crowded and hot. Up on the roof, you'll find a breath of fresh air and a lovely view of Vegas. If you splurge, you can get one of the cabanas up on the roof.Pure also has regular performances here. I've seen Ginuwine and New Boyz perform, and both times I didn't have to pay cover. Just AWESOME. Even with all the new clubs that pop up in Vegas, Pure, so far, wins, hands-down.
3	Didn't really see much of the inside except that it was super packed! Went straight up to the roof. Beautiful view of the strip. Most of it is for VIP's with couches and cabanas... I'm pretty sure there were some people getting lucky in them, but I tried not to look... It was more of a laid back/hang out setting, lots of techno music which isn't really my thing. For two beers it was $18, not too bad... I love beer.
2	Not that impressed. Like others have said, there is a huge difference in the crowd for different days. The place is definitely packed, which makes it very difficult to get a drink. I counted about 20-25 minutes, one one of the nights, to get a bottle of water. They definitely need more help manning the bar.The location is very nice, atop the roof on one of the lower Caesar's palace decks. Inside is "whitely" decorated with plush lounge seats.For a Vegas club, I'm just not impressed. It's just another club with loud thumping music, plenty of girls, and over-long lines at the bar.
1	This place is washed up, time to retire.
4	I'll preface this by saying that I had a four-star time most likely because we had a VIP table and because I was with the most awesome people ever. With that said, my experience here was pretty awesome.We got a VIP table on the main floor and Brad, the host was really cool hooking us up with a great deal and our own bouncer, Bruce, who was really awesome and was apparently a retired software engineer - what? He watched out for the girls all night, let us up onto the main stage, and even opened up a super secret private bathroom for me and my friend when we had to go but didn't want to wait in line! Love!The main floor layout wasn't that great, but honestly the party was poppin' later in the evening and the music was good. It wasn't as snotty as some of the newer clubs like XS or Tryst, but I was quite all right with that! The dance floor was also pretty spacious but got crowded (as in any other club) later at night.  Granted our booth was a little small for 25 people, they were pretty cool about letting me out to bring in friends who arrived late so that was a plus!The bottle service is okay, but seriously unless you keep ordering drinks, the service kinda dies down with a quickness. Beware of those hot ass waitresses who come and fill your drinks because all they want you to do is drink and order more bottles - around 500 or so per bottle. The "all you can drink" water and mixers stop after you stop ordering alcohol, so don't be fooled thinking you'll get full service all night...it's all about the business. The only thing that I really didn't like about my experience was finding out later that some of the other bouncers refused my friend entrance into the men's bathroom (he's a guy). WHAT? Okay, seriously, someone needs to go to the bathroom, granted he's probably been drinking, but who does that. EW x 3000000! If I had known, I would have said something to our personal bouncer, but whatever.Still ew on that!The roof, as Cynthia C. mentioned is pretty epic - and if you can afford a Cabana up there, I'd say its totally worth it. The roof got really crowded later at night though, and there were some "handsy" fools up there. Ladies BEWARE! All in all a great club experience for me in Vegas!
4	Pure is a fun nightclub. Getting in is just the hard part. The line, or lack thereof because everyone just crowded around the entrance, was super long. You had to fight to get to the front since no one there knows how to stand in line. Once you in, then the fun begins. My friends and I got bottle service here and had it outside. It was nice and our tender was cool too...although I don't really remember seeing her much. The DJ was great and played good music to dance to.
2	Huh.Not impressed.Place was not that busy the night we went, but there were sure a lot of bouncer-y looking guys standing around with their earpieces.  Place is over the top, as are many things in Vegas.   Was nice that top floor was open (outside).Overall?                     *** not worth the cover... ***
4	One the most happening nightspots in Vegas. I always hit this place up - Guestlist is highly recommended. I like the outdoor patio over looking the mid Vegas strip.
3	I spent maybe 30 mins here bc it was the end of the night and my friend was pooped, I on the other was ready to party my ass off it is VEGAS after all. The set-up is kind of weird, but I got my groove on and thats all that matters. The music was good and I liked how the diff areas had diff music. IDK if I would go back, but overall I had a good time.
2	I hadn't been to Pure in so many years but then I went a few weeks ago.  It's still huge and a nicely decorated club with 3 rooms plus an outdoor patio that loverlooks the strip.  I really liked the music inside the white room because it was hip hop.  Out on the patio was mostly House.  Our bottle service waitress was really unattentive.
4	I'm not a nightclub person and bottle service to me is a squandering of your checking account. So when my husband's friends from London were coming down for a wedding (with a group of 25 people) and asked him to get them bottle service at a nice place, I was forced to partake in these shenanigans. After calling a few clubs (Tao, Vanity, Lavo), my husband settled on Pure for the night. We settled on Pure because they gave us the most reasonable quote, actually got back to our emails and texts and seemed the least douche-baggy. Our bill included cover for 25 people (mix of women and men), 4 bottles of vodka, 2 cabanas, mixers (except Red Bull for which there is a separate charge) and a dedicated cocktail waitress the entire night. All this for what I thought was a very reasonable price (for the bottle service scene). More importantly, the reason why I was surprised by Pure was that their staff was actually nice. No one was trying to act like they owned Las Vegas or they were part of the nightclub mob. Everyone was treated respectfully and all the staff were very accommodating and helpful. There was also no sticker shocks and additional charges added to our bill at the end of the night. Of course, Pure is a beautiful club. The top floor (outdoors) has an amazing view of the entire Strip making the night a truly Vegas type of experience. The rest of the club is plush and opulent with white couches and chandeliers and dark corridors. I know that there are newer and grander clubs in Las Vegas. Pure is the only one I've been to where the service has been palatable. That's saying a lot in a town where people at nightclubs take liberties at being Class A jerks. Pure was a pleasant surprise!
5	Back when I went (over a year ago,) Pure was excellent.  The white room, the rooftop, the Pussy Cat Doll lounge were all great.  The drinks were pricey obviously, but the music and crowd were good.  Cream of the crop!I've heard its kind of given way to the newer clubs.  My friend who used to love this place doesn't want to go on our next trip.  If that's true, too bad, but it was a great time when I came.
5	Pure is awesome, i think it much worth than Tryst.although Tyrst has amazing waterfall in it, but the dancing floor is too crowed and people there..kind of not that young.we got free vip admission to both pure and tryst, tyrst has too many tables and music on that saturday night was not that good. we went to pure on friday night, it has awesome roof top opening area, very comfortable and great skywalk. and they a lot of good looking guys that night. and most exciting thing is that they had mike posner that night!!!!love pure, definitely will go there next time.
5	Pure is pure fun!  Super friendly bartenders, great crowd, and multiple rooms for all your moods.  The White Room obviously gets packed but that is part of the fun.
5	LOVE! Great staff, cool vibe, good lookin cats and probably had the best Vegas DJ spinnin the night I went. DJ Casanova! We had a table on the rooftop and were taken care of very well. Security guards were very nice and the waitress was cute. I'll be coming back here every time I come to Vegas :)
3	I'm not usually one to be out at a club on a Tuesday night, but when in Vegas, right? We had a really fun time, but like one of my colleagues said, there's only one way to do Vegas...throw a lot of money at it. To me, bottle service with a reserved table (so we could comfortably take breaks between hitting the dance floor) and not having to wait in line is what made this the evening that it was. And no waits at the bar/weak drinks either. The dance floor was crowded and they were playing every song that makes you want to move. There were plenty of spilled drinks and my shoes are a bit of a mess, but such is life. This is not something I would do if I felt like I had to wait to get in, pay cover, and fight to get drinks.
3	Argh... Like most clubs in Vegas, there's always a line. *sigh* Since I usually party in Vegas with a large group of girls, we normally don't have a problem getting access to the clubs. But for this particular occasion, we were in a mixed group with a 2-1 ratio. Yea... since we had guys with us, we had to stand in line FOREVER. The guys finally got fed up with standing in line, and gave the bouncer some $ to get in. Whatever... Venue is huge. I spent most of my time at the main dance floor, but made my way toward the PCD Lounge later in the night. Overall, it was a fun evening... Nice big venue with lots of area to explore.
1	Let's be honest... If you're not an attractive woman go to Pure. They let any woman in no matter how unattractive she is... FAIL!!!Pure is one of the worst clubs I've been to in Vegas. I'm not talking about the music, it's the normal Top 40/Techno with just a bit of hip hop mixed in once and hour. My problem with Pure is who they let in. Pure always has more males than females, which isn't abnormal, but how unattractive the females are is ridiculous.Don't ask me to stand in line and then pay $30 when you let every female in for free no matter how unattractive they are... #EPIC FAILThe rooftop has a great view, too bad no one inside is worth looking at.
2	The club itself is very nice. Lovely decor and great rooftop bar area. For me though its all about the music which this place didn't have. If you like Lady Gaga this place is for you. Personally I thought the music was awful.Also don't forget to bring some lube wiv you as you will get bent over when buying drinks. I paid $60 for 4 tiny drinks. My advice would be get slaughtered before going here and save yourself coin.There are better clubs on the Strip..
3	I finally had the opportunity to visit Pure this year after a long time of wanting to check it out.  Honestly, I did not know how to rate Pure.  I wish there was a 1/2 star option so that I could just put it right in the middle.  My experience had both positive and negative aspects.  So with that, I will do what I can to list them out.Positive: Got in right away at like 1am to meet up with my friend's table service.Positive: Nice layout on the rooftop area.Positive: Really cool security guy who went up to the rooftop area after it closed (at 2 am Lame) to grab my jacket because I left it at my friend's table.Negative: The rooftop area closes at 2am? Really, you couldn't stay open until the end of the night? Weak.Negative: Music is gear towards an older crowd.  It isn't bad, but it definitely feels like oldies = goodies night.Negative: As with the music, the crowd is a bit older.  I am not hating on the old folk, it just isn't my scene to be clubbing with older (40+) folks.  It feels too much like running into my parents or aunts/uncles at a club... and that weirds me out.Negative: Main floor layout is not as wide open as it could be.  Too many roped off areas and raised cabanas/tables really restricts the flow and feel of the place.If you are looking for the Vegas experience, I would recommend going elsewhere (like XS or Marquee).  If you are down for some old school music, come to Pure.  Overall, not impressed but not disappointed.
2	Was not impressed. It was crowded with ugly people, got in after an hour wait because everyone is "on the list". Can't believe people pay $40 to walk in. I understand that these places are expensive, but really $10 for a bottle of heineken? The crowd was NOT good looking, good looking people were few and far in between...which is odd since walking the strip you see tons of great looking people... they are not picky on who they let in...there were some dirty old guy downstairs at a VIP table with his hand literally up some chicks skirt and he kept looking around like saying "hey look at me I can afford a hooker and VIP table...someone get me my medemucil!" it was funny, yet gross. I have been to so many better clubs/bars in L.A.. not going back to this one.
2	The club was nice, they had a red carpet walkway, kinda gave you that superstar feel and it was easy to get a drink at the bar so no complaints there! I like how the club had a rooftop dance floor. You're able to see the pretty lights on the strip.The club was pretty crackin', because Chris Brown was performing that night! I wouldn't mind coming here again i had a good time vibing to the old school mainstream. I have to add that the water was $9.00 for a bottle so that was a minus on my end! Wtf water for 9.00 really!?!!
2	When whoever writes Ke$ha's songs wrote the lyrics for Take It Off ("There's a place down town where the freaks all come around"), I'm sure they were writing about Pure.  After waiting in line for almost two hours, my friends and I got into Pure for free using those little VIP passes they hand out around the casino.  The place was so packed we could barely move.  Upon entering, we spotted this doped up cougar lady in a skimpy top and tight pants dancing alone.  We thought she was pretty gross but kind of entertaining.  A while later we saw her again.  Only this time, her boobs were hanging out of her top and some man was licking her nipples.  Looks like Pure really lives up to its name!
3	MDW, started at Tryst, but they were charging guys $100 to get in. The guys did not want to do that...so we went to Pure, where one of our friends said he could get us in for free.I've been to Pure two other times...let me re-phrase that, I've stood outside of Pure two other times. Both times, all I've witnessed was a large crowd of people. No sectioned off lines, just large masses of people. Okay, well the last time I came to this club was in 2006, so obviously nothing has changed.Anyways, back to present day. There were 8 in our group. We waited about 45 minutes. 5 people from our group got impatient and decided to leave and walk the strip. As soon as they walked away, the three of us remaining got in. Okay, so we had to wait another 10 minutes while people whined and complained about how much cover was. But all three of us were comped, so I didn't complain.We got inside and the first thing we did was head to the bar. One kamikaze shot and one long island, $24. I should have just gotten two long islands since they were only $3 more expensive than the shot.I understand that it's one of the busiest weekends of the year in Vegas. I understand that it's going to be crowded. We made the best of the evening, even met a couple nice girls who were trying to avoid the creepers just as much as we were. Apple from the Black Eyed Peas was spinning, so that was pretty legit. Since I didn't have to pay...I gave it another star than I would have. I probably would have been pissed off if I had to pay to get into this place. You can tell it's an older club...they don't enforce dress code as strictly as some of the newer clubs. There were a lot of dudes up in there. And it still amazes me that they don't rope off sections so that people stand in a "line". It would drive me crazy to just have a crowd of people standing around with no rhyme or reason, if I had to work there. They've been doing the same thing forever now, I just don't understand why they wouldn't make it more organized...it would probably make all of the bouncers/vip hosts/cashiers lives much easier. But whatever, they must have reasoning for it. Another Vegas club I can "check off" of my been there-done that list.
4	This review is based solely on our VIP experience...Which was amaaazing!!!  We were there for our friends' bachelorette party and we had seating at the outside VIP area.  We had a GREAT view of the strip and we weren't right by the bathroom or the door to get back inside so there wasn't a ton of foot traffic blocking our way.  Our server (forgot her name this yelp review is lonnng overdue lol) was great, you can tell she has been dealing with crazy situations like the outside VIP section for a while lol.  She came to our table frequently and always made sure our drinks were filled.  Her busser/assistant/runner kept our mixers filled allll the time!  He was a little energizer bunny!  Everytime we'd even get close to half full, he was running over and refilling our mixers.  And our bouncer!  We had a bodyguard bouncer guy and he was on it too!  It didn't matter where we were, if we were at the bar or just in our section he was always checking up on us or running off creepsters trying to join our party.  (Geah I wish I remembered these people's names!)The line for the bathroom was long at times but it moved fast since they didn't have any douches monitoring the door *coughchateaucough*.Minus a star cuz the outside DJ was just eh.  Really not that great.  The inside DJ was MUCH better.  Overall though GREAT experience!
4	How is it that I remembered how much I loved this nightclub?!  That Fat Tuesday definitely got me plus a few other drinks in-house... which left me alone in the hotel bathroom the rest of the night.  There was a long line to get in, but it didn't take that long to get to the front.  Once inside, the place is packed, yet we somehow made it to the rooftop where we were hanging out at what seemed to be our very own table over looking the Vegas Strip.  ... Fun times.  Though it was crowded the night we went, the people weren't rude & I didn't see anything crazy or over the top.  Then again... I remember what I want to remember.  I can't wait to get my chance to go back & experience it all again.
2	It's probably best I declare something before I carry on typing... I'm not a great fan of clubs. Whether on holiday, or at home - I've never had  "the best night of my life" at a place like Pure.All signs looked like it'd be a good night - friends had been to Pure, and loved it, we'd read good reviews, and we'd already had our names on the guest list thanks to a girl who worked at one of Caesar's Palaces' bars. But from the moment we got there, we knew we weren't going to have a great night. Generic, dance music played in every room we walked through. Gloomy looking bar staff giving lousy service. Letchy boys and stroppy girls. The views of the strip from the roof top were a high light, and the people we spoke to made the night but definitely not the best night in Vegas. Something we learnt that night - don't try too hard to have a good time in Vegas, the good times will find you when you least expect them.
4	I strongly believe that clubs are only as fun as you make it to be.  Pure is the 2nd club I have ever visited in Vegas and I had a great time!!  Club is located right next to the Poker rooms at Caesar's Palace.  Entrance Fee:  FREE!!  We were walking around the Casino at Caesar's Palace earlier on in the day and a club promoter gave us tickets.  All girls in our group got in for free and the guys paid about $20  (not bad considering all other clubs on Memorial weekend was charging up the butt for entrance fees.  Marquee @ Cosmopolitan was charging $50 for girls and $100 for guys...yeah..i don't think so).Drinks:  Umm...holy cow...if they didn't get you in the entrance fee, they will get you with the drinks!!  For 3 shots, I paid $48...what?!  Yeah...minus 1 star for that.  However, bartenders are nice here!Club Ambiance:  Loved the white theme and lighting in here.  My friends and I also loved the music!!  There is great energy here and my gfs and I did not want to leave the dance floor.  This place does get crowded though...by 1 am, you start to get pushed and feel like cattle being herded.  Watch out for drinks spilling too!  We had to call it a night by 1:30am- there was just TOO many people in here.Overall:  Loved that we got in for free, loved the vibe and enjoyed this club MUCH better than Tao...I may come back!! :)
1	Yea it's a beautiful place and I do appreciate that there is an outside patio also. However...I had the worse experience here.  Me and my girlfriend went alone and immediately the owner escorted us in- surpassing the lines- so yea- we were thinking  "Hot damn, we just got in, no qualms about it"... so  anyway- he takes us to VIP.  VIP consists of rich old hairy overbearing married men who wanna get fresh with woman half their age while wifey thinks they're out on business. The owner made sure we were given unlimited refills on our watery vodka-cranberries and then proceeded to tell us  "DANCE"- as in- entertain the chauvinists! They tried to grab at us and told my friend to give them  'head'- I'm sorry I'm trying to keep this as PG as possible. Don't go here unless you're in a big group. Otherwise- the music sucks, the people are unattractive, overbearing, and old, and well  I don't need to say much more. It's not a safe place to be, nor is it the least bit 'fun'. Vegas is supposed to be fun right?
1	If I had sum up Club Pure in one word, the word would be dingygizzbucket. The good news is that I can use way more than one word, so here goes: We came up on this place because one of their promoters told us we could get free entrance for our party consisting of a whole grip of hot females and a few well dressed guys with their pockets all swol with benjamins. You would think that this would get an easy in, but these "bouncers" thought it would be a good idea to hold a line outside of an empty club for two hours. (I put quotes around the word bouncer, because the only thing these weaklings could bounce, is their pay check at Walmart. Anyways, we finally make it in, and what what we witnessed next was like a tailor made personal hell. The the entry room had some seriously blown speakers pumping old chumba womba remixes. With a solitary obese woman in the middle of the room wearing a sequin moo moo and doing a bastardized version of the macarena. We were in no mood for that bull so we went to the bar for a drink. When I approached the bar I saw a slim woman with her back faced to the patrons. I thought to myself at least the bartenders are cute. I ordered a bucket of Zimas and when she looked up I was horrified to realize she was both cross eyed and harelipped. We fought through the shock and and finished our beverages politely. The cherry on top of this sh@t sundae was the bathroom. First thing that I noticed was a fat turd in the urinal. It really blew my mind since the bathroom attendant was just sitting there laughing and pointing at it.(he seemed a little slow) I checked every stall but they were all clogged and spilling diarrhea onto the floor. I asked the attendant if I could pee in a drain on the floor and he said only if I paid him 10 bucks so I did(I really had to go). The bathroom sink was so nasty that I decided against washing my hands because I figured they'd be cleaner that way. When I got out, the girls begged me to go to another club so we went to Tryst and it was really fun. The end
2	Got a table and that gangster'd up the eve, but overall just meh. The terrace was the only thing open the night we went, and no one was dancing on the dance floor. What? Why? Dunno. This was fine, we partied at our table, but when we tried to invite some others in to help finish our bottle (uhhh it was 5 of us, all small girls - a bottle is a lot for us to finish, don't judge) the bouncers tried to tell us we weren't aloud. Um no, we paid a ridiculous amount for this table and if we want to invite people in, we damn well better be able to. We had an awesome time because we will pretty much have an awesome time where ever we go, but again, bouncers are d-bags. If we hadn't have had a table we'd have been in and out and ready to move on with our eve!
2	I wanted to enjoy pure but it was disappointing from the beginning. We waited for over an hour to get in even though my group had 6 females and 3 guys. They complained of the ratio EVEN though they kept marching in hordes of guys. Inside the club I would see at least 5 guys for every girl that walked by. The floor was sticky and the bartenders and staff were slow and unfriendly. The only good things about Pure was the roof lounge and the fact I made $50 in cash from some "high roller" in the VIP making it "rain" dollar bills throughout the night. I would never pay to get into this club but at least I made $50.
1	Went to Vegas, and just by walking OUTSIDE Caesar's, the bass from Pure gave me a headache. i really hate this place!
4	This place was bangin' last weekend... I enjoyed my self despite being in a wasted state of mind.  The crowd was dressed very fresh, thanks in part to a modestly enforced dress code, a good age range (early 20's to early 30's) from what I could tell and the bottle service to moderately priced.Our 'guard' Bruce was on point all night, made sure no one went near our bottles and was readily available to take pictures of us whenever the camera was out. We did have to wait in line for about 20 minutes, which sucked considering we had a table and service reserved.  I enjoyed the fact that there is an unpstairs outdoors dance floor, though there was really no room to dance.  It did provide a good view though.I'm definitely going back, except next time I want a table outside on the second floor!
4	I was in LV for a bachelor party, and we had a group of 10 guys.  Naturally as anyone that knows anything about going to a club that has some semblance of selectivity you aren't going to get 10 dudes in anywhere without getting bottle service.  Also if you have a party of 5 or more it just makes sense because bottles end up cheaper than paying $20 a pop for drinks.  The staff was amazing and very professional.  We ordered 3 bottles for the price of 2.  The bouncer took care of us like we were rock stars.  If anyone put a drink on our shelf or got too close that we did not want in, they were gone without even asking.  Conversely if we wanted anyone to come in, he went over and escorted them in.  Very nice.  We easily polished off the 3 bottles and then our hostess offered me 2 for 1.  Again everything up front she even gave me a receipt before hand with the full total with all charges and I wrangled up the cash from everyone.   Service was transparent, it just seemed that nothing ever went empty.Crowd was very nice and a good mixture.  They will not let you in poorly dressed even if you got a table.  Music was pop mashup which is not really my favorite but gets the crowd going.  So yeah with the normal complaints from people who can't get in as a group of guys etc... This is true with any decent club, you need to know that. I am from NY and it is even worse. If you are a group of decent girls you will get right in and if you are a group of very attractive girls they will give you a free table etc.
5	Pure is probably my favorite club in vegas and thats saying a lot. Very upscale classy bomb etc etc LOL. the crowd was upscale the atmosphere was amazing the design and couches was outstanding. the bouncers were nice. the problem maybe trying to get in the line was unbelievable like a celeb was in there ;-/ but lucky me and my girls was with a guy friend we met in vegas because we got right in!!! the music was pretty good and the rooftop was very upscale and the crowd seem stuck up on the rooftop so we went back down to vip and met some guys who ask to sit at their tables ;) this is why i love vegas and will recommend Pure to everyone!!! dress up ladies!
1	Pure. Pure filth. The PURE stands for putrid underwhelming raping establishment (the raping, by the way, is in reference to the prices). A pretty lame club with bad music, a staff that should be replaced entirely, and no clear indication of which of the 800 lines you need to be standing in. Go to Moon at the Palms instead. I hear it's incredible.
3	got in free before 12am one wkend - the club is smaller than i expected like the dancefloor which is weird & crowded at times and hot lol theres other VIP rooms but the decor is nice
4	Every time I come here I have a good time.   They seem to have more nooks and crannies where a girl can rest her tired feet in between Pit Bull songs.  Drink prices are standard for Vegas.  If you have boobies you shouldn't be paying to get into PURE.  I love the indoor-outdoor aspect, it's a great way to save your hairdo by chilling outside.
4	I'm a bit confused by the reviews saying this place is outside. It definitely looked like it was inside to me?? We got bottle service here which was AMAZING. If we had not we would have had to hang out on the crowded dance floor with the common people :-PThe dance floor did smell like vomit though, so we chose to spend most of our time at our special VIP table with our bottles of grey goose and drinkies. I do have a suggestion, though, the VIP section gave us a stamp on our wrist that the bouncer would check when we would leave for the bathroom, dance floor, etc. Boyfriend's stamp sweated off (gross) and there was a point when they almost didn't let him back in. Lame. I suggest using wrist bands or something else sweat proof as a VIP indicator. Thanks guys!
1	Seriously, of all the places I go I think this place is just a waste of time, and I'm a local so I know we're pretty critical about where we go. First off, the line isn't even a line. People push, shove, yell, shout, and cheat they're way through. The wait is like 3 hours long, and the bouncers are just ssssooooo rude. I don't blame them, but I've met friendlier people. On top of that, we were on guest list. So we waited an hour. The bouncer split our group in half. Girls had to go in first, and then the guys. So we had to wait an extra 1 for them. The place is nice with a nice second floor with a view, and their music selection is pretty good too. The place is just so compact considering the volume of people that go in there. There is absolutely no room to dance in the main floor unless you go to the pussy cat lounge. The wait to get a drink is endless too. You'll waste your time and a good experience because you spend half the night just waiting. By the time you go in you've lost your appetites for fun. I try to avoid that place as much as possible. Oh, AND! They only let the really pretty girls with fake boobs, and long legs in first, and give them VIP treatment. Hmph.
2	Came here a Thursday night with my friends. Not popping at all. It was dead! Only the rooftop was open and the main area was closed down. However, we did get in for free. If we would've paid, I'd be so sad. Instead I spent that money gambling, which I eventually lost...
2	I honestly believe that clubs are only fun and enjoyable if YOU make it that way. With that being said, Pure sucks, but my girlfriends and I managed to make it fun and enjoyable for us.We knew one of the promoters, so we got in for free. I think that's the ONLY good thing about that night. Sad, I know.Let's list out some of the reasons why Pure was a huge disappointment.1. The bouncers are beyond rude (more than usual). 2. I don't get it, why did we have to wait in line when we were on the guestlist? Someone please enlighten me.3. There was no room to even breathe on the first floor, let alone dance -_-4. The crowd is a lot older than I had anticipated.5. Pure attracts MORE creepers than other clubs I've been to. I seriously felt like I was being raped by this one perv on the dance floor.Pure, it was nice knowing ya, but let's just end it here. Don't want to come back to you ever again.
4	Aw why does this place only have 3 stars? I'd like to bring that up a bit.I always have a good time at Pure. I like dancing to hip hop more than house so I like coming back here rather than hitting up the newer ones that everyone goes to to stay trendy.I think having fun has more to do with the people you are with than the venue you go to, so that being said, I've been here 4 times and they've never given me a reason not to come back.
2	Don't go on a Thursday night! They only open up the rooftop portion of the club and unless you are doing bottle service you'll be corralled into the center of the patio at least 15 ft away from the railing where all the good Vegas and people watching views are.  I was very disappointed with this club. I thought this was Vegas. Nightlife is suppose to be their thing. I've been to better clubs (even on a Thursday night) in Austin. The XS nightclub on a Friday night is ten times better. Don't even waste your time on Pure unless you can get in free on a Saturday night.
2	Luckily we got in here for free otherwise I'd be reaaally disappointed. The staff is super nice and friendly but the music is... horrendous. Granted, we only went for the last hour but, from my experience, the last hour is usually the best. I was expecting Top 40/Hip Hop and it was all House music. I like basshunter, Benni Benasi and all that, but this was all beat, no lyrics. It got old after about ten minutes. So sad.
4	Pros:- Nice place- Decent music- Great view on the rooftop level- Nice decor- Certain nights are particularly inexpensive to goCons:- Occasionally a douchey promoter will attempt to sell you on VIP access that isn't worth the price they're asking for.- Expensive drinks (what else is new in Vegas)- Potentially long lineI went during their industry night with some friends and the bouncers couldn't have been nicer folks. Drinks were a bit overpriced and I had a good time. I like how they sifted out some tag-a-longs who were trying to get into a VIP group when they didn't belong. All in all, a good time was had, and it was a brilliant start to the trip. Also, the dance floor was definitely not as crowded as a can of sardines, which may be a good or bad thing.
1	What a joke.....the only part of the club that was open on Thurs was the outdoor bar.   Too bad the temp was 105.  Not too nice when there is nowhere to sit either.   I'll be skipping this lame club next time we go to Vegas.The bartender declined our card as well, found out later that nothing was wrong with it.  Scared us into thinking that the bank had frozen our account due to fraud.
4	No matter how many times I've been here, I always have a good time at Pure. While walking around the Forum Shops I decided to stop by and get my friends and I on the guestlist for Saturday night.We walked over from Vdara and lined up around 10. The line filled up quick and we were let in as soon as they opened, no charge.The music is always on point, it nevers gets TOO crowded, and theres usually a lot of beautiful people. Thats why I always make an effort to stop by every Vegas trip.
5	This review is for Tuesday Industry NightThe line was not short, but was not chaotic like most nights out in Vegas. If you are a chick and you get into the line, the bouncer will remove you and escort you up to the front which is nice of them. The music was the freaking best ever and the entire crowd was sexy. Every body was dancing and having fun, it wasn't crazy packed like it probably is on a weekend. There was room to roam around and be drunk and come back and still  find your friends.
3	I've been to multiple clubs in Vegas, and Pure isn't one of my favorites (it's towards the end of my list, along with TAO). The wait wasn't a problem since we were on the promoter's guest list. Guys and girls all got in free, but no free drink tickets like other places give (and no open bar for girls before 11:30 either).The actual venue is a small dance floor on the 1st floor with bottle service scattered around. This is PACKED. And the bathroom is inconveniently located in the back left corner, so you have to walk through the dance floor to get to it. When I went, I think someone threw up on the dance floor cause a horrible stench lingered around one area... gross. If you go upstairs (stairs or elevator), there's a rooftop which is pretty cool. There's also a set of bathrooms up here. It's nicer up here cause it's not as crowded, so more cool. There's another bar up here and more bottle service scattered around.If you need a water, they're gonna charge you $8 for one. You can usually get a really small free water cup if you are persistent enough and look like you really need one, but otherwise, be prepared to shell up money for one.The music was pretty good, though the upstairs and downstairs were playing basically the same type. It would have been nice if they switched it up on one of the floors. I probably wouldn't come here again.
3	Got in for free on Thursday night. The music was honestly the BEST when no one else was on the floor. So that's why it was just me and my girl dancing on the floor. The moment the hip hop came on, it was mixed so badly that i just was annoying.You couldn't really get into it to make much of a dance. But very nicely decorated and $15 martinis!
3	I found the experience of Pure Nightclub to be a little lack luster. I went with a group of people from the Peter Lik Gallery into the VIP at Pure and although it was a great view of the town from the roof top of Caesars Palace it was honesty kinda boring. Most of the other people who were at the club just sat around staring at one another. I did see a couple of celebrities which was fun but other than that not very impressive. The drinks were very overpriced and table service was insane as well. In addition, the dance space was very limited. It was mostly just a bar and a series of walk ways outside of the VIP Lounge. In the VIP Lounge there was a wonderful fire pit though that we enjoyed very much. We spent the majority of the night on the couches chatting with the other VIP's rather than dancing. Also, it took a long time for the club to fill up which kind of gave me the impression that it was not the best place to be on a Friday night.On a positive note, the music was very good. I had a great time listening to the DJ.
1	Pure is not the worst place I have been to in Vegas, but surely not the best.  I wouldn't go back, unless someone paid me.  The music was the only thing that saved this club.  This past Saturday night we went to Pure.  We found a spot to chill by the bar.  It took about 45 minutes to get a drink.  Once you had to pee, you were pretty much in trouble.  You have to cross the dance floor that is packed with people and smells soooo retchid that if you didn't have to puke before the bathroom, you definitely have to now.  The crowd was interesting and diverse.  It went from some famous people, to  weird looking mumblers that lurked around, to drunk b* who think its funny to walk up to you and pull your entire dress up.  :) good times.
3	Been here twice now.  This past Saturday night, we had just come from Tao so it was definitely better.  They played hip hop and R&B downstairs and house upstairs.  The view was beautiful.
2	Pure was no fun whatsoever on a Friday night in December.  The only saving grace was the Pussycat Doll Lounge, but even that was overcrowded and hard to see.So unlike what I was able to do in the club, let me back my thang up and start from the beginning.  Pure has a nice enough decor.  There are a few interlocked rooms for dancing with a couple different kinds of music bumping (house, hip-hop, and radio pop).  The night my friends and I were there, some wrassler had just won a fight and was there with his entourage.I didn't go to see him; I just wanted to get my groove thing going.  However, the place was simply overcrowded.  I literally had trouble walking at all, and the floor was sticky with people's spilled drinks.  The amount of cougars and gross ODBs was disgusting, and both were rude dancefloor hogs.  My friends and I finally found a tiny space to dance.  The DJ played like half of a chorus to any song you love and would change it mid-chorus.  It was the most frustrating thing in the world.  Half of the fun of dancing to music is getting into the songs, right?  I will not be going back there anytime soon.
4	This club is definitely one to visit while on vacay in Vegas. It's location is prime, and the drinks are strong here.My friends and I celebrated my bday there. We went to the rooftop to take pix and got a nice view of the strip. Pure was a nice upgrade from the club we went to the night before.
3	Came here with a bunch of girls and a couple of guys on a Saturday night... we were on a promoter's guest list and had no trouble getting in (no drink tickets though). The place was super packed inside, and it smelled like vomit on the main dance floor the whole night which was disgusting. We spent most of our time upstairs and outside, where there is more space but still dancing/bars/bottle service/etc. (and a great view of the strip!) Drinks are expensive, but most drinks in Vegas are expensive. I wish they changed up the music a little bit... there were 3 different music areas that I noticed and all were playing the same top 40 stuff... so I would go to one place, hear a song... walk around... hear the same song 2 more times... it would be cool if one area was like hip hop, the other was house... but maybe I'm asking too much. Overall, I had a fun time but it was more because of the people I was with more than the actual place. I don't hate the place, but I would probably rather try something new than coming back again.
4	So... My wife got scammed by a street vendor on tickets to Pure. They let us cut line and get in free anyway. This wasn't my first time there- both tunes, classy joint.
3	huge crowd... dance floor packed..long lines
3	Cabs are here!  Cabs are here!  Ok, we were probably the last people on earth who've never been to Pure nightclub in Caesar's Palace, but we were so looking forward to a great time that instead of driving there, we decided to cab it.  (Quick Tip:  if you do drive, call to see if the Valet Parking is still open, otherwise get ready for a looong walk - ladies, you know what I'm talking about!)As soon as we approached Pure, I was amazed at how popular this club still is!  Not sure if it was because it was LDW.  I was also amazed that Snooki from Jersey Shore was going to make an appearance (so her glaring banner said!)  I was ready for some fist pumping action!We got into Pure really fast because we were on the guest list, and I just felt my curiosity building.  I couldn't wait to see why this club was such the Studio 54 of the previous decade!  As soon as I stepped through the threshold, I was stunned, floored, flummoxed.  Pure wasn't all that!  The main room had low ceilings, cheap furniture, and no theme.  I thought the club was going to be pure white or something!  The other room was small with a projection screen that played hip hop music videos.  Yawn!  The ONLY cool thing about Pure was the rooftop with a nice view of the Strip.  Still, no continuity, style, or swagger at the club.  Maybe it was popular because the club is really spacious.  Either that, or that the drinks are only $10 here.  For a nightclub on the Strip, that's a bargain!So sad that the highlight of my evening was actually seeking Snooki dance from afar.  SMH!
3	On a Sunday night.... GUEST LIST &CUT THE LINE =win. walked to the bar and this lady bartender was rushing my cousins and I to order she even smacked the bar table said hurry up! damnnnn my bad. it was labor day weekend, EXTRA crowded. Like TOO CLOSE FOR COMFORT!! But the DJ was playingggg HIPHOP and upstairs on the balcony that overlooks flamingo, paris.. dj plays TECHNO. downstairs music was totally on point, i dont think i ever wanted to leave the dance floor. The layout was pretty:) White drapes made the club in "purity". Being so crowded, getting to restroom was a maze. So just an FYI, you can't go thru those that have a table to get to the bathroom. Bathrooms are behind the DJ booth. OH, one last thing, I made $11 from the falling bills that come from the ceilings randomly thru out the night!!!! cheers!
2	This place is whatever.. Musics whatever, Crowd sucks.. It would probably be a nice club if it were in San Jose, but its Vegas, so I expect better. Its a decent set up with one decent size room,  with wayyyyy too many people on the dance floor, buncha dick head bouncers, and seems to attract all the riff raff in Vegas. If I want thug, Ill stay home. Luckily, I didnt have to pay to get in or Id have something bad to say :-)
3	I honestly wouldn't go back to Pure. Yes, I had a decent time, but overall, I wasn't impressed. First of all, the location of the bathroom is terrible. You have to cut through the dance floor to go to the bathroom and fight through a bunch of really drunk, really creepy dancing men. Secondly, the decor is less than desirable. There was nothing special about it at all. The club is small and there is no distinguishable theme that makes it stand out in comparison to all of the other clubs in Vegas. I wouldn't come back. Nothing about Pure makes it any better than any other club in Vegas. Very underwhelming, indeed.
4	First of all Pure has been around for a very long time compared to some of the other premiere nightclubs in Las Vegas. That having been said, it's still one of the more popular clubs to go to. Everytime we go I have a good time. Typically we are in the main room on the balcony that looks like daybeds for tables, very plush. We've also been on the balcony which is amazing and I probably prefer being there than in the main room. All in all this club still has it going on.
4	When in Vegas this place is a must! It has a huge main floor and the roof area is a lot of fun too! I highly recommend getting a suite on the main level preferably the center section where they do the concerts.  Its worth it to not wait in line, not have to go to the bar and have someone to walk you through the crowd when you need to go anywhere.  This place knows how to party and have a great time! The service is amazing and the staff is great!
4	I've been clubbing plenty of times but this was my first time clubbing in Vegas and our first club of the weekend!One of our friends put us on the guestlist for PURE and told us to get there early, around 10ish. Let me just say that Caesar's Palace is not cell phone friendly, and it's definitely not pager friendly! After finally finding our friends, we were stuck in not a line, but a huge mass of people. With 30+ people on our guestlist, I was worried we wouldn't get in but we all made it - they let us all in for free, even the guys! I'm not gonna lie, I was expecting a little more decor wise out of PURE. The main room is nice - huge dancefloor and I liked the all-white theme, however the other rooms were not up to parr with the main room. One of our friends mentioned that they have an amazing rooftop view, so we stayed up there the whole night. Perfect night for being up there!I LOVED the rooftop and this is definitely the best part of this club - and the major reason why PURE gets 4 stars. There was a a huge bar and also enough space to dance. The bathroom on the roof was really clean and big - loved that they had hairspray, lotion and even perfume to freshen up!Music was Top 40 and dance music. JLO was apparently there at some point, haha.I'd definitely come back here again, I had so much fun!
1	After dinner at Mesa Grill we were wandering around Caesar's plotting our next move when we were handed cards for free cover at Pure! Sweet!! Why not check it out?!No GA? You have to be on a guestlist? Yeah, thanks for telling us (and all the people around us) before we waited in your "line" for 45 minutes. There wasn't a famous DJ or special event either. Line deserves the " " because it was SUPER disorganized. That should have been our first clue. Look, I was willing to spend $$ at your establishment, now you've pissed me off.
5	GOOD MUSIC!Was able to get in for free, even past midnight! We also saw Mike Posner perform -- his three hit songs. LOL! One of the older clubs in Vegas, but still worth going to. The actual club itself is quite small, but it does justice
4	Big venue, open rooftop, and PUSSYCAT DOLLS.....This is like one of the OG clubs of Vegas that still gets packed.  While it does not have the ah-mazing ambiance of the newer clubs of XS or Marquee, it's decent.  Pure was the first club I hit up on my first Vegas girly trip circa 2000 and seems to always be that "go to" club if another club doesn't pan out.  So in a way it always holds a sinful spot in my heart.  I recommend checking out XS or TAO first and then if those don't pan out, PURE!COVERYour typical 20+ fee but of course ladies are free.  Love how they even have a separate line just for girls to walk straight in, no wait.  I always feel bad looking at the groups of guys waiting off to the side.  Anyways, recommend you boys finding a promoter to work out some deal into the club, otherwise if you're not there before 10 you'll prob be waiting off to the side for a long time.  Drinks are around 10 bucks, decent for Vegas compared to the 15 bucks at XS and Marquee.VENUESpacious venue consisting of the pussycat lounge (small), dance floor and surrounding area (big) and the open terrace up top (big).   It's all white, which I think gives it that open and clean feel (though it's not always clean ha).  The crowd is usually mixed.  The lounge where the pussycat dolls perform (not the one with Nicole Sherz, but other girls who are just as good) throughout the night.  The lounge is tiny so I recommend getting there maybe 15 min early to snag a spot towards the front if you've never seen them before.  I would say the terrace up top is the best part of the club bc of the awesome view of the strip.  There's a lot of VIP seating which I guess is good but sucky for the rest of us cheapos who don't want to pay for a table.  So free seating is pretty limited on the terrace and downstairs.  This club always has a celebrity in the mix somewhere too.BEATSI remember the music being decent, mostly dance and top 40 stuff you hear on the radio.  Enough to keep you dancing all night.
5	Coming from San Francisco this was one of my favorites out in Las Vegas! Had a blast with my girls and we happened to get in for free with those promotion tickets where ladies are free. Music was Hip Hop latin beats and we went on Friday Night and not sure if music changes every night. Has an amazing view up on the rooftop and we happened to get into a vip section. So if your cute and flirty great place to find cute guys and get a few drinks for free. ;)
1	There aren't zero stars available, because if there were Pure would deserve it. I mean, any place that fetes Jersey Shore rejects cannot be taken seriously (If snookie is hosting Halloween I am going to be as far away as I can be. And that people would want to see her already shows you the kind of people that come here).You walk up and you're basically treated like cattle, and that's actually giving them credit, so that you can get into the most unoriginal club I've ever been to. It's like they converted a warehouse into a 'club.' The bouncers are self important and hold clipboards because apparently that raises the 'I'm so awesome' meter. Don't buy into it. You finally get the golden ticket and you're herded into this big room where having your space invaded is a step-by-step happening. You cannot get away from people breathing on you, touching you, screaming in your face. It's obscene and unnerving. Oh, yeah, TRY getting a drink in this place. If you can accomplish that I can assure you that you won't get a drink that is even in the same stratosphere as the drink you thought you ordered unless you ordered melted ice over some no-name liquor. Drink before you go and save yourself that blatant rip-off. The music is fine for a club. That's all I can say about that.I have actually made it to the 'VIP' area several times (by virtue of knowing someone there) and ended up feeling like I was lording over the poor losers begging to get into it. I suppose if you want to pay cash to feel like a douche then don't let me stop you. This club is way past it's expiration date. Let it die.
3	Pure had the lowest bottle service minimum on a Sunday night out of the 3-4 clubs we were interested in & since we heard good things, we made a reservation.PROS:- DJ Casanova was awesome! He played club bangers all night long.- Our server was really great; super friendly & very attentive.- Bathrooms were very nice & there was never a line.- Like I said, it was reasonably priced for VIP bottle service for Vegas. It was roughly $550 for a bottle of Belvedere that came with 4 different mixers, 8 bottles of Red Bull & 6 bottles of Fiji. CONS:- We were originally told our table was going to be outside which is what we wanted. But when we got there they informed us the patio was closed & we'd be inside. Major let down since I heard the patio is really cool.- The tables in VIP are really close together so you're kind of on top of your neighbor. This was a bit of an issue since the people next to us actually started drinking our booze since they were spilling into our area. - Security guys were not on their A game; lots of people jumped over the couches into VIP. I also saw a chick jump over the couch to choke a girl grinding on some old dude. Thankfully once security broke up that girl fight, they started paying more attention.I'd come back if the patio was open or if we could sit in the raised level of VIP. Regardless, it was still a really fun night.
3	If you're planning on going here you there's basically 3 ways to get in. The easiest is obviously to get a table and if you can afford it, I suggest that way. You can get on the guest list, which I did. Or you can just get in the general admission line. Least desirable and will take forever.Ok...the guest list pile. Basically you are in a mass of bodies and you are just making your way to the ropes by putting yourself in any little open space you can. once you get up there you will talk to a guy with the guest list on an iPad and he will make it harder than it has to be scrolling up and down the list to find your name. Of course it is to your benefit to have girls with you, but we were a bachelor party of 7 guys. Not exactly the most attractive option so the door guy sent in a couple girls with us.After about half an hour of my arm pinned behind my back from being in such a tight space, we made it in. Everything was white, hence the name PURE. We got a drink downstairs and proceeded to go up to the rooftop before it got too busy. Pretty awesome view up there with cosmopolitan , Paris, planet Hollywood, bellagio, and others in the backdrop.Cheaper drinks than The Bank and a completely different atmosphere. I can't speak much for the indoor part but the rooftop was a nice change of pace. Id like to go back here but hopefully it will be at a table to avoid the guest list pile.All in all...it's worth a visit.
3	Minus one star for the pretentious cattle round up complete with confusiion about which line is the right one.  Minus one star for keeping no free seating. Understand bottle service is the standard now to get seating but no one had ordered it on this night and after 2am they really should let it go and open it up after that. There is no free seating no bar stool so I think they are being inconsiderate to clientele.  The music is great! Downstairs was hip hop and up stairs trance music. The crowd was fun and the atmosphere beautiful.
4	Pure Nightclub has been one of my go-to Vegas hotspots for the past few years.  The venue is pure seduction, with its white draped VIP sections and fabulous rooftop views.  The music and drinks are never anything short of perfection.  The bouncers may not particularly be the nicest, but once you arrive inside, you will forget all of the obnoxious elitism that you had to overcome to partake in the party.  Despite the influx of new and refurbished nightlife venues, Pure has remained a constant on the "See and Be Seen" list, so join the cool kids and check it out!
3	This was the least 'vegasy' club I went to. Theres nothing very special about it and the crowd seems pretty ghetto. The bathrooms are far and you have to walk past the dance floor to get to them.I actually had a ton of fun with my friends here, but the venue itself was just okay. Oh, they did have very pretty waitresses though!
3	Once upon a time in a city of sins, there exist a glowing palace called PURE.  ** I let out a big guffaw as I wrote this wondrous oxymoron **There was a time when this was THE place in Vegas for clubbing. All the celebs go here, the celeb djs spin here, the hot ladies of PussyCatDolls have a regular gig here. PURE was the ish.I never had issues with lines or any of that bouncer issues, since a group of girls always gets free VIP passes and skips the line. Bouncer was friendly to us and everyone had fun getting down on the big dance floor where the late dj Adam Goldstein did his shit (yea it was that long ago)No longer is this the IT club so I'm not sure what has changed but when in Vegas, I'd hit up Marquee or Tryst or Surrender.Maybe one would hit up PURE to cleanse their dirty & sinful souls?
4	I loved this club! We went here on our last night in Vegas, like a last hoorah! I loved the atmosphere! White & "pure" [= Play on words, I know! The dance was soooo crowded but we had so much fun. The only thing that was eh was some guy that was roaming the dance floor looking like he was going to puke. I had to literally push the crap out of him in order to turn the other way. We bought a couple drinks here & the bartender didn't really hook it up. So he didn't get too drunk. We had a couple invitations to VIP booths but declined. Guys always expect something when you accept an invitation to drink & "party" with them. No thanks [=
3	Acceptable music, but an unacceptable amount of creepers. My group of six got in quick and free through the girls' line. The dance floor was super crowded, but at least there was no line for the bathroom (yes, this matters).
3	We weren't planning on coming here at all, but we got on a guest list so we decided we might as well come check it out. They told my friend he needed dress shoes (not a surprise as most Vegas clubs do) so we got a pair at Ross for like $30. When we came back at like 10:15, there's was already a pretty large "line" getting started so we got in what was told to be the guest list "line". The lines are just a mosh of people and is very unorganized. We were told the club would open at 10, but 10:30 they started letting people in; only people with table reservations. The thing that pissed us off is after them giving my friend a hard time for not having dress shoes earlier when we got on the guest list, they were letting people in wearing jeans, t-shirts, and trashy looking sneakers while my friend had on slacks, new shoes, and a dress shirt and that pissed us off. Then they didn't even let guest list people in but we got our way*****do this if you want to get in fast. You don't even need to be on the guest list to do this*****get in the guest list mob, and while you stand over there get the attention of one of the promoters standing by the line. Ask them if they can get you in faster and they will cut you a deal and pull you out of line and walk you right in. The deal will probably be $30 a guy and girls free, dont think it matters ratio as we werre 3 guys and 1 girl and had no troubles.  We did this and we got walked right in without any troublesInside the club, it was pretty cool looking. Lots of cool lighting and decent older hip-hop/rap ,mixed with some newer stuff. The bar has a super short wait and drinks and made fast and pretty strong and prices aren't too bad at $14 for an AMF. The dance floor though, is tiny, and the tables for bottle service take up a lot of room. We ended up getting lucky and snagged a table right across from the bar. It didn't have seating as it was for standing at but it ended up working well as we shared it with a group of girls for putting our drinks on and danced near the table so nobody else would take the table, and the dance floor was crowded so it ends up being dance wherever you want. Overall, I felt majority of the crowd wasn't very good looking, and there were a lot of Guido wannabe type people there. Honestly, I saw 1 good looking girl (who I asked to dance and we talked for a little) and then a few decent looking girls. If I had more to drink, maybe I would have found so,e better looking girls.  We ended up going upstairs to the outdoor part for a little which was a nice change and it was nice to get some fresh air. The bathrooms up there were nice and clean, which is a nice extra bonus. I had some chick spill her martini on my shoulder cause she was too drunk to walk and then tried bitching at me that I owed her a new drink which I found pretty funny. Maybe if you were better looking girl, it might have worked out better for youWe ended up leaving around 2am as we got pretty bored with the place. On the way out we thanked the promoter as he was still out there and he asked if we were leaving already which we told him we were and he asked why which I thought was kinda cool. We told him it wasn't as good as we thought and he gave us his number and said to hit him up next time we are in town and he would hook us up. Not sure if I would be back though as I didn't really care for the people in the club and the overall venue. It is cool to say I have been there, but I would much rather go to marquee, especially cause it seems a lot more organized, has more room to dance, better looking people, and has more variety in music. Our original plan was to go to Tao or xs but we ended up at pure. It made a good end to our impromptu Vegas trip, but I won't go out of my way to come back
2	What happened, Pure? On my second trip back here, my group of friends and I bottle service on the roof. Mind you, this is not cheap and I was appalled at the treatment we got. Our host was pretty nice and so was our waitress, but our bouncer was pretty shady, telling one of my friends that we didn't tip and were "ripping" him off. Eventually my friend paid, but had I known what was going down I would have stopped it with a quickness. The roof is awesome and the music is pretty good, but honestly, I'll think twice about bringing my business here again, and you should too.
4	Had a damn good time here dancing the night away. We got hooked up with a group of guys to join them while they were getting bottle service. Drinks all night. Large danced floor, fire even!  I had a blast and I think my friends did too
1	Ugh, still has the stickiest dancefloor, overcrowding, old fogies leering, and other creepers.  I'll continue to pass.  I prefer the warmer lighting choices of some of the other clubs to what feels like A Night at the Roxbury fluorescence.  Their music was so loud, that my ears were ringing for over 24 hours.  That has never happened to me, even at the loudest concerts and other nightclubs...
2	Eh, always okay nothing to write home about. They never have good DJs in general, but the place is nice overall. Good service in general.
5	Oh my gosh. This is what more clubs ought to be! We had passes, so we didn't have to pay cover, which was pretty awesome. I think we may have been in the wrong line, but they still let us in.When we walked in, I was immediately impressed. The bars were tucked a little ways away from the dance floor, and there was room to actually move. At first it seemed like the bartender was ignoring my friend and I, but it soon became apparent that she was just super busy and a wee bit oblivious. When we finally had her attention, she was sweet as can be.The crowd was pretty cool, and there were definitely attractive people. The club itself has a great layout, and I like the white decor.If you're only going to be in Vegas for a night or two, this place is a must.
4	I love Pure. Probably because it was free. I came to Caesar's Palace just to gamble, no intentions really of clubbing. But as me and my husband were walking into the casino, a guy in a suit with an Ipad came up to my slutty dressed self and asked if i wanted on the VIP guest list. Of course I said yes. We got in line around 10:15 and was among the first 10 in line. After they start letting bottle service in we were the first ones through the door. The one thing that sucked was we had to wait until the 1st floor was ass to ass to be able to go up to the top floor, which is a big balcony overlooking the strip. They have a seperate DJ and bar up there as well. Once we were finally allowed up, as breathtaking as the view is, its quite annoying. That particular DJ kinda sucked and the dance floor is right in front of the bar. So you're constantly letting people walk by. We went back downstairs and had a blast. Yes its crowded as hell in there, but theres a good atmosphere. I love to dance and by the time I left, It took me about an hour to walk ever so slowly back across the street to my hotel because my feet hurt that bad. The worst part about this club is the last of sitting space if you're not getting bottle service, and the bathrooms are impossible to get to. You have to walk through the dance floor, so in the hour it takes to do said task, you've just about peed your pants anyways. But i'll go back...if the Ipad guy puts me on the list again.
1	Overcrowded, overpriced, and overrated.  The music was mediocre and the place is not worth the hassle.
3	We went here to celebrate my birthday, along with other places. We met one of the promoters just outside the Caesars and he put us on the guest list. Like at other places, we got in free and were given free drinks. The music was comparable to other places, but I couldn't dance because my shoe was stuck to the floor - the floor was THAT sticky. The crowd here seemed a little more creepy than at others, but we still had fun. One of the girls I was with had been there before and said it was a better last time she went. It might have been an off night, so I would check it out if your looking for a cool place to check out.
3	Definitely an older crowd, which in some ways makes me sad when I people watch.  I mean, I know its vegas but still...  it was pretty loud (duh) and the music was only okay. We stood on the outskirts for a few minutes and then decided to try elsewhere. Meh, not for me.
3	I love the layout he. Luckily we got in for free before midnight and that made my night! One of the things I hate about clubs is when I bump elbows because of the small ass space. It did happen here. The dj was jamming pretty good music. I feel like they play major upbeat, electro, house here. I lean towards the hip hop scene a bit more especially because I love to dance, but I made the most here at pure. There were older women and men here that we're basically old enough to be a mom or dad. VIP sections were off top too. I felt like there were hella women more than men. I just wished the music and the crowd was better.
5	Pure has incredible versatility. Very sleek inside and an awesome view on the roofto deck. There's an elevator so that women dont break their ankles on the way up or down, plenty of bar space and the DJ usually knows how to move the crowd. Once in a while they will have professional dancers to get people going. You should pregame before going here though, Otherwise if you are used to drinking  at all, you'll spend mad money before you even feel a buzz.I would say Pure is a MUST VISIT if you go to Vegas.  Have fun!
3	The roof top lounge area is nice and fun to hang out and have fun in, but the lines to get in, even if you're on the list, is INSANE! The service is alright but if you're a lady, be prepared to get hit on by creepy men.. well I mean it's Vegas so I think you're already semi prepared for that! You are required to check your coats and the bouncers are not too nice.
1	I'm not particularly sure if it was the club sucking, the people sucking or me and my mid thirties hate fakers and bullshit attitude but this place sucked. Wack music, ridiculously priced drinks, people from LA, chicks dancing together, people from LA and people under 25. I think I'm at a point where the lounge scene is the way to go. At least I was staying at Ceasars and got in free. Anyway, if you like fake broke young chicks pretending to be popular and broke young dudes pretending to be hip and cool, this place is for you..I wont be back.
5	Everytime I touch down in VEGAS I have to stop by PURE! Antoine Fields is my guy holding down the VIP.I recommend VIP for this spot just becasue it gets crowded. The setup of the club is fun within it self, and the terrace has great views of the STRIP.I never wait in line because I always spend a lot of money inside. Thats the way to do VEGAS BABY!!!I love its location.. its always fun finding my way back to my hotel aftert a night @ PURE!
1	Where oh where to start? In a single word: awful. Even if you're on the guest list and it's before midnight, get ready to wait and wait and wait some more as the cattle are herded in towards the entrance. Maybe VIP would make the process of getting in less painful, but unfortunately, getting in is where the real pain is just getting started.Next up on the awful-club cliche list? No over-hyped club is complete without douchebag bouncers. It's an aside, but is there anything more annoying in this world than someone who for the first time has gained even the slightest amount of authority and is bent on letting everyone else know it as obnoxiously as possible? Plan to be ignored for at least 10 minutes once you get to the front of the line (even if its early and the club isn't full), to have your face and ID scrutinized like a 19 year old trying to buy a gas station 6-pack, and to be visually assaulted by a flashlight if you have the audacity to stand in the hallway outside the bathroom waiting for your date.If you've survived all this and are still not ready to admit defeat, you get to wait another 10-15 minutes to be gifted a $12 bacardi and coke. I felt a dollar tip was more than proportional to the level of service, but that did not stop the bartender from grumbling loudly and rudely offering me my change. Which I gladly then accepted. Things were sure to improve after this, however, as we moved to a quieter side bar and girls drink free until 1, right? Wrong. Another 15 minutes of being bumped and elbowed by the Ed Hardy-wearing, jersey-shore-wannabe sausage fest of a crowd and 2 watered down vodka-cranberries later, we were more than ready to head back to one of the very fun and very cover-free lounges at the Cosmopolitan.
1	Don't waste your time. I brought 5 girls in and they treated us like crap. I left right away. Plenty of other good places to go it you don't like elitist prick bouncers.
4	Roof Top Party....VIP Stat....No COVER....???? I think soOnly remember the beginning of it....the rest just seems very blurry but full of good music and fun!Wish I could review more...Oh Vegas.
5	Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (25 of 365). I have a lot of catching up to do!I'm not sure why this nightclub only has an overall review of 3 stars.  This club is my favorite club on the strip because it is the only club where I can actually dance to real hip hop or Top 40 beats and not feel like I have to take drugs in order to dance all night to trance or house at other clubs.  It boggles my mind why clubs in Vegas play the fast music all night.  How are girls dressed in high heels and sexy dresses dance to house, high energy, or trance all freakin' night?  How are you supposed to meet people and mingle in those environments?  I don't want to hate completely on that genre of music because it can get you pretty hype if the DJ knows how to transition the music well and your a little tipsy from drinking, but there needs to be a good mix of Top 40 or some hip hop for some good street dancing, booty shaking, body rolling, breakdancing wannabes to have some fun too.  From ALL the clubs I have been to on the strip, this club plays EVERYTHING to tailor to any genre of popular mainstream music.  I'm happy with the mix here and can definitely get my dance on.  If you like fast music all night, they play it upstairs on the outdoor patio so you can breathe the fresh air as your doing nordic track running mans.Oh and a plus, I never had to wait more than a few minutes to use the restroom; plus for chicks who have to go every 15 minutes when they're drinking.
1	Really? I can't believe this has so many stars! During vacation in Vegas my friend and I were **drunkenly** walking the streets of the strip and some man was giving out VIP access cards to the night club. Well...we figured why not...you only live once. What a nasty place. I was hoping there would be some attractive people there...maybe even some cute guys that were not injected with that terrible Jersey Shore serum that seemed to have infected every other club we went to. Well...we walked in...I paid $15 for my teaspoon shot of tequila to try to cut the smell of cheap perfume and cologne. The place was nastily packed and the group of large girls seemed to be overtaking the dance floor. Now, I'm not trying to be mean...but when we were trying to dance I did NOT want a large amount of sweaty skin rubbing against my silk dress. We stayed for 20 minutes and left. I'm glad the only money that I spent there was on a cheap tequila that gave me a headache...wait maybe that was the amount of grossness in the place?
1	This place is lame. Don't waste your time.
4	My girlfriend and I had a blast at Pure!  As I always say...fun is what you make it!  We ended up getting on the guest list from those nightclub street team people (which honestly, Ive used them both times I've gone to Vegas, and I recommend doing it!).The drinks were pricey...but its Vegas! (they were about 11.50 for a mixed drink.  The DJ was playing some great music that night as well!  My girlfriend and I were invited to the VIP area...which was fun, but a bunch of extremely overly wasted folks...but still had a blast! :) The only downside I would say would be the bathroom! It is in the corner of the venue, where you would have to walk through the EXTREMELY crowded dance floor to get through!I would check it out, especially if you enjoy TOP 40 and Hip Music and want to dance and have a great time!
4	Why isn't Pure more popular?! Cheap tables, drinks, and a club that plays HIP HOP (seriously rare in Vegas these days)!!!PROS:--such a pretty club- glass walls, floors, staircases, an upstairs balcony that overlooks the strip (so pretty!), three dance floors (if you count the one outside), and tables above the dance floor.--Cheap drinks... for Vegas- usually around ~$10-15. --Relatively easy to get in- girls usually get in for my favorite price: free!--ELEVATOR- girls in heels, amen.--lots of lounge areas outside of the club-- seriously, like a million chairs/tables outside the club. I think it's for people to watch the giant TV that usually shows horse races/ poker but, at 3am, no one is going to care.--diverse crowd- some might say that Pure is not filled with the most beautiful of people, but I think it really depends on the night.... and how much you drink ;) Just kidding! No wait, cheap drinks, great view, good music = PURE pleasurrreee. Sometimes, you just want to dance and avoid all the Vegas clubbing bullsh*t. Go to Pure!**TIP- use the bathroom upstairs = less wait ;)
4	Some cool cat hanging outside of the doors at Caesar's Palace handed me a pass Sunday night and told me that I could get into this club without paying a cover charge. Sure, I'll save the $20. I was already down from a terrible run at the craps table. Crap!Just like what I would expect in Vegas...a decent sized dance floor, surrounding VIP sections and beautiful people all over the place. I never go out on Sundays but being in the city that never sleeps I was playing with house time. I was definitely digging the music here. The DJ was playing an awesome mix of hip hop and Top 40 hits. Needless to say, I was gettin' it on the dance floor.I paid $8 for each Coors Light bottle. A little steep if you ask me but I suppose that is the norm in LV. Good thing that I am a lightweight because this place becomes more fun when the beer vision kicks in.Just saw a few reviews that said this place has dance floors on different levels. Wish someone told me because I was a one man wolf pack for the night and would have enjoyed checking out the different scenes here. Guess I'll be back here when I'm visiting Sin City again because this place is pure fun.
5	I took my friends here for my best friends bachelorette party and it was awesome! Great cocktail waitresses and staff. My friend definitely had a bachelorette party to remember :)
3	Been here a few times, not the best club in Vegas but probably not the worst either. The rooftop is really nice if it's open. Went on a Sunday night and there were a lot of old people who didn't belong, a lot of the music wasn't great either (at least not for a club) Another time the rooftop was open, wasn't too busy but the view was really nice. The dance floor inside isn't that big, nothing special.
5	OH MY GOODNESS!! Why are the reviews so low?!?! I had an amazing time here. The music was great (if you like hip hop from the past 5 years). I went to Marquee and enjoyed the ambiance more than the music.Everyone danced here at Pure and there were no creeps at all. Everyone was so friendly.
4	This was a fun club, good music! There were quite a few creepers the night I was here. It seemed like the guy to girl ratio was WAY off. It was still fun though with my friends. We danced most of the night anyways. The upstairs outdoor area was fun as well, in case it was too warm downstairs just go up to cool off. Random fact, I think it's rude when the employees at clubs/bars say things like "GET THE HELL OUT OF HERE" when they turn the lights on and the club is starting to close. Not professional, and they in fact did that here. rude.
4	First thing is DEFIANTLY SPLURGE FOR THE BOTTLE SERVICE AND VIP!! Trust me you want a place to rest once this club gets krunk which doesn't take a long time at all! I counted 3 rooms in here but let me say I was good and tipsy so there could have been more! The DJ started out kinda rocky but about an hour into out night he got that club krunk!(at least in my VIP area!)My favorite was the rooftop outside cause it tends to get hot while your doing the Dougie so the cool night air was refreshing..lol We had VIP that came with a bouncer and waitress who stayed in constant contact with my area making sure we didn't have to pour our own drinks for a while! I HAD THE TIME OF MY LIFE HERE AND MY BACHELOR PARTY CREW COULDN'T STOP TALKING ABOUT HOW FLY THIS CLUB WAS AND THE TIME THEY HAD! Yea we stayed until they closed! Will defiantly come back!!FYI: Try to remember to not wait till the last minute to have to utilize the restroom! It was located upstairs outside and there was a LONG ASS LINE OMG!!! I almost didn't make it!! Lesson learned when you feel that first urge to go to the bathroom GO!!!
1	This was the worst club I've ever been to in my life! I was here this past Saturday visiting from Los Angeles. I was looking forward to dancing all weekend and this place shot that excitment down. The dance floor is small & crowded as hell. The DJ sucked; he played one recognizable song every three songs or so. I think the best advice anyone can take from these reviews is to throw $$$ down on bottle service because there is no where to sit and rest unless you pay for it. We ended up leaving at 12am because the music sucked and our feet hurt from not being able to rest anywhere. I won't be going back to this dump.
2	Land of the $20 bottle of Heineken. Yep, you read that right: TWENTY DOLLARS. If I didn't need to drink that crappy beer to muster the mental stamina to keep myself composed amongst all of the crappy music and creepy men, I wouldn't have paid that. I've decided that this is where I am going to spend a lot of time if/when I finally completely give up on having any faith in humanity and human decency.
3	I really, really wanted to like Pure. I almost did. But the crowd killed it for me.This was longest wait we had in line for a club on this particular trip to Vegas. I think we must've waited 20 minutes. The line situation was confusing too - there were literally what looked like 10 different lines to get into this place. At one point, we left one line only to find ourselves in a new one. C'mon now - it's not Ellis Island or the DMV - do they really need THAT many lines?While waiting in line, though, I started to wonder just what kind of crowd we were going to find once inside, because there were some truly random people lined-up. There was a small group of men who looked to be about 60-years-old waiting to get in. There was a rather large woman wearing fishnets with a blouse but apparently she forgot to put on her skirt, because standing behind her, I got an eyeful of crack. Umm, what IS the dress code exactly? Do they even have one in Vegas? If I got an eyeful of crack, I can ONLY IMAGINE what I would've seen if she were facing me (shudder...!!) WTF?!On the plus, free cover, free drinks and the music in the main room was great. The rooms themselves were very nice. I especially liked the top floor, outside, as the view was great. But that area was mainly for bottle service and drinking - there wasn't really music up there or room to dance. But it was a good place to go to catch a breeze, grab a drink, and view the city.The main floor was where I hoped to stay and dance, because the music was good!! But the crowd was a MESS!!! Another club where they let too many people in, especially on the dance floor. All these people pushing onto the floor, then just standing there. Ugh!! You're taking up space people. If you're just there to drink, watch girls/guys and/or stand around, go stand by the bar!! Leave the dance floor for people who are there to dance.As it was, the people there were annoying. Does no one have ANY clue as to how to behave in a club? I swear, people come to Vegas and it's like they lose their freakin' minds, act like total divas and a**holes. I'm all for 'letting loose' a bit, but don't be a douche - especially you women!!! Ladies, be ladies - don't be a drunk mess spilling your drink and bumping into everyone as you stumble your way through the floor. All this pushing and shoving and BS nonsense. If you need to get by, say 'excuse me' and if you bump me, apologize. It's simple. But the crowd at Pure that night seemed clueless. It's like everyone wanted to get in, but then no one knew what to do or how to act once they did. LOL.We left a little let down. And the winner was waiting in line for a cab, witnessing a girl - obviously drunk - bent over and crawling on the ground, in her dress, while her "friend" chatted with some random guy, while guys in line snapped shots of her drunk friend with their camera phones. Umm, rule #1 ladies: when you're there with your girls, HAVE ONE ANOTHER'S BACK!! Don't let your drunk girl wind up a hot mess. BE a friend, HOLD her up and don't let her go down flashing her a** to strangers. I couldn't believe it, this girl letting her friend crawl around while she just watched her. I would NEVER let one of my girls go down like that...
3	I came here with a group and had bottle service. The drinks were nothing but skyy, pineapple juice, and cranberry juice. The dance floor was so packed that I could not go through the crowd when I got about half way in.
4	I went there at 2pm afternoon, because one of my clients is hosting a cocktail party. The venue is pretty big, with VIP rooms on both side, also great view from the second floor. The setting is all white, with the lights and music, it looks really nice. I would defn go there again in the night, just to see how good it is. :)
3	Not a bad experience....Well... I really don't know what it takes for someone like me who hates nightclubs to say something good about a nightclub... We went there on a Sunday night, no line, free for ladies, only $10 for guys, they only had the rooftop section opened. I know Pure is a huge club, but I am no fan of huge nightclubs, so a rooftop was good for me. :) We only stayed for like 1 hour, got 2 drinks from the bar, they were strong, and danced with a few sexy ladies like always. It was kinda fun, we had a good time. :)
2	I'm sorry but I've been here twice and hated it both times.No offense but the crowd is definitely older and the music is only so-so.  No wonder the promoters were practically begging us to come here!  The bars are packed like most Vegas club bars but the wait time is even worse.  Not much else to say but I will definitely not be returning here ever again.
1	Pure is yet another of the once well respected and coveted beacons of nightlife in Vegas that has fallen from grace, settling somewhere toward the bottom of the list of large Vegas clubs.  The line here is awful, mostly due to the fact that it's not really a line; trying to get into Pure on the guestlist is more akin to being herded like cattle.  Once inside, the dancefloor is small and the music is stale, with generic top 40 and hip hop blasting through the mediocre sound system.  Over the past 18 months, the crowd has gotten much older, and Pure has done little to keep up with the top tier of clubs, a tier that Pure used to be sitting atop of.  The bar service here, at least inside, is one of the worst I've experienced in the Vegas nightlife scene, in both speed of service and price.  The staff here are generally more contemptuous than most other clubs.The outside patio is typically a bit less crowded than inside, and the bar service is satisfactory, but it can be close to unbearably hot during the summer, and the misters that are set up along the top of the bar are annoying and worthless (other than the fact that they make your clothes slightly damp for the rest of the night).If you've never been clubbing in Vegas before, you'll probably have fun here, but the seasoned clubber will be bored and disappointed with just about every facet of Pure.  Spend your money somewhere else.
2	**2nd stop of the Nite Tours event, so front of the line entry and no cover.34 minutes.  That's roughly about how long we were at PURE before calling it a night.  How disappointing!  Of the three clubs on the Nite Tours schedule, PURE was the one I was looking forward to the most - partly because I had heard decent things about it, but also because it was the only one I was familiar with.  On the plus side, the lower level looked pretty nice (even though it was closed), with the white color scheme working well with the "pure" concept.  Although our path up to the outdoor terrace area seemed a little long (the only part of the club open that night), the view of the lit up buildings across the street was pretty cool.  On the flip side though,  the club wasn't that lively.  Granted, when we were there had something to do with it (arrived around 1:30 on Sunday night/Monday morning), but The Bank at Bellagio was still going strong when we left there.  Most of the people were pretty much just standing around, though there were some by the DJ that were dancing.  Didn't really help how the music came to a screeching halt twice though.Glad I got to check them out, and I can see it being a pretty good spot to party at (assuming it was a livelier night), but our time there was rather forgettable...and short.
1	I went to Pure Nightclub to celebrate a birthday with a group of friends. When I received my bill, Pure Nightclub over charged me $472.16 on 3 bottles of liquor. Each bottle was list initially in their menu between $475 and $525 for selected bottles. However, on my bill each bottle was inflated by $50 per bottle.  Also, they offer me a free complimentary bottle of Skyy Vodka, which was completely free for buying 3 initial bottles of liquor.  But, they added the free bottle of Skyy Vodka on my bill at a cost of $475 (total of $2,996.23) and charge me 18%-Gratuity, 4%-Service Charges, and 14.1925%-Taxes (total taxes of 36.1925%). The free bottle of Skyy Vodka came to a total extra charge on my bill of $171.91; afterwards the $475 free complimentary bottle of Skyy Vodka was deducted, leaving the $171.91 in taxes. WOW! I've been hoodwinked...  What a con game/rip-off by Pure Nightclub. You can not see your bill clearly because they fold it up in three or four folds so you can't really see the added charges. Also, I needed to ask twice for a copy of my bill. You're unable to see the bill due to the darkness/noise, or calculate the over charges until you get back to your hotel room.My entire bill was assessed a charge rate of 36.1925% for Gratuity (18%), Service Charges (4%) and Las Vegas Taxes (14.1925%). But wait a minute, Las Vegas Tax is 8.10%, I was over charged by 6.0925% in Taxes alone.I complained immediately after I saw these charges to Caesars Palace Concierge Supervisor and their onsite Hotel Manager regarding Pure Nightclub operation over charges.  I was treated unfairly by this corrupt Pure operation.  There should be a Disclaimers from Caesars listed which should indicate to their Guests that this is not a Caesars Palace Nightclub and you are at your own RISK with this shady operation.The Pure Nightclub Host named Hein Le who charged these increased fees on my bill was a scandalous criminal in my eyes. This guy could not be located or return calls as soon as I realized these over charges, and was a real BUTT HEAD.I have since put a hold on my credit card for the amount of $472.16, which my credit card company is now involved and fighting these charges for me and help the BBB investigate this deceitful practice.
3	This club is alright. It was fun with the group of girlfriends I went with, that's why. The music wasn't bad and danceable. It gets too crowded, but for most of the clubs in Vegas it's like that. Me and my girls were lucky to run into a promoter because he gave us wristbands for free drinks! I loved being on the rooftop because the view was pretty. My favorite part about this club was when people were throwing dollar bills! I got some $$ from that. This club isn't so bad, but there are better clubs out there.
4	Just like any other club in Vegas.  Good music, huge space with muti-level.  Went here for a bachelorette party, Saturday, crowded as expected.  Not sure what much to write, honestly, all these clubs seems same ol'.  If you're at ceasers palace and looking for a near y night club, definitely stop by here.... Btw- if you go with bunch ladies, you don't need to stand in that long line....Ps- yes, all the Vegas bouncers are rude!
1	Pure sucks. Pretentious + Claustrophobic + Over-hyped. The dance floor is way too small. The lounge is way too big. I can't go 3 seconds without somebody bumping into me. Yuck. Go somewhere else. See how many times you can count their name all over the walls. Ugh...
4	A club where you can actually talk to people. What a concept!The roof bar makes it pretty easy to chit chat with anyone. The lack of a big dance floor is a minus, but a very small one since the vibe is more lounge than dance club.If you eat at one of the restaurants in the hotel, you can ask the waiter to get you in for free. Not sure if it was a fluke, but it worked for us!
1	Went this past Thursday and it was the saddest club I have ever been to in Vegas.  Only the rooftop was open and everyone was just standing around.  Also the staff is super b@tchy.  My friend handed the girl at the front her id and free pass.  The girl proceeded to throw both in the garbage.  When my friend stated "you just threw my id in the trash" the girl copped an attitude and stated she did not.  Over comes a large bouncer with a flash light who proceeds to tell US to look in the trash.  Nice service.  Some digging in the nasty trash and the id was found.  No apology and continued attitude.  I will never go here again and it will be interesting to see how much longer PURE stays open.
5	With all the new competition up and down the strip, I am amazed at how much fun I always have at Pure Nightclub. Yeah, it's not visually great compared to XS, Marquee, Surrender and all those other hip and trendy nightclubs but it seems to me that nowadays people have forgotten the simplicity of having a good time at a nightclub. Having music geared to all crowds and providing a venue for people to come together, drink and dance = a good time. But I guess that's why people go to Vegas right?? HahaFor me, I've become quite annoyed with the whole outdoor pool nightclub scene that has become so popular nowadays. Half of the time I'm struggling to find a place to sit, stand and dance without worrying whether I'll slip over into the pool. I appreciate that Pure gives you the option of a full-on dance floor on their main floor with a few VIP areas surrounding and above the dance floor. At other venues I'm stuck between squeezing in to the dance floor or toppling over into someone's VIP. I really enjoy the old school tunes and Top40/hip hop in here.I also appreciate the outdoor rooftop level, although it can get crowded, it gives you a very nice view of the strip, some fresh air and some good EDM. Yes, the crowd is definitely older and not that appealing for the 20 something yr olds but I find that Pure provides a really nice atmosphere to party with your friends. I've never waited more than 15mins to get in nor have the girls AND GUYS paid cover. They've had free drink specials for the ladies until 12AM as well. Pure is obviously trying to keep up with all the competition but who's complaining here?Would definitely come back.
2	Way way way too crowded. Had fun for the length of about three songs until it got fire-hazard packed and you could not move a muscle. Not to mention that in order to get to the restrooms you need to squeeze your way right through the dance floor.  The line system is completely bonkers but at least we didn't pay a cover for the guys or the girls. Music was also sub-par and the DJ on the night we went was a mess.
1	Worst service ever. Vegas is a service based city.  Bottle service is great, BUT only if you have a waitress.  Had 2 bottles, 4 people, and saw the waitress 3 times!  I did speak with a manager and he helped the bill total out a bit. NOT as much as I would have tho.  I will never go back, unless someone else is flipping the bill.  Best part was the fact I was surrounded by other VIP hosts from other clubs, and they all agreed, HORRIBLE SERVICE.  Real buzz kill to what would have been a great night.....
2	Ehhhh didn't stay here very long. We arrived on a Sat at 11pm and waited about 25 min in the guestlist line. We all got in for free with no problem. The actually liked how the club looked. All white with purple lighting. We headed straight to the bar since they had open bar for girls until 12. The bars were slammed! The open bar only included vodka-cran and vodka-sprite. I really wanted a vodka soda since I don't like sweet mixers. They serve the free drinks in a really big cup so it tastes really weak. We went back to the bar around 11;50 to get one more round and wait and waited. It was 11:57 and I was about to order and the bartender said open bar is closed. Uhhh wtf. She was such a b*tch! I also saw her snap on a customer. Like damn I know it's busy and you have to deal with drunk people all night, but shit! Show atleast a little customer service. That's what being a bartender is all about. You gotta be able to handle yourself.They main room played mostly top 40 and hip hop. The upstairs played EDM, but was way too packed. While we were leaving we saw another room with less people that played rap. The best part of Pure was being in the rap music room and watching the funny random stuff they had on the tvs. I would pass on Pure. It was way too packed and the guys there were ignorant douchebags.
1	Lamest club in Vegas. Caesar's concierge put us on the guest list of someone named "Irene." When we arrived and asked for Irene, this ridiculously rude staff member just said "Sorry" and turned around and ignored us. We asked again, thinking he must have misunderstood the question, but he just continued ignoring us.This place must be pretty great to warrant the staff's awful behavior, right?Hilariously, no. After waiting in a cattle-like herd with everyone else on a general "guest list" (there is no Irene?) we enter this tiny little room with a tiny dance floor and barely anywhere to walk because everything is roped off for bottle service. You can try to escape upstairs but that's a similar deal, you have one lane to walk back and forth in and everything else is roped off for bottle service.Also, it was over 90 at night in Vegas when we were there. We asked the bartender for a water and he gave us a mouthwash-sized cup of water. This place isn't even interested in keeping its clientele alive. I'd heard from a promoter that Pure is a joke and boy was he right. We headed next door to The Bank and it was a lot nicer and a lot more fun. Huge dance floor, go go dancers, better DJ. Don't waste time going to this Pure hell hole, spend your money at The Bank.(Anywhere that attracts guys that think the Pauly D hair is acceptable to women is not a place I need to be.)
3	This was the best stop that Nite Tours provided!  Dug the music and the crowd.  There are separate rooms with different music.  The "white room" had a great vibe to it with folks getting down to the beats.
4	Pure.  This club has been around for SO long.  I think this may have been one of the first clubs I ever went to when I started making monthly trips to Vegas.As there were about 20 of us girls in the Bachelorette party, we were looking to find a place that wouldn't make us wait in some massive line, wouldn't charge us cover, and also had an open bar.  We were first in line to enter Pure.  The bouncers were super friendly (not always the case at clubs in Vegas) and we got our wristbands in no time.They had an open bar (for ladies) until midnight, so we went on in and enjoyed our free drinks.  The dance floor was empty, so we danced away until there was no more room to dance.  I headed up stairs and went to check out the outdoor VIP areas.The view is pretty fancy, and they had a roped off area for people with tables.  I walked in there and took some pictures of us with the strip in the background.  Then, we made friends with one of the bouncers in the area who was again, REALLY nice.I made my way down the stairs back into the club area of Pure.  But first, I insisted on can-canning down each step.  So of course, there was quite a line of grumpy people behind me.  I was so happily buzzed off my free drinks, that I was legitimately can-canning down the stairs.  I highly recommend that everyone try to do this as well.My friends and I had a great time partying it up at Pure and were ready to head over to Tryst, which was our final stop for the night.
3	This club is small, super small. The last 2 times I went it was so freakin packed that i could barely move, let alone must a move. Its hot, and the music is so so. I can't rate it on the drinks because I couldn't even get a chance to order the bar was so small. There is a good deal of seat in the back, but as for dancing, dont go here, there are better.
4	I like this club a lot.  It was my 3rd time coming here in Sept 2011.  I love how they always play Hip Hop and R&B all night long!  Although it gets super crowded it's still a cool spot.
1	Club Pure was a bad experience, I was expecting better from a Vegas club for my first time. The decor was alright but what made my experience horrible was the overcrowded dance floor, gallons of spilt liquid on the floor that smelled horrible after it being there for so long, old music(although mixed really well), ridiculous prices for a tiny 10oz bottle of water $8!!! Restrooms are place inconveniently in back of DJ so you must cross the already overcrowded dance floor. We had free entrance passes but waited a good 45 min in the line. Pure is a waste of money, there has to be better clubs than this.
4	I'm not sure anything about the club or the people in it are PURE, but I love the place in spite of.  They should just be ballsy and call the damn place VIRGIN.Pure, located inside of Caesars is a must when clubbing in Vegas.  Be warned, the trek from Valet through the casino is a bit of a journey.  So you may want to rethink your shoes for the evening.Been to Pure a TON of times and honestly they have some of the coolest bouncers ever. While every other place in Vegas employs jerks who think you owe them something.... Pure has done the complete opposite.  The line is never really long or difficult, and you don't have to spend your drink money paying off a bouncer.Once in you can either be in the heart of the club, on the dance floor and surrounded by the celebrity VIP booths.  Or you can go upstairs to the rooftop portion of the club.  The dance floor gets crowded.  I get hot easily so I'm always upstairs. The views of neon-light laden Vegas goes very well with a blurry drunken view.  Last time I was here I was "tipsy" and freaked everybody who came close to me.  Even walking down the stairs. Oh what joy!
4	OMG talk about a good time.  For my first time to Vegas let alone Pure, we had a blast.  Got a table on the roof and partied like the Rockstar I am. I danced upstairs and down.  Our servers were nice and respectful and kept the mixers a coming.  Only thing better is the fact that it's in Caesar's Palace (which is so freakin beautiful). I got the skinny on this place from Pete A (here on Yelp) that was so helpful.  This club didn't disappoint.  Vibes were good, people were great.  If you party like me, go here because it's PURE fun. (pun intended)
1	too much smokers. we smell like a homeless person when we left. our eyes were red and i cough most of the time
1	I'll make this one short and simple....LAMECROWDEDYAWNNEXT!!!
2	I love the upper patio area of this club. It was ladies drink free when I was there and we got in free as well. Fun. The line for the bars was so long even if you were buying a drink you sobered up standing in line. Dance floor was just as packed as the first time we went there, lots of guys. LOTS of guys. When I was let into the club, I had a nikon around my neck  one of the guys said "have fun taking pictures". Halfway through the night we come to find out another guy had taken the camera away from my friend and asked who he worked for because he was just snapping random meaningless pictures. He made him check the camera for $5. OK... I asked one of the bouncers what happened and he said professional cameras weren't allowed in, I said that's funny  because I wore it around my neck in and the guys told me to have fun taking pictures. Oh well.
3	This is a REAL review. Not those dry sounding fake reviews written by the staff themselves with fake names. I been inside Pure about 7 times so I feel I can put together a composite score.It lost one point for being average looking. Don't get me wrong, it was BIG, in fact, really really BIG, but the decorations inside was a yawn. It has a okay top floor patio but that is it. Do you wanna know how AVERAGE IT IS? Drink prices, average. Music, average. Space for dancing, average. Bathrooms, AVERAGE! Every damn thing about this place somehow... sits right on the middle of the scale. Any measurable score is... AVERAGE!Lost another point for having asshole bouncers and doormen after that law enforcement investigation got a bunch of their employees locked up for tax evasion.Comes from my last experience on Saturday, July 13th. First time I didn't even manage the get in. A whole lot of people ended up on the guest list, and the table reservation line, middle guest list line, and "off property guest list" line extended all the way to the doors of the casino. Turns out the guy I always used to mess with to get into the venue couldn't do anything for me. And I wasn't going to tolerate the bitchy lady with the clipboard.  Waited all the way until midnight, where the guest list must have a cover at that point.Huge waste of time. Went to Moon Nightclub at the Palms instead. The guy over there told me he send a group of 17 girls to Pure Nightclub only to get turned away at the door.Whatever, you can't sell a "average" experience to a me by being a asshole.
2	Pure was on our agenda the second night in Vegas. We had gotten in touch with a Promoter earlier in the day, placed on the guest list, open bar til midnight for us ladies, and we were set for later that evening. We arrived at Caesars "fashionably late," late in the sense that we probably should have gotten there about an hour earlier not at 11PM. But, hey we figured shouldn't be to much of a wait, WRONG. There line system well it fails, I think they skipped the elementary instructions of line creation, I don't even think I could count how many different lines I saw and at one point what looked like a line was pretty much like people being herded as cattle bunched up and getting impatient, bad situation my friends. I make fun of the herded cattle, but MOO, haha. Apparently that bunched of group "line" was the guest list entry. I'd say the figuring out lines situation and the herding moment it took us about an hour to get into Pure, low and behold midnight no more open bar, womp womp.Upon entry it doesn't look to crowded as your walking down hallways, then there is a people explosion. Downstairs, and my opinion is solely based on downstairs because the whole upstairs was closed off this night. There are three sections: main room in the middle, and two smaller sections one on the left and one to the right. The decor of the club is pretty plain, guess I expected a little more ambiance. And the restroom placement, I don't understand who designed this, they must have a sick-twisted sense of humor. They are located in the furthest possible corner of the main room behind the DJ, requiring you to actually navigate through/across the dance floor, not fun times. While I cant say I had a completely horrible time here, in all its chaos dancing was done, I just cant say that I'll be attending PURE on a future trip to Vegas.
2	Pure is OK-not too great compared to other clubs in LV these days. The line was RIDICK-even with the VIP list and all that. It was too freakin hot in there and the only bathroom was on the top floor-no bueno. I shortly left after being admitted for free. I did enjoy the hip hop room and the nice man who let us sit at tables until they were reserved. But, Ill stick to XS next time thanks
2	I know this is a pretty late review, but I feel that I need to save people from the horrors of this place. I came here for a new year's day party hosted by Puff Daddy. First off, I totally understand it's Vegas on probably the 2nd busiest night of the year. My friends and I decided to get a VIP cabana on the roof. Big mistake. If a rapper is going to host a party, there will be specific types of people who will be attending. The ones who idolize the wrong people and willing to live the lifestyles that the rappers vaunt so much. The poor who try to ball on a budget. The VIP area was completely dead because no one could afford it. I would say it's a good and bad thing. The dance floor was packed so badly that there was no room to dance at all, not even on the walkways because the dancefloor was so full it would spill onto it. If you were on one end of the club and wanted to go to the bathroom, and go back to your same spot, it probably would take you an hour. Next, the VIP area, the bouncers were complete dicks. I brought some women with me, and he made a big deal about how I was trying to sneak friends up so they can bypass the VIP charge per person (which was not the case at all you buffoon, who I tipped $50 anyways). Part of the VIP comes with a bottle of liquor, I was well aware of the price markup on a busy day. I ended up buying another $500 bottle anyways because we ran out, but I did not know that they charge you gratuity no matter what, so I decided to tip 20% on top of the final price of the bottle + 20%, and all she did was bring me a bottle. I think prison would have raped me less than this place did. Try another club.
3	Freaking nightclubs. They are the best. Or the worst. It depends on how you look at it. This one lies somewhere in the middle. We were on the guest list, and told by the promoter to arrive before midnight. We were there at 10:30 PM, in the guest list "corral" (it really isn't a line), and we were finally let in at 11:45. With that being said, the bouncers were alright as far as bouncers went, and this isn't too hard of a club to get into, assuming you are on the list. Waiting the regular line probably would have been suicide, it was long as hell and didn't seem to be moving too swiftly. Of course, if you are a group of six hot blonde girls you are let right in, BUT they were letting fat and ugly people in too, so if that is your situation, and you are willing to wait, this is a club you can get into. The dance floor was alright, pretty big, but freaking packed, as popular clubs typically are.  Spilled drinks everywhere, and fools smoking cigs, which was kind of a downfall for me. Hard to get your dance on with some bro blowing smoke in your face on the dance floor. But it is a big club with multiple rooms, and a rooftop area upstairs. I like the variety at this place. But I don't go to a damn dance club for variety, I go to dance. And I gotta say the DJ here (DJ Shift) sucked ass. Questionable taste in music, and when he was playing a halfway decent song, he would cut it out during a key part in the hook so that the annoying-ass MC could make stupid-ass comments on the microphone, fucking up the rhythm and making it harder to dance. Really lame, really really lame. I am assuming they don't let him DJ every night, but if it turns out that's the case I'd knock the place down to two stars. I can scratch myself in inappropriate places better then he can scratch a record. But hey, its a nightclub. Annoying drunk girls? Yes. Obnoxious drunk guys? Yes. Long lines? Yes. Loud music? Yes. Grinding like a mad man on the dance floor? Oh yes. As far as a nightclub goes, this place is OK. What the hell, A-OK. Three stars.
1	I was in Vegas last weekend for a friends birthday and we decided to stop by. The club wasn't to bad itself but the two bartenders were extremely rude. We bought the Birthday girl a shot and when she took some she spilled a little bit but not even enough to make a puddle. The Bartender swore on her life she threw up on the bar and she looked at us four and said " Get the F*** out of my bar"!! We were all in shock because its unbelievable how she reacted... I mean I'm sure people have actually thrown up on the bar... HELLO it's Vegas!!!! She repeated herself about 5+ times as she swung her towel at us saying she was going to call security. Before that incident happened we were talking to an Australian guy that was clubbing on his own. He was very nice and respectful to everyone. The other bartender told him "Because your cocktail is so hard to make, I'm keeping your 4 dollars". I was thinking to myself who says that shes way to confident! He replied by saying, no problem I was going to give it to you anyway. He told us it's the worse service and said don't let this girl reunion the night!! Finally the bouncer took us outside and was being rude himself but we showed him how full the shot glass was so he let us back in but warned us not to get near the bar. These people need to find a new job because  they think to highly of themselves standing behind that bar....I'm obviously not the only one that thinks that from what the reviews say!!
2	We waited here online for an hour and a half for the place to open. Lady's get free vodka drinks til midnight, but of course you can't get in til 11:30. What is the point of that besides a rip off. We were looking forward to a mix of music, but got mostly hip hop instead. The place was packed and I was wearing a drink within 5 minutes. Never again. Cheers
2	Ah PURE, the club occupying prime real estate in the middle of the Strip at Ceasar's Palace and blessed with all the excesses and vices of Vegas clubbing. Over-priced drinks? Indubitably. Lazily mixed cocktails? Of course. Staff catering almost exclusively to the bottle service crowd? Check. Half the crowd so drunk they can barely move on the dance floor without stepping on your feet? Without question. However the roof top view is fantastic and the club looks very pretty, that is until you realize that more than 1/2 the space is cordoned off for private tables. Which is fine on a busy night but even on a Sunday when the club is more or less empty the whole bottle service area is closed off. I get that clubs make a killing selling a bottle of Captain Morgan for 500 bucks but PURE probably takes that business strategy a step too far. However I have to say that PURE has the most pleasant bouncers of just about any Vegas club. They get you into the club quickly and don't try to put on the "tough guy" routine that just about every bouncer tries to project to get a better "private" entrance fee. I guess if you're staying at Caesar's and get a free pass with your room you could do worse than stop by PURE on a slow night just to enjoy the view. But keep your visit short and head over to Tryst, XS, or Marquee if you actually want a memorable and worthwhile  club experience.
3	I've had great times at Pure.  I think it all depends on who you have bouncing in the front.  The first time I got in with no problem, no waiting and no cover charge on a busy night. We were all girls though. The second time it was just a hassle to get in.  We were suppoused to be on a list and we were told we werent.  They don't allow sneakers or so they say but there were several people with sneakers coming in and out of the club.  I will admit we werent over the top dress because we had just drivien six hours from Salt Lake City to come celebrate our friend's 21st bday. We were suppouse to surprise her but that got ruined with all the hassle we got.  My husband was wearing sneakers cause he forgot his at home from rushing so he hunted down some shoes.  Finally after an hour we got in.  They almost charged my husband cover charge but one of the bouncers was nice enough not to charge him since he showed his military id.  The drinks are expensive.  If you don't want to spend too much then get buzzed before you get there.
1	It might have been an off night, but I don't think I'd ever go back here.  Located in Caesar's Palace, this place was packed on Tuesday night.  We got there around 10 to get in free for the guest list.  The line was long, but moved at least.  They separated the lines: off property guest list, guest list, women guest list, no guest list. so make sure you aren't waiting for 30 minutes in the wrong line. the venue itself was large, but filled to capacity. there is one main dance floor with pockets of space on the sides, VIP areas surrounding and two bars. there is an upstairs area that was closed off when we went. ladies got wristbands for free drinks. IF YOU GET CAUGHT SHARING DRINKS WITH GUYS THEY WILL TAKE YOUR WRISTBAND. just a warning.we were having a pretty good time, dancing in a very packed area. getting very hot and sticky. and then we smelled it. throw up. the staff did it's best to clean it up while maneuvering around gyrating bodies, but the smell lingered and was wafted throughout the dance floor as the giant fan by the bathrooms blew the smell into the crowd. we tried to escape the smell by walking around, to which we were told we were not allowed to stand in any of the hallway areas off to the side or the corners of the club outside of the VIP area. we left around 1:00 and found the Gossy's Room which was actually playing better music anyways.
1	I wish I could give this place 0 stars. I was there this past Saturday. We waited for over an hour to get into this place and it was not even close to being worth it. It was packed and crowded and completely disorganized. Not to mention we were in the Guest List line. Awful. Anyway, thank goodness we got in for free. Cover would have been $30 bucks and I would have hated myself for paying it and having a terrible time inside. I did manage to pay $16 dollars for a watered down Vodka Red Bull. Thanks. The music wasn't good either. I recognized maybe one song. The rest was a terrible concoction of whatever the DJ was making up. When we did make our way to the dance floor, it was chaos. And NOT the good kind. There were way too many people trying to fit into too small a space making it simply impossible to dance, let alone move. We were out of there within 20 minutes tops. I rarely take the time to write reviews. So seriously, don't waste your time at this establishment. With all the other clubs to choose from, use this as a last resort.Terrible.
1	Ugh.  Just no.  Why?  It takes forever to get in.  It's complete anarchy trying to get in, even when your name is ON the list.  The music is boring and repeated often.  The drinks are small and expensive.  The crowd is, um, less than savory.  The floor is wet...all the time.  And a trip to the bathrooms requires a sherpa guide.  Stick to the deli outside Pure.  The drinks and service are better and you get to hear the music from the Pussycat slots nearby.My parting memory of Pure was walking outside alongside some Guidettes who had taken off their shoes and could barely stand.  One of them started ralphing on the sidewalk outside Ceaser's while the other girl held her hair.  Classy!
1	I'm a local so maybe its not appealing to those like me. Couldn't take the crowdimg, no room to dance anywhere. A bigger guy like me, can be very uncomfortable. I have XM so the music does nothing to me, but I guess the Top 40 stuff is good for those who don't listen to a lot of music.Sorry, I don't care if its the strip....I cant get with $11.00 watered down cranberry and vodka. You'll never win with that. Maybe one day there will be a club on the Strip not so pretentious and overhyped.
5	Automatically got VIP tickets (from purchasing a Chippendale's ticket). If you check in via foursquare you get free, front-of-the-line access for a year, which is not bad at all. Place was JAM PACKED! Rooftop was gorgeous. I believe it's open bar until 11:30.  My only complaint was that it was hot as hell in the main room. I was surprised that they didn't have misters blowing on the rooftop either. Heat + alcohol = no bueno.
1	Let me begin by saying this is my first club in Vegas and my friend and I met some guy who added us to the guest list. We had no idea what to expect, but decided to go. We got all dolled up, went to the club and got our wristbands (the line wasn't too bad for girls), which allowed us to get free vodka drinks until midnight. We go in, everything is cool. The place seems pretty big from the entrance, but once you step in you see a huge crowd of people that are blocking the walkway. I honestly felt claustrophobic my entire visit. To get away from the crowd, we decided to go over to the bar. I ordered a vodka with cranberry juice. It was good. My friends and I walk over to the dance floor and a bunch of creepos start trying to talk to us. I tell them to leave us alone and we continue walking to the front. At the front, there was a worker cleaning up a spilled drink. He got mad when my friend accidentally rubbed against him. He told security and then the security came to talk to her. He ended up understanding that she was just dancing and not harassing the worker. The night got worse when my friends wanted to take a smoke break outside. We walk to the outside, everything is good. And then when we try to come back inside, when the security tells my friend, who happens to be disabled, that she cannot come in because she is too intoxicated. Woah, there buddy that is my home girl you are talking about. To me, she seemed coherent and fine. Plus, it's Vegas everyone is drunk, why single her out? We ask if we can speak to the manager. After 10 minutes, the manager came out and he was understanding, but agreed that she was too drunk to come back inside.  He offers me and my other friend a free round of drinks if a) he gets security to escort her to a taxi or b) we take her back to the hotel and come back. Obviously, we're not going to leave her alone, so we grab a taxi all the way back to the MGM Signature and drive back. At this point, I was over it. But because of the free round of drinks my friend insisted on us going.We go back in, get two cards for free drinks. Go to the bar and order the drinks. Everything seemed to be OK. We danced and had a good time. But then somehow my iPhone 4S slips out of my purse... At this point, I'm looking around the floor for my phone. I start asking people around me if maybe they saw a phone on the floor and nobody has any idea about what I was talking about.  I go talk to security and he tells me to wait around until 5 p.m. when the securities turn in everything they have found at the club into the lost and found. We wait, no luck... I've called back many times and filed a report. My iPhone has been lost in the abyss of PURE Nightclub. Thanks for ruining my trip, PURE.
4	We ended up here purely by accident and loved it! We were looking for a place to go dance and as we were walking by Caesar's a guy was outside handing out passes for no cover before midnight. We took the passes and headed into the Casino. Right in front of Pure was another guy handing out the same passes and he told us to get into the Guest List line which was shorter,even though we weren't on the guest list. We were inside the club within 5 minutes of entering the hotel. Pure is pretty much a rooftop club overlooking the strip. I danced for hours just looking at the Eiffel Tower. Can't complain about that, now can you? The DJ was awesome and I wish I can remember his name because I loved pretty much everything he played. The drinks were pretty pricey but I guess you can expect that in Vegas. I'd definitely come back!
2	I wished my Friend followed my suggestion and we could have tried somewhere Else. This place is played out to me. It is cool once or twice but not as the go to spot. I've been to Pure 3 or 4 times at this point and I've also been steeped in nightlight for quite sometime. It may have been an off night due to the full moon but these are some things that made say meh: Some guy barfed in the section next to us. They charged her card twice. The person neglected to mention the top level ONLY played electronica all night. My gf had a total diva-tude and it was getting kind of uncomfortable to chill.  However the saving grace of this place is the staff. Rick Moon, German, the bouncer with the big buckle, and the tall waitress with dark hair were genuine & really made the night. They spoke to me about their lives, their successes and things in between. I'd go back just for them.
4	I had a really good time at Pure, but I can see how others might not.The lines were indeed confusing.  4 different lines and no clear indication as to which was which (there were signs but the signs would just be between two lines, so most people didn't know which ones they were referring to).  When we got there Sunday of Labor Day Weekend, it wasn't even a long wait, and we probably got there around 12:30.The one really good thing about Pure is the music.  Best music I've ever heard in the club.  Great mixes that really pump up your adrenaline.  I think my friends and I also had a good time because we got access to the upper balcony, which is guarded by a bouncer.  In that sense, we weren't overwhelmed by the crowd.  BUT when we eventually left the balcony and made our way to the main dancefloor, it was atrociously crowded.  So if you don't want to deal with the crowd, just stay clear of the main floor and you'll be fine.
4	This place is good.. My recommendation for guys: Go with a few girls...We went on a Saturday night and it was free for girls with free Vodka drinks from 10:30 to 12:00.. Guys were $20..The girls kept getting free drinks for everyone... My wife was able to go up and walk away with a drink in five minutes max.The roof top lounge is very nice... great view of the Strip
1	I was here for an attorney's conference in July. It has taken me this long to collect my thoughts to write this review as I have NEVER, and I mean NEVER, been treated so horribly at a club. This club is in the hotel where a huge attorney's conference took place in July. My friends, (1 who was  an attorney and a speaker at the conference) and I decided to give this place a try. We played the usual wait-in-iine game as clubs do. Once in, we began to scope it out and noticed that there were no seats, no real dance floor (more like a dance space--a joke),  and all tables and booths were taken. Literally you had to stand; not even a seat at the bar or the rooftop. Ridiculous. We three ladies were invited into a booth 3 different times by  3 different groups of men (all non-black) but the same RACIST white bouncer kicked us out of the groups each and every time. At no point were we asked if we wanted to get a booth. Instead we were kicked out and about repeatedly and rudely.Finally, I said to the bouncer as did my attorney friend, that he was treating us 3 black women differently than others, we noticed...he hadn't asked us if we wanted a booth, bottle service, or even to allow us to sit with a group when invited...for all he knew this group was one we intended to meet up with at the club. That said, he became quick to deny that he was being racist but we pointed out that many other females (non-black) werent being followed  or harassed like we were. We could have enjoyed the night a little but literally even if we stood in one place too long we were told we were in the way and had to move.... to that I say, make a bona fide dance floor for folks to commune with the music and one another instead of a club laced with booths and tables that must be reserved for $150 with bottle service.I hate to write such a negative review especially about a racist type of treatment but this was so over the top that my attorney friend and I actually discussed suing the club for the distinct racist treatment. WE WILL NEVER RETURN. I suggest you consider your own attendance carefully.
1	I just started following them on twitter because I have been looking into my next places to visit in Vegas. Subsequently,  their VIP manager began following me. I noticed that his posts were very anti-Obama and  while everyone is entitled to their opinions, as a manager of a company, whose goal is to get more customers, you need to be more careful about voicing your opinions. And all he said to me is that they will survived just fine without my business. They sure will cause its clearly not the place for me or any of my friends or family.
1	We were on the guest list so we got there around 10:30 thinking we'll get in with no lines and no problems. There were no problems but the line took FOREVER!! I guess they had several different events going on so each event had their own separate line. It was also veterans day weekend and the anniversary of the marines. I'm assuming its not that difficult to get onto the guest list because the line was PACKED! My gf and I got wristbands for free drinks until midnight because it was ladies night. The guys looked totally bummed but we just figured we'd give some of our drinks to them. Boy were we wrong! We were only allowed to get a new drink after we finished the drink we had from before. I gave one of mine to my bf and went to get a new drink. When the bartender saw my bf with a special pink cup that were only given out to ladies, he literally snatched the cup away from him and dumped it in the trash with some serious attitude. Plan fail :( They used some cheapo vodka anyway so what were they being so strict about? The drinks were beyond expensive. The club is newly renovated so they added another dance floor. ALL THREE FLOORS WERE PACKED! Literally u couldnt even shake your butt without grinding on someone else that you had no intention of grinding on. I kept getting pushed and shoved and were all so fed up that we just figured it wasn't worth it and left. If i had paid to get in, I would've been beyond furious!! Choose another club ladies and gentlemen. Maybe we just came on a bad night, but I would still say its not worth it.
1	Don't come to this place . Was on guest. List on a Friday. Nite paid 1460 for vip service. Once in had to walk upstairs to find out my party had to walk down stairs and talk to the vip marking host because of the deal he gave us... After 15minutes passes by finally  management  get us to our vip booth of course they had to kick out three people that were sitting at that booth.we had three different bartenders and two of them mess up two of my drinks told me that they didn't hear me because of his earpeace.  Bartender told me leave the drinks on the table someone will drink it . Had to ask security to please call the bartender  management. It took them 45minutes for the manager to come to me and see what was wrong. He told me the two males were not bartenders just there to pick up finished drinks to ask the female host to mix any drinks ....security was rude .service Was crappy the dance floor is a joke. I am never coming to this nite club in my life even if u pay me to to come to this nite . Go to another nite club save yourself from the crappy dance floor rude security and bartenders
1	OKAY.... ghetto crowd is all i can say. music mainly hip-hop. the dance area is soo small, we ordered adios MF and there was absolutely no alcohol, the vodka and redbull was also pretty weak. the vip area is roped off which i think looks odd and cheap. bathroom was filthy. had an awful time there. I'm glad we didn't have to pay or wait in line.
3	Arrived on a Sunday because our friend invited us for his birthday and he had a friend who worked there. So we got to skip the line and fee and go hang out in booth overlooking the dance floor. The decor was cool I loved the white roses on the table and the music was really good but had we not had the extra perks I wouldn't really return. The dance floor is so packed, how can you even move? we had to squeeze by too get anywhere. The drinks are crazy expensive and the bartenders were kind of rude. Better clubs to visit,
1	Don't pay to get in... Ever
2	Pure is one of those overrated clubs that everyone has heard of and wants to try, but no one really likes it.I came on a Tuesday night in late November, so I understand that they would close off the majority of the club (only the main dance floor was open), but... that still sucks. There's absolutely no where to go EXCEPT the dancefloor, and sometimes you just need a break from the disgusting creepers, ya know?We got guestlist, which meant free entry and nothing else. But it went smoothly, even though 2 people from my group weren't there yet. They let us in no problem, and said the others can join us later.The music was pretty good, a mix of top 40 and hip hop. Crowd was questionable.I'll say this about Pure though: this is the only club where I've seen the security guys having as much fun as the partygoers. They're always ready for an impromptu rave show on the way to the restroom!
2	Compared to XS and Tao, this was terrible. I would not return unless I was put in the same situation that brought me here: ~15-20 of my girlfriends wanted to go.Not sure why some of my friends had fun (probably because they haven't gone out much), but I did not enjoy the venue. It was a Tuesday night and we got in free on the guestlist, but the first floor was absolutely packed. Worse than a frat party. It was impossible, took us forever to find the other half of our party. We arrived just when the open bar had ended, which I didn't care for. I found a friend who had gotten a free drink, tried it, and was glad I didn't try to come earlier and suffer waiting at the bar; it tasted like water and hawaiian punch mix. I felt like I was a freshman again. In a packed room, sweaty people around me, and watery drinks.  All night, it was next to impossible to try to get a drink at the tiny bar. Pretty disappointing. Took a cab from NY NY to Caesars to be super uncomfortable surrounded by sweaty people and not-danceable music? I wish I stayed back at the hotel to gamble or went to another club by myself. I might as well mention cabs here are SO MUCH MORE expensive than NYC cabs. (I think it was approx $3.50 flat rate, with $0.30 per every 1/13th of a mile? But sitting at stop lights, the meter still kept going up. Pretty sure we got charged $5+ sitting at a light and it didn't help when the driver kept choosing to be in the slowest lane.) Anyways, after discovering the upstairs, I hung out on the balcony for the remainder of the night. The fresh air and lack of a sardine-packed area was so refreshing after being crammed in downstairs. The view was okay, the table a mutual friend had was okay, and the crowd was okay. There was much more space there, phew. It was more for lounging and chitchatting. The venue also seemed to only have one bathroom for all those hundreds of people?? When I was downstairs, I was directed upstairs for the bathroom. There's 2-3 stalls for women, and an unusually huge line extending back ~10+ people out the doorway.
2	Free entrance, free drinks, still only two stars. The place was kind of empty, even at midnight, and only a few people were dancing.
2	Pure did not live up to its name. Pure what? Pure-fun? Pure-joy? Nah. How about Pure-disappointment? Pure-crap? Pure(ly)-ghetto? I don't know. Perhaps I've just  been spoiled by that of Marquee; perhaps I was just bitter. That said, our party of 6 (4 girls, 2 guys) ventured to Pure on a Tuesday night. My two stars are for the great promoter we met outside of Caesar's..I think his name was Jesus? We had already planned on Pure that night, but Jesus hooked us up on his private guest list. Our girls got in free in a matter of 5 minutes, while my buddy and I entered a separate line and were in for free in a matter of 15 minutes. Not too shabby. TIP: Ladies, this place is definitely more for you. Ladies had free open bar until midnight, and if you were deemed "hot enough" (our 4 were..score for them) by the bouncers, said ladies are allowed into the VIP table area above the main dance floor. A few of my friends were given endless champagne. So, now, why does this place lack? Let me count the ways. 1. The music. Now, full disclosure, I really am a fan of hip-hop/Top 40 (AKA what the DJs here spin). However, I felt like I was transported back to middle school with a majority of the music. I'll get to this a bit more later. 2. Questionable people. 3. Yes, I understand that the bar will be busy, I won't dock stars for that. But when my buddy's Red Bull costs the same as my beer and he gets carded THREE different times while IN the club, that just becomes an unnecessary nuisance. Aren't your bouncers supposed to be properly trained to spot fakes or whatever outside the club? He had both stamps. 4. Oh, Pure. Aren't you special-- let's have the restroom through the dance floor with sketchy people going absolutely insane while your way-past-its-prime "hip-hop" rattles in the background. It's cool. Who thought it was a great idea to put the bathrooms through the packed-like-sardines dance floor? While taking 5-10 minutes to maneuver through the inferno of aforementioned questionable people, I got decked in the face by some blacked-out, irritating girl flailing her arms around during "Ice Cream Paintjob." Add that to the lowest moments of my life. Favorite part? She yells at me and says that it's my fault. Cool, thanks. Upon asking the bouncer if he would let me through the EMPTY table area to the left of the dance floor to get to the restrooms, he looked at me like an infant and essentially scolded me for asking. COOL IT. Alright, rant over. *Funniest part of the night to assuage my irritation? One of my friends was talking to a guy at a table, and when he said it was his birthday, she made the decision that the birthday boy needed a lap dance. She was subsequently thrown out even after the protests of said birthday boy. Oops? Would I go again? I mean, probably not. But if I'm in a party that has a table, it's a consideration, especially on a Tuesday night when nothing else is really open except for 1Oak at Mirage.
1	Hanging out at Pure to catch a glimpse of the one hit K-Pop wonder Psy felt akin to being shuttled around like cattle. I think the goal was to pack in as many people as humanely possible before a serious fire hazard became a possibility. The normal Vegas crowd (read: scantily dressed ) was queued out in front. We were on the guest list (thanks to my brother- I'm not cool enough for that) so thankfully we didn't have to wait with said crowd.As soon as we entered I was thrilled I didn't have to pay for this debaucle. The architect who designed the club should be banned from ever designing a club again. Super cramped with huge support columns throughout the club. It was incredibly awkward, difficult to discern where the actual dance floor was, and we were all forced to gawk at the VIP section (smack dab in the middle), who had loads of space to spare (bastards). The last thing I want to look at is a bunch of half naked hooches gyrating to some terrible pop dance hit. Ugg my eyes were burning...They kept trying to shuttle around the crowds so everytime we tried to find a place to stand, security tried to move us over. At one point I asked the security guard where he wanted us to go and he smiled and said good question. Even he recognized the absurdity of the situation. Please don't bother paying for this club. Its a joke..
3	I came here for new years weekend with a couple of my girls and it was packed!! There hip hop dance floor was packed but another room that was playing house music wasn't as bad. I love the interior and the drinks weren't as expensive as the place I went the night before. The only reason I didn't have to wait in the LONG line was because I was able to get in touch with a promoter to get us on the guest list.
1	Went to this place on a Tuesday around 1:30 am. They wouldn't let me in because I was wearing reebok classics. Bouncer told me I couldn't wear sneakers, but just before that he let a group of five people wearing chuck Taylor's and vans in. He said because those shoes are a fashion statement. Don't bother going, this place discriminates go to Hyde instead.
4	This is the 3rd time I've been to PURE and I always have a good time.  The club is huge with a lot of different rooms and different music playing in each room.  I would recommend the main room if you are able to afford a table and bottle.  Like most clubs in Vegas it is not much fun without a table and bottle service.  The place gets packed and you end up spending as much at the bar as you would on a bottle.  Everyone is very nice and helpful from the bouncers to the waitresses.  They are never rude or push you to get out once you have finished your bottles (like some clubs do).  The dance floor and bar area tends to get packed so be aware of that.  Also if you need to use the bathroom I recommend going outside of the club right next to the entrance.  There is no use trying to make it to the bathroom in the club (you have to cut through the dance floor).
2	I got bottle service, $425 cheapest bottle, really depends where your table is at, and the music was very techno-y, too much of that, females mostly stay downstairs where the music is better, prob wont go back there
2	I was in Vegas exploring Caesars Palace when a promoter approached me with a hook up to Pure. I didn't have night plans so I decided "Hey! Why not!" The promotion they were giving was half off for guys before 12 AM and free admission for the ladies with drinks for the ladies before 12 AM. I figured the guy was nice and I should check out a new scene. Meh.The line was long but it was cool...moved fast. However, the SUPER smoky stuffy feel of Caesars really agitated my allergies. I think it was the low ceilings ...I mean, duh its Vegas...but it was so stuffy and smoky in there that it irked me while waiting in line. Then once I reached the top of the line, the bouncer doubted that my ID was mine. First off, it WAS! I am 26 years old I do not need to be trying to get in some lame ass club. Second, I don't think bending my ID was going to help if it was fake or not. Then he asked me if I had a credit card on me. Hahahaha. How does that prove if its me? Or if I am "of age?" And, I don't bring my card to the clubs fools, like most ladies with a GOOD MAN...my MAN takes care of my drinks on date night!!! And when I'm with the ladies, I bring cash...so I don't blow it on random high caloried drinks.I'm from Cali fools..get an ID scanner (our IDs don't look cheap and can be scanned for our info in Cali, or at least a UV LED flashlight. I know, this is Nevada and many people come from out of state...at least invest in the UV LED, they use those in airports. Geez!!!!Once I got in there, the club seemed nice... flashy, modern and with tons of rooms and bars. What I liked was there was so many different rooms that catered to different styles of music and when you walked around you can only hear the type of music in your area ...no spill over of the other room's music. The DJ playing EDM + 90's was pretty awesome too! So one star for that. Also, the free drinks were vodka only drinks. I didn't care, its just it would of been nice to be told that when the promoter picked me up. He made it seem like all the drinks were free up until 12 AM. So I drank A LOT of Pineapple vodkas that night--- Another star for that!!I think I still love XS and Tryst over Pure. After midnight, I can barely breath in there. I felt like a goldfish gasping for air so I left right at 12:30 for PH's Rockbar instead hahaha!
1	Worst Vegas club I've been to. The line was way too long (even for the guest list), the bartenders were rude, the dance floor was too small, and the vibe was just plain weird. I was there on a Tuesday night so maybe that's why there was such crappy music and so many creepers? Nevertheless, I won't go back unless I have an open bar again and no other options.
4	We had the whole top floor to ourselfs. It was very nice and a lot of fun. After our party ended we went into the club and it was pumping. Music loud and it was wall to wall people. To many people. i dont like it when you cant move. BTW the door guys have so much attitude. Dont get me wrong i like the place. Its just all the clubs have the door guys who want hand outs. They have 10 differnt lines. I typically go VIP so its not a wait, but they still have to much attitude.Visited July 2011
2	We had purchased front of the line, open bar tickets from Vegas.com for Pure at Caesars to celebrate my 35th birthday. Our night started off great at Pure. The bouncers and bar staff was super nice at explaining our deal from vegas.com! Unfortunately, one of the staff had approached my husband while we were in the patio area and pointed at his drink and told him "man, that's a girls drink", took his drink from him, and walked away. We were not causing any problems, none of us were drunk, or causing any reason to have our drinks taken away. I'm 35, hubby a little older. We are NOT the young, drunk, belligerent fools spilling their drinks everywhere!  Anyways....I approached the staff person while he was attending to table service guests. He said his name was Nema (I heard Nemo, but he quickly said "with an A! Nem-A!").  I had told him that he didn't need to be rude to guests by insulting them, telling a guy he's drinking a girly drink! He didn't apologize, said "what do you want me to say!" and throwing his hands up, dismissed me, and just walked away. We left immediately after, about 12:30AM. Pure is a beautiful nightclub, awesome patio up top with nice views. I enjoyed my time up until my interactions with Nema. I am just sharing our experience in hopes your other guests won't have to deal with the same disrespect!
4	The only time i come here is durring the DEFCON hackers conference so i dont really have any weekend or regular experience here.  What I do like about the place is the DJ's I have seen here. Oakenfold and Chrystal Method in a small venue like this is just awesome.
1	Awful. Place was way oversold, and had such a ridiculous floor plan, you are constantly being herded around like a bunch of cattle. On top of that they have the weakest $15 drinks. I didn't purchase bottle service, but I never have in a Vegas club and I've never had a bad experience in any other Vegas club.
4	Way back when, Pure was my 1st Vegas club that I got bottle service at.Fast forward to now, and the club has aged but you got to give it credit for still being a mainstay after all these years when it has dealt with competition from newer venues on the Strip.So why would you come to Pure?-If you're looking for a great deal on bottle service, you'll find it here.  Certain hosts will give you buy 1 get 1 on bottles here easy. Even if it's a group of 4-5 guys. So if you are on a budget but still want to do bottle service. Keep Pure in mind.-It's easy to get in for free, if you don't want to do bottle service or spend $40+ on cover at another club. Walking through the casino early in the evening, and more then likely you'll find promoters to give you comp passes.-For people who absolutely can't stand EDM or house music, Pure is open format and will play a little bit of everything. Overall, I have had a great time whenever I visit Pure. The crowd isn't as "sexy" as Marquee or xS. And nowadays, I usually just stop by at one point of the night but it's worth visiting if you fit the criteria that I posted!
2	I went with a few girlfriends last Tuesday, and I've never felt so much like a sardine in my life!  While I liked the music (I'm a dork and like music I can sing along to instead of the house/techno/electro music other places play), everything else was just awful.CONS:Ridiculously long wait - we probably waited all of 45 minutes in the ladies' line.  From what I could tell, the VIP line and the guest list lines weren't any faster.  We got into XS and Surrender in less than a fifth of that time!Where were the ridiculously good-looking people??? - I saw them at the places we went during the weekend, but I guess they all went home by Tuesday.  I guess that's not really the club's fault though.Rude people - Not only were they not ridiculously good-looking, they also had the misfortune to be ridiculously rude, at least the other girls.  Maybe they were also upset by the lack of ridiculously good-looking guys?  One girl pointed out to a friend that she was not a guy, and to kindly stop grinding on her.  Another girl told me to stop elbowing her or she'd punch me.  I'm not sure if they had severe agoraphobic issues or had too much too drink at the open bar and didn't realize this, but there was literally no room to move, and even if you just stood there, the jostling of everyone around you will push you into someone.  Poor restroom placement - To get to the restroom, you literally had to push your way through the mob of writhing bodies in front of the stage.  Which also contributed to the people being pushed against each other.  Maybe on other days it wasn't like this, but on the day we went, the most expedient way of going to the restroom was roped off.  WHY would they do this?  PROS:Good music - I'm one of those people who actually like it when the DJ plays music I recognize and can sing along to, so I appreciated this. Two hour long open bar - This may have contributed to some people's churlishness on the dance floor, but we greatly appreciated the two-hour long open bar for ladies.  There were also multiple bars, so none of them were too crowded.Easier to get to than other clubs - it's in the center of the strip, and it doesn't take as long and meandering a route getting there as with some places.  Always a plus when you're already slightly tipsy.In summary: Go if you really enjoy the press of strangers' bodies flush against yours and are indifferent to what they look like and the possibility of being yelled at and/or threatened.  Otherwise, I'd skip it.  Maybe it's different on days that are not Tuesdays?
1	I don't understand why they wouldn't implement crowd control. It's a tiny dance floor, there's absolutely no room for dancing. The most we were able to muster was an awkward wiggling. The only redeeming quality was access to the second level for a nighttime view of the Strip, but that was crowded too. We stayed for exactly 15 minutes, and I will not be going back.
1	They treat people very bad.  This is everything I hate about a Night Club?  You have to work very hard to do this bad.
1	This place was horrendous.  We bought VIP line passes that included two hours of drinks.  Arrived, and there was no line, so we totally did not need that VIP pass.  In order to sit ANYWHERE in this place, you needed to buy a couch, and this was a $375 minimum.  Give me a break.  A bottle of Bacardi is $12 at the store.  The music and DJ were good, but the place was way too crowded (they had not opened the other area even though they advertise how large this place is) and the bathrooms were almost impossible to get to (behind the dance floor).  Bartenders were quick and friendly.  Anyway, I would never go here again.
4	People need to go to a metal show if you wanna know what cramped actually feels like.That being said, me and my girlfriend came here on a Sunday night on the Guest List via Chris (see my other review for Free Vegas VIP Passes) and out of all the clubs we visited, this was my favorite. We got here right before midnight, so she couldn't take advantage of the open bar for ladies until then. But trust me, girls were like vultures, furiously flocking to the one bartender in the area and attacking him for a free drink before the clock struck 12. Yes, this place is quite crowded. I actually thought the bar was worse than the dance floor. If you are timid, you will get consistently pushed back by more aggressive, borderline alcoholic attendees who are desperate for a drink. Most of these people needed drinks in order to convince themselves that their date/grindee was worth the inevitable one night stand.It was sweaty and a bit weird having older gentlemen hover over the dance floor like patrolling dads who made sure I didn't hit on their daughters, but the music made up for it. Not too sure who the DJ was that night, but he was rocking the shit out of the 1's and 2's. Instead of that garbage EDM or techno or whatever the fuck it's called these days, he was playing songs that I actually knew, which was amazing. Granted, I still didn't like them because Ke$ha is an abomination and most pop music is garbage these days, but there were some throwbacks that I enjoyed and the transitions were seamless. So the DJ gets 5 stars for sure.While I thought we had ample space to dance around, my girlfriend differed and after about an hour or so, we had to leave because she felt like she was gonna pass out. Blame it on the alcohol I guess. Actually, it was probably the small dance floor. Either way, I had a great time. And people were really friendly. I received a handful of compliments on my suspenders and mustache, which made me feel good inside.IF YOU HATE MUSIC WITHOUT LYRICS, GO HERE TO DANCE AND SING AND HAVE A GOOD TIME.
2	It's a nice club, but definitely not worth the price of admission. I expected more. I guess if I was from a small town this would've been a hit. Prissy asian/white chicks and fairly ratchet black chicks...not much else...at least that was the scenery when I was there. Not worth a repeat. Bunk
1	I'm so confused bout all the 5 stars. It must be hired help writing the reviews.   We stood in line for bottle service, waited for over an hour, were herded like cattle and were treated with so much disrespect.  I never felt like they wanted us to be there.   ATTENTION GUYS.... be sure to check the line outside the club to get in before you pay the thousands of dollars for bottle service.  I think you will be unimpressed with the less than exceptional talent and that's exactly what is inside the club.   Phat, phat, phat.  Small tables and completely overpriced for Vegas.  They have far too much competition to even give this place a try.
4	This place is one of the best spots to party at on a Tuesday night. The music mixing from a little of house to mostly hip hop which is nice from the ocassual house.  The crowd is great too,  everybody mostly dances with each other and the bartenders are always cool too.  They some how always understand what your listening too even though the music is blasting in the background. Overall,  the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because of how crowed it can get on the roof top section sometimes but what Vegas club isn't crowed. This place is awesome overall.
4	Sophisticated nightlife with a twist. By far the most illustrious club that I visited while in Vegas over Labor Day weekend. The ground floor had the best dance and techno music. The only bad thing about Pure is that they rope off a VIP section that obstructs the path to the restroom so you have to walk all the way around. I must say, the bouncer was really nice though so I was ok with not giving him a hard time about it. The rooftop deck is awesome! Drinks are always flowing and it's easy to mingle with fellow party people. There are various floors and the sophisticated vibe makes for a better-than-usual clubbing experience. I would definitely go again.
4	The music is ok. The line outside can be intense at times it really helps to have a promoter to a table.  But if your a 7 diamond member you get to cut the line you get 2 ppl in free and chances are if you charge the remaining ppl in your party to your room if your staying at one of the Harrahs property's such as pure (Cesar's) it will be taken care of.    (note nights out here are very hit or miss you can always tell if its jumping off beacuse it will be a zoo by the front entrance )      patio upstairs typically open till 3 am  and inside club typically open till 4 am      please party responsibly     ( haha)
4	Went last night. Security wasn't too bad, not as bad as other places. Club is amazing inside and the music's great.
3	I had to use the bathroom and there was no way I was waiting in the long line even though I befriended some girls towards the front of the line who would've let me in if I wanted. I decide to go to the casino and go to and use those bathrooms and them come back in. Good plan very proud of my self. The only problem I saw with this club is the set up. It was like a maze to get back to my table which was outside with a view just beautiful.  There was too many stairs and lefts and rights. I was like good thing I am not too drunk or this could be a mess. I made it back ok in a timely manor but couldn't believe the stairs and turns it took to get there. I recommend this club though it was beautiful and fun.
2	Pure is a nice looking place that provided a mediocre experience.  I know that exclusivity is something that is important for night clubs in Las Vegas to have, but an upscale image becomes meaningless when you make your customers feel unwelcomed and uncomfortable.This past Sunday was my first visit to Pure. From the time we arrived, I felt like they could care less about our enjoyment.  It was as if they were doing us a favor by even letting us in.  Our names were on a VIP list through a Las Vegas promoter that I have had great experiences using before, and they still gave us a hard time getting in.  They pushed bottle service, sent us to the wrong line, and then told me that I was lucky to get in since I was wearing sneakers as I was walking in.  I can understand that they would like for people not to wear sneakers, but they should keep the comments to themselves since we were already headed in.  There was no one else there on a Sunday night...of course they were going to let us in!  They just didn't need to make it like we were entering a maximum security military base.Once inside, we saw that the whole lower level was closed.  The upstairs balcony was the only area open, and it was tight (as in no room!).  Half of it was roped off for bottle service, and there was only a few people who actually bought it.  It was a huge waste of space, and everyone else ended up getting funneled into the middle of the balcony.  It caused a ridiculous bottleneck to get drinks, with the narrowest part being right in the middle of the dance floor.  Navigating around Pure was such a pain! Having to walk through the crowded dance floor every time I wanted to get a drink made it not worth the trouble.  They could easily solve the problem by having another bar on the opposite side as well.The music at Pure was okay.  It was pretty good to begin with, but inexplicably got slower as the night went on.  It was more up tempo when we got there, and by the time we left it was just depressing.  The DJ was also not the greatest at mixing the music, so it was kind of a buzz kill.  Pure is a nice looking place, but was not as fun as it should have been.  With a few minor adjustments, Pure could offer a really great experience.  It is just not a customer friendly place, and was uncomfortable to be at from the start.  There are lot of other night clubs in Las Vegas that do a better job about making the experience fun, and I will stick with those places until Pure adjusts its environment.
3	This nightclub is definitely a good place to go to on a Wednesday night when all the other nightclubs are still closed for the week. The gals and I stayed at the hotel during our trip so we were told we were able to enter without paying the cover charge, but we still had to get the wristbands for the drink specials. There was not a line, so we entered without a problem. The dance floor is semi-spacious. The DJ plays the right type of music if you are into hip hop. We tried requesting for some dance, but that was a no-go. But then again, when you are with a fun crowd it doesn't really matter what music is playing, right??!
2	Went here for their halloween party and was a bit disappointed. This club is okay. From looking at the pictures I thought it would be bigger and more lavish than it is. Maybe I'm spoiled :) Getting into this club is impossible when they have a big name guest. There are a million different lines. I'll pass unless I'm VIP. A lot of late 20s-30 somethings seem to go here. If you are going to utilize open bar, make sure you get to the bar at least 10 minutes prior to cut off because some of the bartenders are dicks and will not accommodate you even if they saw you standing in line.
2	I was excited to go but disappointed when i got there..too many lines. it was like organized chaos. Finally after speaking to someone i got into the right line..because we got in. It was a lot of very very long lines. And like i said it didnt seem organized at all. NOW once inside it was SOOOO crowded you barely could move. Even though they had several different rooms they all seemed to be already filled to capacity. My friend and i said it was a fire hazard for sure. People pushing and shoving just to walk anywhere. The club itself would have been more enjoyable had there been enough room to even breathe. No room to dance with someone,just stand still and move you head a little bit lol. Just as we were going to leave Pharrell walks past us...cool lets go to the next room and hear him perform..that was a journey. We really tried but even standing there another 15 min was too painful..like i said it was too crowded and i honestly didint feel safe. Had there been a fire people would have gotten trampled and trapped for sure. That too many people. Anyway maybe another time but last night not so good.
3	We got in here thanks to Chris hooking us up. It's a really pretty club and I would have loved to hang out inside more, but someone throw up some where in the club making the whole club smell horrible on the inside. Which is really unfortunate, because I really wanted to hang out inside. Outside was pretty awesome though. The view was amazing! There's not a lot of space to hang out, like most Vegas clubs the way to go is through bottle service. Wish I would have thought of that sooner ( I also don't have money like that either!!!) Near the outside bar there was small area to hang out. The price for drinks is like any night club, maybe not quite as bad. I would have to say that the drinks were good though and they were quite strong. The music and the atmosphere is great here. You kind of feel like you are on top of the world and I really loved the over feel. If you are looking for a great place to start your night, I would have to say this place is a good starting club before moving on to something a little bit more crazy!
5	We had a LARGE group on a big holiday weekend and we were all able to get in thanks to Ada Casanova that works in the AMG office.  It took a bit to find our contact to let us in but once we were able to get near the front, we had no problems getting in.  The club was packed but the rooftop was the best place to cool off AND hear different music to dance to.  The dress code was strictly enforced so it was good to see people dressed nice going to the club.  Having the choice of DJs was a plus!  Sometimes you just want to hear different types of music when you go out to clubs.  We all had a blast and we can't wait to visit again.
1	This was by far the most disgusting and least favorite nightclub I've ever been to in Vegas. When I showed up, half their indoor space was closed off. The dance floor was so packed that you could see a fog of body odor sitting in the air. I'm not kidding you. It was so packed that I had to go to the outdoor patio area. When I went there, there was practically no space. You get a half decent view of the Vegas Strip, but that's about it. In terms of interior design, all I remembered were long sheets of white drapes hanging from the ceiling. I was very unimpressed.
3	Got into Pure around 1am and the place was packed.  They have a main dance area that's decently sized as well as a side bar area that plays different music.  The DJ was playing music back from 2000s and working his way up to today's hits which was awesome.  There is a huge patio area upstairs that plays music and has a smaller bar.  The view from up here is pretty awesome.Overall: Good music, good patio, good place to spend the night.
5	I rate this 5 stars because the night I went to PURE was what i distinctly remember being literally the best night of my lifeJason Derulo performed, the music was great, and it was classy without being stuffy, fun without being too casual, and VIP without being pompous.I am absolutely going back next time I'm in Vegas.
3	Memorial Day Weekend review:- Drinks $14+PROS- Nice view of the strip- Seating available for tired dancers (if you ask nicely)- Closes at 5am- how it should be everywhere!- Danceable mix of top-40 and old school hip-hopCONS- On Thursday only the rooftop section was open (main section closed)- We had vouchers to get in free by midnight, but staff ignored us until after midnight, making free entry more difficult- Didn't become packed until close to 1 or 2am
2	Both times I've been to this clubs (two different Vegas trips), it.... well, for lack of a better word SUCKED. Yes, I got in free both times with free drinks.... but honestly it didn't make up for the fact that I had such a terrible time. The first trip, I was pretty much harassed by two over-zealous guys that didn't know how to take no for an answer and had to talk to the manager about them (don't want to get too into that story).... but let's just say, I really didn't get to see much of the place that night. The second time, they closed off the main room and stuffed everyone on the upstairs terrace with absolutely NO walking room. We went downstairs and asked if they were going to open the main room at any point, and every employee we asked simply IGNORED US. The final time we asked someone, they commanded us to either "get upstairs, or get out." I understand "crowd control," but there was really no need to be so rude. Every time a promoter comes up to me for entry to this place now I simply ask him to get us in somewhere else.
2	Let me start by saying I used to live in Vegas and Pure used to be my favorite club. It's beautiful, great location and a fabulous view of the strip. If it was industry night I was there. Saturday night I was there. Loved it.Maybe I'm just older and wiser now, maybe Pure Management did it better than AMG, maybe I've been in Oregon way too long, I don't really know, but I was done after 10 minutes there during our vacation this June. The door staff is simply rude. Like straight up ignore you rude. Not a good way to kick off the night. From there we made it to the patio and got our drinks, the bar staff was great....but they should be since they want tips. The club was full of just turning 21ers screaming woohoo the entire time, girls in flip flops and leggings (upscale?) and some older couples getting jiggy on the dance floor. We thought about making a drinking game out of the woohoos but we would have been really drunk, really fast and spent a lot of money on shots' The dj was horrible, even if I had been drunk there was no flow to dance to. We were there maybe 45 min and I'd had enough. The view still rocks but that the only good thing I have to say.
4	Had a fun promotion while I was in Vegas for my training. I had a great time and it has an amazing view!
1	I went two years ago and had a good time, even though the crowd was a bit rough.Back this June (2013)  and hated every minute.  There was absolutely nobody in line and we were still made to wait, even though we had a table reserved. We were treated very rudely by the two girls checking the VIP list.  Finally went in after 30 minutes of waiting (with nobody else in line)....you would think paying for a VIP table, would at least get you good service.  Once we were in, the crowd inside was Ghetto, to say the least.  The DJ was some no name person.....not exactly what we expected during EDC weekend, when other clubs are featuring Tiesto and Calvin Harris.  I guess this was our fault, for not checking the line up.  The VIP booth was crowded and with some random, low class people.  We asked to be switched to the rooftop and thank goodness they did.  That was the only good thing about the whole experience.  At least the rooftop has a great view and we were away from the horrible crowd inside.  I have never written a review before, but this was such an awful experience, that I would not want anyone else to live through it.  Take my advice.......DO  NOT GO TO THIS CLUB!
3	Pure is admittedly not one of my favorite nightclubs in Vegas with a flawed layout but if there's a cool guest DJ/performance or you just need a club to go to without having to pay too much of a crazy cover, it's not a bad alternative (plus I have to admit, most of my crazy Vegas stories have come from here oddly).  I came at 9:45PM and was near the front of the line (although I saw the line quickly fill up behind me).  At least waiting in line isn't too bad since you do have entertainment on the side with the Pussycat Dolls dancers' table pretty much a couple feet away.  Cover was pretty cheap - around $20-30 if I'm remember correctly and had my name on the guest list.  Inside, you'll have two floors - the main dance area below with another room mainly for drinking.  You then have an upstairs area where you'll have to walk up two flights of wide stairs (or an elevator) and get to an outdoors area.  The outdoors area is nice although dancing is fairly minimal here for the most part.  The bottom area is the main area to be.  However, unlike most of the other clubs, the DJ is off to a weird corner so the club is more dictated by the people than the DJ (if that makes sense) - definitely makes mileage vary even more than usual. Navigating around the club is also a little strange with tables kind of dabbled around the dance floor in a weird configuration. Drinks are pretty standard fare price-wise/taste-wise although the bartenders were pretty nice.  Coat check is also available for about $10.  Interestingly enough, though, even with some of the oddities and the lack of energy of the crowd, there's a lot of fun to be had as long as you can find the right people there in both the DJ set and the audience.  One of the nights I was here, I not only got to help crowdsurf one of the members of Far East Movement - I got to even shake Ryan Nigahiga's hand which was only the start of that crazy night.  So sure, Pure is a strange club to navigate around and you're not going to get the crazy, excited crowds you'll get at something like Marquee but as long as you either find or are with the right people, there's fun to be had here.
1	Pure Vomit is what this place shall forever be known as. When you approach the line be prepared for 10 dudes in cheap suites to ignore you. They will not make eye contact, they will pretend that what ever is on that damn podium is way more important. They will shuffle a stack of what appears to be blank pages. If you aren't getting in free and getting free drinks, just walk away. We had "VIP" passes to get in free, but not free drinks (big mistake). Straight away we noticed the music sucked, it kept sucking. It was a play list of uninspired dance music and Top 40's remixes. The drunk white people loved it. For some reason we thought vodka would make it all better, just maybe we could join our brethren in sweet bliss. Be prepared to pay $22 for a mid shelf mixed drink, 22 F***ING dollars. After consuming what should have been liquid gold we headed for the dance floor. We didn't notice upon entering the club how small the dance floor was. Think portable wedding dance floors x 2. Lucky! we thought, the place wasn't packed yet. We still had room to move and had hopeful hearts that the music might get better. As I played "bring it on" with my girl I noticed a smell. I kept getting faint whiffs of something sick. Finally I said something and she could smell it too. Don't feel stupid if at first you think the smell might be you. We both did the same thing. I  ran over in my head the events of the evening, trying to figure out when I blacked out and vomited on myself. Then I came to the realization that I am not a black out drunk and it was the dance floor that smelled like a months worth of $22 dollar vodka vomit. It wasn't hard to find ground zero. It was the empty corner of the dance floor that we kept getting herded to. It was fun to watch people think they scored an awesome dance spot, only to wrinkled up their noses and flee. If your sense of smell isn't deadened by smoking a pack a day you will not be able to ignore the VOM. It will follow you where ever you go and smack you in the face on occasion. Vomit abuse it horrid. At first you blame yourself, then you find the courage to walk the f*** away. Don't forget to give the suites the stink eye on the way out, they like it.
4	Pure was definitely interesting. My friends and I got in for free and explored for a little bit before settling for the biggest room. The dance floor is larger than most of the places I've been to before, and the VIP section is right off to the side. The bartenders are actually pretty good at mixing drinks, and the pricing is just a little less than at Tao, which was nice.The music was this nice mix of things besides Top 40, but the crowd is a little older and less shiny than at the more exclusive clubs. We had a great time at Pure though, because of the mixed drinks!
3	Went on a Tuesday night. It didn't get packed until around midnight, but still had a fun time. The music was good, and there was a nice atmosphere to the place. My main complaint is that unless you're vip, cant get a seat anywhere. After dancing for hours, wanted to sit down but couldn't. The roof was a highlight, just wish it had opened sooner to non-vips.
1	Went here for my bachelor's party on 5/31. Had a mediocre time and one of the servers got into a nasty exchange with one of my friends. My friend left and we talked to the server to make sure he was OK, all we got in return was an attitude.Anyways, left a $1400 tab and fast forward two months, I was charged for the SAME transaction AGAIN!! This is credit card fraud. I reported them to my credit card company and will retaliate with any legal means possible.
5	First time here.. Didn't know what to expect based on the reviews.  Our group of 9 had a great time & danced well into the morning everyone was very helpful. Music top 40 kept us on the dance floor.. Drinks were a bit pricey but, it's Vegas so be prepared. Will definitely be back!!
1	This club sucks. I wear dark colored glasses and they are prescription. I need them to both see and protect me from the blinding strobe lights since my eyes are a bit light sensitive. I got stopped by PURE security every 5 minutes with people asking me to remove my glasses. These people need to relax this is a club people came to relax and have fun for a few hours. The security acts like it's TSA and a screening room at LAX or something. Complete Fail. I will never go there again. The music is bad, it's too small and loud, drinks are watered down and taste like crap at ridiculously expensive prices. Obnoxious place.
3	Pure nightclub is a great venue. It's not my favorite spot in Vegas, but I've never had a bad time here. The club's layout is kind of all over the place. Seperate rooms and an outside patio that's upstairs. The place is massive. I would definitely call it a megaclub. The music here is usually a mix of top 40, unless their is a DJ or specific artist of a certain artist. Pure is fading into the oblivion of Las Vegas' past. It is not new in the game and really doesn't have a lot to offer that these newer, state of the art clubs have. I think it's time for a re-vamp. Still an okay place. Not first on my list, definitely not last either.
2	Went here last night for a Bachelorette party. I was able to get on Guest list and get a table with one bottle of vodka service complimentary I payed taxes about 105.00. Good deal yes. but.....As the night went on around 130 a bouncer told us we had to leave because he had paying customers.  He gave us literally 5 minutes for us to clear our things and as we stood up not a second later they were sitting.. Just a fair warning if you get a complimentary table you can be removed if a paying customer comes. Music was good our guard Will rocked!
1	Aside from the bouncers being rude, the drinks being watered down, and the music being so loud that you can't hear yourself think, this club was still unbelievably terrible! Ladies, avoid this place at all costs!!! You would think that having a bouncer offer to take you to the VIP area would be fun, but in reality they are just parading you around like hookers until one of the "VIP" guys allows you to stay in hopes of getting sex for free alcohol. We left within a minute. If you like being treated like a cheap whores by nightclub staff then this place is for you, if not then stay away! The only decent part of the place was a nice roof terrace, but it definitely isn't worth it. Go to Chateau in Paris instead.
4	I have always been a fan of this club. It's large open and fun. The lady in the bathroom sells flip-flops ladies if your feet are in agony. The top floor boasts amazing views of the Vegas skyline and there are free vodka (well) drinks for ladies before midnight. Fellas remember that you must dress nice when clubbing in Vegas. This means use common sense and care about your appearance; a shirt with a collar, no sneakers, or shorts. Don't get an attitude with the bouncer because you are a grown man who can't dress himself properly; they will embarrass you. LOL! I digress. There are four bars all of which are strategically placed in locations where one would seem to need a beverage. I cannot wait to come back next year. Also, we had no trouble getting in we were a group of men and women.
5	Short summary of Part Two of our Vegas weekend, since I don't remember half of the details anyway:Saturday night of girlfriend's birthday weekend. Six BEAUTIFUL women on my arm. Upper level table at Pure in the White Room. So many shots. Crazy live DJ. The drinks are INSANE here. And, *if* you happen to get bored - you can shimmy your way over to the Red Room to bump 'n' grind the rest of the night away (strictly hip-hop and R&B) or take the elevator to the rooftop and keep dancing there.
4	This was a nice club and thanks to my cousin's hook ups - we didn't have to wait in the long line.It is pretty much all outdoors and it has great views, but OMG the heat!! We were there the ending of June, when the temps hit 117 degrees and I don't care if it's a "dry heat" - put those freakin' misters above the bar on ASAP!!We had a fun time here though - dancing, singing, and making fun of the creepers ... that's always a great time!
1	My experience here was purely boring (harhar).  A promoter gave me and three girlfriends a pass for no cover and free drinks, which was cool because I would have been forced to stay here longer if we had paid.  This club does make a very nice visual impact, with the all white decor.  After looking at the crowd to get free drinks, we decided against it and went straight to the dancefloor...let me tell you, if you consider yourself to be in the hip 20-something crowd you should probably go to a different place.  crowd was mostly 30+, but I don't know, maybe my age detector is skewed from being around too many Asian people.  One weird thing I noticed was that the VIP tables were in front of the small, cramped dance floor so I was just trying to avoid making eye contact with them.  The DJ was playing some weird, ambient music that wasn't my thing.  It seemed like it wasn't the crowd's thing either, because nobody was dancing! They were just kind of standing there.  I feed off crowd energy a lot, and this crowd was not doing it for me.  We braved this place for about an hour and left.  Don't waste your time!
5	Usually you don't ever give a club 5 stars. Something is always annoying about clubs right? Well for my visit here I really can't think of anything I didn't like. We showed up at 10pm, a half hour before they opened up on a Tuesday. We were the first party into the club. It was nice coming early and being one of the first in because we were able to quickly walk through the whole venue. This usually takes forever when you come to a place late. I was here with my gf, my brother, and my parents! Yep my parents. Not many people can say they've been to a Vegas club with their parents, but hey my mom really wanted to dance and she didn't want to go to some random bar/lounge. She wanted the full experience. So Pure is where we went.They give all ladies free Vodka drinks before 12am. They also give them pinkish clear cups as opposed to clear so that guys can't take advantage of this. Unless of course, you just hold your cup low and/or drink it quick, haha. Make sure to stand in a dark area also because some of the lights actually make it even more obvious that the cup is pink. Drinks here sounded expensive, but I didn't buy any.They have multiple bars which I love because it really makes it easier to get a drink. Their was one big bar up front, and two slightly smaller bars in the back. One of the bartenders was a douche and gave me a bottled water when I asked for water near the end of the night, then said it was $8. Yeah right buddy. I just walked to the other bartender and he gave me a cup of water. So it's always good when you have multiple bartenders because some may be much more likable than others.They didn't open the upstairs area until about 12:30am when the downstairs became completely packed!! I was surprised how packed this place was for a Tuesday night. We are talking completely packed-hard to dance-hard to move-or do anything packed. The upstairs area was a nice break from the hot downstairs dance floor. It's all outside and you have a great view of the strip. Overall this was an awesome experience. I never ever thought that one day I would go to a Vegas club with my entire family. But hey, why not. Haha, as long as everyone dresses well their won't be any problem getting a family in.If you hang around Caesars just before the club opens you will find workers handing out 'free admission passes'. Ladies get in free, but these save us guys $30.
4	**(Holiday Weekend) Friday Night Review**My experience at Pure was pretty good!  it might have been because I was there with my sister for my batchelorette party with a few drinks and a promoter to help me out but throughout the entire night I had a blast.  We had no cover and free drinks until 12 which was plenty of time for us to push drinks down seeing as we were faded anyways.  The people here on the night I went were pretty classy from the ones I spoke to.  We had a couple of crazy German guys that were more of a nuisance than anything else and I had to calm them down by telling them I couldn't stand their teams but other than those two randos it was pretty fun.  The music in each room was great and the transitions were on point and I was happy to see that.  There were two floors (that I remember) and really three rooms.  The bottom floors were all hip hop/top 40 and the rooftop was house/electronic music which I LOVE.  It was perfect and me as that is my ideal club as those are my favorite types of music.  The drinks were what I expected but I didn't pay for a lot of drinks. One big problem for me was that the bathroom was on the second floor and we spoke to at least 3 people that worked for the club that didn't know where the damn bathroom was.  The first thing is that it's a major problem to have the bathrooms at the TOP level (helloooo we have heels on and making ladies work even harder to get to the bathroom is a no-no).  On top of that there were about 4 stalls.  So, not only does Pure want us ladies to work our asses off they want us to stand out in a long line with only 4 stalls??? Uhm, NO - there should be about 10 stalls for all of that work (shuffling through the crowd, squeezing through and getting by sweaty people, climbing stairs, and having to wait in line).  That was my only issue with the place but as far as music goes - it was great and when I go back to Vegas I plan on dropping by again.
4	Was here Tue/24 Sep with a coupla friends:- This night it was free entrance for locals and we had one of those "free VIP entrance for ladies" club pass for our British friend.- This was the 3rd time I've been to Pure and it's cool.  There are counter-level tables (but no barstools) which any one can occupy (ie no bottle service required).- Fireball shot is $12 and a small Fiji water is $8.
3	I did go to Pure on a Sunday night when the cover charge was $20 and open to the public.It's not a great place to pick up girls since everyone seemed to be in groups and/or coupled up.  The age ranges were diverse as well as ethnicity mix.  They had VIP type bottle service tables roped off, but that just made the place seem even more odd for a Sunday and a limited area to navigate around. The music was good the night I went.  Not too much EDM, but some solid crossover hip hop and dance pop you'd hear on the radio and recognize, so music for the masses.I think going clubbing seems to be something that is better in large groups with mixed genders (guys, bring your own girls, even if just platonic gal pals), as it's tough to penetrate the inner circles of girls who are not of the mindset to meet guys.I'm sure this club changes daily and depends on the night you go. On Sunday, the inside area wasn't even open, so Pure was only open on the outdoor portion of the club.  In full stride, when every portion is open, including the indoor area, I've been to Pure (for a private party) and it's a decadent venue.  If only the rooftop area is open, it's no different than a free public rooftop bar you'd see and get in for free in any major city.
1	LEAST favorite of the three clubs we hit on our "club crawl" tour last week.  Again, we walked right in and the cover was included in our "tour".  We did not go to the bar as we had just downed some big drinks on our way over, so I can't attest to the drink costs, but the crowd and music seemed about the same as had been at 1OAK and LAX.  This place seemed to be the smallest.  I didn't wander around a lot or hit the ladies room here, so maybe it was bigger than it looked, but from what I could see this place was super tiny.  It was all white and the tables looked kind of like cabanas up above and around the dance floor.  It was weird, or maybe I was just drunk by this point.We danced until the nasty smell of vomit started wafting across the tiny dance floor and we decided it was totally time to get out... so we did.Would NOT recommend.
4	When in Rome, Do as the Romans do. When in Vegas, do VIP bottle service at one of the popular nightclubs. I was in Vegas with 4 friends, 4 guy friends. No women. Based on my previous visit, I knew this meant we were not getting into a nighclub without a large donation to the bouncer. This is not the case if you are willing to do bottle service. Instructions: showup to the nightclub, walk passed all the people in line, tell the bouncer you are doing bottle service. Proceed into the club and into the prime seating area that is restricted and "invite only". People in the VIP can bring anyone they want into VIP to drink from their bottles. You get a private, dedicated bouncer for the VIP and you get a private waitress. The waitress will make all your drinks. The waitress here also insisted that she, not the other group in the VIP, take the photo of our group with our phone. She took no fewer than 20 photos of us. She kept taking them until she got one that she liked. My last recommendation: stop at 2 bottles. We opted for a 3rd. The club closed at 4am. I wondered around Caesars, lost, for 4 hours until I found my way outside.
5	We came here to celebrate my 24K Golden Birthday on Saturday, September 29th, and they gave us table 50, located on the southeast corner of the second floor balcony.  We had one of the best views of the strip! I can't remember our host's name, but I think it was Dominick. I absolutely loved him and our cocktail server, and I think her name was Michelle. We ordered a bottle of Grey Goose, Ketel One, and two magnum bottles of Veuve Clicquot, etc. Everything was delivered and served to us promptly. Their service was definitely exceptional, even with a jam packed club.  Our server and host were very personable and comical.  They checked in on us about every ten minutes or so.Our host and server showered us with confetti, but most of our friends went downstairs and missed it, so they were awesome enough to come do a second round of confetti just for my amusement. That totally made my night. LOL!  What an awesome place to celebrate my birthday!PURE is a great nightclub.  I highly advise that you get table service if you want to have more space and stay out of the crowds.  Plus, it makes people watching a lot more enjoyable.Party it up!  Have FUN!
1	Yeah this place is nothing like it used to be.  Crowd is wack.  They were letting in anyone and everyone.  I saw people wearing T-shirts out there, and a lot of much older couples.  The only reason we went there is we were given a low price for bottle service on a Friday night.  We planned to go to a nice place on Saturday night so why not just go somewhere OK that does not break the bank on Friday?  We get there and they are like oh the price went up.  So we said we were not coming in and would go to a better place for that rate.  They said no no we will show you the table and you can decide.  They get us to the table where they present us with a $1300 bill (bait and switch).  We threatened again just to walk out and the GM comes over and after negotiations we get our price.  We were then looked at as cheap but come on I am not going to pay 1300 when we could have gone to much more desirable places for that.Lets face it Pure,  all you have is a white room with super expensive drinks and blasting the first 20 seconds of top 40 EDM and hip hop.  There are tons of places like that. Your only asset is the people you have in there.
2	only went here bc I was comped.  Club used to be "it" but now its a tourist trap without the hot people.  UG UG UG is all you see.  Sorry.
3	Great ambiance, but the music was pathetic... . it was that typical hip-hop crap! We left after 20 minutes, which is really too bad cuz not everyone likes hip- hop you know!  I would think a fancy Club like that shouldn't degrade itself by playing ghetto hip hop music, so that was really too bad.  :(  5  stars for the look of the club, a 1 for the music...Average:   3) also the upstairs with closed off and no one was allowed to go up there. We were informed that it was a two-level club and was looking forward to seeing the 2nd level, so that was a disappointment as well.
2	Over priced bottle service to wait 90 minutes when the reservation was setup with a hookup and a table shuffle out in the heat on the roof...lame
4	I have been coming here for years. Actually, this was the very first club I ventured to in Vegas when I turned fresh 21. Needless to say, the industry has gone through massive changes and improvements.  Mega-clubs have come and gone, the music has definitely changed, and the overall feel of Vegas nightlife is a whole new breed.Even after all these years... Pure has stayed relevant -- still featuring celebrities and performing artists! Thumbs up.Basic description of the layout:Tables downstairs put you in the middle of the action (but it feels like you're in a zoo).Upstairs tables are nice and private, with a view overlooking the strip.If you're ever in Vegas and need an awesome host to get you the VIP experience at Pure, contact the guy who hooks it up for me - Shaun Guerrero.
5	Before heading here I left dreadful 10 Oak. Short quick line here. The place is beautiful in all white walls and furniture. It's setup is great with a front section and main back part with a stage/VIP area and good sized dance floor. The music was good but the bartender made my Adios way to sweet. My only real complaint was the bathroom location. You have to cross through the busy dance floor opposite the bar and through  this congested little area to go down a hall and finally you're there. Bad planning there. Pure had a great atmosphere. I had a great time there!
4	This place is beautiful and the music was great. Played a lot of older hip hop and and a few of today's top 40s. The deejay also played a bit of techno/trans. Overall the music was great. The venue itself was amazing. All white, nice lighting, modern furnishing. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. For a Tuesday night we had a great deal of fun. The only negative thing I have to say is we asked someone for which line to line up in! He says "hold on Ill get you in for free," and walks away! Mind you we weren't looking for free because we already had a connection.
1	Went here for my friend's 21st birthday. We googled free admission clubs and she picked this place because it sounded like an interesting spot. It was free admission for girls and $20 for guys plus there was free vodka drinks for girls until midnight so we figured, hey, why not! (When we got there, we all got in free because we were on the guest list.)After we checked in and got our wristbands/hand stamps, we walked down a wide, white hallway to the dancefloor. It was a site for sore eyes. I swear everyone and their mother--literally, old moms trying to relive their glory days--were crowding the dancefloor. There were far too many 30+ yr olds  and not enough 20-something's for my liking. I can't forget about the old pervy looking 40 yr old dudes trying to prey on the young. Definitely not my scene!Also, the dancefloor was too small, the music was a mix of old and new hip hop and some reggaeton which was all good except the DJ would play a fast beat then immediately follow it up with a slow tempo song which completely slowed down my groove too quickly. Oh and my heels kept getting stuck on the floor because it was extremely sticky from all the drinks the hoochies and grannies kept spilling. Ew. Because of the mess, there were employees who constantly had to walk into the crowd and wipe the floors WHILE people were dancing. So tasteless, completely ruins the club atmosphere. Another thing, there was no designated smoking area so everyone was just lighting up all over the dang place. I can tolerate some smoke but when it's in such a confined space with sweaty bodies bump'n n grind'n and poor ventilation, it begins to affect my breathing. Not cool PURE.Moving on to the bathroom situation. There are no easily visible signs or directions that lead you to the restrooms. I had to ask 2 people where the hell to go and it was like a journey trying to find it! You had to cut across the side of the dancefloor just to find some dark corner that finally leads to the bathroom. Good thing about it was the large counter and mirrors and the SPACE omg the space! was a relief from all the cramped dance floor. it was clean, the lovely lady even walked me and all the girls to the next empty stalls. That was great service! Too bad I couldn't say the same for the bar...The free vodka drinks were weak, maybe that's why they were free. Also, the female bartender was curt and didn't even say hello. I bought 2 AMF's for $30. Steep prices but it's expected for a Vegas club, or any club for that matter. Overall, if you wanna dance and rub elbows with your granny and her 60-trying-to-look-21-year-old friends, go right ahead. The all too-bright lights will definitely highlight their "good" features. This is a definite SKIP IT!
3	I don't know. I've been here when it was kind of crowded and when it was packed. It's more fun to me when it's not wall-to-wall people, the way it's set-up. The tables they have roped off on the sides of the dance floor don't make sense to me. When it's packed, people tend to lean against the back of the couches or sometimes sit on them and security gets upset. Obviously I learned this the hard way, but good luck trying to regulate that!!
1	Went to pure. It was my friends bday so as we walked up we were wooing and laughing. When we go there Jack said that we couldn't get In because "she was to drunk" and looked at the bday girl. When we said that that she hadn't had a drink he said that the other girls had to sober up. Make up your mind!
1	Door staff girl was the rudest person! Even the group in front of us was complaining about her as well. We considered leaving at this point , but decided to try out the place. Very pretentious vibe! Will definitely not be going back!!!
1	Door staff was the rudest I have ever encountered! Very pretentious! Never going back!
1	What a crappy ass "club". Treated poorly, the bouncers thought it was a high end club when in fact they were hurting for clientele. Extremely disappointed. Bouncer took away drink and threw it away because I (a male) had a sip of a female friends free drink. This place seriously needs to reconsider their priorities.
2	The doorman seemed to literally take five minutes to check my ID. He asked me to smile and he kept casting doubtful glances at me before reluctantly letting me in. After being let in, I only stayed for about 15 minutes and I was quite disappointed. Music was okay and there were literally dozens of girls in tiaras around, which made for a weird atmosphere. This place paled in comparison to 1OAK.
1	Came here for the Ne-Yo event on NYE 2014. I have to laugh that people were verbally complaining about the event while the were still on the dance floor. When we were heading out a guy walked out yelling "Horrible, horrible" to everyone in earshot. It was...well, bad. We didn't see any sign of Ne-Yo until after midnight, and by then he was so f'ed up that everything he said and sang was just pathetic. For $100/guy and $50/girl, all they did was blow paper confetti at midnight. The entire experience lacked anything special. With that fat of a cover and no live music performance by your headliner, you should at least hand out some cheap champagne. 3 shots of well vodka and a vodka martini were $56. The entire club (which has multiple rooms of different styles of music and no real room to dance in any of them) has donated all possible space to VIP booths. Many of those are nowhere near the action, so you have to get up and leave, making your booth susceptible to theft. I don't recommend bottle service at this club. I'm glad we didn't go for it. If you aren't a VIP, however, good luck finding anywhere so much to even lean, as they've profit-maximized every square inch of the interior. Additionally, so many people were chain smoking within an area of so little ventilation that I became literally sick to my stomach and had to excuse myself from the club entirely. I'm pretty used to the nasty smoking liberty people in Vegas abuse, but this was a little overboard. Music was house/EDM samples, nothing Top 40 or dancey. Nothing unique to the DJ stack at all - you'll find these types of mixes anywhere. Pretty weak. Pro's of the club were the bouncers/security (who I found to actually be pretty accommodating), the cleanliness, and the multi-room concept. The decor also differed between the rooms, which was cool. All lovelies aside, I don't see myself returning to this club.
2	Pure isn't.It's in Caesar's, and has a lot of gansta-looking staff protecting expensive bottle-service couches, whilst the DJ plays twerking music that's both not exciting, and isn't very danceable. It costs about $50 for a couple to get in, to start. There's a dress code, and I'm not sure what it is. I got in, as did my friend.The facility is quite beautiful, and there are two bars. Drinks are expensive+. Music? Nothing I enjoyed and the DJ kept the rhythms unprogressive. It was a waste of $$$$.Lots of wannabees and lounge lizard types hung out, watching as the twerkers did their thing. Women in club gear tried to look beautiful. A few couples actually seemed to be having fun. My suggestion: if you're a voyeur or wannabe, run, don't walk to get here. The restaya, there's better money spend.
3	For all the times we've been to Vegas, this is the first time we chose to get bottle service at a dance club.  This is most likely due to having it be a group of us rather than just Gregg and I.  Pure was where I chose to go to for the "pre-wedding" party; a combined bachelor/ bachelorette party.  Let me say - going VIP with a group is definitely the way to do this.  Otherwise, you wouldn't find me on the overcrowded dance floor, nor would you probably see me in the club at all.  So thank you Pure for the great time.  You may be asking why I gave it only 3 stars.  Everything about the night was great - from the escort to our table, to the drinks made on the spot.  There were only two dark spots - the starting DJ and the overpriced bottles (not unusual in a club, but IMHO more overpriced than other places).  The DJ seriously need to play a good song and let it play all the way out rather than only playing 30-45 seconds of it and then switching it.  It was a total bummer to be shaking my tail only to have the beat change so often  Thank goodness for DJ #2 who brought the energy level up and kept it up the whole time.  Unfortunately by the time he got there, it was almost time for us to leave (I didn't want to fall asleep during the wedding vows).Would I go to Pure again?  I'm not sure - perhaps with a large group again I would, but I would hope that they have a DJ that keeps the energy going all night (from the time they open to the time they close).  Otherwise I'm not sure if the price of the drinks there would be worth it.  For me, the whole point of a bottle service is to make sure you can dance, drink and have fun the whole night.  After all, if we aren't going to dance, we might as well go to a bar where we can hear each other talk.
4	I've had some very memorable experiences at Pure. The 3 times I've been there, we've usually ordered a bottle to avoid having to wait in 1-2 hour lines and also to ensure that we have a place to sit. During all three of these visits, the service was excellent; the security was friendly where it counted. Pure stood out as "The Gold Standard" of what a nightclub in Vegas should be. This is what brought the stars to 4.During my last visit (which wasn't bottle service) the experience just wasn't there. Obviously I wasn't expecting the same royal treatment you'd get with bottle service, but since I was in a smaller party we thought we'd base if bottle service was necessary on the vibe we got at entry. Long story short. We waited for a drink. Walked out.Pure- Get  your game up.
2	Well I was here last night. We reserved a VIP table. Service was good! We have been seated somewhere far from dance floor. But we agreed on one condition, they promised to seat us closer as soon as they get a chance. But they never did. The atmosphere was awfull. In other words, the class of Pure was dropped compared to 2-3 years before. No recommend and will never go again.  I've been told we can't smoke cigar, but people next table were smoking cigar.
2	Let me tell you my experience . The first time I went there Thursday January 23rd 2014 was with my bf . I was let in and it was fun . My bf paid 10$ because I guess we were at the guest list . The reason why I put 2 stars was because the drinks are ridiculously expensive but you know it's Vegas . A bottle of beer is 9$ or other mix drinks are 14$. The dance floor for me was really small even though you can dance anywhere and there are tables to hangout with . The bathroom was kept clean . The VIP tables takes all the space . There are 2 bars and the bartenders are very friendly (maybe for the tips) the ladies gets a free drink till 12am only with VODKA AND SOME SPRITE , coke (typical sodas) . I mean I heard other clubs gives away free drinks till 1am with more choices . THE SECOND TIME I WENT Was last night I should have never came back. We were at the guest list line  until the bouncers checked my I.d. Saying that it wasn't me. Asking me about my middle name and when I graduate high school. The picture I had on my license was 4 FUCKING YEARS AGO , I look totally different PLUS WE ALL KNOW THERE ARE DMVS OUT THERE THAT HAS POOR QUALITY CAMERA. The middle name I had in my license was my moms maiden name (I guess in my tradition you have to put your moms maiden name). Asking me how to spell it and I did correctly and they still wouldn't let me in. EVEN TRIED DOING MY OWN SIGNATURE .and asking me if I have other card that has my name on it(which of course they didn't look at) I'm not saying all this because I am mad about that I'm just saying that this club isn't worth it at all. IF YOURE LOOKING FOR A CLUB TO GO ASK PEOPLE WHO LIVES THERE LONG ENOUGH .  MY ADVISE : make sure you look like your IDENTIFICATION . Have plenty of money to spend for drinks . I GUESS THE BOUNCERS ARE MORE STRICTER  THAN THE TSA AT THE AIRPORT .
3	I like the look of the club on the outside. Their host outside the ropes are cool and make sure if you have a table your not waiting long. Love the look of the club inside. Didn't like the music so much the DJ was all over the place. The bathroom is in the worst location you have to walk threw the dancefloor all the way in the corner. I would have to say it is a so-so club.
2	Way back  Pure used to be cool. Or maybe I just didn't know any better. The layout is really horrible. If u are not doing vip dont expect to be able to dance or even move. Don't waste your time with the long lines..really NOT worth it.
3	Carol W and I were in town to get married.  Since much of the weekend's festivities were taking place at Caesars, we reserved a table at Pure for a celebratory night out with friends before our wedding day.  We checked in at the VIP station and were led on a circuitous path through the spacious, yet somewhat unremarkable looking, club to a table in a roped off section just off of the dance floor that easily accommodated our party of 9.   While I won't go as far as to say that bottle service was a complete rip-off, prices were truly exorbitant and more than I'd want to pay under normal circumstances.  However, this wasn't a normal Friday night for us and we were willing to pay for the experience.  Having a reserved space to call our own free from the masses in the crowded club was very nice.  It was also very nice to receive first-rate service from the attractive and attentive staff.  Drinks were poured and mixers and ice were always replenished at will.   The only negative of the night was the music or, more specifically, the DJ whose R&B/hip-hop set could only be described as ADD-like appealing to those that like to dance to 30-second sound bites.  No sooner had he gotten the crowd moving, he made a jarring switch in songs that made for a disjointed night of dancing.  The music got much better after midnight (I'm assuming a different DJ took over) when the music switched to a more consistently danceable EDM mix.      Pure offered up a decent night, but nothing that isn't being done bigger, bolder, and better elsewhere in Las Vegas.
4	VALENTINES NIGHT 2014I came here Friday night. The layout of the club is has a elegance decor. The vibe here is pretty chill. Being in Vegas you encounter people from out of state. That's why I prefer going to nightclubs out of state versus those locally. The drinks were too expensive. The dance floor is smaller than normal nightclubs. For a large crowd this makes the dance floor cramped. The music in terms of its energy and tone was uneven. Normally a review like this would at least get a 3-star rating.  So why a higher rating? Per my tip I signed up to be on the guest list through www.cheapvegasclubs.com for $15 per person. When I got there my friend and my name wasn't on the list. I showed one of the Pure staff an email from this vendor. One of them said they don't use this vendor anymore because they're a scam. It appears the names on the vendor's supposed guest list don't transfer to the Pure guestlist. The Pure staff could have not let my friend and me inside Pure or they could've insisted that we pay $40 each to enter Pure. After twenty minutes the Pure staff let my friend and me inside the nightclub without paying an extra charge. For this gesture Pure gets an extra star.
4	Good club. Good music. Has two levels. On on the roof top. It has decent view of the strip on the roof. Normal high vegas priced drinks. Bartenders were cool. Wasn't a super long wait for how many people where there. Go VIP and you dont have to wait in a line long at all.
3	Well it's located in Caesers so it's got that working against it.Everything in this place needs a re-vamp, including this nightclub.Anyway, me and my girl went on a Thursday night or something so there was no line really. We got put in VIP immediately, which is an elevated area above the regular dance floor. The barrier is made of glass, so everyone on the dancefloor will inevitably get an upskirt shot. Being the elegant demure pearl that I am, thankfully, I was wearing panties. No one should go full clam. Especially at Pure.The barrier is high enough to flash everyone your goods, but not high enough to keep the uncouth young gentlemen from climbing from the dancefloor to VIP. Security was not on their game and did not stop them. The music they played was hip hop, therefore dancing was possible. Sort of. It gets very very crowded in there, being that the place is so cramped. We still had fun though, and got pretty drunk of the Skyy special they had going on. I would go back, but its for sure not my first choice.
5	This club is closed down for renovations!!
3	Nowhere to sit. Rude staff. Overpriced drinks as usual. As long as you come already pretty drunk and don't need to sit or talk to anyone it's a pretty nice place. Decent size dance floor. Dj is good. Bathrooms were clean and there were enough stalls so we weren't in line for an hour. Would recommend overall....
3	we had a long night of club hopping and this was our last stop we were told that this club was open until the early morningWhen we got there it was after 3 they called last call after 4 I live in Vegas I'm used to everything being 24 hours at a nightclub like this where we were enjoying ourselves and they called last call at 4 a.m. We were in shock
4	My boyfriend and I visited this beautiful place in Caesar's on a Saturday night. We got on the VIP guest list and got there early so the wait was only about 10 minutes. There were free drinks for ladies with the wristband so I enjoyed that ;). There were three bars on the main floor so I got my drinks very quickly. I love the decor - mostly white with light purple mood lighting which gives the place a cool vibe. The dance floor was packed with a lively crowd. The DJ spun a lot of 90s rap/hip-hop on the dancefloor which was perfect for the 20-30 yo's there. In the black reserved table room for lounging they played mainstream house. The only thing I regret was not getting a table because there is nowhere to sit otherwise! This place is a lot of fun for dancing and has a great vibe. Definitely check it out of you're clubbing in Vegas!
3	Recently moved here, celebrating my 40th birthday and my friends surprised me with this bottle service at Pure Nightclub. Pros:1) Clean bathroom2) Great decor3) Had a great host that nightCons:1) Small dance floor that no more space to even try and dance. We just use our fingers and hands to do all the work lol2) One of the security guard or hosts kept letting in their guests eventhough he knew we were there first and have to wait for the signal from the other hosts. I don't know what seems to be his problem but 3 hosts already told him that we should be the next but he looked at us as if were no big deal. He just wants to rule what he wants and whom he wants to let in right away. 3) $475 Bottle service with tax and gratuity = $653. Not even telling my friend about this situation before hand. Hmmm bottle service is kinda okay if there's 4 of you, meaning it will last for awhile and you can just keep coming back to your space. But for me, I rather do general admission and be there early coz I rather spend the $635 exploring to a great restaurants every hotels lol. 4) It took us 30 minutes to get in eventhough we have the VIP guest list.
2	On a girlfriends birthday we were asked to join her here.  So we did.  We had a table and were moved to another (no biggie)  We had 4 bottles not a small deal in Vegas Bottle service and as the night went on we got more.  The Bottle service waitresses were awesome (why do I always feel I say that) cuz they usually are.  The moving wasn't a big deal but all of a sudden our bouncers changed as well and these guys were NOT fun or cute or pretty much anything besides annoying.  They kept asking us to move or get off this or get off that while the rest of the place was going nuts. My next quip is I needed a bathroom so I asked the largest guy in the room (that would be the bouncer) (right outside my gate to keep the heathens out) where the bathrooms are.  I haven't done anything wrong so I should get a decent answer.  He grudgingly tells me "it's over there" and points to my right, I say "I have to walk all the way over to the other side of the club to go pee?!" "yes" "ok" and I go and go and go through the crazy nightclub crowd I get close to the barrier and finally I see a bouncer a GIRLYES! so i ask her "I need to pee, where is the bathroom?!" "oh you have to be a VIP to use these bathrooms"  I said "I am a VIP my booth is over there he told me to go over here"   she says "nope you have to be a VIP in my section to use this bathroom"  The whole time not looking in my eyes at all.Are you fricking kidding me?!  VIP bouncers are the worst they think they are in charge and there is no communication they know nothing.  They don't seam to be paying attention because they can't find the bathroom and cannot accommodate a girl who's group just bought 4 bottles (more to come) no we are not 20 but we still look great and we can pay our own way.  I guess it is time to change your name and redo it so you can get a better rating.BTW it took me 1 hour to pee after paying for 4 bottles of booze no thanks to your bouncers!
1	Sorry but if you have to pay extra $$$$ to get even semi decent service & a seat to sit down every once in awhile then I need to go to a place with class. Some fake people and overpriced everything here. I'm surprised I wasn't charged to use the toilet paper.
3	I'm so torn because the music was AMAZING!!! I haven't heard a good set like that in a long time. Great eclectic mix - old school Beastie Boys followed up by Justin Timberlake and then No Diggity??? SO great. BUT the middle of the dance floor smelled so badly like vomit that we kept having to strategically maneuver ourselves away from the smell. Disgusting. And it didn't go away all night. Someone clean the floor of this joint!!!
3	I'm rating this place a 3, not because I don't like it but more so because most people that read this are going to want to compare this to other clubs in Vegas.I actually love this place. It looks great with the all-white everything theme, play some great music, and a pretty sexy crowd. So why would you not like this place? Well, I love clubs that aren't much bigger or more crowded than a popping lounge. For someone looking for a legit club, this place really doesn't have the space for it nor the crowd.Great place for a more matured crowd.
3	Bottle service a must at this place because there is no need to wait in line for drinks at the bar, they constantly fill your ice bucket and even set up a round of shots for everyone.  Great music variety.  Dance floor smelled like someone vomited.  I'm not sure if its always like that or it was because someone actually did vomit there that night but I couldn't be on the dance floor for more than 5 minutes.  Luckily we had our lounge area where we were able to dance around.  I guess as a place, it's pretty good but I think I would have given this place a higher rating if the dance floor didn't smell like vomit.  But the bouncers were nice, security and the rooftop area is pretty cool also.
4	VIP is the way to go. We skipped the entire line and went right in. Got seated at a big table right next to the door, and started cat daddy-ing right away. Crowd is a fantastic mix, there's some(thing)one for everyone, if you know what I mean. The rooms have mixed music. They started off the night with some great 90s hits, and we were tootsie-rolling it up. Good mix of music all around. Also, the upstairs patio is amazing, and you can dance against the backdrop of a great Vegas view. By the end of the night we were dancing on the couches and poppin' bottles. How the City of Sin should be done.
4	Pretty cool place I've been about four times... The dj is on point, the crowd is the normal  Vegas crowd that you would expect. Vip is the way to go if you can afford it. Someone in my group had a incident with a rude bartender but overall it's always a pleasant night there
4	Went with a bunch of girlfriends and had a great time! I'm not much of a dancer, but the people-watching was fabulous. The free vodka drinks actually had vodka in them, unlike another club we tried the night before. DJ was good. Bouncers and staff were good.My biggest complaint... why the f*** is smoking allowed in here??? There were almost no ashtrays which means people were dropping ashes all over the floor. Add that to spilled drinks and you've got quite an unsightly mess. Yuck.Note to Pure: please PLEASE update your beer selection. If I'm going to pay $9 for a beer, I expect something better than Bud/Coors Light.
5	Great club. Diverse crowd including age. Mature place where you don't have to worry about a shooting or "hood" crowd. Very sexy and sophisticated place. Free vodka drinks. Call early and put your name on the guest list to avoid lines. If you can spare a few hundred between friends get a table. It's so worth it.
4	Been here twice, and both times, I had A LOT of fun. Music is AMAZING. Love how they play music from the 90's and how they then transition to now music. The crowd is a hit or miss tho. Yes, the crowd matters to me. First time, there wasn't much of a crowd. Second time, perfect! We had bottle service, and I'm so glad that the other groups near us were super cool. YES to new friends :) lol.
2	Ugh this club is damn ghetto!As a local, I am pretty sure I have been to all the clubs/lounges in town, few are good most are whatever. But Pure Nightclub is pretty bottom of the barrel when it comes to nightlife in Vegas. This place is really showing its age now. I decided to stop by for a UNLV event and noticed how miserable the exterior was. If you didn't see hordes of people waiting in line in the sports lobby, you would have no idea there was even a club here. The bouncers here are here more stupid that usual, but we got in in less than 10 minutes. Walking around, the place looks incredibly tacky. White cheap porcelain tiles, and bare walls are flanked by long hanging curtains. There is a small outdoor patio which is rarely open, only when Pure is packed to capacity. The layout is pretty standard, 2 bars, main dance floor, tables for bottle service everywhere. The club itself is pretty big and Pure is one of the few Strip nightclubs to consistently play hip-hop instead of EDM.With the way nightlife is here in Vegas, I am surprised Pure has been open this long. Its old, boring, and overpriced. On a side note for my out of town peeps: the people handing out "VIP Passes" on the strip/inside Caesars are liars. You will get in free if you are inside before midnight, but the guest line is usually an hour long anyways. If they make you pay cover JUST LEAVE, its not worth it at all.
4	Super fun place to celebrate a 21st bday. Just make sure to go through VIP or else it might be too packed and crazy. They treat VIPs very well ;)
4	After joining freevegasclubpasses from a promoter, we chose to check out Pure in Ceasars.  Now Im not a 21 yr old college girl anymore.  The crazy partying and drinking days are over!  So hubby and I just wanted to go to have some drinks and dance.  The bouncers were cool and we got in for free through the GA line.  The club is nice and because of the winter season, they had the main part only open.  I took advantage of free drinks.  We had a good time and danced till my feet hurt.  Im sure this club gets packed in the hotter months.  We were ok with the smaller crowds because I have done that already.  Next time we come up..we will hang here again.
2	This review is long over due. We went to Pure in January with some friends celebrating anniversaries and birthdays together and we ordered bottle service. They put us on the roof (without warning us when I made the reservation) and it was ice cold (we would have brought jackets if we had known). While the offered individual drink service, it was highly discouraged since the bar was downstairs. The bottle service was exceeding expensive for what we received because the service was terrible. We were basically ignored. Jessica, the person assigned to us out-right lied to us a number of times, and when we called her out on it, she just shrugged us off. The main dance floor was so crowded you could move. While we there with couples, the dance floor was primarily filled with men (8:1 men to women). My wife got hit a few times with me staring right there (it was somewhat entertaining). The music was good on the main dance floor, but they had different music upstairs (without a dance floor) that was not as good. Not doing this again.
4	May/17/2014, we got the roof top patio. It was a great service. As later on the night more & more people there, but we have our own privacy. We had a great time. We have the right to access most of the dance area in the night club. Cool place, good experience.
1	I went to try this night club out back in sept '13.  Honestly, the bouncers that night I went, I BARELY got through the entrance because they thought my ID was a fake. They checked my face and my ID like 5 millions times and I told them i have the freaking dimple to prove that it's me and HELLO IT WAS VEGAS!! What am I going to do? Not wear any make up going to the club just to prove to these bouncers that it was MY ID. Oh, and They told me to smile just to see if I had that dimple. I was irritated at this point because they spent so much time checking my face and id and then indirectly accusing me that it was a fake. THEN get this, they didn't let my cousin in because they didn't believe it was her. They made her  do everything from rewriting her signature, where she lived, her birthday, etc. THEY STILL DIDNT BELIEVE HER. I told them that she was cousin and how is it not possible that it isn't her. They then got those scanner thingys for the ID to make sure the ID wasn't a fake or a stolen one. Then they have like 3 other bouncers check her and after like 10 minutes of this nonsense, they told her that we can get out of the line or they'll take her ID if we try to fight it. OBVIOUSLY, we got out of line because WHAT WERE WE GONNA DO IN VEGAS, IF MY COUSIN GOT NO ID ON HER. Ugh, i was beyond angry by the time we turn around and started walking away, and they had the nerve to be smirking as we left.  So much for a great first experience at this night club. NEVER going to try to go to place again. I'll just stick to XS, which the bouncers there were FAAAR more nicer and better than those at PURE.
2	I wish we would have gotten in to give a true review but how good can it be when the doormen think they're working the door of Marquee or something.....  Too soon??I know the drill- bring more girls than dudes, make sure they're hot, be patient, don't act like a douche.  Check.  Still nothing, they said they were sold out and when we turned around to leave they said, just to the guys "well lets talk about this..", code for give me some money.   I get the whole grease-the-doorguy-or wait-in-line thing but after they turned down $50 for the whole group we left.  Something about some celebrity I've never heard of being in there.  They need to remember that some aspect of their job is hospitality.
2	This was our last stop on party tours both times that my friends and I did it and this was not a good club. There was hardly anyone dancing and the music wasn't that great. The drinks were way over priced and the club closes pretty early. Unless it's a free event again, I won't go back to this club.
1	we were group of 6 (2 Couple's July 2013.All the girls gt in for  free entry but boys were charged 40 $ per person ..Al tough all websites says 20$.They said drinks were free for girls but Bartender were so rude they only gave sprite and no vodka at all..also if u dint like the drink u cannot have another one till u finish ur first one ...Jerks!!..Ambiance was good ..
3	Stipulation: I went here for a private party, but I am unsure of the totals costs of entrance and the long wait. The inside of Pure looks and feels like a typical Las Vegas chic nightclub. Small dancefloor, cool couches, attractive service staff etc. I would recommend going to the rooftop bar for a great scenic view of Vegas. Prices were what you would expect too. Nothing too outrageous from what I remember.
4	love the rooftop of pure, we did bottle service here and had our own section, the security we had at our area was great. it was pricy for bottle service but hey this is vegas! you get what you pay for great music danced the night away while overlooking the strip in amazing weather! i have many birthdays in vegas and this was my to go place!
