4	Yet another great coffee hot spot in the city. Campanelli serves a serious coffee alongside some nice gourmet sandwiches. With Square George Etienne around the corner take your coffee to go and hang out in this great park!
3	Delicious and unusual sandwiches (though the bread could be fresher??) ...and they're too expensive, really. But the place has a nice vibe and is appealing and the design makes you feel like you're in Gastown Vancouver - very slick.
3	Cute spot with rustic interior and lots to look at all over the walls. Serving up decidedly italian style espresso with vac packed lavazza beans on an old rancillio. Unimpressive but servable shots. Their sandwich section looked more appealing though with many meat/cheese/dressing combos sure to please most.
4	Great place if you want lunch on the go.  They'll make sure to get your order ready ASAP.The roast beef sandwich packs a lot of hot punch!  It is also monstrously huge!
5	The SpotWe've been meaning to try Campanelli's for a long time. After what felt like an even longer meeting, starving and wanting some solid food we ended up there, and wow the Sandwhiches were to die for (an empty stomach can do that to you so we went back to verify).Between the fresh bread and flavorful fillings, it was a good lunch. Upon first laying eyes on our feast I was doubtful that even in my hungry state I would be able to consume the entire sandwich, but by the end of our meal we had all finished our massive, meaty sandwiches and were fully satisfied. Don't worry dear vegetarian readers, there were veggie friendly options on the menu as well.The cafe is perfect for grabbing good food to go, as they are fast and the food is easily transported. The cafe itself is more designed for take out but feel free to occupy the counters in the back and catch up with old friends. We opted for sitting on park bench out front under the summer sun enjoying the flavors.What's Really Good Although on the pricier side for a sandwich (between nine to fourteen dollars), you're guaranteed to get your money's worth with fresh ingredients and healthy portions of meats and cheese. The staff is very efficient without compromising the quality of the food. However if you're looking to have a long lunch with a friend or a loved one, this may not be the appropriate place as the only seating available is a counter top, and there are no waiters, rather you order your food and pay and then seat yourself. The coffee is also among the best in the neighborhood. Only draw back, they need some better quality to-go cups.You'll Wanna Know: If you're going to grab your "pick me up" coffee, Campanelli's is only open until 5 pm, so go sooner rather than later! Due to it's small size, it can be quieter and more comfortable to eat outside on one of the park benches lining the street, so take your sandwich to go and eat under the sun! Ps. The banana bread is really good if you're tempted to add a sweet treat to your coffee order.
5	Yum, I heart this place... The old Brodino, and in my new hood!
