3	I've received flowers from God's Garden Treasures on two occasions. I received the same flower arrangement on both occasions, and had the same experience both times- they didn't make it through the day. But to be more specific, the arrangement was the swirling gerbera daisies arrangement. It's a beautiful arrangement, and not very expensive, but something about the arrangement seems to result in swift and imminent death for the flowers. On the plus side, the folks over at God's Garden Treasures have been more than happy to replace the sad and dying arrangements on both occasions. The replacements were beautiful, and lasted for about a week before they began to wilt. The arrangements are creative, and the employees are great about personalizing the flowers for the intended recipient. They are also a local company, which I far prefer over a company like 1-800-flowers. I would recommend God's Garden Treasures for all flowers, with the exception of the daisies (unless you request them in a tall vase, or in an arrangement that offers more support), and do plan to order from them in the future.
1	DO NOT USE FOR WEDDINGS!While the owner is very nice and seemed to make a good impression, the flowers on my wedding day were NOTHING like we had discussed. Plus that she had forgotten two corsages for a grandmother and my singer. She went to the grocery to make new ones and they were puny, you could not even see them. I was embarrassed!I was very specific (as most brides are) about the type of flowers I want and did not want and the size of all the bouquets. I even gave her pictures of the style and shape that I wanted. The bouquets were shaped very strangely, not really in a pretty bouquet way. They were covered in green leaves and I wanted ZERO greenery or leaves! The daises were dark in the center and of course I had requested only light centered daises.The flowers in my bridesmaid bouquets were tied loosely which I did not want, and they were wilted half way through out pictures. There were about 5 flowers in these supposed "bouquets". They were pathetic looking. I had told all my girls how amazing our flowers were going to be and how excited I was for them because I put a lot of time into them and they were nothing near close to what I had thought.I had always looked forward to my bouquet and my wedding flowers and could not wait to hold my gorgeous bouquet, I'm still upset about it and it is one of the 2 things I wish I could go back and change. Save yourself wedding day grief and go somewhere else!
5	Tired of the big national chain florists, I wanted to find a local florist for a very special Christmas delivery.  Their web site is easy to use, prices are fair, especially delivery charges.  My relatives were very happy with how beautiful the arrangement was and the courtesy of the delivery process. I feel like I've found "my" florist.
1	Ordered flowers online for mothers day. If I had not called to confirm, they would not have been made on the set pick-up time. When I arrived to pick up my flowers, I was very disappointed in the final product (Cotton Candy Bouquet). Did not look like the photo displayed online, very bare. Had to ask to have more added to it. They left out the personalized note that supposedly comes with the flowers. For 40.00, I could have gone to the grocery store and arranged something nicer.
5	Karin's professionalism and commitment to customer services sets the standard for florists.  I had my wedding out of town and was doing a DIY for my flowers.  Karin not only put together a plan to help each my brides maids learn how to do their own bouquets, but she assisted in helping us learn what we need to in order to have beautiful flower displays on my wedding day for a reasonable price.   Karin has built a customer for life.  Any of my flower needs will go to her.  Thank you!
5	We were so pleased with the flowers and arrangements for our wedding.  They listened to our desires and brought it to life.  The flowers were delivered on time and they went the extra mile to make everything perfect.Erik
4	My boyfriend brought home an arrangement on Friday and it didn't make it through the weekend, I was so disappointed because the arrangement was beautiful! I called Karin and she apologized and replaced my flowers the next day! She was sure to ask my favorite flowers, colors, style - and my new flowers are just as gorgeous if not more than the last. It's unfortunate the first set didn't last, but I was overly impressed by her concern and desire to make it right. You can't beat that kind of customer service.
5	I am the Senior Catering Sales Manager at the Scottsdale Resort & Conference Center and have worked with Karin at God's Garden Treasures on numerous occassions. She is a master of her craft, extremely creative and has more passion than anyone I have ever worked with! That being said, she is amazing at what she does! I will continue to work with God's Garden Treasures at any opportunity possible as their floral makes my events look gorgeous and her professionalism and dependability puts my mind at ease.
5	The team at Gods Garden Treasures created a beautiful arrangement for some friends of mine. I loved that they asked me - not only what the color schemes were at their home- but also the message I was trying to send. I felt that I was purchasing flowers through a customized process, as opposed to just picking out an arrangement that was more "generic" by nature. Thanks for your creativity and interest in discovering the message the flowers were to send!
5	I was very impressed with the expertise of God's Garden Treasures.  I had unfortunately forgotten about Father's Day and on the Saturday before called them and asked if there was a way to deliver a gift that day. They said "no problem" and came through with a perfect gift basket for my fickle father. It was delivered within hours of my call.  He loved all the cookies and treats but what was really surprising was his love for the basket that the treats came in.  He was keeping the basket. I will be using them again in the future!  Thanks again as my father thinks I come up with the best gifts ever!
5	The BEST floral service I have EVER used & the ONLY one I recommend to friends, family & colleagues. Karin (the owner, very hands on & very passionate about her trade ... & it shows) is impeccable with detail and GENIUS when it comes to interpreting the feeling you're trying to create with your arrangement. This is NOT another cookie-cutter strip mall flower shop like others I've tried over the last 20+ years. I hope I don't offend anyone by saying, but as an AZ native, not easy to find really unique, "stand out from the rest"  services when it comes to creativity. Most offer the same crap the next guy does (carnations? Really? Ugh ....) Perhaps because the AZ market is as a whole is more conservative (or tolerant?) than that of other major cities, so less pressure for co's to differentiate themselves?With that being said, GG is like none other I've used, and since I'm in sales, I've sent A LOT of flowers over the years,  really a different breed altogether. I know little about flowers, usually have no idea how/what to order (other than "NO CARNATIONS, can't stand) & for this reason was disappointed 99% of the time before I found this place (who would have guessed, here in S Tempe, right in my backyard). won't be at all surprised if they grow out of current location soon, BY AND FAR a breakaway winner w/ regard to quality, creativity, knowledge, designand service. Based on my experience (& others I've referred) no other florist in the valley even COMES CLOSE. Since I'm a native, VERY selective & a big-time researcher (aka. "tough customer" or "frugal" as described by less tactful friends) I'm one of those people others come to when in need of a referral.  God's Garden is the ONLY place I recommend, not once have I referred to someone who was less than thrilled with what they got. No business can please 100% of its customers 100% if the time, since much is left to "customer interpretation" and impossible to control every logistic, supplier, employee etc. But this place comes scary-close! They've accommodated seemingly impossible timelines with dead-on accuracy (no pun intended, but funeral included) with almost no lead time, and EVERY SINGLE TIME my arrangement was all the talk.My guess is that they purchase from different suppliers than the other guys, they always have exotic flowers/fillers on-hand, even for same, day orders, most of which I've never seen before (and I and THRIVE on "unique" when it comes to flowers) which I swear makes it more exciting for ME than the receiver seeing them for the first time!  Always a surprise, ALWAYS the arrangement everyone's "oohing & aahing" over.  What I love the most - I can just tell Karin what I'm trying to accomplish with my arrangement, a feeling, a look I want, colors, specific types of flowers I do/don't want, how much I have to spend etc. & she does the rest. I've NEVER been able to do this before without getting a lame, run of the mill, overpriced arrangement. Even if I have little to spend, she's so creative she can throw together a few pieces and still make them REALLY stand out. The owner seems like a big-time perfectionist, I'm sure her staff is as gifted as she when it comes to "interpreting customers wishes" but can't say since Im too chicken so I prefer to place orders direct w/ her. Another note worth mentioning... the many times these guys have saved my a** (and also a**es of my friends who called me in a panic after rejected by other florists, unable/unwilling to accommodate timelines) & not only did they say, "YES" but came through with flying colors. this is why I'm talking the time to write this long-winded review (which I rarely do, being the hard-to-please customer I am & admittedly selfish with what little time I have) - because I believe this is a secret worth sharing, and only appropriate to promote a business as excellent as this one. Based on the numerous hat/rabbit tricks I've seen her pull off successfully, I'm confident Karin will figure out a way to maintain the quality, genius creativity & excellent service as they grow. If I had more than two thumbs, they would ALL BE UP for God's Garden. Thanks guys/girls for ALWAYS making me look and for NEVER dropping the ball, even in a pinch. More than happy to return the favor by sharing my experiences with others who have need for your services but (like me) no tolerance for mediocrity.  PLEASE ... keep up the great work!
2	My husband sent me flowers for my birthday; the arrangement was nothing like he asked for.  He wanted to send me a tall vase of succulents mixed with other flowers.  I received small green a boat looking vase with a couple succulents, moss, pom looking things, two roses, and four lilies.  All but the succulents were dead within 36 hours even though I watered it every day.  It was also close to $100 including delivery.  I know flowers are expensive but when he told me what it cost I was shocked. We both feel like it was a giant waste of money.
2	UPDATE --Received a second arrangement from here, and it was our last. When my fiance brought it home it looked so horrific I asked where he got it from, assuming he would say the grocery store or somewhere putting out sub-par florals, and when he told me the place I couldn't believe it. And lets just be clear, I am NOT picky about flowers - AT ALL. I sent a photo to several friends and they all said they looked horrible.Of course I called and explained, brought it back the next day and they re-did it. But I feel like twice in a row is two times too many. Especially when you're paying at least $40 an arrangement - for dead flowers.I would have given them 1 star but they were polite about it and offered to replace the arrangements - which was inconvenient and defeated the purpose, but courteous nonetheless.Original Review-- My boyfriend brought home an arrangement on Friday and it didn't make it through the weekend, I was so disappointed because the arrangement was beautiful! I called Karin and she apologized and replaced my flowers the next day! She was sure to ask my favorite flowers, colors, style - and my new flowers are just as gorgeous if not more than the last. It's unfortunate the first set didn't last, but I was overly impressed by her concern and desire to make it right. You can't beat that kind of customer service.
5	I was in a bind and needed a presentation wreath for a very important memorial celebration.  God's Garden Treasures created a wreath to fit the occasion and delivered it to my hotel.  Thanks God's Garden Treasures!
