1	The worst cupcake place ever.  I specifically asked the employee if the scone cupcake was sweet and the employee said it was not too sweet.  I don't think I ever had such a sweet cupcake in my life! It was so nasty that I felt like vomiting and it left this horrible after taste in my mouth. Even the obese Americans have better quality cupcake places.  Sorry but your cupcakes taste terrible!On top of that the place had no plastic forks.  How in the world is someone suppose to indulge in a giant cupcake without a fork?  Worst experience.
4	Yummm just thinking about this place makes me drool.. do not dare pass here if you are on a diet! I love their selection (although it doesn't change too often, i think this place could push it a bit more with some more out-there flavours!) but they are beautiful & taste amazing, very fresh! Prices seem to have gone up as this place is getting more popular, but I suppose if cost of ingredients is going up too this is going to be no surprise. A gorgeous little shop with lovely decoration, defiantly worth a look in!
4	I got the chocolate cheesecake cupcake and it was pretty good!  Very moist with cheese in the center
5	After Eight cupcakes are to die for!
4	Bibi's prides itself on not only having pretty-looking and decadent cupcakes and sweets, but also having baked goods that are really delicious. I have stopped in twice. I must say they have amazing window displays (I loved the colourful macaroon tower today) but inside the shop  it feels cramped, stuffy and hot. Both times the shop has been swarmed by squawking teenage girls, too. Despite this, the cakes are gorgeous and the brownies are delicious!
2	These cupcakes look stunning! In fact they look so good they make you think they even taste better then they do! I've been to Bibi's 3 times now. I'm not quite sure why. maybe its been the people I was with (different each time) or the fact that all those times happened in the first 6 months of living here in Scotland and I was just drawn in by the beauty of the cupcakes... But lets break it down. they icing taste more like harden lard with sugar. its not delicious, its not smooth, the texture is hard and I do not want to eat all of it ( which is ridiculous b/c I get icing shots at a cupcake place in CA. I LOVE my icing!)  Next the cake... I know its Scotland and people like their cake her dry and crumbly, but listen theres no pouring cream for the cupcakes so make mine moist!  Too dry or too dense. the only one I had which I would get again IF I HAD to go back, would be the Victoria sponge cupcake. The icing was better then the others ( probably b/c it was inside and not decorative) but still just meh, nothing to rave about. Sad b/c I like a good cupcake, but this is not the place for it yet there seems to be so many Bibi's around and I can't figure out why!?
5	I have eaten a lot of cup cakes so I like to think I am a great judge of cupcakes. This place is fantastic!! In just the 3 months I have lived here I have visited Bibi's a few too many times. I have tried the chocolate ganache,  chocolate cheesecake, After Eight (mint) and espresso. They are all so amazing!! Their vanilla frosting isnt the best I have ever had, I personally think it is way too sweet and dense, but the mint and chocolate icing are fantastic! Not only is the frosting worth 5 stars but the cake is always so moist and flavorful!! Plus sometimes there is a little surprise inside the cupcake!! With such a great location and cupcakes this place cant be beat! (My boyfriend loves the macaroon, but since I have never eaten one I dont feel like I can rate them here)
4	The macaroons are great!! ! The cupcakes also look delicious! I only wish that they were open earlier in the morning so I could take some treats into work. Parking in the area is a nightmare ( as expected ).
4	Show me your cupcakes!!Fab little bakery nicely located on Fredrick Street. I bought 12 cupcakes ...for a friend... and they looked delicious! Nicely presented in  cute Bibi's Bakery box and the lovely girl who serviced me was all smiles. I would avoid on warm days as I can imagine the shop getting cramped pretty quickly
