4	I like this store.. Good staff members.. descent merchandiseTHIS STORE IS A LOWER VOLUME STORE SO ITS HOURS OF OPERATIONS ARE REDUCED!Overall its a pretty good store. fairly clean and organized.
1	Dropped a 5 duece in this place... and I dont mean cash.
5	i'm not sure what the first reviewer was talking about. anyway.this location is great for:- men's and women's shoes- friendly staff (the former manager, robin, was excellent.)this location is not great for:- a large selection of DVDs (unless you like the ones from the dollar store.)- kids' toysbathroom report: decent
3	I don't often venture in to thrift stores.  I had planned this visit looking for 2 particular items.  One I found on a visit to another store earlier in the day and the other a friend offered me one for free later in the day.  I couldn't resist wandering around though.  I beelined for the housewares section because kitchen stuff is one of the things I can get excited shopping for.  Was really unimpressed with the selection although it was late in the day of 50% off alternating Saturdays and I am sure it had been picked over.  Speaking of the sale day, the place was still packed in the early afternoon.  Just for the fun of it I wandered in to the men's clothing section not expecting much, they had some nice shirts but none that really excited me however I did find a pair of Tommy Bahama cargo shorts with some life left in them for $3.  I may have to visit thrift shops more often.
5	This location is right by my house so I go there often. The employees are great. There's 2 guys that once they get used to seeing you are amazing. I mean really they crack me up!There's tons of housewares here. If you are a DIY person like me you will always find tons of stuff to fix up back there.  I have found paint-able furniture there for cheap too. I have scored a bunch of jewelry boxes here in good shape for cheap! Lot's of other Goodwills don't have that!They have LOTS of toys and the kids clothes are generally in great shape. Women's clothes are good. You do find treasures!  I have got brand new original tag still attached shirts!Men's clothing.. there are TONS of dress shirts and pants. Most are in excellent shape!The best part though is the other people shopping. You see the strangest people in here!  I love the women with carts full of horrible vests, stretchy pants, and God awful ugly dresses with fringe! If you don't find treasure in here at least stick around and watch people. Totally worth it!
5	Same layout & stuff as every other Goodwill, but the people at this location are super friendly! You can tell at a lot of stores when employees are forced to greet customers, but the cashier who said hi when I came in and the guy putting out product on the floor who talked to me both seemed geniunely friendly. It sort of spread to the customers & it seemed like they warmed up more than people in Phoenix usually do. I've found from working in retail for ten years that this usually comes down to managers treating their employees with respect & it spreads from there. I hope that is the case & that the company recognizes this store for doing it right.
