5	i got myself 4 tacos al pastor with pineapple. because its what these places are known for. meat was good. only problem i had was the pineapple bits were too big. service was great. price was decent.now i dont have to drive to the other side of vegas to get my taco fix, since this place is 3 blocks away from where i live, making it more convenient.if you want tacos and live nearby, try it. i cant vouch for the other items on their menu.
5	I am pretty sure I have never rated anything on Yelp. However, with that being said I was so satisfied with this place that I am writing this review as I drive home. I couldn't wait to give it five stars. It was my first time at a taco cart and I was a little nervous. However as I walked up I was warmly greeted by a man who turns out to be the owner. I ordered a chicken taco. While I was waiting for it to be prepared he presented me with a taco on the house of their specialty, the pastor. After eating both which were both equally delicious I am left speechless about how wonderful this place is.  Hands down the best tacos I have ever had and a gracious owner to boot. What more could you possibly ask for?!?!
5	The best tacos in Las Vegas Period! Al pastor with cheese and pineapples or no cheese are the best :) I visit frequently (3+ a week) and always consistent, I just want to rob that spinning meat thingy and take it home with me!
5	Great great tacos.  Place very clean.  Perfect seasoning and right amount of grease on food and tortillas.  Preparation and placement of salsas, onions, cilantro was immaculate.  But the meats were  by far better than any tacos in Las Vegas.  A Los Angeles native that loves street food....A+.
5	One of the best taco trucks in the city! Their al pastor is spicy and full of flavor. The employees are extremely friendly and passionate about what they do. I recommend getting their al pastor con queso for a delicious yet heart attack inducing meal! Viva el Pastorcito!
4	Love love love the al pastor from this taco truck. The place always looks clean and shiny, and they keep the salsa bar spotless and well-stocked. Beware the green salsa, it's not guacamole and it's killer hot and spicy. The food is 5 star but I have to deduct 1 star for not having a place to sit here ( the location at E Charleston has a nice little seating area).
