5	I like to be rubbed, 24/7, and I promise myself a staff masseur when I win that Powerball Jackpot.  But until then I have to find a more economical option.  Southeastern Institute is a great alternative.  I finally get to check out the student clinic this past Friday after work.  $25 for a 50-minute full body massage isn't a bad deal.  And I was impressed by the quality.  I hate to say, it was better than the "real" massage I last had at a full price studio.  Jess was the student masseur I was assigned to.  The pressure was good.  I even got "chopped."  She remembered to massage places like my hips and hands and inner thighs.  The only place I wish she would have "rubbed" a little was my head.  Head massage is the best!  But of course for $25 there were "setbacks"  (things that I personally don't care much about but it may make a difference for someone else).  First, this is in an office building off Tyvola/I-77.  Let's just say it's not the most spa-like.  The check in area is just a big office room with chairs.  No fancy fruit soaked water to be offered... or dim lighting that makes us look more glowing.  The studio isn't private room.  Instead it's just another big room with curtains/sheets pulled up as dividers.  The lights are dimmed here, and they do have the spa music on.  Frankly I was perfectly okay with the arrangement.  It's not like anyone is being loud during a massage anyhow.  I do have a PSA to make: if you happen to put your jewelry or little items in that bowl, make sure you (or your masseur) put it WITH your clothes... nothing un-relax a person faster than "holy sh!t where is my watch?!"  And since it's not as private of a setting, I spent the night trying not to freak out that I will never see my birthday gift ever again.  Luckily I got it back the next morning without any problems... whew!Also, clinic hours are on Fridays & Saturdays only.  I will definitely treat myself to a massage once every other month or so... what can I say, I like being a guinea pig :)
4	For all of you massage addicts that don't want to dish out $60-$100 every time you need your fix.  Call the Southeastern School of Massage Therapy and schedule an appointment during their student clinical hours.  I am a full-time dance education student at UNCC, so my muscles are sore a majority of the time and having monthly massages really helps.  For me, you can't beat getting a 50 minute massage for $25 and no tips (you aren't allowed, because they are students)!!!The facility is set up like a clinic, so you will not get the ambiance you might expect from other spas.  The massages are done in large rooms where each massage table is separated by curtains all the way around (so don't worry, you do have privacy).  The lights are dimmed and soothing music plays on the speakers throughout the massage.  After the massage you give feedback about your experience on a small evaluation sheet!  Students are being graded based on how well they rub you down...so I have always felt that I have received exceptional massages, because the student knows you will be grading them after!  I personally have enjoyed every single massage out of the 12 times I have been in the last 2 years!!  I would highly recommend to anyone needing a massage, but not wanting to pay a fortune!!  Student Clinic hours are every Friday from 1PM-9:00PM and Saturday from 9:00AM-4:00PM.  Each 50 minute session is $25.00 (they accept debit and credit cards).  Call the campus at 704-527-4979 to schedule an appointment!  I would call a week in advance, because they do get booked solid some days!!.
3	Great value on a massage! $30 for a 50 minutes rubdown, no tip allowed - you are just asked to review the student afterwards. Kim did an awesome job on getting the kinks out of my neck/shoulders, as I work at a desk all week. As others have said, you don't get a private room but you don't really notice anyone around you as people are quiet during their massages. Only drawback was the clocks in each work station, they were ticking loudly which was distracting at times. Hours available on Friday/Saturday only, can only call the week of to schedule appointment. I went at 6:00 and beat the rush, as there were a lot of people in the reception area as I was on my way out.
5	I have been to Southeastern for massages over a period of time, and try to get back any time I can get there on a Saturday.  This is a great opportunity for a relaxing massage and I like helping students get the experience they wish for, before they graduate.  The check-in is easy and friendly, it's a great value for the money, and is a very pleasant experience.
