5	If you are at all bashful or have issues around nudity, you might want to stop reading now.  This place will not be for you.... but for the free spirited, the Alwun House is the place to be this month for their Erotic Art Festival.The exhibit kicks off with their outrageous sneak preview party tonight, (Feb. 8th) at 7pm.  Don't expect to see stuffy art aficionados milling about with glasses of champagne. Do expect to see transvestites on 8 inch platform shoes dancing and laughing with the  glitter dusted, the body painted, the latex clad, and the goths. They create a club atmosphere in their back yard with a floor show of comics, cross dressers, dancers, acrobats and contortionists.  You can't immerse yourself in the circus atmosphere and not walk away smiling.
4	Props to Alwun House for hosting events like the Exotic Art Show. Uptight religious types are nowhere to be found in this free spirited atmosphere, and that deserves a couple of stars alone. This is the third Exotic Art Show I have attended, and I have to be honest in saying 2008's was my least favorite. The cold may certainly have dampened the vibe (where were the portable heaters?), or maybe the acts were less to my personal liking. Miss Satanica, an eater of fire and glass, was great (and quite the trooper for continuing her show in spite of an injured ankle), but her weird lame sidekick did nothing for her. Of the Earth musicians had talent, but also oozed pretention and sounded like Rusted Root. Even the Ringmaster, Nick Tarr, was funnier last year. Some of the dancers were amazing, especially Fatima from Spell, and Jen from Of the Earth. I wished they had been on far longer. The pieces in the art exhibit itself always vary wildly, from tame and classically beautiful, to the uber-graphic, violent, or decidedly non-vanilla fetish.  My personal favorites this year were Christian Correra (amazing frames as well as photography) and Sarah Clemens (whose gorgeous "Breezy" graced the cover of the program, and whom I luckily got to meet). If you've never been, plan ahead for the Halloween party. It is a lot of fun in my experience, and is their other wild-side party of the year. Be forewarned, you cannot bring in alcohol (they have security who will check your bags), and you need cash to buy tickets at the door as well as drinks inside. Just beyond the back porch you will find a table where you can purchase tickets for alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages. If you have a body bubble, you'll probably be uncomfortable, because these events are always super crowded and you have to  be one of the first in line if you want even a chance at a seat.
4	This place is crazy!  I enjoy the eclectic events they have and watching theater in the back yard.  It's such a gorgeous house in not always a very nice neighborhood.
4	I have no clue what this place is.  I went a few days ago for the Femocracy show and I'm not really sure what that was either.  I'm not really into the Phoenix art scene so I don't get a lot of the stuff that goes on here so I'll do my best to describe my experience.The Alwun house is just a big house in downtown Phoenix that hosts different art events.  When I went, the house was filled with erotic art which was eclectic and well...erotic.  In back there is a large, mostly-covered area with a stage and plenty of seating.  This is where I saw "Femocracy" which was a bunch of artsy and somewhat humorous skits.  It was entertaining but I won't review it because I don't think it has anything to do with the actual Alwun House.Anyway, the back of the house is a nice area and a nice place to chill if the weather is nice and you are into artsy stuff that may be playing on the stage.  There is a bar that serves very minimal cocktails.I was there to support a friend and I'm all for supporting the local art scene, but I probably won't be back unless I have to.  The Alwun House was very interesting to say the least and everybody that visits and works there is very nice.
4	Art Gallery house in a space that is, well, a house. There is a huge backyard that is excellent for art openings because they can set up a stage for entertainment, a small bar area, a small appetizer area (veggies with dip and some desserts), and still have room for chairs and tables, seating around a fire pit, and there is a koi pond as well. I have found that the art varies, even by artist. I've now come to two different exhibits and I enjoyed both very much. There is a good turnout at events and exhibits will run for several weeks following an opening. The vibe is friendly, eccentric, and casual. Street parking in the neighborhood.
4	This place was awesome. Our band "Hooves" got invited to play for the Opening night of the Light House event that they put on.Everyone was totally nice and hospitable, and the illuminated artwork  had a massive range in terms of style from all of the local artists who submitted pieces.The house itself is enough of a reason to pay it a visit. The backyard and surrounding areas are made up of all sorts of stone pathways, with small koi ponds popping up randomly. The attention out back is drawn toward a very respectable stage where bands (us), or any other performance artists (in our case, Serene Dominic) perform under a sort of canopy.They had a cash bar set up with spiced cider and some other drinks, so they certainly did things right. We had to end our set a little early due to noise complaints around 10:45PM. The only drawback of the Alwun House is the fact that it's right in the middle of a residential area, so I could imagine we're not the first group to get cut a little short.At any rate, check it out!
5	I just really love the Alwun House. I have been to several events there over the last couple of years including the Monster's Ball this past Halloween weekend. For each event I have gone to, the artwork in this art house was very relevant to the theme. I like being able to see art while I am getting my party on! The cover to the events are reasonable and drinks cheap. They also typically have complimentary appetizers which is always welcomed with long lines. Entertainment (besides the always interesting people watching) usually consists of some performance art, magic tricks, DJs spinning beats, and my favorite, a burlesque troupe (Provacatease). At times a little kooky, I always find it enjoyable and have a great time at these parties. The crowd is varied and full of fun weirdos. I love it! Besides the main events, Alwun House also hosts speakers, poetry and rotating exhibits. You can become a member for $25 a year, too, which helps support this local spot.
1	This place has really gone downhill in the last few years. When I first moved to the area it seemed like a cool place to go to. Lately the prices for their events have really gone up, the entertainment is trying to be shocking (but lame) and it just is starting to get sticky. The crowd thinks they are artsy but it is more like a half-assed S+M club in someones back yard. After going here about 15 times since 2004 I do not think I will go back. oh and be careful about where you park. The neighborhood has gotten shady.
4	Over the past decade or so, I've had plenty of opportunities to attend events at the Alwun House. Engagement parties; a recent liqueur, beer and mead tasting; and fetish soirees.I really like the space. Well, the yard. Sure - the house is cool - and I do love the concept of an art space in a historic home.  I am happy to support a place that supports local artists and artisans . But I LOVE the yard. Koi ponds, sculpture, private areas and mature landscaping. It's a fantastic place for an intimate event.  Whether the group has been 40 or 200, the place is cozy with plenty of room to mingle. Overall, Alwun House is one of my favorite venues for an event here in town. And I am still looking for the perfect event to host there.Another reviewer mentioned the neighborhood has gotten shady. Or something like that.  I was confused by this.  The house is at 12st St and Roosevelt.  TURNING Shady?  I've only been in town since 1985 - but it's been "shady" at least that long!  Hello, it's just beyond the bright lights of downtown. It's not a bad area by any means - but you should pretend you're just outside the downtown area of any real city. Alone at night is silly. Alone at night and wearing flashy baubles or having an expensive camera dangling from your neck is just downright stupid.  Follow the rules of common city sense, and there's no need to fear.
5	I loved this place.  I've only been to one event here, but it was awesome.  I love how it's a historical house, and how they support local artists and events.  The staff was all very nice, the decorations were unbelievable, and the yard was beautifulIt looked like parking could be difficult, but we took a taxi which worked out perfectly.  Just be aware of parking issues if you drive.
3	Gosh, there was so much hype about this place that I was expecting a LOT more.  Very small gallery and the space itself seemed kind of run-down and not that clean.  They gave us wine, which is great when you go art-hunting, but I was not impressed with the art either.  Yes, I'll go back...to support the local arts, but this place needs some cleaners and a landscape and interior designer to spruce it up!!
4	The only thing wrong with Alwun House is that there needs to be a half-dozen or so more like it along Roosevelt before Phoenix can really be said to have a "thriving arts scene". I've been to several shows and events here, and last night made my second year at the annual Halloween Monster's Ball. I tell ya: If you want to party on Halloween you need to hang with some artsy people--you know, the ones who really know how to work with make-up and foam rubber and found objects. After consorting a bit with the devil himself, I made friends with a couple of dead girls and Abraham Lincoln. Cruella DeVille had finally caught those yapping puppies and had made a nice stole for herself out of their heads, and Gumby looked on aghast. Anyway, it's a funky arts scene, and the gallery is usually stocked with interesting stuff. At events such as the one last night you can usually talk to the artists themselves. Very casual. As far as the neighborhood is concerned--yeah, you want to lock your car and take the usual precautions. This isn't Chandler Fashion Center, thank God. The management is good about providing security at their events, so the only potential problem is walking to or from your car if you need to park a few blocks away. Just be aware of things around you (like you normally are, right?).
