3	After months of procrastination and simply tired of not able to use the Check In feature thru the phone app (for my paparazzi)  due to its store's non existence in Yelp database, i finally decided to put this place among the stars, 3 stars that is. But, Manolo why only 3 stars?  Simple, to me Einstein Bagel is Einstein Bagel wherever store the road takes me and need to satisfy my chop garlic with Jalapeno smear craving (toasted of course and cut in half for driving compatibility).  I do how ever miss their infamous Spontanei iced tea. I know its only a fruity flavored green tea with a touch of ginger extract and honey, but you have to admit it does sound Exotic.  :)
1	My wife and I have gone to this location many times in the past however, the service here has become really bad. My wife came to this location about a month ago and ordered a bagel thin breakfast sandwich. It came without some special sauce and when she came back in and asked for more, they poured so much on the sandwich that she then had to have it made again ! The staff was also rude when she asked to have it remade. She then called Merilee the store manager who was very helpful and sorry for her experience. She offered her a credit for anything she would like the next time she came in. My wife,  my self and my daughter came in Sunday 5/20 and she asked to claim her credit. The shift manager - Chris was very snotty and said oh you can get the same sandwich they made wrong if you want. My wife stated very nicely that the store manager had offered a credit for a meal, whatever she wanted. She ordered a sandwich/side/drink and cookie. The shift manager was snotty through the whole order as if my wife was asking for something that was not due her.  Then today, 5/23, my wife and daughter again visited this location for bagel thin breakfast sandwiches. The Shift manager that had helped my wife this past Sunday (Chris)  recognized her immediately and turned to a co worker (it appeared she was snickering about my wife). It was awkward. Another shift manager- Chelsea was very nice but my daughters Pesto Chicken Breakfast sandwich was cold when she opened it outside and the cheese tasted weird. She was so uncomfortable that she didn't want to go back in to have it redone for fear of being treated in the same manner my wife had.  My wife's sandwich was fine.It's really too bad that the customer service in this place has become so sub par as it is close to our house, however, after these experiences my wife and I will no longer patronize this Einsteins.   Customer service should be pleasant and customers should not be made to feel uncomfortable after they've rightly complained of bad services.
4	This has become my go to breakfast spot in the morning.  Reliable bagels and overall friendly staff.  I will say there seems to be two shifts an A and B staff and when the A staff is on the bagel is amazing and service top notch B staff food is okay service alright but a clear difference.  The women who I believe to be the manager is very sociable and the dude who makes my bagel most of the time loads it with honey, butter and perfectly toasted.
4	ages....ages since i've been in einsteins. i don't typically eat bagels anymore because it is just so many carbs for breakfast. but i neglected to eat before leaving the house and after a few hours of errands and meetings, i needed something, alas, einsteins was right there!!!!i ordered a spinach, mozz, and mushroom bagel sandwich and coffee. it was pretty good i must say. the coffee was good as well. as anyone knows, tons of bagel options.
1	Einsteins has really gone downhill in recent years but this location takes the cake. The service is extremely slow (it should never take so long to make a bagel sandwich) and the food is just bad. I've emailed the company in the past about their fruit cups, but today mine was actually moldy--gross! But the date on the cup was today's, so either they are postdating their food or a neglectful employee actually scooped moldy fruit into a cup. Oh, and they got my order wrong, but I've pretty much come to expect that from this location now. Guess it's high time I give up on Einstein bagels.
1	Slow, painfully slow service.  Only one register open regardless of the length of line.  They exist only because they have a perfect location.  Unbelievable the stuff that goes on here yet customers still come on in.  Wait times for food are horrendous.  There will be numerous people with food in hand in line, yet they sometimes have the only register person also making espresso drinks (slowing down the entire line).  I guess that 2nd register at the end is just for show.
3	So, I think the frozen coffee mixes are good. Definitely not over sweetened like they do at Starbucks.  The only draw back coming here is that the prices are high. $11 for a sandwich and coffee. Its good, but not that good.
1	This location is horrible.  The order taking is inconsistent - Gina can never get things correct.  The product quality is inconsistent, and they are frequently out of items
4	every time I go here best in town..  yes sometimes service is slow however when its busy but just happy to get good new york style stuff here very good and never tasting like day old bread.
4	Duder behind the counter was super friendly. Their coffee is so-so but then again I'm a bit picky about this sort of thing. But best believe it was blazing hot, so points for that! Only real issue I had was that I asked for light cream cheese on my bagel, bc surprise!, I actually like to taste my food yet welcome along accoutrements as supporting players on the field of my taste buds. What I received was the typical slathering of cheese on top. Definitely an easy fix, so no worries there, it's just nice for people to actually listen to your wants and actually deliver when they're in the customer service industry.
2	All I have to say is 'Damn Gina!'  Gina (lady always working the register), I love you, but you need to figure out how to work that register.  You remember everyone's' names, but can't remember where the buttons are to ring up a bagel.  And, I'm not quite sure how on Bagel Friday, they have a total of four people working the entire store.  It makes for some 15-20 minute waits for a bagel if it is crowded.  Let's get some employees hired folks.  Oh yea, and don't eat on the side patio unless you want to get cancer from the second hand smoke put off my the employees taking a break at the back door.  Wait . . . I found the rest of the employees!
5	I needed a large last minute order filled and the staff here was able to fill the order without even batting an eye. Very thankful for the assistance and will be going back for more corporate orders down the road. Thanks again for your help!
2	Empty, dirty, and poorly stocked.  That's all I really need to say about my stop into the Einstein Bros Bagels at 90th street and Shea.  It doesn't help that I am not a fan of this chain to begin with, but this location certainly doesn't help change my opinion of Einstein.My wife and I had breakfast plans that were canceled at the last minute, so we just wanted something quick and easy before heading into a store in the huge shopping center Einstein is conveniently located in.  There certainly wasn't a crowd at 11am on Sunday morning, but that didn't stop the dining room from having a couple of dirty tables and trash cans filled above the rim.  Maybe the employees were busy making bagels since they were already out of several varieties?  No.  At least that's not the impression we were given when we asked if they had anymore of some of the missing bagels and were just told "we're out."  I get that you don't want to overstock, but I don't think our expectations are too high if we hope the bagels we like are in stock just before lunchtime.
1	We have a new Einstein's here in Prescott Valley & have been there a couple of times.  Food is great & store is clean & well kept (maybe because it's still new?).  Staff is helpful & efficient.  So that was our 'standard' while visiting the Scottsdale Einstein's last Friday.  Minimal staff, store was atrociously dirty (bathroom even worse) but fortunately we had a good sandwich & the latte I ordered was great.  Don't know if this a staffing or management issue, but this store was not presentable, good food or not.  Someone needs to let the Franchise owner know how poorly their store is being cared for, because d*mn it sure isn't right now!
1	I've never written a yelp review before but this service really got under my skin. I asked for a bagel with cream cheese, deli turkey and cucumbers. I get this order all the time. This time they tried to charge me 6.99 for a "tasty turkey" sandwich. I tried to correct the lady and she refused. I went to pay and the girl at the front corrected the order for me but then proceeded to talk to the woman in line behind me and other employees about me saying I was "getting all emotional over my vegetables". By far the worst experience and service I've had. I felt like I was back in high school with people talking about me like that... This is not how you should feel while receiving service. I will never go to this location again.
