3	This cute little place opened where Picazzo's used to be on Bell Rd by the QT just a few weeks ago. It's definitely NOT 5 stars as given by S.B. but it's got potential. Surprise is DESPERATE for quality Asian food. Saigon Kitchen is great Vietnamese but we could really use a GOOD Chinese place and no...Pei Wei is NOT good Chinese. The service staff is VERY green, but they are very attentive, polite, and aim to please. The hostesses are adorable and enthusiastic, albeit very young, and very inexperienced BUT in a charming kind of way. Our server was very nice, very prompt, and apologetic for the newness of the restaurant and the kinks. (Suggestion-please don't have the hostesses dress like they are going to prom. It makes them seem even younger and more inexperienced than they already are) The atmosphere is very clean and professional looking but you wouldn't know you were walking in to an Asian restaurant at all. I guess because I KNOW this used to be Picazzos...but they didn't change the decor AT ALL. The patio tables could use some sort of covering on them. The metal mesh tables weren't great when Picazzos owned the place and they still aren't great now.  A table cloth would be nice...or something more substantial than the metal mesh. The food. I'll be kind and say it has potential. We had the chicken lettuce wraps and the sampler platter for an appetizer. The filling for the lettuce wraps was VERY plentiful but it lacked flavor. Even the sauce that they brought along with it, which I think was some sort of peanut sauce was very under-seasoned. The sampler had 2 of the following: egg rolls, crab puffs, wontons, chicken skewers, and fried shrimp. Everything was under-seasoned. There was no sauce for dipping either so that didn't help. Our entrees included Volcano Beef, Filet Mignon, Orange Zest Chicken and Mongolian chicken. These dishes were much better than the very underwhelming appetizers. While they were more flavorful than the apps, they were still very cautiously seasoned. All dishes come with white rice. If you want fried rice there is an additional $4 charge. They do not offer brown rice as an option. The menu is pretty common with most Cantonese style restaurants though so there is something for everyone. We liked each dish but hope that, with time, these will blossom into bolder seasoning and bigger flavor. Even adding salt would be a good start. And please don't under-season because of the Sun City crowd. They will be gone soon and you will need to cater to the people who live here year round. Trust me, we like SEASONED food. We concluded with dessert after getting our hopes up from the main dishes but to say dessert fell flat is an understatement. We ordered the dessert sampler which included mochi, fruit soup, and tiramisu. The tiramisu is obviously frozen and not house made nor was it made with ladyfingers. It was super dry on the lower layer bordering on stale. The fruit soup was basically fruit cocktail in a glass of milk. And there must have been some issue with the mochi because it took a good amount of time for us to get our dessert and our server brought out the tiramisu and fruit soup telling us the mochi would be out "soon". "Soon" was about 10 minutes later. Dessert was VERY disappointing. The portions were pretty generous although the sampler was kind of skimpy, only having 2 pieces of each item. Makes it hard for a party of 5 to really enjoy that offering but everything else was large enough for all of us to share and then some. The prices were pretty reasonable.The biggest problem with Ann's Asian Bistro is that they are too conservative on flavor. They really need to amp it up if they are planning for the long-term. The service will work out its kinks and be fine but it won't be enough if the flavor isn't there. I am rooting for you Ann's Asian Bistro and I definitely will be back to check you out.  I really really would like to give you more stars next time! Good luck!
5	Great service.  Beautiful ambiance.  We had some fresh and delicious meals that transported us back to Hong Kong, so to speak.   The tea was to die for.  Great selection from the bar and wine list.  The menu has a wonderful variety and prices are very reasonable for the quality of food, service and ambiance that is both romantic and family friendly with a stepping stool by the sink and a diaper changing table in the restroom.  It is also ideal for entertaining corporate clients.  We'll be going back to sample other dishes, especially the Sizzling Rice Soup and Vegetable Tofu dish.  The noodle dishes were very good and we loved the Chinese broccoli dish with steamed rice.If you have children, there is a lovely outdoor fountain area where the kids can play and expend energy, a huge bonus that I noticed as a mom of 2 very active children.  They have both indoor and outdoor seating where you can watch the kids play while you enjoy your meal.  My kids loved the food as well.  While it is family friendly, we noticed there is also a separate area which is nice for intimate dates and client entertainment.  Love the bar area too.  We had a very pleasant experience at Ann's.
4	Welcome to the West Valley Ann's Asian Bistro & Bar! We just went here the other night and we were very pleased with our dinner. The flavors were excellent in all three dishes and they were very large (plenty for lunch the next day). All of the dishes were plated very nicely and presented well. Their drink prices were also very affordable and they had a large selection! They seemed understaffed and perhaps needed more people working, but we went the night that an article had been in the paper about the restaurant being new and so I'm sure that they had some unexpected crowds. I'm thrilled that this restaurant is here, there is always room for improvement, but overall I'm definitely a fan and will keep going back! Yum! Thanks Ann's!
3	The sweet and sour soup is super duper!
2	Another disappointment in the valley. I was hoping the reviews on yelp helped but no success.
4	Ann's Asian Bistro & Bar was a great discovery.  Enjoyed a wonderful lunch there today with friends.  We ordered from the lunch menu which offered a good variety of choices.  The food came to the table piping hot, flavorful & well prepared.  Courteous, friendly, attentive service. Happy to see a good quality Asian food restaurant in Surprise.Yes we will return.
5	I don't give 5 star reviews very often, but Ann's deserves one from me. This was my first time in being highly recommended. I am pretty particular about my Asian restaurants having lived in Asia for some time but Ann's really exceeded my expectations.I had the Garlic Noodles and asked for chicken to be added. Wasn't a problem (I've actually been to some Asian restaurants that said no substitutions!). The Garlic Noodles were fantastic and an ample portion for me to share with my girlfriend.Also ordered Combo Fried Rice, Pot Stickers and Coconut Tapioca with Watermelon. Huge portion of fried rice and six pot stickers. Taste was perfect and were served nice and hot. The Coconut Tapioca was a fresh (no pun) way to put these tastes together and was just refreshing for a summer Phoenix evening. Sweet but you didn't feel as if you had to roll away from the table after a dessert. Loved it.They've only been there 5 months and I can see they will be a favorite of mine.
5	Deliciousness!!! Food was so flavorful!! Will definitely be coming back for more!!
2	We have been to Ann's twice since we live right across the street. The first time we ordered the Orange Beef and the Chicken Lo-Mein. Both were really good! Not fantastic but good nonetheless. Our second visit, however really ruined Ann's for me. We ordered Kung Pao Beef and Mongolian Beef. Both were incredibly soupy (it was like eating stew) and the meet was very tough. There was nothing spicy or "Kung pao" about the Kung Pao Beef. I may go back for a third time just to see if maybe they were short staffed or something.
2	First, and probably only, visit. The service at best was indifferent. But, the food was horrible and largely inedible. To start with, the tea was served lukewarm in a pot which spilled all over the table. The Sliced BBQ pork was over cooked and covered with a sweet, brown sauce. We were expecting seeds and mustard for dipping; but, we could have moved on. The Magnolian Beef -- I hate to even think about it -- the meat was so mushy as to be nauseating.  I picked the vegetables, mostly onion, out and left the beef. The sweet and sour chicken was only slightly better.  Poor quality meat being disguised by overly sweet sauces.
4	Excellent service, friendly staff, wonderful food and great choices for wine!  I'm going back because they have an excellent menu with plenty of options available AND a flexible kitchen staff, which is hard to find in Surprise, aka Franchise Hell.  This time I had Curry Chicken but next time I'm having Volcano Steak or Braised Spicy Eggplant.
5	New favorite place. Best Chinese food I've ever had. One of the best dining experienced in memory. Superb service. This place is going to blow up. Can't wait or return!
3	We stopped in for dinner on a Friday night and we were seated right away. We started with the sampler platter appetizer (friend shrimp, egg rolls, chicken). There was a lot of unnecessary breading on the shrimp, but my husband liked the chicken. I ordered the Candied Walnut Shrimp and he ordered the Bistro Lo Mein. My shrimp had way too much shrimp on it but once I wiped some of it off the shrimp was pretty good. My husbands lo mein was delicious! We would definitely order that again. Overall we will be back but I will try something other than the Candied Walnut Shrimp.
1	We came here because we live across the street and really wanted to have some yummy food close by. We ordered crab puffs and spring rolls/egg rolls (depending on your menu), crab puffs were a huge disappointment not enough crab meat or cream cheese.  The spring roll was ok tasting but it didn't have a lot inside of it.  There is no children's menu, I find that not to be family friendly, we ordered garlic noodles minus the mushrooms and sliced BBQ pork for my kids.  When the garlic noodles and BBQ pork came out it looked and smelled delicious, and they were both tasty.  BUT halfway through eating the garlic noodles my daughter noticed a DEAD fly in the noodles, yuck!  So they took the noodles and remade them but I was disappointed that they still charged us for the noodles.  My husband and I split the orange shrimp which had way too much breading and tiny shrimp inside.  They also skimped on the orange sauce which I would loved to have more of.  Overall disappointment...will not be back.
5	My family had a wonderful experience at ANN's.  Food was delicious and authentic - I grew up in Asia and my family had restaurants; so I am qualified to say this.  Service was very friendly and warm.  The ambiance is very pleasant and relaxing.  They even have a diaper changing table in the restroom and a fountain area where active kids can expend some energy while waiting for the food to arrive - a family-friendly restaurant.  Unlike most Asian restaurants, the choice of beer, wine and spirits is extensive.  Looking forward to going back.
5	Awesome foodFair priceLots of foodWill come back againFriendly serverHappy to have eaten here
5	My husband and I have been here 3 times already, but last weekend was the first with my kids so we decided to order family style (variety of dishes to share, accompanied by rice). We ordered the salt and pepper fried pork chop, beef chow fun, a fish and tofu clay pot dish, and mayonnaise shrimp. All were delicious and priced between $10-$13 for each dish. The portions were good enough for my family of 6. My kids gobbled up everything and loved it. The chef seasoned the dishes quite well. Now on to the service........it was great! We were there during dinner time and they were pretty busy. I think they got slammed by a big party or something before we walked in  and it slowed them down a bit. The food took awhile to come out so our waiter asked if we would like some soup. We got soup and the kids scarfed that down too. But when we received the bill, there was no charge for soup. Our waiter made our family dinner extra special that night.
5	We had appetizers, they were delicious. Service was great and wow, awesome beer selection plus they have outdoor seating. NICE!
5	Absolutely love the food and service. Everything is always fresh and high quality. Can't beat the lunch specials and the portions are shareable. I havn't found anything that I don't like, I've tried.
5	Based on the reviews on Yelp, we tried this tonight as take out.  The calamari salad was excellent and very different.  We loved our vegetables with scallops.  We will definitely be back.  As good as it gets in the west valley and NOT a chain.  Hard to find something that is not a chain out here but to find one that is good, is wonderful.
3	We tried the Volcano Beef and the Curry Curry with Chicken. Both dishes were made with Tender meats and fresh vegetables. Both were tasty and mild with seasonings and had a slight kick of heat. The portions were large and they were served on very nice plates. Brown rice is a $1. option.  We were entertained by the 151 rum flame in the volcano beef that continued to burn all through the meal till we spilled it all over the beef.The dining room was clean and attractive.The service was friendly and efficient.Worth a try when you are in the area.3.5
4	Food was delicious and they have vegan options. Service was a little slow, but food more than made up for it. Will go again.
1	Ehh its okey.. Food was not that great..Curry curry chicken was gross & we returned it.. YUCK!!!!! This place is not good thats why it was dead when we went lol..I WONT be back! I rather go to panda!
4	The food and service at Ann's is great, it just happens to be located in a ghost town! We enjoyed our meal and the atmosphere. Hopefully the secret of Ann's will spread and help breathe some life into their little shopping center.
5	I arrived to a nearly empty restaurant with my sister and father.  We were delighted with our service and especially delighted with the food. This place should become very bust!!!
3	Ehhh.  It was 5:15pm and we were the only people in the restaurant...for the entire time we were there.  Food was unimpressive.  We were excited about the dollar appetizers for happy hour which were good and the egg drop soup was very tasty, but the entrees were only ok.  The garlic noodles were weird with Parmesan cheese on them, and the happy family was way salty.  My dining partner had a glass of wine and for 5 dollars she got half of a small glass.  Disappointing because we need good, not chain restaurants on the west side!
5	It was my daughter's 36th birthday so she selected Ann's Asian Bistro and we have been meaning to try but somehow never made it by. We were all pleasantly surprised...the food was really flavorful and the chef made a point of coming by the table after serving to be sure we were satisfied. The service was excellent and we all really enjoyed the atmosphere.  We will be sure to stop stain and phone in for take-out.Thank you for making her birthday memorable with your lovely singing. :-)
5	Lots of gluten free options. They are very willing to work with you to make what you want. They have gluten free sauce. I ordered shrimp fried rice very good. Very helpful annd nice waitor. Brown. Rice available.
4	The atmosphere was nice and the staff was very friendly.  The egg drop soup was the best I have ever tried.  We had the Mongolian beef and cashew and both were good.  Under $20 for lunch for two.
