5	The pharmacy guys were great. You can use the drive thru or stop on in. I noticed they had a phone ahead service also which I guess all the walgreens have.Not much more to say about a Walgreen's.
1	The drive in was slow let me wait 5 min while they waited on people inside before me SLOW....
3	This is a very convenient store for Mountain's Edge residents. 1. Pharmacy - no review on this yet, but when I have an Rx we will fill it here for sure because it's just so dang close to the house.2. Make up and Cosmetics - average priced in comparison to Target. Large selection also. Watch for the sales because you can get decent prices with the sale combined with coupons found in the paper.3. Toiletries, OTC medications, Household Items - watch for the sales, pair with a manufacturer coupon can get you some smokin' deals. Be warry of the "limit" on how many you can get at that price, and sometimes the savings aren't instant but in the form of "register rewards" which is used like cash on your next purchase. Key is to NOT LOSE THEM and to remember to use them BEFORE they expire!4. Grocery - the grocery department is VERY limited. I've come here a few times in the middle of cooking a dish because I was out of an ingredient, only to discover they don't have that particular ingredient. I undersand they are not a full grocery store so that makes sense, but nothing like making two stops...ugh.5. Photo - I came accross some random old 35mm rolls and I was super curious about what was on them. The photo department at this location still processes 35mm (YAY!) and my photos came out great.
2	Well, it's the only store in Mt Edge. Luckily for them. Every time I have ever purchased anything on sale it rings up at full price. They rarely have what I need. And the same grouchy jerk has been the cashier for the whole time I've lived in this neighborhood. I actually told him if he's that unhappy he should find another job.
5	Mr Grouchy Pants at the front counter is gone!! YAY!!! I no longer dread an expedition to this store. And I have not had anymore pricing problems either.
5	The usual fanfare here, it's a walgreens!
5	The staff is GREAT!! The manager is fantastic. They have all the products in stock I am shopping for most of the time. The store is super clean and in a great area. I actually live closer to the Walgreens on Cactus, but they are just awful compared to the store on Blue Diamond. I just love the Walgreens on Blue Diamond, keep up the great work!!!
3	That need to fix their drive-thru box...stuff always falls out of it when it opens...
4	This is the closest store by my house, but I only really go here if I'm missing something that I need immediately (corkscrew, milk, paper towels, eggs, etc.). The staff at this location are very helpful and quick at checking people out. They also seem to have pretty good attitudes. Just the other day we got a free candy bar because they're suppose to ask you if you want to buy a candy bar before you checkout, or you get it free, but the cashier didn't ask us. Once the transaction was done my brother immediately yelled, "Woohoo, free candy bar!" and the cashier just kind of laughed and gave it to us. They also have a pretty nice clearance section, which has been pretty fully stocked with products lately, including hair dye, other hair products, supplements, school supplies, cosmetics, shampoo, and other random stuff marked 50% off and more. I haven't had a bad experience here yet, besides with the long lines at the Redbox outside, but that's a separate issue.
1	Came here the other night 15 minutes till close and the Walgreens employee was standing outside the store smoking a cigarette and not letting anyone in. when i showed her it was 15 minutes until close she said my iPhone was fast... interesting because 2 people came up after me and all our phones were the same time. Horrible representation of this popular store.
4	I frequent this one its close to my house I get my pictures,vitamins,milk etc...and outside when I need a movie there is a redbox kiosk
1	This is the worse Walgreens in town!  It is the only drug store that services the Mountains Edge area along with all the other homes in this area.  It is ALWAYS busy. And at the most there are only two cashiers manning the registers.  So a store that is supposed to be a convenience is actually tremendously inconvenient.  I always end up waiting in line for longer than it takes to find whatever I need.  Also this place is only opened til 10pm!  For a 24 hour town this seems a bit ridiculous.
2	Robby and Mehgan you rock !  If it wasn't for the absolute best service from Robby and Mehgan I wouldn't go back there again.The butch female with a guys hair cut and flesh tunnels in the photo department. You are a mean person.
4	My pills worked. They are cool in my book. One of the cleaner Walgreens but other than that exactly what you'd expect when you walk thru those sliding doors and the ac smacks you in the face. :)
3	Not my favorite store to shop. Pharmacy was open late and I had a sick daughter. They were out of the antibiotic and wouldn't be ready for 2 days. I explained that wouldn't work and young girl named Vanessa was not the most pleasant to deal with. Other staff was very helpful calling other stores to see who had it in stock.
5	If I ever need anything quick I drop by this walgreens. It's the closest thing to my place and it has all the necessities. The staff here is really nice. When I went in today there were two girls working in cosmetics and I couldn't decide which face wash to get so they gave me a couple recommendation and really helped me out. They also helped me pick out a moisturizer. I usually just come by for some quick stuff like toilet paper or a quick candy run. They also have good prices. One of the cashiers is an older lady that is always talkative and helpful. I've also have some pictures developed here and they are so quick. I took my passport pictures here and only waited like 5 mins to get them. The guy at the counter was super cool and took care of them for me.
2	Rudest pharmacy staff! I love this store, but I've tried and tried to give the pharmacy a chance, and they are so rude and dismissive. They also always try to switch out prescriptions for generics, even if the script had no AB equivalency. Walgreens  bonuses them on generics! At least be polite to your customers.
1	This is strictly a review on the pharmacy. .I gladly drive past this location to go to the Walgreens on Durango and Warm Springs.The pharmacy staff is ridiculously rude. I work in customer service so I understand everyone has their bad days. Im basing this on several visits.Its hilarious to me they're forced to pick up the phone saying"Thank you for calling Walgreens how may I help you be well today."The hilarious part is every time I call they sound like a mono tone zombie rolling their eyes as they could care less to "help you be well" after waiting 17 minutes for them to pick up it really wasn't what I wanted to hear.Needless to say nothing got resolved the lady refused to call another out of state walgreens to get my prescriptions transferred saying "she doesn't do that.." yeah ok.But the Walgreens down the street was well aware what to do, and had no problem calling the other Walgreens.  And his attitude was much more pleasant.
1	This Walgreens has some great employees. Janice, however,  is one of the most dismissive pharmacists I've ever met. I will be taking my business elsewhere.
1	This review is for the pharmacy and staff. Get ready to wait. And wait. And wait. Just to speak to somebody there it will take 15 minutes.  Cars are stacked up 5-8 deep on the drive through - to the point where you can't get through the parking lot. They are chronically understaffed at any hour of any day. Go to the Walgreens on Decatur. It's worth the drive even of its further away.
1	I wish I could give this Walgreens Pharmacy a negative star review. The customer service here is horrible. I was rushed and made to feel like a complete pain in the ass because they had to put my insurance card in. If you don't like you're job then leave, don't work in a customer service industry if you are awful at interacting with the public. Walgreens should reexamine who they have working in the pharmacy here. I haven't interacted with all employees but the Asian woman in the pharmacy is the worst. I won't be returning to this location for anything because of this.
1	This is for the pharmacy. They have by far the worst customer service. I hate coming to this location, there RUDE, and have no customer service skills. You don't want to be treated badly especially when your not feeling well.
3	No matter what time you're here for the pharmacy, it is ALWAYS busy and there is always a long wait. I'm starting to wonder if this is the case for all Walgreens pharmacies. The store itself is great though. It's always well-stocked and neat and orderly inside. They also have a ton of Filipino food items, which is strange, lol. I do find myself standing in this aisle for long periods of time perusing everything. Their little market section also has a great selection of stuff, which is convenient because the grocery store is about 10 minutes further so it's great when we just need an item like milk or butter, or WINE!
3	Busy for a boondocks location! And not easy access, partly the fault of the crossroads that is Blue Diamond Road!I was checking out the last of the holiday clearance and this store did a pretty good job of posting prices, which can be a problem with holiday clearance stuff.The store is clean and well stocked, and that's what I expect at a Walgreen's! Due to the nightmare of an intersection this store is at, I won't make a special trip often to this location.
