5	Caliber Collision is wonderful, having a hit and run is devasting and frustrating, the best thing to come out of this mess was being introduced to Rich Viano, he had a estimate for repairs immediatley,scheduling was done that day with a promise of my car beiing totally finished in 4 days, sure enough Rich made all this happen in the time frame he said....... when I went to pick my car up, it was BEAUTIFUL,the damage?  what damage,it was amazing, and the inside was vacumed and  looked brand new. Thank you Caliber Collision,and a HUGE thank you to Rich Viano!!!!
1	I was involved in a car accident on March 8th while out of state. The car made it back home to Vegas and my insurance company wasted no time picking the car up from my house and taking it for repair. My insurance company chose Caliber Collision for repair.After almost 2 weeks of Caliber Collision having my car I wondered what the heck was taking so long for them to finish. The car was dropped off to Caliber on March 11th. I was told that my car would be ready on March 21st. I called on the 21st just to confirm it would really be done since they had changed their story so many times before and I was assured that my car only needed to be buffed in one area and something else put back on so it would for sure be ready a couple hours from the time I called and that I could take my car rental back.After arriving at Caliber I was told my car was FAR from finished. I was furious since I had returned the rental and was promised that it was finished. My hubby snapped some pics of the car and it needed paint and several parts still replaced. I was told that they got behind and it would for sure be ready the following day on the 22nd.So, on March 22nd I show up at Caliber Collision ready to pick up my car and it still isn't done!!!!! An employee for Caliber who said he was in charge of overseeing the repair of our car just stood there next to our car with lie after lie after lie coming out of his mouth about this whole ordeal. He was the one who the day before said the car just needed some buffing and something put back on. I can't even list everything still wrong with the car or what Caliber scratched a broke while pretending to fix my car because yelp would give me a character limit for sure so I will cover just some of it.- Over spray of paint near tires.- When they replaced the passenger side door it was painted but not well. It has a primer look to it. Returning a car to someone that you didn't even finish painting is lazy.- Replaced the wrong hubcap even though the paperwork told them which one to replace. The employee told me he made the judgment call himself on which one to replace even though the paperwork said what one to change. - The passenger door that was replaced pushed up over the car. WTH do you think I, as well other people wont notice a car door that is higher then the rest of the car??!?!?!?! - There were gaps in several very obvious spots where the car just didn't line up.- Electric locks were broken- Side mirror broken- There was still BLOOD in the back seat of my car!!!! W-T-H!!!!!!!!!..... The car accident took place during a heavy snowstorm and 3 cars were involved. We (hubby & me) were the only people not seriously injured. Another car had a passenger that was very badly hurt and since we had the only running car with a heater, we were asked if she could sit in our car. We of course said yes because no human being with a heart would leave someone bleeding and with the injuries she had on the side of a cold snowy road that had no visible street lights. The injured girl had her boyfriend with her and he got into the car as well. They left blood every where. It didn't really bother me at first because it was an accident none of us could predict and people do bleed. What did bother me is that the insurance company was billed for the car being detailed and it was filthier inside then when it was originally dropped off to them. I have no idea how any person lives or treats their body but how I care for my own body and don't want to get sick or my dog who rides in the backseat and is bound to smell the blood and lick it to get sick. I do know after so many days and a certain temperature dried blood might not get you sick but would you really take the risk? I refuse to. This was disgusting and absolutely not acceptable. I could keep going on but think you get the drift. When the guy was showing us the car on the 22nd and actually said while looking right at the car, that it was ready I just couldn't believe it. After we pointed out all of the stuff he admitted that they didn't do a full check of the car (duh!) and were very busy trying to get other vehicles done. I told him that telling us it was done and lying over and over wasn't cutting it with me and that I wanted him to pay for another rental and to fix my car right. He had the nerve to let us leave in our broken ass car with dried blood all over the backseat and told us to come back when we weren't busy next week so they could look at it. SMH again, hubby decided the car needed to go to their Henderson location to see if they could get our car fixed like it was supposed to. I would never ever ever ever ever ever bring your vehicle to Caliber Collision!Hubby said it best when he said "it looks like an 8th grade mechanic shop that was blind put our car back together".
5	They were great!! Excellent customer service! I was NOT promised a time frame because that's unrealistic! There are times when a body shop, to no fault of their own due to parts not immediately availble.....etc....have a car in longer than average. I understand and I get it! Some people just have totally unrealistic expectations! If you go forward with an open mind and patience, most times everything will turn out fine!
5	I was rear-ended a couple weeks ago and I was dreading the stress of dealing with insurance companies to get my car repaired. However, I was so happy to report that Caliber made it a painless experience as possible. My insurance company recommended that I go to Caliber just to get a quote on the repair. They were able to fit me in quickly and they created a very detailed quote that was emailed to me and then sent instantly to my insurance company. I was so impressed with their service that I decided to let them go ahead and repair my car- I was rear ended to my bumper was toast and my trunk needed some work. It took them about 1.5 weeks to order all the parts they needed and then I dropped off my car. They estimated that it would take 9 days to finish the repair, however to my surprise they finished 5 days early!! During the repair process, they kept me informed with their progress through email which was really reassuring that they were keeping in touch. Picking up my car was a very painless process as well. My car was cleaned and the inside was vacuum. They're not a car wash business so I didn't expect the detailing to be perfect, but I was very please with how shiny and clean everything was. They matched the paint perfectly, so it looks like my car was never damaged. Overall- excellent customer service and they finished the job in a very timely manner and they communicated with me the entire time with email updates. I would recommend Caliber to anyone who was involved in an accident looking for flawless repairs. They also have an enterprise rental car representative on site to help you get a rental car- my insurance did not cover rental cars so I did not utilize them, but it's very convenient.
1	Horrible is all I can say about this place. They told me the car will be ready for 2 days but it was never ready then finally I got a call from them 30inutes before they closed and told me that they "accidentally" hit my door with another car so now it's gonna take another 5 days...which in their world it will probably be at least a week.
1	Since new management has taken over this place sucks. It is a giant rip off to top off the insult to injury. Will charge you for a bunch of work not related to the actual problem.
4	A little leary at the beginning due to being much cheaper than 2 other places, but was assured by a friend this was a good place. Dropped it off and said I needed it by a certain day and got it back a day earlier. A little confusion on when I was dropping it off, but not a big deal. My car just needed a little touch up from some scraps until I hit a pallet that was on the highway 2 weeks ago. Anyway, car looks great!!! Paint matches, little nicks gone from my hood and the front looks brand new!!MaryLou took care of me and made sure it got done before I needed it.Even came out lower than the estimate!!
3	I was in a car accident a few weeks ago, where I was t-boned on the front passenger side.  (Door and front fender) Overall the work was ok but there were minor things I wasn't thrilled about.  1) They didn't do an official check of my alignment. He stuck his fingers between the wheel an wheel base and said it looked normal, so no reason to check.  2)  found glass in my car where the window was smashed.  I was given the excuse of they guys who clean are "young" but they did apologized.  They offered to take it back and clean it but I was over it and ready to go.  3) the good had to be replaced and they blended the paint with the fenders but not the front bumper/grill area.  They said they don't do that plus it's what the insurance will or won't cover.  There is now a scratch on my grill that I know wasn't there before and I can't get it fixed unless I want to pay out of pocket.  I will be taking my car back because the seal on the door that was replaced sounds like it lets air in while I'm driving. I just have to wait until I have the time. I will say their customer service was decent. They called me every Tuesday and Thursday with updates which was nice.  Too bad they date they originally told me didn't happen.  I had to wait another 2 days.  They had my car for 22 days total.
2	I was hit by a drunk driver on the 95, the week of Christmas. My insurance company recommend Caliber Collision.. They called me 11 days after telling me they JUST got it off the tow truck because of how hard it was hit! Yes, the front wheel was off, suspension and axel were off. Needed a new fender.. Door.. And to be repainted. I was promised January 31st, until January 30th he called and told me it would be another date because minor parts weren't in... Than it was Feb 7th, until that week, that didn't happen. They used every excuse in their book!!!!! 2 months later, I finally have my car. The door panel is still broken, so I'm waiting on the call to go in and get that repaired! I did not, I repeat did not have a good experience at all! & would never recommend anyone..
5	While Diane was sitting inside our lawfully parked 2013 Chrysler 200 with the car's engine off, preparing a Valentine's Day card, our vehicle was struck in the rear by the back of a car whose driver was not very carefully pulling out of a nearby parking spot.  The impact was not severe but nevertheless caused some scratch damage and paint loss above and on the bumper itself.  Obviously the fault for this accident wholly rested with the other driver, whose liability was not contested.  Caliber Collision very professionally handled the necessary repairs, which amounted to about $625 in costs, and personally dealt with the other driver's insurance company, which ultimately paid Caliber Collision in full for all parts and labor performed.  Our car was only kept in the shop for 3 days, after which it was returned to us as good as new or better.  Daniel, our assigned company service representative, was very easy to work with, and patiently explained the extent of damage, and the repair and claim payment process to us.  Based on our recent experience, I highly recommend Caliber Collision to others for body work and other car repairs.  There is really nothing negative to report about our encounters with Caliber Collision and its friendly and caring staff.
