5	This is my new favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh!  It's located in Shadyside, on a side street, downstairs.  I was really surprised by how good the food was.  I love the ambiance too.  I definitely recommend getting a bunch of "tapas" rather than main entrees; they are far superior.  The Hummus and the Risotto are amazing; especially the hummus!
4	The small and quiet basement restaurant is not quite like the rest of the restaurant and bar scene on Walnut.  I've only been there for lunch but both times I was impressed with the food - the hummus is spectacular.Great food does satisfy only one part, the restaurant is really quiet but the service left something to be desired and turned lunch into a rather long affair.  Also it seemed a bit pricey, even for Shadyside.I am eager to check it out for dinner and trust I won't be disappointed.
5	I came here with my boyfriend for a birthday or anniversary dinner last year.  I was pretty pleased with my pick--the restaurant was beautiful, though a bit quiet.  Maybe it's because it's out of the way, or because there isn't enough clientele to support this kind of restaurant?  I felt like I was back in SF when I was in Pangea, which is definitely a good thing.We ordered the mini burgers and the crab cakes, which were absolutely delicious and presented very nicely.  They're deceptively filling too... I guess because it's all protein.The service wasn't very prompt, but it wasn't a real problem for us.
4	This tucked-away spot has had a tough time deciding what it wants to be when it grows up.  Under the previous owner, it had a schizophrenic history: at one time, a French-Indian fusion bistro; then, a night club. Happily, under the new management, it has settled on an urbane contemporary restaurant with live jazz performances.  Its menu is sophisticated, and the execution is precise. We started with some good appetizers; for the main course: the oso buco was respectable, but the duck was superb Good bar too (admittedly, I was there when a Grey Goose rep was visiting and he bought everyone one round of girly cocktails. That may have rosied my view somewhat).
5	Delicious food and great atmosphere.  It's a great restaurant for a special occasion, but not for your average dinner out
5	This place was fantastic! The menu was really interesting and the food was great. I took my parents there on a recent visit and they loved it as well. The waitstaff was super friendly and helpful. My dad is a vegetarian and they were willing to make some changes to a certain menu items to accommodate his needs. Also, I really thought the interior decor was sophisticated and well-done. At our table, we thought the shrimp risotto, burger tapas flight, and the scallop entree were all fantastic. Enjoy!
4	I brought my mom to Pangea for Mother's Day and the main goal was to satisfy her sometimes unexperienced palate. We waited a few minutes to be seated - there was no one at the hostess stand, nor was the restaurant too busy. I was concerned about my choice. The entry dining area was very, very dimly lit - but looked comfortable. The main dining area was 8 or so tables and several booths, with a sunken seating space around a fireplace. I was almost tempted to steal the silverware and napkin rings (they're very Restoration Hardware) ... until I realized not only am I a grown adult, but mom probably wouldn't think too highly of that. The menu is varied. We weren't thrilled about much on the appetizer list, so we went straight to entrees. They were featuring a brunch menu, although there were several items from the regular lunch menu as well. My mom opted for a Quiche with roasted red pepper sauce, I had a Provencal Omelette (kalamata, feta, red peppers, onion, rosemary creme sauce) and the boyfriend went with a Stuffed Filet Burger and pomme frites (did someone say trendy??). The quiche crust was light and fluffy, and in an interesting turn the red pepper sauce was chilled over the warm quiche. My omelette was a good portion, probably 4 eggs, with a tiny (garnish like) side of potato hash. The rosemary creme was slightly overpowering as a stand alone sauce, but a good balance on the egg. The burger looked good for a burger I guess ... not a patty, more of a burger mound, although he mentioned it was a little cheesy. Bill was about $40, no drinks. The tap list is decent - several craft/micro brews. They have an extensive martini list too, and I saw a couple Bloody Mary's making their way to a table that looked damn tasty as well. I'll go back with my eye on a few other menu items ... Ancho rubbed Turkey Burger, Cioppino, or the Halibut ... or hit up happy hour for $5 martinis and $5 tapas.
5	True blue five star material. This place is unassuming from the road, but the service and food are absolutely exceptional. Our waiter was not only cute but extremely helpful with the menu (a true fusion menu) and with suggestions for Shadyside entertainment. The food is really really really amazing. I loved the size of the portions, PLENTY of food, but no crappy filler ingredients. Try the Seafood cakes for SURE.
3	Meh. Food was good and inventive and expensive. Maybe I'm spoiled. I was hoping for great food and great service and left feeling more like average to above average. I'd give 3.5 stars if it was an option.
5	I've only been here once...it was right when the place opened.  A friend and I went to meet another old friend (who was with friends of her own) for drinks.  I don't remember much more than that...ha, ha...seriously.After being introduced to everyone, I ordered a beer (a very good one, that I had never heard of before) and began talking to the person beside me.  They had ordered one of the wine flights - 3 samples of the white or red wines for 8 bucks...here's the kicker - the girl behind the bar was either being generous or maybe she just hadn't been trained very well, but she was pouring FULL glasses of wine - not just samples.  I couldn't resist.  I got 2 wine flights, one of the white wines and one of the red wines (6 full glasses) plus I had a few more shots and beers...let's just say, I wasn't even close to being capable of driving once we left.Who knows if that bartender still works there or if they still pour their wine flights like that - but this place gets 5 stars for giving me that great memory (or lack thereof)!  Oh, and the other bartender gave us all free appetizers!  Great place...I wish I could go back again!
5	Loved it!  My friend and I had 4 cocktails between us, and they all had lots of alcohol but still tasted good!  We both also ordered dishes that had balsamic vinaigrette on them, and both were sticking our fingers in there to help scrape the last bits of balsamic vegetables onto our forks.  I ordered the mushroom and brie tart with strawberry compote, and was scraping the plate on that one too.  The only reason I WASN'T scraping my plate on the fish cake tapas flight was that I was too full by that stage of the meal.I also really dug the underground vibe.  For some reason if that exact same room were on the first floor of a building, I wouldn't like it as much as I did with it underground.
2	the stellar reviews really surprised me. My husband and I wandered in there for lunch and were really less than impressed with the meal. The service was outrageously bad. Like so bad I was really tempted to not tip at all... for the amount of time we waited for orders to be taken or drinks to be refilled you'd think they were weeded.... maybe 2 waiters for 4 small tables is weeded for them. I was hopeful that the food would make up for it but woefully fell short of anything other than maybe average.we live in the neighborhood and have completely crossed this place off our list.
5	Food was great.  Our waiter was fun.
2	I have to go with the review (Mireille M.) talking about the service.  Don't get me wrong, the food is EXCELLENT.  And if the chef was cooking at my house, I would give him/her 4 stars.  I also think the atmosphere is cozy and enjoyable.  But the path to being a great restaurant (and a great restauranteur) is hiring and training a smart and knowledgeable staff who can talk about the food without reading verbatim from their specials card AND know something (anything?) about the wine list.  They are the point of contact for the dining experience.  Our guy seemed nice but really couldn't answer any questions about the food, the wine, current events, basic math, anything.  Because of the price-point relative to the service, I have to say I've experienced MUCH better in Pittsburgh.
3	I came here for a birthday party with 10 other people on a Friday night . I was suprised to see the restaurant was not busy at all . We had cocktails and dinner . All was good . I felt the entree choices were too limited . I believe there were about 8 items to choose from . My biggest complaint was poor service . Our waiter was very nice and polite but he would dissapear for 15 minutes at a time . Also the tip was automatically added to the check. I totally disagree with this policy . If the service or food is poor you have no options . No wonder why our waiter acted like he didn't care . Very pricey .
4	Food was delicious (bolognese with homemade pasta and filet mignon meats... awesome menu item) and our waiter was entertaining. The cocktail list is fun and creative. There were definitely a lot of things on the menu I was torn between ordering, so it's very likely I'll be returning here for dinner again sometime in the near future.
3	First of all, this restaurant should not be considered "Asian Fusion" by Yelp.  There are Asianese menu items, but it's got more of a San Francisco, New California vibe than anything else.First, the good stuff: great service, excellent wine choices (half price tonight too), well paired wine flights, an inventive menu, great bread and awesome red pepper butter.  The food was well-prepared, and the menu is creative.  The negatives: this place was empty on a weekend evening, I was one of four or five occupied tables.  For Pittsburgh, this place is expensive.  Expect New York prices on entrees.  This alone detracts a great deal from the restaurant since you can have so many great meals in this town for less.  I can't complain about anything I got served.  My poached pear salad was high quality, my appetizer was delicious and my entree was huge, if not all that impressive.As far as the food goes, they're trying hard and coming up just a little shy.  My waiter was cool and I only ate or drank his recommendations (No mistakes).  The biggest problems with Pangea are it's prices, lack of atmosphere, absence of other customers and that it defies categorization.  That works in Cali, but in Pittsburgh (like many other East Coast cities), people ask  "what do you feel like eating tonight?" and the proper response is: "Italian", "Chinese" or "Cholestorol.". People do not say "Some great wines paired with ambiguous yet delicious fusion dishes.".If they did, there would be more people in this restaurant.
5	Pangea is an excellent restaurant with superb service. The ambience is nice and cozy. It's a little pricey but is excellent for special occasions. We tried the Wahoo fish and a pasta dish with sage cream sauce. Both entrees were exceptional. We also got salads which were delicately balanced without being doused in dressing.
3	I came here with my boyfriend and my parents for an early birthday dinner over Labor Day weekend.  I'm on a quest to discover delicious restaurants in Pittsburgh, especially some more upscale places.  Pangea was near my parents' B+B, and the menu looked promising, so we made a reservation for 8 pm on a Saturday.  When we arrived, the restaurant had surprisingly few patrons, but that didn't bother us.  We were seated immediately and greeted by our waiter soon after.My mom and I tried the seasonal martini, which I believe was described as a mango cosmopolitan.  They were served in really adorable glasses, and were tasty, sweet, and fruity.  We started with salads - as soon as I saw the Summer Salad, I knew I wanted it.  I remember a description of pickled beets and summer peaches being impossible to pass up.  I have to say though - it was pretty disappointing.  The pickled beets?  Well I tasted the "pickle" but not the "beet," it could have been pickled anything-else-in-the-world for all I could tell.  The dressing had a bottled flavor to it - thick and heavy - and the salad really lacked the freshness that I was just dying for.  In the hands of another restaurant, either with a different chef or with better ingredients, it could have been amazing.Moving on, our table shared the Limestone Lettuce Wraps, which were actually pretty nice.  The dish comes with three wraps, but our server added on another (for a charge, of course) so that each diner could have their own.  It was a good combination of beef, red onion, and crispy wonton.  Flavorfully and texturally, it worked for us.  Then we got our next app - Gnocchi of some sort (I forget the exact description but I know a few cheeses were involved).  Again like with the salad, something just wasn't what I expected.  First of all, the "gnocchi" wasn't gnocchi-esque.  When I hear gnocchi, I think of a potato dumpling.  It is a thing I could pick up between my fingers and it wouldn't fall apart.  These "gnocchi" were more like.....large balls of potato/cheese/dough that were very soft and would not hold up if you picked it up.  That was a bit odd.  The flavor was okay, a little heavy.  It just wasn't really the dish we expected it to be.At this point in the meal, I got another cocktail.  Normally I wouldn't, but the food took a very long time to come out, and I easily finished mine during the appetizer course - and I'm no boozehound.  We were all a little confused, saying things like "Shouldn't there be....food by now?"  It would have been nice if the server acknowledged it - not saying it was his fault, but he could at least have said sorry.  Fortunately we weren't starving with all the apps, and we had some very delicious bread, soft and warm, with a tasty roasted red pepper spread.  We survived the wait.  My second cocktail was good like the first - it was called the Pink Dragon - another great girly drink.So then we got our entrees.  I had the Cioppino, which I have to say was pretty tasty.  The shrimp was a little tough, but the rest of the seafood was well-cooked.  The broth was flavorful and a bit spicy.  A tiny bit more seafood would have been lovely - okay, a lot more seafood - I had lots of broth leftover even after sopping it up with bread!  I had to take it home - I don't think I was provided with a spoon so I couldn't even eat it like soup.  I know it'll be great with pasta in a few days.  Good flavor though!  My boyfriend loved his duck entree and said it was some of the best duck he'd ever had, and I think my parents got the halibut which they also enjoyed.  Finally, we got dessert - two creme brulees.  They were very tasty - served cold, which isn't my favorite (even though I think it's more authentic), but it was a well-made dessert.So, all-in-all, much of our food was pretty tasty - main courses especially, but a number of things fell short, and we were waiting a very long time for our food.  I found the food to be overpriced, even the things that were tasty.  I wouldn't mind stopping back for a fancy drink at the bar if I was in Shadyside again, but I think for my next special-event meal I'd rather try somewhere new!
4	When another Pittsburgh restaurateur recommends a restaurant, I would do well to listen. I arrived here on a Friday night without reservation at 6pm and the place was less than half full so seating was not an issue. To help pass the time, they have a happy hour that runs Tues-Fri from 5-7pm. They have 4 different martinis for $5 each and beers are $3. You can't even taste the alcohol in the Puerto Breeze so it's definitely the drink of choice for the ones who like lightly alcoholic drinks. There were some appetizers available at a discount but we didn't pay much attention to that since we were having dinner there soon.The fare is less asian fusion as described by this profile page but more of a coastal style since a majority of the entrees are seafood. Before our meal we were served bread with this delicious red pepper butter. We ordered a bottle of white wine for our table of 5 to accompany our meal (at less than $50 for a bottle, it was decently priced). because our table had the sea bass, ahi tuna, scallops and crab cakes. I've never gone wrong with sea bass before, with its naturally tender and delectable meat, but the sea bass I received this time was still tender, yet tougher than it usually is when I have it at other establishments. Another person in my party who ordered the sea bass agreed with me. The person at my table who ordered the ahi tuna found out that the dish she ordered was off the old menu. The difference? The side from the old menu was bok choy and sticky rice but the new menu had these couscous looking items that did not complement the tuna at all. Given this mishap, the waitress and the host immediately started to sort out all the old menus from the pile of menus so another patron wouldn't be faced with the same disappointment. Pangea couldn't provide us with the sticky rice because the chef didn't have any in the back so the next alternative for a restaurant of this caliber is to offer us free dessert, as Soba once did when they disappointed me. I thought this was an unspoken agreement but I guess I was wrong when the bill arrived. We rounded off our dinner with a bottle of prosecco and a plate of vanilla creme brulee for everyone. I figured with the bill we raked up, at least something would be done about the menu change mishap.Don't get me wrong now, the waitress was still very attentive to us, fun to speak with and apologetic. The dock of one star was for the mishap and the food not living up to my expectations from my the recommendation I received.
4	Why do you have to be so hard to find!?!?!?!?I came in with my little sister for lunch. We were the only ones there when we arrived but I had a great time nonetheless. Since I had to be at work soon I let the server know that we'd have everything come out as it was ready. We ordered the Poached Pear Salad, The Lemon & Basil White Bean Hummus, as well as the Crispy Pork Eggs! (I posted pictures)Delicious Delicious Delicious. I don't remember the servers name but he was fabulous and a great conversationalist at that too. Simple, chic, and good food.
