4	I have been coming to this Goodwill since I moved over here into my house back in 2010. This place get's me everytime! Especially on 50% off Saturdays. I have bought more purses, household items, books, picture frames, etc than I probably should have, but the prices just can't be beat. Heck I even got two stools for a total of $14. If you happen to be in the area check this place out. On 50% off Saturdays, it get's really crazy, but you get some great stuff for EXTRA cheap!
4	This Goodwill is pretty big!They have ton's a housewares here. In fact I found 2 amazing vintage pyrex pitchers here for a total of $5!  There's is plenty of stuff to paint in housewares too!They have lots and lots of furniture at mostly fair prices! One day I saw a beautiful wardrobe for $50 in EXCELLENT shape! I also saw a beat up dresser that needed lots of love for $40. So pricing seems to be a bit off!They have kids toys for good prices and usually in good shape!The clothes..... though I haven't done lots of looking at clothes here when I do browse I only see blah things I would never buy. I have not had a bad experience with any staff here but I have never had a great one either.  They work but aren't very talkative!That's why they lose a star the clothing and employees!
4	I love the Goodwill, and this store seems to be one of the better ones I've been to out here.  Place is clean, well stocked and really organized.  I seem to find a thing our two when I'm here, and today was no different. I got a pair of Chico's dress pants for $12.99, and usually find other random odds and ends when I'm in here as well.  They have the usual clothing selection, along with some furniture, kitchen items, household goods and a few other goodies as well.Overall, I like this location and it's on my list of places to check out.  Some of the other goodwills aren't as nice, but this one's worth a stop in. Staff is friendly and helpful and you can find just about anything here.  Go check it out!
4	Treasures all around! Found a great Mexican serving dishes here! It was only $3! Love finding little stuff like that for the house! Feels like I have a story to tell with everything I find! Great deals! This goodwill is organized and the staff are great with inventory info and new shipments and deals! So excited we stopped in here to check out the treasures! :-) will definitely come back here if we are in the area! Saturdays are super, with items 50% off! Yay! :-) have fun!!
