4	Authentic Filipino food and mouth-watering pastries and other baked goods.  Portions are fairly generous, price is on-par for Filipino fast food.So far, at this location, we have tried their Filipino Breakfast Dishes.  Tosilog - Sweet Marinated Pork, Garlic fried rice with EggsTapsilog - Savory marinated beef strips, Garlic fried rice / eggsPork Adobosilog - Pork Adobo ( Pork chunks stewed in a Vinegar/Soy sauce base With Rice / EggsWe also tried a few of their baked goods and they were all great and just what I remember from my childhood.This chain has been HUGE in the Philippines since I was a kid, for good reason.  Highly recommended if you want authentic Filipino food.But, if you can live without the great baked goods and just want a great Filipino meal for a better price, just travel a couple of blocks north to Maryland Parkway and Sahara and pay Pinoy/Pinay a visit.
4	This place is grubbin and the cakes look nice.  If you're in LV and want some good Fillipino food, check this place out.The owners are super cool.
5	There aren't any authentic Filipino restaurants out in Boston, but when my parents and I travel to Vegas we always stop by Goldilocks for lunch and again to pick up some pastries to take with us back home.  There are some dishes on the menu I wouldn't order just because my parents make it better at home, but their barbecue and halo-halo is excellent.
4	the girl at the counter was real sweet. i forgot her name. whatever. she was hella cool. we asked her for so many different things today. i took my mom-in-law and bro-in-law and my hubby, walter here today. we picked up some snacks and things for my inlaws for their trip home, back to SEA. the bakery items were fresh and well prepared. the mamon special was soooo good. walter and i shared some on the way home to LA from LV. the owners were cool, but distracted by a huge party that walked through the door. mid sentence, they were off takin' care of new guests, MONEY paying guests. i can understand. i was just sad that we hadn't really finished talking. i wasn't the one talking but i still felt that way. whatever. their restaurant is well lit and very spacious. the booths are extremely clean and that hostess is very friendly. all of the wait staff speak english very well. the food is good, although it does not seem as "authentic" to me. whatever. what would i know about authentic?? haha!! regardless, a nice lunch and great bakery items. fun times
3	not really into dining here, but what keeps me coming is their melon boba drink and ube for my kids, not to forget the best biscotti ever...
3	In the beginning of time in Vegas, this was a good spot to eat at. There were not many Filipino restaurants around the area, and who could beat a famous brand name like Goldilocks? Now, with all of the choices in the area, Goldilocks is not keeping my stomach's interest anymore. The flavors of their food are geared towards a more "American" taste rather than the flavors that I know. The prices are higher than the other choices down the street. If it was mind-blowing delicious, I would definitely pay for those prices. Maybe it was because it was during the Thanksgiving weekend, but my stomach was not content at all. Be careful during the holiday lunch crowds, there are some nasty filipino moms who will elbow their way through the line!
2	i'm not an expert on filipino food, but out of the 3 filipino restaurants i've tried (others nanay gloria, pinay pinoy)...goldilocks has to be the worst...i came here for lunch and my friend and i tried about  8 dishes (taro leaves in coconut milk, fried rice with shrimp paste, some type of noodle soup, pancit...and a few others i can't remember)...they all lacked the homemade touch of nanay gloria...the only dish i liked was the lechon which came with a sweet, slightly tart dipping sauce.  i also ordered the calamansi drink...it was overly sweet and artificial tasting...there is a large selection of baked goods...but nothing that looked very unique or tasty...i guess it's back to nanay...
3	I grew up in Las Vegas and back in the day you need to take a trip to LA or SF just to get Goldilocks and every time you did it was always a special treat. Now that it is in town I do not always get that feeling when I have their goods. The demand is high for their stuff and that is why they can gouge us with the prices. Do not get me wrong, I think their food and baked goods are awesome but it can get expensive. Almost $2 for piece of sweet bread with sugar and cheese on top, c'mon! It is our fault for patronizing these places by paying the ridiculous prices. I would give it a higher rating if the prices were not as high.
3	I wasn't that impressed, but we enjoyed the halo-halo and the bakery had some good treats.
2	Their baked goods are good. Especially the Ensaymada but as for the Food its so so, Nanay Gloria seems to be a better choice with  regards to home cooked Filipino Food.
3	I go to Goldilocks for their baked goods.  They are a little pricey but solid.As for the food.  It's kinda hit or miss.  I have had some good meals there, the lechon kiwali is good when it's straight out the oven.  Adobo is so-so.  I like the fresh lumpia.  However, one thing to keep in mind is that it is probably the cleanest of the filipino restaurants in Vegas.  It's clean like how McDonald's is clean (which some may not consider to be that clean!!).  A lot of the other Filipino restaurants in town are housed in older buildings with not as much work done on the interior.  And have the typical glass case window where you point at what you want and they ladle it out for you.I'd eat here in a pinch, but if I had a choice would go elsewhere.
2	I've been to the California Goldilock(s) and all of them were pretty good, but this one was just BAD.My boyfriend is white so this was his first experience with a Filipino restaurant, and you know how first his impressions count, right? Oh God, I pity him now. He ordered the bbq chicken, and although it came out nicely browned and glazed on the outside, the inside was COLD and BLOOD RED. The kitchen couldn't even spare a second to check if it was done? Hello, salmonella? It wasn't even all that busy! My mom ordered the chicken adobo rice, which was actually very tasy - except it was served lukewarm. I ordered the palabok which, to my taste, was way too watery! I could've eaten that thing with a spoon!I would've given them 1 star, but their bakery redeemed themselves. We bought a dozen cheese rolls and they were surprisingly delicious! Nothing wrong with them at all! I would say that they are in close competition with the cheese rolls from Portos in LA.. and that's saying a lot!
3	I first went to Goldilocks to look for a place that serves longsilogs. I come the restaurant & see that they only serve silogs till 11am. wtf it's hard to find a place in vegas that serves silogs all day. Anyway I found that this Goldilocks is pretty delicious. Bagoong fried rice & pork sinigang is on hit, especially when eaten together. Put the sinigang on top of the fried rice with a little bit of the sabao. Trust, i put all my friends on & they love it too. The halo halo is good too, but i wish i had the option of mango or ube ice cream. Too bad they only serve it with ube. It is more expensive than the other filipino restaurants in that area, but at least it's clean. If you decide to eat in the restaurant be aware that service might take a while because there's usually only 2 people waiting tables. I'm originally from daly city & this Goldilocks is waaay better than the one on gellert.
3	i couldn't believe my eyes when i saw that in order to eat here, you had to be seated. which means being waited on, ordering from menu, and tipping afterwards! not that big of a deal but the concept of this previous turo-turo (point point) joint no longer a factor, a big turn off. plus food prices too high, and unfortunately, not enough variety at the same time for Filipino food as i can head over to Nanay Gloria's instead.  Even the price of their halo halo was too much.  The one item I do enjoy going there for is their wonderful karioka: a sweet glutinous rice (mochiko) in a shape of a ball that's been fried, then dipped in a hot, sugary honey mixture then placed on a skewer.  One skewer holds 4 pieces at $1.99.  i also pick up every now and then the mamon and ensaymada to give as gifts to friends.  it seems like the prices keep going up and up though.
2	This isn't going to be a positive post. Partying in Vegas makes me hungry, so one morning I decided I wanted to eat pancit palabok to settle this stomach. That day it wasn't so bad. I ate it and left.After telling my parents I ate at Goldilocks in Vegas, they push on eating there all the time. The service is horrible, and my chicken arroscaldo had bits and pieces of of bone in it, not cool. My siapo was 3.49, overpriced. Nothing here is positive that is worth mentioning about. It's even hard to find.
1	HORRIBLE service.  The place wasn't even that crowded and we were seated 10 minutes before they asked what we wanted.  It then took another 7 or 8 minutes before we got our drinks.  The food took a long time and after the food came, it was another 15 before they told me to order something else because the dish I ordered didn't look good.  That was puzzling.  I eventually canceled my order because everybody was almost done with their food already. A friend of mine didn't even get her soup and salad that was supposed to come with her order.Bakery prices were pretty high but it's Vegas so it didn't surprise me.
2	What I remember Goldilocks to be was a turo-turo place in El Cerrito, CA at the Pacific East Mall. (That location is closed now :( Oh, how I miss thee)I used to love going to that one with my mom as a child.This one was, I guess, a step up, but nothing like I remembered a Goldilocks to be.An actual sit-down restaurant with "cooked-to-order" meals.I would go here every now and then while attending classes at UNLV, and although I like some of the food here, it's just okay. What really put me off about this place is the service. Sure, they may come around for the initial greeting and order taking, but after that, it may be hard to find them... EVEN if you are one of the only people in there!I've had a lot of the breakfast "silogs" there. I love them, but once, the waiter suggested we both get garlic fried rice with our breakfast plates and did not even warn us about the extra charge it would cost us! He acted as if it was a free upgrade. C'mon. You just cut some garlic up, throw it in some oil on a pan and swirl around the rice? That cost $1.50 extra, EACH plate. WTF? Oh well.I've also had the crispy pata, and the pancit palabok. Not worth discussing. Decent at it's best.Pricing wise, it's a little more than Filipino food actually costs, but it's a restaurant, so I'll excuse them. Still, they cost less than Salo Salo Grill.I still love the baked goods, though. Pianomo rolls always are good and Buko Pandan is one of my favorite desserts hands down!I'd suggest going somewhere else, though.
2	I like to experience my dining in nice and most importantly "CLEAN" atmospheres...If the following restaurant has...1) food particles on the floor that has not been cleaned up 2) A mop that was neglected to be put away and is just randomly  standing up right against a wall divider where it is close enough to where you can smell the fumes of some pine-sol type of scent so you can just lose your appetite and barf on your plateIt means .. I dont want to f*cking eat there!..and I said f*cking! I've had waay better experiences at other goldilocks locations. Like the one in daly city, Ca and the one in cerritos, ca. because it is CLEAN and the food is frickin' GOOD!!! All I can say is if someone I know makes me eat at a restaurant with a dirty floor and the place is deodorized by a moldy dirty pine sol smelling mop, i'd rather go to a drive through and eat in the car.
3	All the times I've ate here, the restaurant always had a funky smell to it. It's like a dirty dish rag that was used to clean tables and dried up but the smell is still there.   On to the food, the Lechon Kawali is a hit and miss. Sometimes there just too much fat on it. It tastes really good with vinegar though. I give it a 3.5 star. The I love the mixed glass noodles, very flavorful. I give that a 4.5 star.  I do like the bakery. They have good puto (my husband says, "hey, watch your mouth" LOL), Madeline's are good but consume them with a couple of day otherwise they'll get moldy. Sometimes they have this cheese filled danish, it melts in your mouth- very tasty. Prices are reasonable and service is okay.  I'll be back.
2	Dear Goldilocks,I waited to get a yummy drink JUST because I knew we were headed here after our breakfast at the Chowking down the street. Apparently you folks are not so consistent from location to location. Being from Cali and privileged to have tried your Avocado shake... I was super eager to have one in Vegas. Of course the people @ the counter thought I was crazy. Whatever! I guess the only thing going for this location is the all you can eat breakfast for about 5bux that was posted on the door. Please make the appropriate changes with what you read from me & other Yelpers!Respectfully, Kriss P.
4	I might be a little bias since I am deprived of Filipino food here in Atlanta, but I think Goldilocks is good. I love the Ube/Mocha Pianono and for not even 3 bucks a piece, thats not a bad deal at all. The bakery is awesome and the restaurant is ok. Its not the best place, but what do u really expect for 7-10 bucks? I would say, do not try the dinuguan in this place... that kind of dish should never be served in a fastfood restaurant. This place is a good place to stop if ur deprived like I am. Otherwise, if you live around this area, the quality and the restaurant is OK.
4	Goldilocks doesn't serve amazing food. Goldilocks doesn't serve crappy food. It's just right.OK that was a labored analogy to the fairy tale. I've been to this restaurant twice and I've enjoyed it both times. The first time a few years ago, I had the classic Filo "ToSiLog" breakfast - tocino, sinangag (garlic fried rice) and itlog (egg). It's pretty hard to mess that up, so I remember it being pretty good.Flash forward to yesterday, I went with a meetup group for their weekend breakfast buffet. It costs $7.99 for AYCE and soda/coffee/tea. That's a pretty good deal considering their breakfast items are actually good. I recently did Nanay Gloria's buffet during breakfast and I'd have to say Goldilocks is a notch better. For one thing, the eggs at Goldilocks are not cooked over hard and are still runny! For me, that's kind of a prerequisite for a ___SiLog type of breakfast. They have all the favorites too - daing, tocino, longanisa, corned beef hash, salted egg, chicken adobo, and of course over easy itlog and sinangag. I didn't try their champorado though.One thing about their breakfast buffet. I guess they are normally a "turo turo" place i.e. you point at what you want and they add it to your plate. It's the same way for the breakfast buffet. It's just that you can get as much as you want and keep returning.And return I will. It's quite a drive for me to just get breakfast, and I don't usually eat breakfast as it is, but so far it's the best Filo breakfast option I know about.
3	We had a high school "mini reunion" recently here in Vegas and saw friends that I have not seen since high school.  We had fun and we had planned to meet for lunch here at Goldilocks....Since we do not have any Goldilocks here in New York, I was looking forward  to have  some of their delicacies...that I haven't had for years..Everybody ordered different things so we had the chance to taste most of the stuff that was ordered...Well, the food was okay but not really oustanding!!!  Their sotanghon is very salty...their dinuguan has more"gravy" than meat..the sinigang was hard as my head..although the Fresh lumpia was good and the Hinubarang talong was also good...I enjoyed the Kusina ni Lorraine buffet... far better than here..The Goldilocks I know is far better than this one... .Before leaving we bought some pastries & tamales...Now that was good!!! will I comeback?  Maybe...probably for their breakfast!!!l...
1	I definitely won't be going to this place again.First off, who puts PINK ROSES on a Ninja Turtle cake? That's just bad planning right there.Secondly, the cake was terribly bland.Thirdly, after many attempts via e-mail (since I live in California) to get them to use the right image to put on the cake, their inability to respond to let me know what images would work and what wouldn't led us to a horribly pixelated cake, even though I had sent them a better, higher-resolution image.When I picked up the cake, I laughed in astonishment at the hideous pink roses they had used to border the cake, and they listlessly scraped them off and bordered it with pale green squiggles, still not really fitting if you ask me, especially with the pink frosting remnants that remained.If a deposit hadn't already been put on the cake, I wouldn't have bothered taking it, but this was a travesty.
3	My recommendation: Ube CakeI absolutely LOVE their Ube cake....when they have it in stock. The past two times I've paid them a visit, they didn't have a single Ube cake there. The cashier then proceeded to try and hustle me into buying a cake I had no interest in so he finally got the picture and called the other stores in town to see if anybody had them available. Nobody had any cakes in stock. I find that extremely hard to believe. That just resulted in them losing a sale. I know now to either call ahead to see if they have my cake in stock, or pre order one.
1	I would have given this place a "Zero" on the ratings but one is the minimum.There were cockroaches all over the place and the customer service was EPIC FAIL!?  Them people that works there don't know how to greet customers properly.  The lady at the buffet counter asked me "Rice?" in a rude tone, and she didn't even greet me then after like 2 seconds she went ahead and put 2 cups of rice on my plate without me saying anything to her.  Wtf was that all about?  This place seriously s*cks a**! I can't imagine how their kitchen would look like..  How the f do they pass their inspection every six months?!I don't recommend going to this place at all.  God knows what they did with those food they serve there (and cockroaches crawling everywhere...) Worst goldilocks ever.  I will pray for their souls..
4	Delicious macaroons!!
5	I was in heaven when I first stepped into this restaurant/bakery!  They had all the famous filipino foods I ate when I was little.  My absolute favorite is the Palabok and Ensaymada  My husband loves the chicken Adobo.I also like to stock up and buy the Pan de Sal to take home.
4	Ordered a cake here for my BF's birthday as he requested one from here. I went in by myself so as to surprise him with whatever flavor. The place was huge! I was expecting a small Red Ribbon Bake Shop or something, but it was divided into actual hot, traditional Filipino food dishes, and the other side is the bakery side. They have a variety of cakes, and thankfully they had a cake in the display case that was ready to take home and they were able to write on it as well right then and there.  The cake was Chocolate Chiffon and it was soooooo delicious! It was a double layered chocolate cake split with a chocolate chiffon/mousse filling, and then a silky chocolate frosting with white frosting accents. I also took home two pastry cheese rolls, and my gosh I wanted so many other things, but I would have burst with sugar! I am definitely coming back!
4	Nice variety of baked goods.
3	The food was not bad. It's good for those times when you miss Filipino food. The crispy pata was pretty good and my wife loved the Laing, Okoy and fresh lumpia. Service left a lot to be desired though. Don't expect the waitresses to be attentive as they seem to go out of their way to avoid looking in your direction. The saving grace was the male server who stepped up to the plate probably after noticing how bad the waitresses were.
3	I love the pastries from here, the pastries alone would get 5 stars but since staff is included in the reviews this particular location gets a 3. I felt as if I didn't get the great customer service that the previous customer in front of me got. The lady in front of me was another Filipina lady but she spoke Tagalog so the clerk was chatting it up with her and having a good ol time. Than I come up and I felt like I was talking to a Filipino Ben Stein. What the heck man? So I don't speak Tagalog and I don't get great customer service. Come on people treat everyone the same!
1	Yuck, after my first experience here I will never come back. I love their baked goods, however their dine-in food is a whole different story. It's overpriced & not really authentic to begin with. If you want good authentic filipino food I would suggest Nanay Gloria's or Cucina Ni Lorraine & it's cheap too.When me and my family ate here we ordered a big bowl of Sinigang to share. As I was eating I noticed a small fly (& not those tiny suicide ones, it was a bit bigger) & so you could only imagine I lost my appetite and pretty much my whole family did too. & it didn't stop there, I found about 8 more flies in their Sinigang (not even exagerrating). The waiter asked if we wanted another Sinigang, & my mom looked at her like she was crazy like "Do you think we want another bowl of your fly-filled soup?" How hard is it to wash your vegetables!?
4	Although I have never been here before, I must say I have been missing out. Came here on a Friday night thinking I was only going to eat Fresh Lumpia but instead ate a feast.Ordered the garlic rice, eggplant salad, bangus (fish), and ukoy (fried mixed vegetables with shrimp). The ukoy was delicious- who would've thought vegetables fritters would taste so good and sweet. The bangus was crispy and moist. The eggplant salad had a bland taste to it but overall great with the sauce and the diced mangos. The service was fast and friendly as well. If you're around the area stop by and have something different :)
2	If you have about 2-3 hours  to spare, then yes try Goldilocks. Otherwise, skip this restaurant and try something else. The service is s-l-o-w and food is overpriced. I think-
3	2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE - Contender #10Our Halo-Halo Challenge stops at 10 locations, with Goldilocks as our last contender.  We decided early that Goldilocks would be last because they have been around for quite some time with 21 locations in the US, it was recommended by others, and we remember that their Halo-Halo was pretty good.  In other words, we wanted to save the best for last.  What we found was some inconsistencies to how I remember Goldilocks' Halo-Halo to be.  Cost for their Halo-Halo is $4.99. Ingredients included kaong, pinipig, nata de coco, macapuno, red beans, ube ice cream, lanka, condensed milk, and shave ice all mixed together.  Missing was real ube and flan.  Halo-Halo means "Mix-Mix" and that's what you do to eat this treat.  You start with this pretty dessert and you mix it.  But what I found at Goldilocks is that they tend to mix mix what they put in their Halo-Halo.  I've had Halo-Halo from Goldilocks from locations ranging from their Philippines, NorCal, SoCal, and now Vegas.  I swear flan and even legit ube was in their "Mix-Mix". I guess all locations are different, which left me disappointed when I didn't get what I wanted in their Halo-Halo. Overall, I still finished my Halo-Halo but would not consider theirs as my favorite.  Sorry Goldilocks, but you need flan and ube in your Halo-Halo to make me happy. Like some of the other Halo-Halo contenders, food was also taste tested.  I wanted their chicken BBQ on a stick because the pictures on the menu looked so delicious. But they were out and this wasn't the first time this happened to me.  I ended up with their half chicken BBQ with garlic fried rice.  Just a note, folks...rice is not included with their meals.  You have to order rice separate. So, don't assume you're getting it and they don't ask you either. My meal still hit the spot. My Halo-Halo was just okay, but at last their chicken BBQ was good.  PS:  We committed to ending this challenge at 10 locations. We know there's more out there (ie, Nanay Gloria's, Red Ribbon, DT's, etc).  Maybe part 2 of this challenge is in the future, maybe not.  One things for sure, we're both ready to get back to eating clean and training mean.  This Halo-Halo Challenge was a great way for me to decompress from all that damn grilled chicken breast.  2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE:Contender #1 (Elena's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/elenas-restaurant-las-vegas-2#hrid:66pT_yQvZudRThxlGl74QwContender #2 (Jollibee):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/jollibee-las-vegas-2#hrid:ZSJzziWEVLyOF3DHfn1MaA/src:selfContender #3 (Cafe Cebu):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/caf%C3%A9-de-cebu-las-vegas#hrid:5iu3U4zoZWQISOSO7BMsGQContender #4 (Salo-Salo):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/salo-salo-grill-las-vegas#hrid:Wgtkj97v8-l9MnNuyj-QxQ/src:selfContender #5 (Thelma's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/thelmas-filipino-restaurant-henderson#hrid:wzGAlZyBNi1UtDRM0t0oXwContender #6 (Andrea's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/andreas-las-vegas#hrid:idKe5bOeuIwnyzcamgeUDgContender #7 (Chow King):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/chow-king-las-vegas-2#hrid:3FzhPzAaF7_OE6i0Nau5WAContender #8 (Fiesta Filipina):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/fiesta-filipina-cuisine-henderson#hrid:VLvYgY6ROsMh9q70tmkoHwContender #9 (Ito'y Sariling Atin):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/itoy-sariling-atin-las-vegas#hrid:X3FQeLTQycMELQ66wgpvIQ
1	Food was alright, not the best. We ordered the lechon kawali, and I swear it's supposed to come with tomatoes, onions, etc... it was just lechon and came with shoyu/vinegar on the side. Waiter was rude- kinda forcing us to hurry up and get out of the restaurant. Won't be back.
3	Meh this place is just ok. I remember as a child my family would always go to Goldilocks in California and we loved it. Out here though I am not a fan and rarely ever go..for one their bakery is wayyyy to expensive and I'd rather steer a friend to Valerios or even international market for some goodies. As for their food we got the BBQ chicken, pork asado, and diniguan (sp?). They were all ok nothing to complain nor rave about. I also picked up a bag of tarts and they had NO flavor to it. What a waste of 13 bucks! Do I plan on going back? Nope, I'm good lol.
1	Waitresses are horrible! They don't smile and have attitudes! If I'm the owner I would fire them! This is the reason why Goldilocks  Henderson closed because of poor service and people like me stopped going. Goldilocks at Maryland Parkway is worse!Change your service or get the heck out of hospitality business! One star only just because the halo halo is very good.
1	After a long trip from Toronto to Vegas we've lost our excitement after finding that there staffs don't have customer service ethics, they seem to be avoiding customers, no smile, no eye contact, the waiter didn't even look at us when he handed out the bill, and the worst thing was....we found the dinuguan meat with lots of "balahibo" and the chicken Inasal was still raw, not a good food trip!!!
1	Man!!! The food was nasty... The bill was $50 and I felt like I got ripped off... I philosophy is that I don't mind paying 20-200$$$ for a nice meal, this is the first time I felt like I got ripped off at a restaurant because we hardly at any of the food... The stir fried vegetables taste like it was kinda overdue (sour)... And the grilled squid was kinda squishy... Service here sucks... We tried to order the halo halo right before they closed but I guess the waiter was lazy and said they ran out... Dude, the cups of halo halo is in the freezer see able to everybody... Come on...
1	MOST BULLSHIT BUSINESS EVER!!!! Bought 3 boxes of brownies as "pasalubong" (gift) for out of town on a Thursday night but our flight was cancelled so we went to return them on Saturday morning. We were told by the "so-called" manager that they have a 24-hr return policy and cannot accept them even though the boxed brownies we bought were UNOPENED and stored as directed and, to add, that their boxed brownies on their shelf HAVE THE SAME EXPIRATION AND SELL BY STICKERS as the brownies we were trying to return. When we asked to see their return policy, we were told by the SAME "so-called manager" that the store has NO PRINTED RETURN POLICY so they feel that they can do whatever they want and HAVE NO REGARD FOR CUSTOMER SERVICE AND SATISFACTION. We were then told by so-called manager that the product has a long shelf life and it will last a long time. Lady, u may be able to eat 3 boxes of brownies but I can't!!! POOR BUSINESS ETIQUETTE and that the fact we are Filipinos as well shows POOR KABABAYAN etiquette as well. Karma is a bitch and knowing that all the product in this store is NOT AS FRESH AS THEY MAKE IT LOOK!! Stay far away from this place!!!
1	I came here yesterday and was very disappointed with the service. I don't eat meat but it's usually not hard for me to order something without meat and still enjoy/fill me up especially at an Asian restaurant. I couldn't really find anything on the menu so I just ended up ordering "Goldilocks style spaghetti" not really expecting to it be any different. I asked for no meat in my sauce and the waiter told me it would be ok. I also asked about the boba and he didn't tell me the flavors, he said they have a purple and green kind. I understand this is an Asian restaurant and it's hard to communicate with costumers but I am familiar with Boba in the first place so he could just said the flavors instead of colors, I'm not stupid. After waiting around for 15 minutes for the boba it still didn't come out. So I asked another waitress (the waiter who helped me wasn't around) explaining the boba I got and was just wondering where it was. She replied with, "I don't know" I'm pretty sure that's not how you answer a customer. A few minutes later she brought it out. She didn't seem too happy either. I was pleasantly surprised with my "Green boba". Finally my meal came out. There was no sauce on the noodles? I was confused because the waiter said he could get me sauce without the meat and then told me he couldn't after he brought the meal out. If he would have just said that before I order I could have just left the restaurant without being upset. Being a Vegetarian I understand it's difficult to go out to restaurants. He then brought me a bowl of the sauce and said there is meat in and that I would have to scoop it out. It sort of bothered me but at this point I was just ready to leave. I still don't understand why they couldn't just prepare sauce without meat for me. The garlic bread tasted like toast and nothing like garlic bread. Again I wasn't expecting much considering I was ordering this from an Asian restaurant, but it seemed they put little effort into it. I give this place one star because I had horrible customer service and couldn't really enjoy my meal because of it. My Dad really enjoyed his meal (I think he got BBQ pork) but complained it made him feel sick later that night. I would like to go back to try to only to try the bakery part of the restaurant hopefully It will be a better experience for me.
1	As I'm eating I'm thinking of all the complaints I have to say about this place..ugh!! Never again! Customer service was terrible! On my way out the door there was another dis satisfied customer complaining to his wife about how he couldn't wait to write a review on yelp!!!
4	Palabok.... What we used to eat every time Grandma Mommy would pick me and my brother up after school while she goes around the market to do some grocery shopping. Now this is what we crave everyday!! This is what palabok is supposed to taste like. Well done, Goldilocks. I'll definitely be back for more.Nothing can beat Goldilocks's Pinipig Polvoron in my opinion. This store doesn't have mini pinipig polvoron which disappointed me. Tried the Butterscotch, not bad, I've tasted better though.
1	Baby cockroach floating my 3-year old's crystal clear to-go cup of water... Only noticed after we had paid the bill and on the way out to find this nasty insect swimming on the top.  Complained to our waiter who offered a pitiful "Oh sorry Sir/ma'am"... Hopefully Dirty Dining re-evaluates and makes them clean up their act.Part of letter to Channel 13 News:"After what seemed like an authentic filipino meal of adobo fried rice, lumpia shanghai and beef shumai soup, we boxed up leftovers and paid our bill filling full of reminiscent memories of "mom's home cooked meal", only to face a rude awakening as I picked up my 3 year old's to-go crystal clear cup of water to find a baby cockroach.  We told the waiter who could only offer apologies as we stormed off.  While $40 would have been well worth the fond memories the food had conjured, the baby cockroach in my own baby's water left this mother sick-to-my-stomach.  Reading goldilock's story from last year, where they cleaned up their 50 demerits after being shut down only leaves me hopeful that you can make them clean up their act; better than what a disgruntled voice on Facebook would serve.  Any improvement would help regain some dignity from the money spent and hopefully keep from any other unsuspecting diners from this deplorable discovery."Keep away until they clean up!!
1	Not a fan of this particular location. I guess it's hard to compare it to the Goldilocks in the Philippines when they give you top notch customer services. Not very friendly at all and the vibe in here feels like your not wanted. Being a Filipino/American I dislike when everyone talks Tagalog and I can't speak it but can understand it, be care what you say.
1	Horrible service! Hostess seemed careless and rude. Server did not attend us promptly.
1	The food is good but the service is awful... But then again I am not here for the service.... it's all about the food and no need to leave a tip for the waiter - saves me money
1	You walk in and although there are many employees, the customer service was terrible. Waited 5 min for water and asked for lemon.. Got it 5 min later from another waiter. Ordered pinapaitaan and it was inedible due to the salt. Sent it back and came back less salty. Assuming water was added because it was not that hot. No meat and disappointing. Only coming here for the bakery in the future. Much better filipino food elsewhere and not overpriced as this place.
2	We stopped over at Goldilock's for brunch on our way home from Vegas. We ordered the usual Pinoy breakfast meals - tapsilog, tocilog, arroz caldo. The food was average, nothing over the top.  It was however, very greasy.  You can see oil all over the plate.  The arroz caldo was not hot, it was just warm.  The meals also came with coffee or hot tea, which were also not hot.
