4	This place has great food and great prices.A nice change from the typical Scottsdale fair and not your typical "hole in the wall" restaurant. It is clean, the staff is friendly, always the same guys there.The menu is large, serving both traditional Mexican food as well as Burgers and fries and combinations of both.The portions are big and the prices are small.Everything tastes fresh and great.FYI- The place is packed at lunch time with high school kids. There is usually a place to sit, but for whatever reason (the food, perhaps?), it seems to be the new daytime hangout.
4	The food is fantastic for the budget Mexican category. This favorite (or favorito) is in my neighborhood and is a regular stop. I prefer not to eat there (unless you get turned on by fluorescent lights and beat up furnishings). No, I prefer to eat my Favoritos at home. I have heard that some folks take their meal next door to the Tally Ho (a dive bar) and enjoy their tacos with a cold Corona! Crazy!Nachos covered with cheese and Jalapeos for only $2! Tacos and tostadas of perfection. They also have a mini salsa bar with several dimensions of heat and flavor.
3	Decent enough El Cheapo Mex.. we grab dinner from time to time and its not great by any stretch of the imagination however in a pinch it'll do. The carne asada burrito is pretty good.. decent meat quality with good salty meaty flavor and plenty of pico de gallo.. good times! This has to be one of the lamest Yelps Ive written to date.. gawd, I'm so uninspired these days! I need some hot sauce splashed in my eye to make me hot and spicy again!
3	Good, cheap mexican food. I don't do the chicken because once, it didn't agree with me and that lasted for about a week. Their bean and cheese burritos are delicious. The tortillas are soft but sturdy enough to hold a fair amount of ingredients. If you're careful they don't explode beans and cheese from the last 1/3 of the burrito. I don't find the place that clean. While i'm waiting I notice dirty sprinkler heads, dirty soda fountain, dirty tables. Granted, I probably go during their busiest times but I've found myself wanting to ask for a clean rag to wipe all the tables. The paint job is horrendous but I won't hold that against them. ..and the tip jar? Seriously?Also- I've heard they will deliver to the TallyHo next door. I'd give them 1/2 a star just for that. 3.5
1	Damn you Los Favoritos! Ever since my Saturday bean burrito I haven't "been right".IIIf you know what I mean..annndI.think.that.you.do. Even if there was a negative star rating, I would still give them one star.For the weight loss.I should have learned my lesson with the chicken 3 years ago.
4	There must be new management because the place is MUCH cleaner then it's been in the past. I avoided it for those reasons for several months but have been back recently and was happy with the food. I agree with the reviewer who said he prefers to eat at home. I almost never eat there. Never occurred to me that I could bring it into Tally Ho!
4	Good Mexican food, great price.  I am a fan of the Carne Asada burrito and the Guac is pretty good.  Customer service isn't wonderful by any means, but the place is clean and the price is great on the pocket book.  My one burrito with rice and beans was enough for dinner and lunch the next day! Yummy.
3	Good tacos. I'm a picky Mexican food eater and I don't mind their food. Nothing GREAT but I wouldn't complain. The prices are pretty cheap considering the quality, freshness and authenticity of the foodI've heard many rumors that they always barely pass their health codes. Uh oh!
4	Yummy! Food is great, venue ... not so much. It definitely looks like a hole in the wall in the middle of a strip mall. Food is delicious and the place doesn't look super nice. But again, when you go to get food, you mostly only care about the food.I love love love their tortillas here. It's warm and doesn't taste like it's out of a plastic bag that you'd get from costco. The carne asada is also very good here, great quality. I ordered the Carne Asada California which is simply a carne asada burrito with fries in there. I also had some of my friend's carne asada fries. Both were really delicious, but I'm a fan of thicker fries when it comes to carne asada fries (in the burrito, I like it thinner). So really no complaints on the food. It's cheap. And if you are REALLY hungry, they have a Jumbo Burrito which is half carnitas and half carne asada for 8 dollars. Such a steal because it actually is.... really huge. Salsa was also very good, flavorful and had a nice kick to it. Staff is friendly, no complaints there. I wasn't a big fan of the venue at all. It's beat up, the dining room and furnishing are all really dull and the bathroom has graffiti all over the walls and is dimly lit. They have a couple of old video games and some old pool table there, too. Seriously needs a make over.So come here and take it to go. Eat it at home or somewhere else where you can actually enjoy the surroundings.
3	As a hungry paddler fresh off of a full day of racing and heading blindly into another, I was ready to eat just about anything as long as it was fast.The wait at another restaurant was excruciatingly unbearable so me and a few guys drove off to this restaurant one of us randomly looked up.The restaurant was deceptively large considering the additional dining room adjacent to the kitchen/cashier. Now,  we didn't know anything about portions but I figured I couldn't go wrong with a chicken burrito. There were actually quite a few options for chicken burritos with different fixings but the lady at the register was very helpful when I was making the big decision. I ordered a standard chicken burrito and wasn't disappointed with the portion at all. It wasn't excruciatingly large, but it was filling all the same. I got through 1/4 of the burrito and noticed that something was off. The burrito was really salty. It was something I could only attribute to the lack of fresh salsa, but I'm sure there's more to the mystery.The food was good, but the saltiness was just a little too overwhelming so I don't think I'll be calling this place one of my favorites.
5	I've been here a few times over the past few years and I am never disappointed. Usually I call ahead of time to place and order and just swing by and pick it up. They are not so accurate with estimated times your food is ready though. You can order one item or the whole menu and they always say it will be ready in 10 minutes. My favorites here are the chicken enchilladas and the quesadilla. I've never tried their burritios. The place is not too big and it can probably only seat about 12-16 people. So be  aware you may need to do carry out.
4	No-nonsense cheap Mexican (Tex-Mex) food.  It's a tiny neighborhood joint but the food is pretty reliable for what it is.  The tacos and burritos are better than the tortas, which are undistinguished.  Definitely the best $5 Mexican food in this part of town, which is probably why it's almost always busy.
4	Great food, clean a bit old but nice
4	Good service. The daughter works the front and she is nice and works hard to make sure the restaurant runs well and is clean. The food is really good for AZ/MEX. Cheap. Carne Asada burrito is very good. Also, the beans are authentic. One of the best breakfast burritos around. Now, some people knock the location and decor. Well, I don't eat either one so I'l leave that to other raters ( my friends say I can eat a lounge chair in less than a minute). Nice people and quick to get your order out. Recommended by this mexican food aficionado.
5	The Mexican food here reminds me of what I would find when I lived in San Diego. I love it! The carne asada burrito is delish. I've gone there a few times for a breakfast burrito and those don't disappoint either. The place is clean, service is good and, most importantly, the food is great.
3	Very similar to Filibertos in price and quality. Good with mass quantity. The place is small, and pretty simple.
2	The food was just okay, I have had much better from many taco joints.  I am rather bummed because this place is not far from where I live.  My sister and I ordered chicken, carnitas, and carne asada tacos to share.  The carne asada was the best of the 3, but nothing to write home to mom about.  The carnitas was overcooked and crispy/burnt/dry.  The chicken taco was pretty good, but again nothing exciting.  The sauces (green and red salsa) were not very spicy and rather blah.  I can say the service was very fast and the prices were cheap.  Most of the tables were not cleaned off in the restaurant.  Also, we ordered everything without guacamole and that seems to be their claim to fame, so maybe we are a bit biased and missing out on the key ingredient.  I will be back if I am in desperate need of a taco nearby, but I will hopefully find a better place before that desperate moment occurs.
3	I stopped in because I searched Yelp for "carne asada fries" and this was the closest place to my hotel.It's not much to look at from the outside.  And really, it's not much to look at on the inside.  But we're not shooting an HGTV episode here.  I'm here for the food.I ordered up an order of the carne asada fries along with a mexican coke.  I sat down in one of the booths to wait for my food.  The guy called out my order in short time and I went up to grab my food.Full Disclosure:  This is only my second time trying carne asada fries.  I first them in San Diego a few months ago and just loved them.  So now I'm on the lookout for them whenever I'm west of the Mississippi.I liked these fries.  The ingredients were a little cheaper than what I had out in SD, but it was still pretty dang tasty.  If you put french fries, guac, steak, and cheese on a plate, I'm a happy man.  The serving size was huge and I ended up taking some of it back to my hotel.If I'm back in town, I'll definitely try to make it back!
4	Nothing fancy but very good tacos.  I had 1 adovada, 1 carne asada, and 1 carnitas.  Meat was very moist and tasty and the tortillas hada nice fresh taste.  My son had a chicken taco and my wife had a chicken quesadilla.  My only complaint is that we were charged $1 for a tiny side of salsa.
4	Could I be more of a fat kid? I'm rating one of my favorite breakfast burrito places. I didn't even know "breakfast burrito" was a food group until the past year. Arizona, you are glorious.Boyfriend and I love to call in our orders and head out to pick up a HEFTY bag of tastiness. My staple is the potato, egg and cheese, add peppers and onion. They don't skimp on tiny ramekinitos of red and green sauce. These suckers are HUGE. Just call it a wash on yor diet and enjoy. The tortilla is light and flaky and just...dumb, OK?! Melty cheddar oozes throughout the ingredients without being gloppy. It's beyond.I love that we've NEVER had an order mix up, which is better than I can say for almost every other bfast burrito joint I've haunted. Los Favs, your name is so correct!
1	Stopped for lunch and the employe was telling my  wifehow he has worked for the company 7 years and still gets minimum wage or less. They have several locations I wonder  why as the families attitude sucksRude racist chollo owners. Food average to below average inconsistent
3	Pretty good, kinda like a taco truck restaurant without the great grub.  If I go back I'd get the tacos and leave it at that.
4	YUMMY!
4	High quality for short order mexican food, very clean. I wish their hot sauces had a little more flavor.
5	Um, yea.... Amazing food! I love this place and have been multiple times in the same week.
5	This is my second time to visit this restaurant! The food was a bomb! I tried the fish tacos first and it was amazing flavor! Second time I come to try the carnitas which is shredded roasted pork with flour tortilla aside. I am in love with the green sauce! This sauce is no spicy at all which is my favorite. I couldn't ask for more because the serving time for food was super fast. I don't have to wait for long time to get the food. I highly recommended everyone to come to this place! Enjoy it guys!
5	Other Taco Shops in AZ should come here and take notes. Lived in AZ my entire life and I can say without a doubt that Los Favs is the best Burrito/Taco shop in the state. Caifornia Burrito? Amazing.Starts with the Tortilla which is always warm and soft, then you get the arne and I am not sure is it is actual carne because it taste like Unicorn Meat. And like the artists they are Los Favs puts French Fries in the Cali Burro not just a slump of Mashed potatoes like some other places in town topped of with melted cheese and Pico to complete to masterpiece.Green Souce is awesome.
5	This is my Spot!Great hole in the wall style Mexican joint with great food!better then Filberto's by far!!
3	I love Los Favs. This one is just okay.
1	The breakfast burrito was not a good start to the day. If you order the bacon version be prepared for an avalanche of fatty bacon pieces with hardly any eggs or potatoes. It was a bad experience trying to salvage this item, but if I would have eaten it all with all that bacon, then a heart attack was not far behind. Would not recommend that item at all.
5	I've been lunching at this location for a little over a year since it is so close to my work and I cannot applaud this business enough.  The chicken tacos are amazing, the carne asada burrito is delicious and the quesadillas are amazing.  You cannot go wrong with anything on the menu.  Even the fish tacos and the ground beef tacos are amazing.  I cannot stop thinking about the chicken tacos and because of this I have them at least once a week.  I've even visited another Los Favs in Chandler and it couldn't hold a candle to this one.  Best Mexican food I've eaten in Arizona, period.
5	Our favorite place to grab a burrito to go. I have not ventured to deep into their  menu as I am hooked on there carna asada burrito. A great burrito with quality ingredients. I never find "bad" pieces if meat and I have eaten here at least twenty times over the years. They give you all the hot sauce you want and it is good. Overall great place to eat.
5	Hahaha!  So.  how can you have too much bacon. . . On a burrito titled 'bacon burrito'??  Just commenting on another review that inspired me to get what I got:-bean and cheese burrito-bean and cheese burrito with bacon-cheese quesadillaPerfect. And fried for free.  FREE. Fili's is $1.50.  Lol. Great food, perfect service, and bacon.
1	Their food is garbage. Last time I went I tried the cheese enchiladas. Corn tortilla filled with shredded jack cheese smothered with a bland sauce. It's run by Mexican's that can't cook Mexican food? I won't be back anytime soon.
1	Wow, really yelp reviwers? I did not like their food or service.
4	I've been coming to los favoritos for years! I can't get enough of their California burrito (I add beans). Their food is very consistent and very flavorful compared to other mexican taco shops. I will be coming back again.
4	Great fast clean taco shop!I have been coming here for years when I just want greasy carbs! They are always fast, to the the point and very delicious!Sometimes it does get crowded but the wait is never too long. Everyone in the neighborhood is a fan I swear! Much much better than any Filiberto's!! Or any bertos' !!
5	I love you and all the food you make. If you could hand craft my child I would let you. There is nothing else in the world that matters when you sink your teeth into a bacon burrito. If hitler was given a California burrito a lot of lives would have been saved.
2	:( A million sad faces for me.  My husband was out of town, so that was an opportunity for me to stop by on a whim.  I was convinced I would love it, and maybe  I would have had Los Favoritos had a working stove, or hell, even a microwave.  Everything was cold, except the beans oddly enough.  Maybe they had a little campfire going to keep those warm.The taco shell was saturated in enchilada sauce because they failed to employ the necessary lettuce barrier between the two.  And it was chewy, like it had been fried some time ago.  The taco meat was cold.  The cheese enchilada was cold.  It had the consistency of once having been melted, but since re-solidified.  And the rice, well, I don't even remember.I don't get it.  It was off hours, and there was only one other table in there.  The only thing I can think of was that the food had been made earlier and never served.  Maybe they were waiting for a take-out order to pass it off.  Only giving a second star because...I don't even know why.  I just don't want to relive the disappointment any longer.
5	Good service, good food!
5	Great for breakfast, lunch or dinner. Breakfast burritos are a top notch, as well as the carne asada fries (be prepared for beast mode if going solo). Not feeling a burrito? The delux hamburger is amazing! Los favs is the best! Way better than the near by filis b's.
2	They have all of the standard Mexican food options: tacos, burritos, enchiladas, tostadas, etc. But, for a counter service place, You can do better for yourself at several other places in town.
4	Where can I start. Breakfast burritos are some of the best in town. Green chile and red chile burritos. Great fast and friendly service. The Nachos are great especially the ones with the meat on top. I go here atleast 3-4 times a week.
5	I don't know if there is a better Taco / Burrito spot in Scottsdale.  This town is made up of 95% chain / franchised restaurants and the ones that are hole in the wall mom / pop shops are too.... well, Americanized.I can't speak for Authentic Mexican food because I haven't been to Mexico, closest I've been was in California and this restaurant has come close to the burritos I would get from there.Service is nice and friendly, food always comes out quick and well prepared.  I'm not expecting something that looks like Chipotle or Taco Bell, so I don't mind the mess inside of the burrito.  The taste is great, nothing fancy or similar to what is served around here.The surroundings of Los Favoritos is a clean and friendly lot.  They reside in a friendly neighborhood amongst other good businesses.  The experience is always a good one as I've been here four times already, all at different hours and they have always been consistent.
5	Visiting from Omaha, Nebraska and just had to find a good breakfast burrito before I left! I certainly was not disappointed!!! Picked up a chorizo breakfast burrito and WOW! Very delicious!! Fast and friendly service as well, thank you!!!
5	This is an amazing restaurant with amazing staff and even better food! I have yet to find another place that has such tender and moist meats and vast choices. If you're in the mood for delicious and tasty Mexican food, this is your place.
4	Good, quick food. Especially enjoy the breakfast burritos on a lazy weekend. Right down the street so its convenient and its been clean every time Ive visited. Will be back!
5	Hands down the best California carne asada you can buy! Even better enchilada style. Great carne asada fries. Great customer service and very friendly attitudes. One of my favorite Mexican food joints.
4	This is the low key taco spot! Based on prices, never had high expectations. It's not gourmet by any means. I don't even eat Mexican food. I have a sausage breakfast burrito every time I go, and I think it's pretty good. Decent, quick food for cheap! I go all the time for breakfast, and for under $5 it sure beats McDonalds!!
