5	This is a cool lil pub style bar inside the Orleans Casino. Started coming to the Orleans because of the VLV Rockabilly weekend and I stumbled upon this bar. They poor a good Blk&Tan, and have good selections of whiskey. Did have a pool table, and dart board. TV's a along the stage wall. Some video bar gaming machines but not all along the bar. Really like this place, live bands at times too. I always try to visit here when I'm in Vegas.
1	Weak Irish bar. Small selection (2 brands) of Irish whiskey. I sat down and waitress never came by. I had to chase down the bartender for a drink. Walk 100 yards across the street to mc mullens, a real bar.
2	SAINT PATRICKS DAY PEOPLE!?  so disappointed. I went there  ON  SAINT PATRICKS DAY!!! The holiest of all Irish holy days?!?!   At 5 p.m. there were about 10 people in the bar. What??? 10 PEOPLE?!?  (i even took photos because i could not believe it.) came back around 8 pm. maybe 25 people in the bar. Isn't this an Irish Bar??  it was SAINT PATRICKS DAY!?!?!  Most bars would have a line down the block by 8 pm.. we had a  room booked at the Orleans so after we ate i wandered back to Brendan's to hear the Irish band. (which did not seem all that Irish)  Now the bar had maybe 40 people tops. I was very confused? did they not promote it? Sorry, I hate to give negative reviews, but thats  what Yelp is for. reviews.  its my opinion and thats all.  The Guinness was cold and the staff was nice enough. but my complaint is my utter shock and the lack of people on a national Irish Holiday.
5	Its a small in the Irish bar in the Orleans Hotel . Its a great place to watch a game . they're tons of televisions all over the place .Its not big in size but they maximize the space . There is a small stage where locals have a open mic night on Thursday  night  with a live band. The band is good and the talent singing is pretty good as well.If you have ever any of my reviews I believe that the staff determines if im going to spend money in an establishment. Their staff is amazing . My waitress was very attentive. I never had to look for her and she was very funny . I wish I would of asked her name so I could give her a yelp shout out . If you make a bet with the sports book room, they will give you drink tickets . Everyone loves a free drink . Drinks are cheap, you might spend 5 dollars a drink . A bucket of Fat Tire or bud Black Crown beer is 12 dollars ( 5 beers to a bucket ) .TIf your staying at the Orleans this place is a must to watch a sporting event .Their staff is amazing
1	Service Sucks with rude and uncaring bartenders. No table service and the only intellegence they have is their beer on tap names, wow. Its a business operated poorly with no respect for customers. I wouldnt come back here even if Windy, jazz & soul singer, performs here again. Absurd, how do they stay in business?
3	On the first night of the Orleans staycation, I hung out in Brendan's Irish Pub for a couple hours. It was on a Thursday evening.   Brendan's Irish Pub in my eyes is a hybrid of an Irish pub and cocktail lounge. It is across a bank of slot machines from the buffet. The room is large with dim lighting and a casual atmosphere. To the left are TV's and a stage. In the center are round tables. And to the right is the L-shaped bar.  Because Brendan's is a pub, it is a to-go to place for a pint of beer in the Orleans. However,  I was on vacation and ordered two Blue Hawaiins. $7.75 was a fair price to pay for my favorite adult beverage. Disparate from some bars, the bartender knew how to make a Blue Hawaiin that is delicious.    Table service was nonexistent up to 9 pm when the band went on. Before 9 pm, I walked to the nearly empty bar for the Blue Hawaiin. After 9 pm, a server brought the drink to the table in the now happening room.  There was a drastic change in the environment of Brendan's Irish Pub before and after the band went on. Before the band went on we were one of the few patrons here. The noise level was low. When the band took the stage, the room was filling up. The noise level was above average.   Smokey Smitty led the band that took to the stage at 9 pm. The music started off as jazz then went toward Earth, Wind & Fire, and Gloria Gaynor style songs. Smokey encouraged audience participation. It is my understanding that this is also a karaoke bar. Anyways, we were getting bored, and I spent as much time looking up at the college basketball on the TVs as I did watching the band. We left around thirty minutes into the set.  Brendan's Irish Pub is okay. In my opinion it shines as a quiet place for an adult beverage when the stage is dark. In this entertainment palace that is called the Orlean's there are more entertaining bars to enjoy an adult beverage than Brendan's Irish Pub.
