5	I grew up in Henderson, and when I was a kid all that Henderson had was 2 casino's on Water Street.  Which is the main drag through downtown. One of which is the Eldorado, and it has this really cool orangish red neon sign that towers above it's entrance.It's currently owned by the Boyd group and it's certainly gone through it's changes, but, it's old school Henderson and worth a visit.What's it's charm and appeal?  Mostly it's older than dirt.  Oh and it's just a casino, no hotel is attached to it.  How odd these days.  But it's so full of local Henderson flavor you'll be glad you came to play some nickel slots.  So, my suggestion.  Leave Vegas for an evening...cruise Water street and rediscover main street in a town that time didn't forget but remembers it's background.
4	You can't be a Henderkid and say you've never been to the Eldorado for breakfast or to hit up Mariana's Mexican Cantina.  It's impossible.  The Eldorado is a small little casino only on historic Water Street in downtown Henderson.  It's old.  Old, old, old.  It's kind of dingy.  But, you know what, it's got a lot of charm.  There's a small town feel here in the way the patrons all know each other, the dealers, the servers, the cage crew.  They have dollar beer happy hour (4:00 - 7:00, 7 days a week) and some really REALLY cheap, decent eats.  Not a terrible place if you're stuck in downtown Henderson.
3	Eldorado Casino's a quaint little joint located in the old part of Henderson.  I was a bit apprehensive because of how small the place is, but there really isn't a need to be.  They have quarter craps and the dining isn't too bad.  Honestly, I wouldn't have tried the place if my friend didn't work there.  The food at the cafe's descent.  Nothing was really bad especially for the price.  I just think there's nothing here though to spark my interest in coming back.
3	"The CAFE" is located in Henderson in the Water Street District right next door to the Event Center $5.99 specials , and everthing on the menu under 15 bucks including crab legs prime rib ,and one pound Porterhouse. All come with All-You-Can-Eat Soup & Salad Bar. Lots of Neon and big comfy boothes. A counter as well. Service was very friendly and almost TOO efficient. Really can't blame them not much business. The salad bar was clean, loaded and fresh.The chicken noodle soup was savory & Fresh but a little small on the chicken. The salad was fresh & crisp with lots of toppings and dressings. The entrees were very large. The chicken fingers were crispy,juicy and spicy w/ a delicious honey mustard dip. The sweet potato was fluffy and hot and oh so yummy. The veggies were a little too cooked. Should have been steamed not boiled. The chopped sitloin was a little underdone and the gravy was kind of salty but the onions were grilled very nice & crispy. The potatoes were very creamy with a hint of garlic. The drinks were filled to the point where we were finally given 2 glasses. All in all for 2 people to have soup,salad bar and entree for under $22 with tip, it may be 18 miles to drive from Las Vegas but we will be making the trip again. We recommend you visit Henderson Water Street District. Friendly people, Cheap Prices and decent food.
4	We love the Water Street District in Henderson. Old School Nevada small casinos and Great Food with Great Service.We enjoyed a hearty meal with salad bar and drinks for under $40. There is no long wait to be seated like at some of the other establishments in the area.The porterhouse was cooked perfectly and was so tender. I love it when they charbroil my MEat!! I've paid $0-$50 for a steak and they were no more impressive.The salad bar is small with just a few items but its fresh and does the trick. If your looking to get out and enjoy a quiet meal TRY DOWNTOWN HENDERSON.
4	i like to play here now and then , i will have to try food and get back to properly review
2	Valentines 2/14/11This is the casino we stopped into right next to the rainbow casino in downtown Henderson. Again it is just a small smokey dive, a little bigger than the rainbow casino. The staff here was rude but the beer was only $1 so it evens out.Not much to see but might check out their mexican cantina at some point.
4	this is the place for breakfast.  sooo cheap and the food is yummy.  I'm not a fan of french toast but, this place has good stuff.  and their bacon is tasty too.  but, by far the biscuits and gravey are tasty too and for $1.29 they can't be beat.
2	You can get a breakfast comparable to Denny's or Ihop but the services is sllllloooooowwww. Over 30 min is too long of a wait for eggs, toast and hash browns although they did come out still hot
4	I bring you...ANOTHER DIVE! Don't get me wrong, I like a nice hoity-toity place every once in a while. But at my core, I'm just a dude who likes a deal. And deals can be found in Old Henderson ALL...NIGHT....LONG!On our most recent adventure we went to the El Dorado Casino on Water Street. We had a plan. Play bingo and drink. Then drink some more. Then maybe one more drink. Then still have money to hit up Mickey D's on the way home. Big giant check mark for all categories.Bingo, $7 per person. Beer purchase #1, $2.50 for a pitcher of Miller Light. I know, read it again. Two doll-hairs and fitty cent for a pitcher. So obviously there was a second, third, and maybe (don't really remember) fourth pitcher. Four-ish pitchers of beer for one Alex Hamilton bill, you know, 10 bucks. That's like hitting a jackpot without the involvement of a gambling device. So even though six of us managed to strike out at bingo, we hit the friggin homerun with cheap beer. And don't worry, if you're not "a pitcher kind of guy" they have $.50 drafts.Only downfall is the place has a stench of old cigarettes. Kind of old school Vegas, but you may need to burn your clothes when you get home.
4	The casino is old school,and so is thier restarunt,But if your looking to have breakfast you sure cant complain about the food ,or thier prices.
3	I'm a sports better and I don't like parking a mile away and then having to wait in long lines.  Here i just pop in and place my bet with the friendly staff and then I'm out the door quickly.  The bad side is that its an older casino so it is smokey.  The overall casino is in great shape and they have done recent renovations to the interior so don't let the outside facade deter you from venturing inside.  Hopefully one day I'll post a review about the restaurants inside so stay tuned.
2	Got asked for my ID while watching the Ravens @ Broncos game. The security guard was younger than me.
4	This place isn't so bad. It's old, but that's not always a bad thing. They seem to have kept the place up as well as they can and there is always lots to do. I favor the .10cent roulette every night except for weekends. Throw out $5 and it's a half an hour of good fun and a free drink ;D.
5	We came on a Friday morning and ordered 1. 2 eggs special: 1.892. Four deuces: 2.89for $7 - We literally only had time to eat there for 40 minutes max. We came at 940 and left at 1020. Perfect! Probably a 5min wait time to be seated, then less than 15min to get our food. Once you get the check, you pay up front. - 2 Eggs: with 2 bacon or sausage. - Four deuces: Pancakes or French toast w/ 2 eggs, 2 sausage and 2 bacon- Each special comes with hash brown, toast or biscuit and gravy. - Service was standard. Nothing too special. We seemed like outliers being that everyone there was probably Medicare age. - Hard to mess up a breakfast like this. - Can't make an over-medium egg. - Hash browns not as crispy as Image at Rainbow Casino. - Sourdough bread was very buttery! yum!- Tasty French toast! love it! - Cheapest breakfast meal I've ever eaten! Best deal ever. Regular for sure. Tables open at 4:15pm daily. - $1 outside roulette, 10cent inside- $3 DD blackjack
5	We always have a blast here! Playing live Keno with the 4 spot, sports playbook, bingo and they have 10 cent roulette and $3 blackjack! Friendly service all around - way cool place to chill at for a couple hours!
