3	Cici' pizza is what it is; its, a family pizza buffet. The food is ok but you'll have to put up with lots of noise, while your eating.The manager tries to keep things in order but it is a losing battle.Have something to eat, but make sure you dishes and utensils are clean.They have improved their cleanliness since my last review.
2	It a $5 pizza buffet! Of course it's crap but you go into the place knowing that. They typically have about 5 or 6 different types of pizzas sitting on the counter at any time but they're pretty much just different combinations of the same ingredients. The only good pizza they have is the pepperoni deep dish pizza but usually, as soon as they put that out, it's gone. When a pizza is out and you want it, you can request a few slices from the next one that comes out, and they'll give you a big ass orange safety cone type of thing to put on your table. I don't know why but I don't like that. It essentially goes from a buffet to a regular order when you do that and you're typically waiting for like 5-8 minutes for the next pizza to come out because they probably don't throw one in the oven until the current one is at least half done. They also have some brownies, some cinnamon roll pizza thing, some pasta and I think a soup and they're all crappy. Everything taste like it's some generic brand stuff from Costco's frozen food section. It's really not very good but for around $7 you can get unlimited pizza and a drink and sometimes that all you need.
5	Best pizza ever, and the customer service is the best. I have been there before but this time it was better, as soon as i walked in, they all cheered and said "hello welcome to cicis" the cashier which i think was the manager introduced himself his name is Scott (hes the best) he joked with my girls making them laugh. As we were eating I see him walking around the restaurant greeting people, I mean who does that now.....Scott is the man and i am giving him 2 thumbs up. Great job Scott I'll be back!!!!!!
1	Ever had one of those moments where you want to forget that something ever happened? I just had one of those. It was after eating at CiCi's.In all of my young adult years, I've never found a reason to complain about pizza. I've had cheap pizza, and higher end pizza. They are what you pay for; and generally, what you expect. CiCi's was a different case, however. Sure, it's a real cheap price for an all you can eat extravaganza, but is it really worth it? Maybe as a kid I wouldn't mind this place. Heck, as a kid, anything pizza-related sounded good to me. Combine two awesome foods, like mac & cheese and pizza? That sounds like a childhood fantasy. But, when actually having that cardboard slice of pizza with macaroni & cheese thrown on top was like I dumpster dived for a slice of pizza and found mac & cheese residue on top. The pizza didn't taste good, nor did the mac & cheese. Combine the two and you get an exponential amount of awful.Sure they have the normal pizza with the traditional toppings. Thing is, they taste similar to pizza that sat out in a drunken dorm room for about a week, maybe worse. Then they also have the crazy combination pizzas, like the mac & cheese or one with Taco Bell style toppings thrown on top, which make absolutely no sense at all. Putting such low quality food and combinations made my taste buds weep tears of sadness. That night, I wouldn't be surprised if half of my taste buds shut down on me in sheer disappointment, forever leaving me with the palate of a senior citizen.Yes, the place was all-you-can eat. All I was able to handle was 1.5 slices. It was after that, I was done and walked out. Never again, I said to myself. Never again.
5	This was my first Cici's experience - and for the record, I loved it!For $5, you get all-you-can-eat pizza, soup, salad, and dessert.  The quality isn't top-notch, but everything still tasted great, there was an excellent variety of pizzas (they even make them made-to-order), and the service was outstanding.  I would absolutely return!
1	Well ill start this off on the good points. Its 7 dollars and with the tax and the drink for the buffet. The pizzas are pretty tasty. Love the Cinna bread stuff, the brownies and the apple dessert pizza though it can be a little to sweet. Depends on who makes it. NOW FOR THE BAD. I walk in, and am waiting for a Cashier and it takes 10 minutes before someone comes up to ring me up. The pizza station wasnt stocked at all, and the pizzas that were up there had minimal pizzas left. The bread sticks werent on par with the ones ive had at other Cicis in other states. The Sweet Tea wasnt sweet at all. They have a hard time keeping the pizzas fresh and stocked. Same thing with the Desserts they werent stocked well at all. They come around often and clear your table. They also forget about your special order pizza and instead of taking responsibility they try to pass the blame on someone int he kitchen.I have never seen such a worse group of people in there. And ive ate at Cici's in Colorado and Arizona. People coming in wearing Pajama pants and slippers with there underwear plainly visible. Men wearing Shorts with there boxers showing and wearing a wife beater and you can see the disgusting stomach hanging out. Parents letting there kids play with the soda machine, and Kids being inside and are wearing dirty clothes. The restaurant area is clean. But this one straddles the area of Nice and Ghetto on Nellis And Stewart. And I WILL NEVER COME BACK TO THIS ONE. Looking at some of the patrons almost grossed me out so bad i almost lost my dinner. This should be named Pistol Petes and not Cicis Pizza.
5	I have been going to this CiCis since they opened, they have always had a good variety of Pizzas, and willing to make what ever kind you like.I had one issue with an employee 2 months ago, when I spoke to the Manager she took care of the issue very quickly, and there has been no problems since.
3	I can't really say much besides the food is cheap!  I'm a big fan of buffets, and this one is more like a giant cafeteria, but I don't mind.  Sometimes I just want a casual place to pig out.  They deliver too, but I've never used that service, although if they can give me macaroni pizza at home I might possibly have to try it!It can definitely get a little crowded around dinner time.  So the noise level is quite high since everyone and their mama brings small children.  Sooooo if you really don't do crying babies, don't go here.
3	This is probably the best overall Cici's that I've ever been to.  Although that isn't saying much, but overall the atmosphere was pretty relax.I guess I can only compare this to the Cici's I used to go to on rainbow.  When I went it was kind of crowded but the size of the establishment was pretty big so no one was really crammed together.Of course for $6 all you can eat pizza there is nothing to complain about that.  Average food, I love pizza so quality isn't that much of a factor for me.  I do like how they announce that a new fresh pizza is available.If you are in the area and want to stuff your face with pizza, check it out.Conditions For Me To Return:- Get dragged here by the girlfriendSeriously, I don't live in this area, that's the only condition.
2	Granted it is a Sunday evening and it can be a bit busy but the food was bland and scarce for a CiCi's...the women's restroom was DISGUSTING but when I told the manager she seemed caring apologized and sent someone right then to go clean it... we didnt stick around to find out how that turned out but in the future I would rather drive across town to a different CiCis than return here!
4	I ate at Cici's Pizza on 10-07-2012 at the Nellis Blvd location.  I arrived as they were opening at 11:00 am, and was their first customer.  They had a good variety of Pizza out but I asked the person waiting on me if I could have about 4 pieces of pizza with anchovy's on it.  They said No Problem, It will be out in a few minutes.  I went ahead and had a couple of slices of what had already been put out and it was very good.  My slices that I had special ordered came out quickly, were very good and hot as well.  I didn't eat the salad bar, nor did I have desert, but it was available.  There was a person coming around frequently to remove dishes, and clean tables.  They had unlimited drink refills, and it was self service.  I was charged $6.00 total.  I found the place to be clean, friendly and the price  to be a real bargain.   I was very happy with the food, service, and cleanliness of this location.  They are a kid friendly place...and it's a great bargain.
3	This location was clean and I had no real issues with it.  It was lunch time and there were only a few people there and not very busy.  With it not being very busy, I can understand not having a lot of pizza out because it wouldn't be fresh for very long, but they did have some variety and did their best to keep it rotated and fresh. I have no real complaints.Pizza was fine and of course their cinnamon rolls were awesome.
1	HORRIBLE!!! The dishes are absolutely filthy, they are yellow in color however you can see black dirt all over them and some even have pieces of unwashed food on them. All of the table and seats were disgusting and filthy. The bathroom is a complete mess and always stinks of urine. There was fecal matter smeared all over the mirror on our last visit. Yeah I know, It's in an undesirable part of town however this does not condone this. I will be contacting corporate as well as the health district! I have watched this location go from being pretty good when it first opened to being totally disgusting. I would NOT recommend this filthy place to anyone.
4	A neighbor swears that Cici's has the best pizza and urged me to check it out when I had the chance.  Based on the price, I was expecting the worst.  Just how good can a $5 buffet be?First, the bad.  Green salad comes out in very small batches and there are a few greasy squeeze bottles.  There are lots of kids running around so you have to be careful not to step on one of them.  The pizzas that are on their usual rotation aren't too interesting.Now for the amazingly good side.  The pizza was actually pretty good.  Not gourmet-good but at least as good as a Papa John's or Pizza Hut pizza.  And much cheaper.  You can even request your favorite and the staff will bring you several slices when it is ready.  The staff were remarkably cheerful given how busy it was.  Really glad I finally got a chance to try.  I'll probably be back at least once on my next trip when I get tired of the casino buffet food.
3	It's defiantly not as good as the one we went to in Michigan but the price is pretty decent for a pizza buffet !
1	MORTIFIED! Growing up in Texas I loved CiCi's pizza and was excited when they opened up in Vegas. I got there at about 8 PM. tonight and the place was about 25% full. There was no where to sit because almost every table had plates on it (dirty buffet plates). AT first I thought maybe they were just short handed. Right away I noticed the cashier kept filing the salad and dressings without washing her hands. She was touching everything! Money, dirty rags, trash and then would go fill the salad and move the pizza around. I went up to the pizza counter to ask for our Pepperoni pizza that we had ordered about 20 minutes before and they had forgotten to make it. As I stood there I noticed the cashier pull a pizza out from UNDERNEATH (below the pizza counter) the counter and set it under the heat. I was horrified to see a sausage pizza that had been sitting out (already cooked) placed underneath the heat lamp. We left and didn't even eat more than a plate of food after being disgusted by the slop fest of CiCi's pizza. The worst part is that the cashier clearly did not give two cents about anyone eating dirty food. I feel gross just knowing I ate anything. The place was dirty, the bathrooms had graffiti. NEVER again will I eat here.
3	After contacting the corporate office this particular Cici's seemed to get on the ball. It's much better than it used to be. A decent value if you like a lot of pizza. Still often pretty dirty though.
4	I am updating my review for this Cici's Pizza location:.They have just recently expanded their salad bar.Also, this store has improved in the following areas:ManagementFood selectionCleanlinessI increased my rating from 3 stars to 4 stars.They are trying hard to get your business.
4	This CiCi's location definitely has gotten better with time. First time back in there since the deadly police shooting and I have to say that it was a pleasant experience because there wasn't a bunch of kids running around and their parents doing nothing about it. We got to sit where we wanted because it was almost empty and I didn't have to listen to jabber from other people. One thing I did notice is that they put a picture up honoring the 2 fallen police officers and that is completely AWESOME! So much respect goes out to them for that.Food was really good and fresh and the shift manager was eager to make anything we wanted. Over all good experience.
