5	We've visited here twice from Denver, and each time I wish we had a shop like this near our home. It's fun to browse, and my son always finds good cookies (TimTams or the British imitator called Penguins) or snacks. I'd love to try some of the home-prep items and may figure out a way to do that. I nearly bought a Shandy Bass this trip (Bass ale mixed with lemonade, a traditional drink, go figure) but didn't because I couldn't drink it right away and couldn't keep it cold. Next trip perhaps. How can you pass up a thing that interesting and unusual? The owner is helpful and accommodating, and I'm fairly sure she'd order you things she doesn't carry if you can return to get them.This is a great break from the casinos and an easy-to-find location on Decatur. From the south, go west on Tropicana past The Orleans casino and turn north (right) on Decatur. Proceed north to the 3400 South block. The shop is in a strip mall on the west side of Decatur. It's usually open from 10 to 6 or a little later.
5	My wife and I found this in the local newspaper's best of LV for 2007.  I'm glad we did.  It was the second to last thing we did on our lastest trip to Vegas, and it was a fun little place.  The owner was super nice and talked our ears off the whole time.  Unfortunately we were travelling about 3 hours after our stop, so we couldn't really get any of the frozen or other foods, but they do carry Mars Delight, which is only the greatest candy bar on the earth.
4	This is a great little shop, I was very excited to find out about it, as it's pretty hard to come across British stuff in most parts of the country I've lived in.  They have quite a decent selection, but then again I'm mostly just interested in the sweets, chocolate, and that kind of yummy stuff from there.  I was able to get some delicious, authentic Cadbury chocolate and some of Mr. Kipling's pies, very yummy! I plan on going back again and getting some more stuff to try.  The lady working was very nice and helpful too, and if they don't have what you're looking for, they offer to try and find it for you.
5	We've been to this pleasant little shop several more times and always enjoy it. You can get occasional great deals on clearance items. I still haven't tried that Shandy Bass, though!
