5	We moved into our present house 9 months ago. The front yard was badly in need of a cleanup and a dead tree needed to be removed. We contacted 4 Seasons Landscaping and were very pleased with their service. Rich contacted us in a timely manner, gave us a very reasonable estimate, and was on site with the workers to oversee the job. He welcomed our suggestions and  offered  good advice to our questions. The work was done in a couple days and we are thrilled with the results. We now have a lovely new tree, shrubs, and a walkway going down the side of the house. And everything was done according to budget. Couldn't be happier!
5	A month ago I called Rich to get a quote on removing 2 trees from my backyard which overhung my pool area. He told me he could be at my home within an hour as he was working in my area on that day. He arrived within the time he said he would and quoted me a great price to remove and stump grind both trees. He and his employees arrive that same afternoon and took care of my removal needs.  After the work was done, as I was chit chatting with Rich, I told him that I was accepting quotes from pool companies to have my pool deck refinished.  He said he could also do that work for me. I requested a written quote from him and he was by far the most reasonable.  After a few weeks, I gave Rich a call back asking if he was still interested in redoing my pool deck. He had his crew at my home within a few days and they started grinding away all the old cool deck that was present.  The job was completed to our expectation & satisfaction within 4 days with color that my wife and I wanted. (Other companies were charging several hundred dollars more for the same color which we really wanted PLUS they would only "spot grind" the bad areas, unlike Rich who quoted grinding away ALL the existing cool deck before spraying the new stuff). I give him 5 stars for a job well done: from being prompt, super reasonable on his quote, & for Chuy and crew being friendly and accommodating to explaining proper maintenance, All near prefect workmanship!  I will give Rich a call for all my future needs I may have with landscaping and pool decking projects that may come up. Muchas Gracias Chuy!!
5	My HOA is very very picky about every little thing.  Every time I call 4 Seasons they answer the phone and have direct answers to my questions and can always help me out right away. Always on time, do an amazing job, and very friendly. Also great prices. I've called other places for comparison and there is no comparison.  Every time any of my friends have problems with their HOA or just need any kind of maintenance,  I recommend 4 Seasons.
5	Called Rich at Four Seasons the day before Thanksgiving 2014, late in the afternoon.  He got back to me right away and pledged to come by the house in Henderson on Friday.  None of the other landscapers I contacted even returned my calls!  The job was to landscape the home of a deceased relative so the estate could be settled and the house could be sold.  The yard was a complete wreck and had not been touched in at least a year, probably longer.  There was overgrowth and dead vegetation everywhere.  Rich came by at the promised time and took a look around.  He gave me what I considered a very reasonable quote for the job.  Rich worked quickly and efficiently, doing the job in the time promised and did not ask for extra $$$ to cover "unexpected" costs as some landscapers do.  He communicated well, and made sure I was informed of everything that he was going to do.  He was completely professional and paid attention to every detail that I asked about.  By the time he was done, the yard looked great.  Bottom line, Rich came through for this out-of-towner in a big way.  I would absolutely recommend Four Seasons to anyone for their landscaping needs!
