4	I work nearby so I've been to this location more than a handful of times.  I'm not sure how long it has been there, but the building feels relatively new and is kept well (very clean and orderly).  I normally go inside to eat rather than use the drive-thru.  During the course of lunch the line in the drive thru moves pretty fast (from what I can see in the window).  My one gripe is with all fast food places that cater to their driving customers = there has got to be a better way!  I know the cars at some point need to get next to the building, but it's like a deathtrap waiting to happen.    God forbid I happen to be stepping off the curb and a maniac in the rush to get his/her Bojangles fix whips around the corner and ends me...... at least I would of had a good last meal though (hopefully).
3	Went here for lunch on a lazy Sunday afternoon - Aug 21st....I ordered the 4 Piece Supremes Combo with seasoned fries as my side and a sweet tea to drink.  I went through the drive-thru and found the service to be more than satisfactory,  My order totaled to $6.16 and was provided to me exactly to my specifications. Disappointments:  None really.  If anything, the fries were a bit cold and sub-par as a whole. This specific location is no different than your standard Bojangles' location.  The only other thing to note is often times they run out of chicken, especially wings late on most evenings.  Otherwise, this place will suite most Bojangles' fans.
5	It's Bojangles aka the Catalina Wine Mixer, what more needs to be said. This place is fucking awesome and the cure for any hangover. 4 pc supreme combo FTW. The sweet tea is the nectar of the gods, and if you don't like the seasoning on the fries you should probably check your pulse.
3	Sorry Boj... going to down you a star... ever since you got that new guy working the front things haven't really been the same.  I waited a long time for by biscuit this morning behind 3 other people while the workers hurriedly made a huge order of sausage biscuits (2 boxes worth) I counted 30 [yes I was waiting for that whole order to go through so I had time to count along with the employees].I'm sure the new guy will just need some time to adjust, but he seems pretty lost, especially when people ask him for extra sauce (jam, butter, salt/pepper).I think I got used to the usual morning crew so much so that it is a little sad to me that things were switched up.  I am probably just getting old and "like my routine" the way it is, but hopefully the new guy will get up to par pretty soon.
2	I just got back from Bojangles and am pretty disappointed.  First I ordered my food and they "forgot" to mention they have no more thighs until I already paid. So they tried to replace it with 1 wing, seriously? I got two out if them but still that is ridiculous. Then I got the food and checked it, my boyfriend got a 3 piece meal and they only put one one leg and their last thigh, they forgot the third piece....how does a fried chicken restaurant not have thighs and forget food? I am disappointed!
4	First off, this is Bojangles so you should know what you're getting into.  Food that tastes good and is horrible for you is pretty much all you're going to get, stating that I love the place. For some reason on weekend mornings every place around for breakfast is packed except for this place so I come in and my gravy biscuit and fries, a lot of Bojangles can't get the seasoning down but here they got it.  Lunch and dinner is usually a grilled chicken sandwich and fries or supremes (tenders) and fries.  Tried the homestyle tenders twice and the best way to put it was that they tasted odd.  Also stay away from the chicken bites, they're half fat and gristle.Other than food the people are friendly and the place is generally clean, with fast food that's about all you can ask for.  Getting brown gravy back for the mashed potatoes would make this place 5 stars.
