5	Stopped in tonight to find a dress for some upcoming social events and I have to say this place is an absolute gem! Zoe the owner was super helpful. When she greeted me we chatted for a bit about budget, sizing issues, and types of events. She really made finding the perfect dress a painless experience, which for someone like me whose hips and bust aren't the same size can really be a challenge! Took a little time to browse around the store after I found the dress, the selection of every day casual and dressy office type clothing is great too. Buttery soft leggings and jeans... super cosy looking sweaters...flowy tops and pretty blouses... I could go onI'm already planning to stop in again as soon as I have a little money to spoil myself with! Seriously, ladies size 12 and up, if you're looking for a great place to buy fashionable clothes in Madison other than Lane Bryant; this is your store!
5	This store is fabulous! It caters to the 12 and up size women, real women :) and the selection is great! Zoe the owner is very helpful and just great.  The selection of clothing is truly wonderful, it is wonderful to find something new! I bought a pair of pants that are just amazing and i suggest you go to this boutique and check it out!! I purchased some tanks (they are so comfortable) the fabric is amazing and the cost is great! You will be happy you took the time to visit this boutique, It is so nice to have some place other than Lane Bryant and the cheesy department store to shop in for a size 12 and up women!   I have no doubt you will find something amazing.
5	I absolutely love this store. The customer service is fantastic. It is a positive atmosphere. I like how roomy and comfortable the fitting rooms are. I have been to the store twice and the staff are very attentive and kind. It is a bit pricey, but I am ok with that, because I really want to support this local business, and you can tell the clothes are high quality. I look forward to many more shopping excursions here.
