3	This is a very nice chinese buffet in Edinburgh. The food is good and there is lots of different styles of food to choose from. The restaurant is clean and tidy and very well presented and the staff are friendly. It is close to Princes street and all the other main shopping stores and also the train line, which you can take after having a meal there.
2	The food ain't what it used to be here. They've introduced a carvery but only one visit per person.
4	Jimmy Chung's is any students dream.Fill your belly with as much Chinese food as you can take for a set price.There is different prices depending on what time of day/week you go on, so watch out. Generally mid-week lunch time is the cheapest. The restaurant is actually quite nice for a buffet restaurant. Its not incredibly flash, but its well kept and tidy. You basically sit down, a waiter takes your drinks order and then your off to stuff your face!There is a wide range of starters, from soups to chicken wings to ribs to spring rolls. I don't really like their ribs or chicken wings, but there is so much choice if you don't like one thing there is plenty others to make up for it. The main courses cater for every taste. There is chips, various rice and noddle dishes, vegetarian dishes, beef, chicken and pork dishes. You will be hard pushed to find something you don't like. And it is all very tasty too. The place is usually so busy that the food is bound to be quite fresh and not sitting for too long. If you make it to dessert, then there is a selection of ice cream, jelly and fruit salads. They aren't very exciting in my opinion. I usually go for the scrumptious banana fritters and syrup. If you like Chinese and buffets then this is ideal. Especially if your really wanting to fill yourself up for a cheap price, or your looking for a hangover cure. Oh and you can takeaway from here. I am unsure of the price, but around lunchtime a lot of people come in and are given plastic tubs to fill up to takeaway. I guess there is a set price based on the size of tub.
2	Exactly what you expect from a Chinese buffet; I've had better but the convenience makes this place a great eat. I can't really complain when it comes to all you can eat, depending on how greedy you are, you can definitely get more than your money's worth. Staff are fast and friendly, and I've eaten here with various company more times than I care to remember. There was one occasion when my sister and I were asked to pay before we ate along with about 10 other tables, all young people, which we did but opon thinking about we queried and were told that they ask young people to pay before eating on Saturday (she's 19, I'm 21) - we asked for a refund in offense before eating, but were refused. That has put a sour note on my feelings towards the establishment, and although this definitely is policy as I've heard the same from others, I believe it's an unfair one.
3	Typical Chinese buffet with all the usual dishes. The food is good, nothing to write home about and there is plenty of variety including some Japanese dishes. Some of the dishes are a bit pointless though - why include spare ribs when there is zero meat on them? 99% boneCheap lunch, okay surrounds, average food, quick service.
1	I like Chinese buffets as well as the next guy. You know the drill... All you can eat of modestly-priced somewhat greasy Chinese food. But honestly I lost my appetite after one plate, so they certainly made a good profit on my dinner tonight.To be fair, a big part of my bad experience was that they seated me next to a table of 10 teenage hooligans who (it seemed to me) were having a contest to see if they could do something outrageous enough to get themselves thrown out of the restaurant.  Unluckily for the rest of the diners, the hooligans won... Nobody from the wait staff or management lifted a finger to even suggest that their shouting, singing, throwing food, loud belching or shrill whistling was the least bit unacceptable. They also left the buffet itself in a very unappetizing state each time any of them visited to fill their plates.To give them one star because of rowdy diners wouldn't be entirely fair; However, the food didn't deliver either. Most of the dishes were quite unappetizing. Greasy, shiny & overcooked seemed to be the norm. The crispy duck -- rather unique in a buffet setting -- was acceptable, though some of the garnishes showed signs of serious aging. The inclusion of more traditional Scottish fare on the buffet -- chips, mashed potatoes, Brussels sprouts -- didn't score any authenticity points. Honestly the high point of my meal was the dish of soft-serve ice cream at its end, which (though they offered no toppings to speak of) was light and smooth.I walked by the other branch of Jimmy Chung's (down by Waverly) and that one looked much nicer.  But I won't be giving this branch another try.
1	If you are Chinese or if you are not and want to have a semi-decent Chinese food, DO Not go here.  It is super expensive, and the food are tasting westernized.   There were only one plate that is slightly edible, the fried mushroom.   Fried shrimps are drenched in oil with a storage taste.  Spare ribs were so hard, i thought there were all bones.  All meat were too sweet.  The Thai pat-ay had a layer of oil on top of it.    There were no sushi or Sashimi at this location.  You are better off just go to Burger King or Subway down the street.  After i ate their food, i was really worried about having diarrhea because the restaurant was "encouraging" customers to reuse their plates.   I saw some customers putting food on their used plates and then return food back to the counter after i read the signs.... Yikes.But if you really want to have Chinese food and learn your own lessons, please be aware that you may be charged 5 pound penalty for "wasting" food you can't eat or finish. (There is a sign and 10 things posted on each table. You can read them yourself).   So, a smart thing to do is to be selective on the quantities you get from each plate.   I was getting only one bite from each plate so i won't be sorry that they were tasteless as most of there were.  The service is average.   In fact, the host/hostess were kind of rude.   You be the judge.   It was probably one of the worst experiences I had.  I can see some teenages who loves going there just to eat tons of french fries and shrimp fries.  But, the shrimp fries were somehow old as well.  How can they do that is beyond me.  The qualities are just not there for a buffet that charges 14 pounds.
1	Awful food. Only one dish was edible and the selection was not good. Staff we rude and plates were dirty. Please do not waste your hard earned money here.
