5	My wife and I started looking to move from Ohio to Arizona back in November of 2011 and had the pleasure of working with Todd. He was nothing short oh phenomenal. We had looked at dozens of houses on 2 separate trips to Arizona, one of which was on less then 1 days notice, and he made himself available to us without hesitation. Best of all he gave us an HONEST opinion on his thoughts on the house, asking price, location etc. Not being from the local area that information was invaluable. We put a bid in on our current house in Dec 2011, we closed at the end of Sept 2012 and Todd followed up with us almost weekly. Had a great experience working with Todd and I look forward to doing it again in the future!
5	My wife and I had to move out of state quickly and Todd was with us each step of the way!  Todd did an incredible job for us!!! His strategies for marketing our house was  just totally superb! The listing service he selected did a beautiful job! The photos they took were top notch and got the word out fast! We had bids coming in shortly after which was wonderful!  Once an offer was accepted, we decided to move out-of-state. Todd went above and beyond and checked in on the property.  It was just an absolute perfect transaction all around! We officially sold our home and are totally ecstatic!At first we were thinking about renting our property. Todd was a tremendous support in helping us understand how the rental and property management process works. It's awesome that he can provide he can both rental services (including property management) or sell your house which really adds for tremendous flexibility!Like the previous reviewer mentioned, is always available and is very supportive!  Many thanks Todd for everything! This experience has truly been a blessing!!
1	Good luck working with this guy if you're looking for property management services. I've been trying to see a property for rent listed online for the past week with no luck. The last  text I sent to him was asking him if he has any intent on contacting me back regarding seeing the property in person or not, this was at 3 in the afternoon after not hearing from him after I both called and text him 3 days prior, he returned my text at 10:45PM STILL not offering to show the property.I gave up, poor communication and follow through, maybe he's better at selling property instead. I hope the owner of the property on Del Rio Ln in Avondale reads this and knows that he's not following through on possible tenants for your rental.
