5	We had these guys do some t-shirt printing for a company picnic that we had, and were looking for team t-shirts. Originally lured in by the $5 t-shirt vehicle wrap on a van parked near my home, we called in and said, "saw the sign," not in an Ace of Base voice, "what can you do with a 72 hour lead time?"Pretty much anything... cool.So, we sent over an extremely pixilated image of what we wanted, which they were able to help find a version that was actually workable and off to the races we went!After several phone calls with us changing our mind (maybe 'several' is an understatement) we had proceeded to build what many would've seen as the worlds most expensive custom company picnic t-shirt. For us, approximately $13 per shirt seemed like a steal.So, 72 hours later, we had spiffy new t-shirts, and while we looked stylish at the picnic, we didn't win any of the events. So, if you're looking for a cool shirt for a low price... look here. If you're looking for a winning lottery ticket to pop out of your shirt pocked, or you just need some general luck-- keep walking. Or pick up one of the pre-printed shirts with a funny saying that they have in stock, and at least you'll have laughed today.BTW- the attached photos are after 2 (maybe 2) washes in the washing machine.
5	I had Twisted Image do some work for my law firm. They did sunscreen for our firm retreat bags, water bottles and tote bags. Everything was perfect and received well in advance of my deadline. I will return for more stuff soon!
5	I am new to Phoenix and started a business for the first time.  Danny has been great to work with, so helpful, takes the time and really cares about quality product and what is best for his customer.  He has been so open with the process, made excellent suggestions and has helped me grow my business.
5	This is an awesome place! Time and time again,  never ceases to deliver great work!! Can't wait to get our apparel in for our business.  Definitely go see Danny for all of your printing needs! We will be using them forever!
5	WOW!!! Amazing service.  I came in and ordered 24 custom shirts on Wednesday, then Daniel, the owner, called me at 3 the next day to say they were done.  Affordable, honest, quick, and professional.  They have all mu printing business forever!@
4	Daniel is one honest guy with great customer service skills.
