4	It's here!  The French Bee is now located along the Camelback Corridor!If you've visited this store before, you already know how much fun it is to spend an hour getting lost among all things Parisian.  The Kierland location is now closed (the floral facility is still open in Indian School Rd.). Somehow, this seems like the perfect location for TFB; centrally located, yet an upgrade to the Indian School strip mall.Stop in and see for yourself how you can transform your chateau and see if you can score yourself a bit of popcorn near one of the registers.  Both activities are fun --- and tres chic!
1	what a disgusting owner!!!! completely bitter jerk who rather then help the situation and slams the phone down... BUYER BEWARE!!!!!!!!!!!!!The owner is insane! after I posted a negative review he called me up to scream at me called me pathetic and scream at me before slamming the phone. Then the insane owner kept calling me back! He is insane al la Amy's Baking Company
1	Do not try to return a product here, it will be a nightmare experience. Even the employees whisper to you about how difficult the owner (the bald man) is. He blames it all on YOU, it is NEVER the product or how it was made, or his error, or just a random problem with a product. He treats people poorly. LOVE what you buy, and if there is an issue with it....learn to live with it, or be blamed for it. Please believe me when i say this...Its a bummer.
1	French Bee took my credit card numberand charged me for $2,000.00 for itemsnever received. Am calling BBB and filingcomplaints with all review social media websites.Buyer Beware! Never use your creditcard at this establishment. Reputation is everything in business and credit cardfraud will destroy their business withina few months.
1	After dinner this evening I was waiting outside for my husband  and I saw the door to the French Bee was opened so I decided to go in. I had been walking around the store for about 5 minutes when I here the lady behind the counter say to the other employee you go tell her we are closed. He walked over to me and said we are closed and you need to leave he also made sure to walk me out the door. I told the guy I was sorry and I walked in because the door was open. I have purchased items from this store before(at the old location) and was considering buying something tonight. I have never felt this bad after leaving a store and do not plan on buying anything else at the French Bee!! If you like rude people and overpriced items that you can make at home then this is the store for you!
4	Beautiful shop, huge selection and friendly staff!  We stopped by yesterday (summer hours were wrong on Yelp) and purchased a beautiful dresser that was recently discounted 50% - bonus!  For our trouble with the hours they threw in free delivery...much appreciated since we didn't even ask for it.  I'll be back to look for other items and accessories as needed.
