5	I am not very good at writing reviews so please bear with me haha.I will continue coming to this place for all my vape needs.  Good prices and good customer service.  The no tax is a cool perk. SO many juice selections from their own inventory and many other premium selections.  I can tell the guy mixing the juices an idea of what I want and he will get it all set up. I will recommend this shop to any of my buddies looking for a vape shop.
5	Good prices and selection  with a convenient location (for me at least)! Will definitely be going back.
5	Best vape shop in the valley 7 bucks for a 30ml and they custom make it. Staff is very knowledgeable.
5	I don't know where to start, everything was extraordinary especially the service. They have a great selection of high-quality clone mods and some high-end mods too with a variety of atomizers rda/rba and tanks/cartomizers . Another great quality is they have 4 national "premium" brands of e juice and their handcrafted juice is very good quality plus they have a menu book with all the flavors for you to create your own specialty flavor they will also give you the VG /PG blend you request. I want to thank the owner for the upgrade to my HCIGAR Hades mod (now do you know who I am?) Lol I live approximately 100 miles one way from this shop and I will be more than happy to drive that distance for the superior service and way above average they have created.PS don't forget your Prescott store you already have 2 willing people to assist you in that endeavor!!
5	I have never had a better experince in a vape store. The crew is outrageously friendly, knoweledgeable, and generous in sharing their time and talent. No pressures, just a mindset and mentality to serve folks who come in with lots of hospitality and humor. BTW::::They don't charge sales tax!!
5	This shop is nothing short of amazing. The staff is friendly and knowledgable, the prices and the quality of the products they sell are great. But the custom juice bar is where my heart lies. Oh that wall of flavors, it brings a small tear of joy to the outer corner of my right eye just typing about it. The possibilities are essentially endless, and at $8.00 for 30ml of CUSTOM juice, this place is absolutely unbeatable.
5	Right off the bat I want to say this place is now my go to vapor shop. The employees are great, the prices and selections are great, the flavor wall they have is great(so many you can try before you buy) they have a punch card system as well. I heard about this place from Dustin, He is an employee at this shop and knows his shit, I will tell any vaper that i see/know about this place.Oh the flavor / quality of the juice is absolutely great and here are some of the flavors I got today. Blueberry Cheesecake, Watermelon Sangria and Pink Starburst. I am using the Pink Starburst now and WOW. Great flavor!!My setup:Nemesis Clone with StillareMicro Dual Coils with 28g Kanthal A1(6 wraps .5 ohms)Sony 18650Update 06/14/2014: just tried the Watermelon Sangria and the Blueberry Cheesecake and both are Fantastic! Very Impressed
2	The shop alone is amazing.  The products are great, great prices on mods and juices.  The only reason I put 2 star's is because the girl karen is horrible.  She's pushy and bosses the other employees around like there idiots.  She doesn't let you choose the flavors that you want, and tries to make you get the flavors that she wants to give you. I have had to return to the store on numerous occasions to get my juices right and to my demise, she happens to bust in, push aside the nice guys that work there, and appear at the counter to "assist" me when she should really stay on the couch texting away. Not only does she provide that horrible experience for you, but she also continues to push you into purchasing products you do not want to purchase. I have left the store entirely dissatisfied, questioning what kind of establishment would allow such behavior from an employee. As consumers, the customer should always have the right and freedom to  get what they deserve. Every experience I have encountered with her has been similar to a reoccurring nightmare.   If they got rid of her, not only would the shop be a stress free zone, but it would also be at a lower risk of losing business and profit. It is discouraging and quite frankly nothing but a hassle to continue doing business with this inadequate girl you call an employee. It is a shame to come to the realization that such a great business can be ruined by one nagging person. Aside from this negative aspect of the franchise, it was a very great spot to go to. It no longer is because Karen will dictate how, when, and what will be done--both to customers and coworkers.
5	This place is amazing. Awesome selection. The guy that helped me was very helpful. I will definitely come back
5	ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!!!! Prices are ridiculously low and the quality is PREMIUM! I will recommend this shop to anyone and everyone! Thank you Red Star for helping me out and making vaping affordable. They don't try to bleed everyone out for their money instead they have a high speed low drag method of pricing that I think every shop should adopt. If your thinking about visiting this shop I highly recommend you give them a shot!
5	I've shopped around several vape places since I started vaping, but this shop is by far the best. Excellent juices and excellent service. They've always helped me out in everyway possible and I always walk out a happy customer. Being fairly new to vaping, they have helped educate me and of the liquid isn't how you want, they're always willing to correct it. I love it and hope they never close down.
4	These guys are great, they know a lot and will help you the best that they can. Don't let the chick mix your liquid though, she has messed up mine and my friends numerous times. I would give it give stars if she wasn't there.
5	Butt-Out is awesome. I first experienced them at their shop on 7st and Virginia. I had never heard of vaping and had no idea of what it was. They took their time to educate me and were very fair with me. I recently moved to Tempe and went to Butt-Out on Mill. Those guys are freaking INCREDIBLE! When I spend my money there they explain to me what I'm getting and never try to sell me something that I dont need AND they quite frequently give me incentives to shop there. Five stars guys keep up the good work!
1	I found their product to be inferior to what we were already buying, and their staff kept blowing vapor in my face while I was trying to talk to them.  Seriously? Just because it isn't cigarette smoke doesn't mean it's not also incredibly rude.
1	Publicly Advertising That You Clone People's Liquid Lines Is Not Cool!! If You Are A Legit Shop That Can Make E-Liquid You Should Be Coming Up With Your Own Flavors!! CLONING OTHER PEOPLE'S HARD WORK & UNDERCUTTING THEM IS WRONG!! Hope A Lawsuit Is In Your Near Future!! #jumanji #tigeruppercut
1	Horrible service! Overpriced and dirty! I wouldn't go back to this place and don't recommend it to anyone!
5	Awesome quality at the BEST prices!!!!  Red Star Vapor allows you to custom select and flavor your juice at prices far less than what you'd pay at any other shop.  My only regret is not finding then sooner...
1	HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!Went in there yesterday, 12/09/2014 around 3:30pm for a rebuild since the coils from my last rebuild done by them a few weeks ago started to leak rust on to my cotton. Did I mention I commute from west Glendale (Cardinals Stadium) all the way to Mesa a few times a month to buy my juices exclusively from Red Star. Anyway, upon entering the store, wasn't greeted or anything (the norm when the boss isnt there). I just kinda stood there like an idiot until I inquired about having my mod rebuilt. I was met by a rude and extremely frustrated older guy with a black beard and glasses, basically told me that paying customers at the juice bar come first, and that I need to wait while he helps the paying customers (some of which came in after me). Let me make one thing clear, I understand you rebuild mods for free, and thats cool, but I would more than willing shove a 20$ bill in your pocket to make my transformation from "mooching freeloader" to "paying customer" so I can have my coils rebuilt without having to waste my whole afternoon at your shop. Next another employee chimes in and says there is 2 others ahead of me to its going to be a while, meanwhile 3 employees are just chatting with people at the juice bar, and nobody is working on coils... What the f**k kind of service is this? What the f**k kind of business are you trying to run here? Well needless to say, this shop is garbage, the employees are stuck up douche bags and I will never be returning to the poor excuse for a vape shop.
5	Definitely happy to have this place close by. Amazing selection of flavors, at some of the best prices for e-liquid I've found. The people are also very helpful and know their product very well.The specials they have also seem pretty insane and put the prices in-line if not cheaper than a lot of online retailers. Can't recommend this place highly enough and have sent everyone I know there, and everyone I know agrees that they run a great shop.
2	Went there to get a couple bottles of juice since they have good pricing and will not be going back. Walked in the door and nobody acknowledged that we were there. Finally walked up to the counter and the guy waited a few minutes before we got a "can I get you something?" I asked about popular flavors and suggestions for mixing on certain flavors they had and he said " I don't know". So I guess if you know exactly what you need and don't mind waiting ten minutes for help to get out the door it would be the perfect place for juice. Also the shop was not very clean and the bottles looked gross. I will be staying with my normal Vape shops from now on.
