3	Come here when you need a grease feast, because oily it is. Come here when you're drunk, because nobody will notice.Come here when you want to be left alone, because your server will do just that. Come here when you want a shredded pork and coriander sandwich in a sweet bun, because that's what they do best.Come here when you want quantity over quality, because the dumplings pale in comparison to the ones next door, but you get twice as many.
5	Absolutely LOVE this place.  A friend and I came to this place all the time when we were craving noodles.  Place is dirt cheap (average price $5-7 per dish) so you can eat very well.  As someone said below, place is a bit on the oily side but other than that, the food is delicious!  Never been let down when we ate here.Have tried pretty much everything on the menu.  Would recommend:- Any of their noodles dishes (perfect amount of heat/spicy level to it)  - Green onion cakes (nice and fluffy)- Dumplings (a full order gets you between 22-24 of these babies)Note: Not as amazing as Qing Hua Dumplings but they are good in their own wayNoodles are hand pulled and made with love.  A bit hard to separate while you eat but that's part of the fun!  Miss it since I've moved back out west.
4	That's what a summer night needs... Hot, steamy, boiling bowl of soup. What possessed us to order this was its description in the menu, "Soup with various lamb organs." Tell me, who can say no to that?! As sketchy as it may sound, the soup was incredibly flavorful and aromatic from the bamboo shoots and coriander. What "organs" this soup comprised of will be kept a secret until you order it. The fried bits in the picture are the sweetbreads, the heavy flavors of offal was boiled out and the soup was not overly gamey, just enough to know you were eating lamb.
4	Fellow Yelpers, I am glad to announce: I HAVE FINALLY DISCOVERED A HIDDEN GEM. A hole in the wall. You know, the kind of place you want to believe in so much, but have half given up on. The HOGWARTS OF FOOD (am I pushing it?).Sure, you could ask my mom what she thinks of the place: small, freezing, dubious, terrible washroom, servers are slow, speak neither French nor English, why do we see in the kitchen, are you sure it's clean, this TV's too loud, & hell why is it so empty?But clearly my mom is missing the point, so you better ask me.THIS PLACE IS FANTASTIC. From what I have seen in four visits there, it is still pretty much unknown outside the Asian community (& even then... the restaurant is small, but never full). I was referencing Hogwarts at the beginning, & there is a reason for it: what happens in this kitchen can only be described as magic. I have had the crystal & the egg-tomato noodles twice so far, plus the cucumber salad, and they were all impeccable, every time. The chunks of cucumber were deliciously fresh & crunchy, while the dressing was slightly acid, salty, & very spicy. I rarely crave vegetables, but I would go out of my way for this salad.As for the noodles... Oh, these thick, smooth noodles... I'm scared I'm developing a new obsession. Seriously. I had them again yesterday, as a reward after an exam, & then I dreamt about it last night. The crystal noodles are served cold, thus excellent in summer, but what you need with the arriving of fall is the egg-tomato bowl. Piping hot, a little bit oily, but not greasy, covered with a delicately sweet tomato sauce & pieces of scrambled eggs - the epitome of vegetarian comfort. It is true the interior could benefit from the advice of a designer, but the walls are painted a pretty, warm yellow, & quite frankly... Who cares? The noodles, folks. They're all that matters.
4	Hole in the wall Chinese cuisine? You bet I'm trying it. Maison du Nord may not be fancy, or shiny, but it is producing exceptionally tasty food at reasonable prices. Authentic, filling, and great. Still relatively unknown, and nestled away from the large cluster of Asian restaurants along St Catherine, this is worth the venture. Bring a friend, because you really should try and share more than a single dish.While the food itself is simple, the flavour is great, and the portions are generous.
