5	Everything we've had here is great!  And when I say great, I don't just mean 24 hour deli in a casino great, I mean regular great!  During the last trip, we decided to go there because (we always stay at Sam's Town) and my husband was starving.  He got the steak and eggs special for $5.99.  It was an amazing piece of steak with nice potatoes and toast....I mean, good looking food, not just grill food.  I had a grilled cheese sandwich and the fruit plate and it was the most awesome and succulent fruit I've had in a long time!  This month we went back (three months later) to celebrate our anniversary, and once again got hungry late at night.  I ordered the turkey sandwich and it was a very generous portion of turkey and a great sandwich, with a pickle spear and chips.  Too much for me to eat!  My husband had the steak and eggs again.  The staff is very attentive, the cook came out at one point when he had no orders to make and checked to see if we were all okay.  The only downside is that they don't refill your beverage for free, but hey, I can live!  This is a great place to eat!
3	Was pleasantly surprised by this place.  Decided to get a quick lunch and didn't want typical food court stuff.  So, checked this out.  They have a $4.99 blue plate specials.  Sometimes it comes with a side, other times it doesn't.  Today, it was the salisbury steak sandwich.  I tried it with a side of potato salad.  The sandwich was a large hoagie roll, and it was SOFT.  I was impressed, it was very fresh and a solid bread for this sandwich.  There are 2 good size pieces of steak on the bun and brown gravy.  The brown gravy was again, better than I was expecting.  I wanted more in fact, it was a very good representation of traditional brown gravy.  Other specials are hot turkey sandwich, fish and chips, etc.  I'll definitely come here again, and likely get the blue plate special again.  Very solid deal.Drinks are $1.99 for a small, so that's annoying, but the price on the special seems to be a good deal (based on this one visit).
4	This little place rocks. It's tucked away next to the sports bar. I was Yelping looking for something we could walk to that was highly rated. I found the Sports Deli and realized I was standing 30 feet away!Their food isn't gourmet or anything fancy, just good home-cooking at very reasonable prices. Their special was very good with ample servings and good flavors. I was very pleasantly surprised. Just don't expect fancy!
4	Found it by accident in the casino.  Needed something to eat after late night of drinking and gambling.  Husband had Philly Steak Sandwich that had a whopping pile of meat.  I had a pastrami with mounds of meat.   Will eat here before we ever eat at TGIF again.  Plus they are open all night!!  Yeah!  Don't expect restaurant seating or real plates and silverware but heck who cares when the food is good and inexpensive. Only place open in Sam's Town all night unless you want a donut and coffee at Dunkin Donuts.
2	Price is a bit high for what amounts to bar food.  Don't expect too many smiles from the people working here....and if you do buy one of their overpriced sodas, don't expect any free refills, refills are at full price.  I also have a problem when I spend $20 for food and get a tiny kiddie cup of water!  I will not be back.
4	Good food. Reasonable priced. Rubin was good but the onion rings were full of grease.  Pastromi was great fries were good.  Ppen 24 hours steak and eggs for $6.99 after 11 pm
