5	Come get some of this Mexican goodness! I just finished my taco and peppers and I already can't wait to eat more. Note to you anal, debit card carrying people. CASH ONLY. That's how we do here in Little Mexico.Small tacos are $1.50. Grownup size tacos are $2.50. He also cooks chimichangas, taquitos and fish tacos which are not on the menu. My boss said the fish taco was lightly battered and seasoned to perfection. She even liked it better than a taco shop that rhymes with Poopios. I had the large Carne Asada Taco which was fresh and delicious and had no grizzle and included large slices of avocado. The star for me is the hot sauces and the grilled peppers. I tried both sauces: RED which had a smoky hint to it and also the GREEN which tasted clean and not metallic like some do. Now to the effin peppers. He seasoned them with Lemon Pepper and I didn't pay attention to what else and then grills them. They are huge, warm, sweet and full of heat and flavor. I just want to order ten of those bad boys!  What I did was take the guts out of my taco and stuffed them in the peppers. Buh damn!Did I mention he has his liquor license and clean, little tables set outside and a boom box? Yeah, I think I am changing my name to Hi-me and growing a stache like a true Ranchero in honor of Chuy, Three Amigos and Machete.
4	Chuy's tacos sits right in the cut on Sahara and Chapman.  Definitely a great place to stop 'n go if you're wandering the good ole EASTCYDE. Chuy is a trip to chop it up with. Check his taco stand out yallz.What I had so far:$1.50 tacos: had the carne asada, pastor, and chicharron (careful with the chicharron. Don't over do it). I'LL TAKE IT!!! I Can eat about 6 of these tacos. Chuy hooks it up.$2.50 taco grandes: I can only inhale two of these fat tacos. FOR REALLY DOE! I think there's too much going on with these grandes. I think I'll stick with the regular tacos.$6.00 burritos: Had the carne asada burrito today. Big chunks of asada with a good combination of beans and onions. Not greazy at all. I'll pho'ks with it.I'll wash everything down with a good ole refresca coca cola minus the original missing ingredient. Haha! Chuy's sits in a parking lot of a liquor store, so pick your poison. He's got two tables out there if you want to hang out to enjoy your eats. I recommend eating them fresh. Chuy's tacos has good eats at reasonable prices. Another point for the EASTCYDE!!!
4	This is a solid place to grab some quick, cheap Mexican food. The hubby and I stopped in the other day because someone had told me they have very authentic al pastor tacos.They have two sizes for the tacos, $1.50 and $2.50. I recommend you go for the small ones, they are sufficient. The tacos al pastor were good, needed a bit more seasoning but their salsa verde more than made up for it. Hubby ordered the torta de asada which was REALLY good. The bread tasted like bread for a torta should taste like. All in all, we ordered about 6 tacos and the torta and it ended costing like 14 bucks. That is a tremendous deal in my book!
3	Are you drunk right now? Are you in the area of Maryland Parkway and Sahara? Stumble on down to Chuy's Tacos! This is the perfect food for those party hard nights in Vegas! Nothing is better than having some greasy food truck Mexican food after some drinks! The food is prepared to order and fast! There are some seats outside of it so you don't have to balance standing up. It's pretty good for a food truck and is posted right outside of a mini mart. The scrolling sign out front will draw you in, but the delicious food will bring you back!
5	yum! burritos and tacos are delicious and great prices. the cook is very nice and will get you anything you need
5	I had never been before but my friends kept raving about Chuy's Tacos. Everything was delicious! This is my new favorite place for Mexican food. Chuy's Tacos has now moved around the corner. The new address is:                                         Chuy's Tacos                                         2201 S Maryland Parkway                                         Las Vegas, Nevada 89104                                         702-722-2261
5	Yuuum!! Delicious Mexican food. The salsas are super good, the service is friendly, and it is very close to where I work. Plus reasonably priced. Love it! This is my new spot.
4	First things first - Chuy has graduated from a food truck to a brick and mortar location:2201 S. Maryland ParkwayLas Vegas, 89104702-336-6631The restaurant is a stand alone building about two blocks away from the old parking spot. It's on the east side of Maryland Parkway on the corner of Exley about a block north of Sahara. Now for the rest of it....The owner Chuy is a very nice guy. He's passionate about his business and strives to provide great service. The food is made quickly and the portions are generous and loaded with flavor. The salsa bar has some spicy and mild selections along with radish and grilled peppers.  I ordered:6 tacos al pastor2 asada multiasIf I recall correctly, the total came to $21.63 or so. This might seem a little steep to some ($2.50 per taco/mulita) but the portions are very generous and the meat is very flavorful. It's also worth noting that Chuy - from what I could see - is no longer offering the smaller size tacos. Also worth noting is that the asada fries come in only one size - big! It's on the higher end at $7.50.     Despite the great service and food, I am left a bit confused. When I look at the pictures from other Yelp reviewers I see the larger tacos filled with guacamole/avacado, sour cream and maybe even cheese? My order had what you would normally get with a taco - meat, cilantro, onion etc. but none of the extras that others had posted.Not sure what's going on with that. I'll need to confirm all of this with Chuy on my next visit and will update this review once everything is understood (I take orders to go so had no idea until I got home).   My only suggestion would be to tighten up the menu and pricing so it all makes sense. Once he does this and also gets the word out about the location change he'll be kicking butt and making tacos. Give it a shot, you'll love it!
1	Ordered 4 tacos and 3 sodas.  I was charged way more than I should have.  The place was dirty at every table. (greasy) the food was nOT good. My wife and Father in law also left more than half their food.  1 start is a generous rating
5	This place is amazing! Very authentic Mexican food. The owner is also one of the chefs, he is super friendly and very hospitable! They started as a food truck around the block and now they have their own location. The food is delicious and feels like mom's cooking.
4	Was searching for breakfast burritos late one morning - just driving around and stumbled into this place - whoever was working (the owner?) made me feel right at home and fixed me up some of the BEST breakfast burritos I've ever had. Things were as big as my forearm! Friendly, delicious and some great creamy habanero sauce... I'll be back every time I'm in Vegas...
5	I stopped by for lunch yesterday and had some birria and taco grande. It's amazing! What I love most is that Chuy is very friendly and really cares about the food that he's cooking and pleasing his customers. And for the price, this is really a treat!
