5	I've been a homeowner in the Chandler area since 1991. Over the years I have been through dozens  of pest control companies. In 2003, I moved to a new home near Ocotillo and McQueen. I soon discovered our area had a serious scorpion problem and although I know they are tough to deal with, I expect a company to tell me the truth. In other words, if you say you can control them, I darn well expect you to do that. Once again, I started the agonizing process of trying and being disappointing by pest control companies. Most of them made big promises but never delivered. Then one day, I was rushing out of my house just as two guys were walking up to pitch me on their pest control service.I asked them two questions:1. Can you get rid of and control scorpions?2. Do you agree that if you can't do what you promise, I shouldn't pay you or be obligated to a contract?They said yes and yes. I tossed my credit card, told them to knock on my door and get the info from my wife cause I was late.That was circa 2009 and I have never regretted that decision. Trey was my technician all those years. An amazing guy. Honest, friendly, goes above and beyond what is expected. He's a real good egg. Now that he has started his own business, I tell EVERYONE I can about him. I've told many of my neighbors about Trey and the smart ones have called him and joined the happy club of pest control paradise. The ones that don't use Trey have ALL had someone in their household bitten by scorpions. Hey, if you are happy with your pest control company, God bless you. It's hard to find, but if you want a guy you can trust, who delivers results and is as friendly and honest as they come, call Trey over at Guaranteed Pest Control. Your satisfaction is HIS Guarantee...and I can tell you with YEARS of personal experience, he never let me down, nor do i expect him too. i don't know how he can do such a great job. Trey has an inspired work ethic and perfectly tuned moral compass.
5	Guaranteed Pest Control is the best. They literally guarantee that you won't see any bugs, and that you will get the best customer service. I've recommended Trey to everyone that I know. My mother in law loves me even more because she was referred to the best pest control company! Big bonus! If you want great customer service and pesky bugs out of your way, call Trey NOW!
5	Never have to worry about bugs, scorpions and pests with Guaranteed. Trey knows his stuff and is great to work with. You won't be disappointed.
5	We have used the services of Trey Boyster of Guaranteed Pest Control for years and have been very happy with the service he provides.  We would recommend him to anyone.
5	Guaranteed Pest Control is the reason that I sleep at night.  I had a scorpion issue and it was a Sunday night.  I called Trey in a panic and he was there to help me.  Since then with regular visits I have not seen another scorpion.  Trey is a family man who takes great care of his customers.  Thank you Trey and Guaranteed Pest Control, YOU ROCK!!!!!
