3	This place is soooo hit and miss! Where is the consistency??? That's all I am asking for!!! The need for a new washer and dryer drove me back this last time around. So, just on a sidenote...I hate spending money on things such as a washer and dryer that will just sit in the garage. I know it's necessary, but it's the concept. It sucks. Kinda like toilet paper...who wants to spend money on that? Enter old grumpy man in charge of selling appliances. After 15 minutes of confusion and being talked down to I left him to have some private time with my dryer...what a bunch of b.s...maybe it was that my hair is too short, or that I was taller than him, or that I was younger than him, or the fact that dared to ask questions, or the fact that I have boobs...who knows...i decided not to bother trying to get appliances at home depot, not from that idiot. Aside from the grumpy man, this home depot is like any other home depot. Solid and cheaper than other home improvement places. The parking lot is a bit chaotic, so brace yourself for that...and other things apparently.
1	Communication issues... Bunch of rednecks around this place. A word of warning. Ask for your credit card back because the cashiers just forget it and then if you call back they pretend to have returned it to you...
2	As Jana described, this location is hit and miss. They seem to move stuff all over the store and an item you think should be in one section, is in a totally different area. It is near impossible to find an employee to point you in the right direction to find what you need. If Lowes was closer, I would rarely come to this store.
4	So I've been to this location only a few times, but thankfully, have had great experiences unlike previous reviewers. The first time I came here looking for paint to match wallpaper I had just put up. I was super intimidated when I parked because of all the huge trucks piled high with lumbar and immigrant workers. I so felt out of place, but sucked it up and walked inside where I was greeted by a friendly employee asking if I needed help finding something, to which I graciously accepted his help and he told me what isle to head down. I took a number and waited about five minutes before I was next at the paint counter. I handed him a sample of the wallpaper and showed him which color I wanted. He then spewed out all these names of paints and types of finishes. It must have been my deer-in-the-headlights-what-the-f-did-he-just-say look because he gave out a chuckle and then went into detail step by step showing me different examples of finishes and what not so I could make a more educated decision as to what I wanted. He was very patient and the color came perfect!My second and third experience here was purchasing Christmas lights with my brother. My brother drove so my insecurity in the parking lot went right out the window due to him having a huge truck. I think guys have a sixth sense for where items are located because he went straight in said "hi" to the greeter who was in the process of offering help and found the holiday light section. I wanted icicles so he grabbed them (or what he thought was icicles), along with a timer because I will not remember to unplug them, and an extension cord. We did the self serve check out and left all within 10 minutes of getting there. So we get home and check out our purchase and realized someone didn't grab icicle lights. After I gave him a hard time, we went back to the store. There were two people in front of us in the return line, the first person was just finishing up and the second person was helped. He had a broken tree without a receipt or identification on the bucket the tree was in saying what type it was and were it was from. "Great, this is going to take forever," I was thinking. Well, the lady at the counter paged someone from the garden section to come and identify what it was, but istead of just waiting to finish with that return, she had the customer step aside so she could help me! Awesome! Quick and easy return as I had my receipt (take note broken tree person)!
5	This review is really for the Home Depot online experience. I needed a new clothes dryer and found a good one at the Home Depot location but when I checked online I found a better one for less money. The ordering process was very straightforward, easy, and quick. They just delivered the dryer this morning and they showed up on time and literally within 15-minutes it was set up, working and they took my old dryer away. Oh by the way, there was no charge for delivery and taking the only one away!
4	A few weeks after I became a homeowner, a friend of mine asked my how many Home Depot runs have I made.  What a great question.  The answer:  Way too many.  Since I purchased my house, I have had countless projects and little tasks I've needed to take care of.  This store gets most of my business since it's the closest hardware store to desert ridge.  And I'm glad it is.  It's a great place to shop.There's always a free employee wondering around that will drop whatever he or she is doing to help me out.  They always tell me that the more expensive item is better, but show me the cheaper items that meet my needs (and that's the one I almost always walk away with).  They also know how to translate my 'I don't really know the proper way to tell you what I need, because I'm a novice at all this stuff' speak, and make sure that I leave with the right materials that I need to get my job done.
2	Terrible customer service. 1.) I went to return something I bought online. The guy was irritated I didn't print out my order confirmation even though I had the packing slips. He repeatedly told me how much longer it takes him to complete the return. I offered to look up the confirmation in my email but he said that wouldn't work because he can't scan it through my phone -- uh really? Starbucks scanners work just fine if you have a digital gift card. I didn't mind waiting the extra 5 minutes it took him to complete the return but he had no problem repeatedly telling me what an inconvenience I was. 2.) I needed help getting a shower head to fit. The first guy was nice but wasn't sure so he referred me to someone else. That guy was rude, condescending, and short. I though Home Depot was supposed to be helpful? 3.) I went to pay and then leave and remembered I parked on the other side of the store. I paused for a second to determine what the best way to exit the store would be (not in the way of anyone, just literally stepped away from the register after paying) and some guy asked me if I had a problem? Uh? I can't just stand here, receipt in hand, for 1 minute? Will not return to this location.
4	I swear I am here every frikkin weekend for one reason or another.  This place, like all the other Home Depots, offers everything under the sun for the home and provides excellent service when you can track down a sales associate.The thing I hate about this place, and I know it probably isn't their fault, is the parking lot.  It is one of the most horrific layouts every conceived.  The perimeter is a maze of bullsht and I almost get in an accident every time.  I would literally slap whoever came up with the design.
1	I've done a lot of online shopping, but my recent experience going through this store is the worst experience I have ever had! We ordered a wine cooler for my son on 12/19/12 as a Christmas present, knowing that it would be a late arrival. We received a couple emails stating that the cooler was in shipment, but we had no means of tracking it. On 1/1/13, we received another email that stated that our order had been "lost of damaged" during shipment and charges on our credit card would be reversed. We re-ordered on the same day and heard nothing for the next 10 days. Today (1/15/13) we called and they said the order still had not been processed and they were blaming it on the vendor. We finally cancelled our order and will go to one of their competitors to order a similar item.
4	The difference between Men and Boy's are the price of thier toys!!!!YES, this is a toy store for big boy's!!!!!!!!!  I could get lost in the tool section for hours, but none the less, this trip I found the staff to be very helpful, unlike other trips, where I complained about the rudeness.
4	Home Depot what is this place? It is full of everything you need when working on your house and then some. I've been coming to this location since they opened and remain a loyal fan. Honey do lists are welcome and treated with importance.This location is pretty good when you need help or advice. You will see the same people working there several years or more. Makes me feel comfortable and gets me in the mood to kick some orange bucket and get something done. Great rental department if you are in a bind and do not want to purchase the equipment. Life savor a few times.Wow. What department do I spend the most time in on a normal visit? I would have to say electrical, plumbing, lumber, painting, garden center and I think the flooring section next.Stop me already. I cannot get out of here without spending a few Franklins. Definitely the place to get your stuffs. Got to get the crew back to work. Me myself and I and maybe a friend or two. Beers on me fellows. I hope we actually get something done. Yikes!
5	The return service here is fantastic. I bought something online and then lost the original box, and I'm not even sure if I had the correct receipt. But the guy at the return desk was awesome. He had to get on the phone and pull some string, and got our return to go through. I knew, going in, that we may not be able to get a return, so I am so thankful for this guy that worked so hard for us. Wish I could remember his name, but everyone there has always been fantastic!
1	My contractor was illegally detained at this location this week.  An overly enthusiastic plain clothes (cop?) with a picture of a badge on his cell phone accused my contractor, and friend of theft (and later changed his tune to say fraud).  With a receipt in his pocket for the roofing materials that he 'stole' that this private dick refused to look at aggressively cuffed him and shoved him around to the back room and interrogated him for well over an hour before Phx Police came on site.  His shoulder was hurt, the cuffs were on so tight circulation was lost in his hands, and all the while a full paid receipt for all the goods was in his pocket.  Right before the police arrived he finally looked at the receipt and said "Its from yesterday you thief!!  You lying thief!!"  This date on the receipt was Sept 5 2013.  Guess what day it was....Sept 5.  Now, the rentacop changes his tune and said " I never said you stole, you are committing fraud"  Once Phx PD was on site, they quickly realized that there was no crime, no theft, no fraud and demanded my contractor be released, which he was.  But he continued to be harassed and threatened by this guy.  they also tried to keep my roofing materials, which the PD wouldnt let them do.  I just bought a house down the street.  I am remodeling it starting with the roof, then the paint, then the flooring, then the bathrooms.  I was set to spend 30-40k at this store in the next 3mos.  now, that money is going to Lowes on FLW down the street.  They screwed up bad.  I have also offered the services of my (very good) attorney to my contractor, and that ball has started to roll.  This went well beyond normal detainment/suspicion and civil action will be prompt.
2	I bought a hedge trimmer, blower/vacuum, and mower. When I got home and opened the box it looked like it had been opened before and later found that it was missing 2 of the 3 attachments. Then I opened the hedge trimmer. There were black marks by the motor and had obviously been used before and refurbished. The mower was fine. So 2 of my 3 items had been previously owned and returned/refurbished. If I wanted refurbished items I would have bought them on eBay for 1/3 of the price.
4	My husband wanted to come in here and check out a jigsaw he saw online. They didn't have the one he wanted so they offered to call another store but they didn't have it either. I didn't know jigsaws were so in demand! Lol, Anyhoo so that was nice of them to try, so we went to check out the Christmas trees in the outside lot. They were beautiful but not as tall as I wanted ours to be, but this location was helpful and if we are in a pinch and in this area we would come back.
5	Like almost every Home Depot, the service is very friendly, helpful and helps you find what you need.  Even over the holidays, this place makes you feel like you are that day's only customer...  The entire staff went above and beyond to help me locate 5 small items, especially Kelly O..
3	Came here recently to do some shopping on dining room lights.  Saw a lot of lights but didn't see anything I like.  So I had to shop somewhere else.  I wonder how much their electricity costs monthly with all the lights lit all day long.
5	I mean come on guys, its Home Depot! So yes obviously they have pretty much any tool imaginable, paint, lumber and all your other home provment needs. I bought 20 5 gallon buckets to play basketpong across a pool, thanks for supporting basketpong home depot. Oh they have really good 'helpers' willing to work cheap conveniently located it all Home Depot parking lots lol
5	It's Home Depot. What more do you need to say. All the people are always helpful and you can almost always find what you are looking for. This location is well stocked and the garden section has great seasonal stuff. I'm here once a week thanks to my dog constantly destroying the yard. Maybe I need to yelp a pet trainer instead.
1	We purchased an extended warranty on a Ryobi trimmer. It was told to us at purchase with this extra warranty just bring it back and we will replace it. Well, that does not work. During the first 3 years you must return it to Ryobi and they will determine if it needs a tune up $80.00 or if it defective. REALLY.  As far as I am concerned, won't start, its defective. The extra fee plan that Home Depot sells you will only work after the 3 year expires, so I would guess you need to wait 3 years and then return to home depot. Makes no sense at all. Meantime, I just buy another and put the junk Ryobi in the shed and wait.
4	I am hoping my credit card does NOT get hacked by this place.  Kinda nervous to be shopping here right now
5	I just moved to the area. I'm planting an herb and flower garden in our backyard. I can't say too many great and amazing things about the service. It's a big box store so my expectations aren't high but this store exceeds in all categories. Emily was my assistant she was amazingly knowledgable, friendly and helpful. Everything from helping me select items to loading them in my car. I could not be more appreciative of her skill and friendly disposition.
5	I was very surprised by how nice everyone was. Usually we go to the one in jersey city and everyone there is so good.
