4	A friend and I got to go to Longhorn's pre-opening lunch before they opened this past Monday (2/24). The overall feel, look, and quality of the restaurant was generally pleasing and we were warmly greeted and seated promptly to our booth. Our waiter Tyler was a delight! And informed us on the days selections and gave us great suggestions. We started the food journey with the grilled white cheddar mushrooms. They were rich and garlicky very yummy! Then for our entree  we both selected the ribeye steaks, each was cooked perfectly medium and juicy with the perfect amount of fat.If you're in need of a good night out ,and don't want to break the bank this longhorn is the way to go. And if you are lucky Tyler will be there to make the night or day even better!!
4	We HAD to check this out the day it opened.  We were waiting patiently!!  The look of this restaurant inside is beautiful!!!  Has a really fun and open kind of feel- much brighter inside then the dull feel in Pineville location.  Everybody we encountered from the hostesses to servers were dressed in smiles and super nice.  I LOVE the fire chicken wraps but I was disappointed they no longer have wing sauce.  Tabasco won't cut it for this girl!!  Would have liked a little more time to chow on our salads before the entrees got to us but they were moving fast probably because they expected a large crowd.  It will definitely be on our go to list for dinner:)
5	I took my daughter here for lunch today and I really enjoyed it.  I had the chopped steak with a loaded baked potato and Caesar salad it was very good I was impressed.  But I guess it was a steak house so it should be good right?  I loved it so much this might be a weekly thing for me until I find something wrong knowing me. But it was really good, the bread was more than I expected not too many places have good bread but it was wonderful.  I got the chocolate stampede to go and I took a bite of it was I got home because I was stuffed at the restaurant. And it's also a wonderful thing, I can't wait to eat the rest of it. I guess I'm so impressed because I've never ate at long horn steakhouse. Not even when it was on abemarle rd, but I truly enjoyed my visit.  The staff was very nice.
4	I've always liked Longhorn, but I believe this to be a cut above! I had the ribeye steak and loaded potato...just scrumptious!  Surely the place to go with a staff that makes this place a nugget of pure gold.
2	2.5 stars. What's good is pretty good (3.5) but the bad was really bad (1) The dramatic looking decor sets the stage but  .... we went there for lunch today, it was busy but not crazy busy. We started by splitting a garlic mussel appetizer. For some reason the runner dropped the bowl of mussels at the other end of the table where no one was sitting and just walked away.  WTF? I retrieved it myself It looked nothing at all like their ad, instead it was a bowl of totally dry and overcooked mussels with a tiny bit of brine at the bottom.  And that tiny bit of sauce tasted like beer and salt water. No butter, absolutely no garlic, NOTHING simply the worst bowl of mussels in my lifetime. Between the two of us we ate half the bowl and gave up. And of course our "I'm too pretty to care" waitress didn't offer to exchange it for anything else. As first impressions go this one really sucked. 1 starMy S.O. ordered the Lobster chowder and Caesar - "no, we have no anchovies", m'kay.  I order the 7 oz flat iron steak, medium rare w/fries ($13) What salad do I want? I didn't know it came with a salad "I'll take the Caesar." A long long long time later the food arrives. They forgot my salad, the steak is pepper rubbed, almost blackened, which I didn't expect. The meat was nice and red and with the rub it tasted great, albeit a little too spicy -medium rare is not long enough to tame this much pepper but since it was just a small portion it was OK. The fries were good too. The heat started to get to me, I got a hold of our waitress about my salad and only then she told me the salad was not included , no sorry, nothing. I told her to forget about it. 3.5 stars for the steak.The chowder tasted of shrimp and corn, not of lobster but it was pretty good and for only $8 I wouldn't expect better - formulaic food from a chain. It came with a few tasty chips on the side, that was nice.3 stars The Caesar that came with it though was simply awful, it had absolutely no bite to it, just some sweet slaw or something, it was so bad it made me wish for the Caesar at Texas Roadhouse instead - and that's no fine restaurant either.2 stars only because the lettuce was fresh. So there you have it : (1+3.5+3+2) = 9.5 /4 just over 2 stars. We were told to come back and see them, apparently we're friends now. Yeah I'd go back for a steak and potatoes.... maybe but that's it I have no faith in their "chef"
4	LongHorn is always consistent wherever you go. Just as good here as in Nashville! Flo's filet is such a great lean cut steak, the Rib Eye can't be beat for a chain restaurant. Staff was good but not anything over the top. Layout of the restaurant was very pleasant. Overall a really nice meal at a decent price.
1	The short story: overcooked, dried out burger, oversalted fries and boring salad. What's there to like?I gave this other place another try for a late lunch - I got there at 2:30pm, there was maybe a half a dozen customers around. I'd said I'd rather sit on a chair than in a booth, I was given a chair .... in a corner, facing the wall, in an empty restaurant.This seems to be the norm in Charlotte and I decided not to worry about it.  All I wanted was a medium rare burger w/ bacon (no cheese) and fries. The waitress says they don't do MR, only medium and I decided to leave. The waitress ran to the kitchen and confirmed that they will accommodate my order. OK, three or four very annoying Dolly Parton songs (I think) later the burger arrives. I gave it one bite and a chunk of dried out ground beef fell out. Sure enough the burger was not MR, M or even MW it was simply well done, as in FU. Zero starsWaiting for the waitress to return I had some of the fries but in spite of my hunger I had to stop because they were waaaay too salty, way more than last time and way more that is healthy.  One starWaitress came, said "that's not m.r." then sent over the manager who asked what I wanted to do. Told her I didn't trust the guy to cook me another burger and I ordered the flat iron steak instead. She also agreed to replace my fries with a house salad with a so called balsamic vinaigrette.   The salad arrives almost immediately and it's ... nothing but tasteless and without interest. I can't believe they would serve a salad like this alongside a $30 steak, it belonged in family restaurant, a cheap one at that. The steak had a pink center (medium) and again rubbed with the pepper sauce which no one asked me about. I ate, paid and left. What can I say about a steakhouse that can't prepare the meat, the salad or the fries right other than "no thanks"?I still had a $25 gift certificate from corporate for the last fiasco that I was saving for a dinner but I chose to give it away rather than eating here ever again.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~4/17 Edit: Longhorn corporate doesn't bother to contact disgruntled customers anymore than their restaurants do.
3	I'm on this rib kick lately, never tried them until Mother's Day now I'm in love. I've only had them at one place and decided to spread my wings and try a new place today.  Well I went to long horn and ordered the ribs at first they were ok, then I realized they were too charred to the point where you couldn't taste the meat unless you put something else in your mouth to get rid of the taste.  Now I'm not a rib expert but I know I don't like the burnt taste I experienced today it was gross.  I guess I should just stick to my other place and not try to adventure out any more.  And it also was laced with fat, yeah yeah I know things being cooked with fat is a wonderful thing but being presented with it is nasty.  Getting a fork full of fat is gross.  But the potato man that was a good tater...lol
4	Great food, usually great servicePricing is higher than you'll get at a small burger joint or something, but that's to be expected with a steakhouse $12-30 for dinnerSteaks are SEASONED, known for bold so if you don't like spice ask for light seasoningFilet is amazing, sooo tender and delicious-I like my steak MW-W so a steak that stays tender at that temp is wonderfulI also like the Flat Iron-tender, flavorful, juicy, and if you get the one topped with a stuffed portabella it is deliciousI don't need steak sauce here!! I always use A1 anywhere else I goSave room for dessert though, because I haven't a couple of times and I'm sad afterwards when I can't get the chocolate stampede or molten lava cakeChocolate stampede-hugeee, full of chocolate, and comes with ice creamMolten-your typical molten, decent size
3	While they did have a gluten free selection the crew did not seem to have good communication. Some items I ordered were missing and had to be reordered. That makes me wonder about whether the gluten free information was clear. No issues after so I guess it was ok. The food was reasonably good but offered no delight beyond the expectation of a competently cooked meal. Maybe if we had not been the last clients....
2	Been there twice and haven't been overly impressed - but the kids like it.  First time i went the steak was WAY to peppery.  Had a chicken dish the next time and the  first bite was full of fat.  Wife had a chicken/strawberry salad and the bottom of the bowl was  swimming in dressing.   Service was very slow the second time....wasn't crowded and still waited 30 mins for food once ordered.  Waitress second time was very 'bleh'.  First time I went the waitress was far betterKids (teenagers) said the burger was good and the filet was good (tasted both...and they were right)
2	Food was good. Service was extremely slow. My friend and I arrived at 5:40 with our children. The restaurant was fairly empty when we arrived. We waited 5-10 minutes before a server came to our table to take our drink order. The server that took our drink order informed us that our server was very busy and he was helping him out. We also gave an appetizer order to this server when he returned with our drinks. At 6:15 our appetizer finally arrived and was delivered by our actual server (who didn't even bother to introduce himself or apologize for not being at our table earlier). We ordered our food and it was delivered by another server. Our server eventually checked in to see how our food was. The manager checked in with our table and we mistakenly said everything was fine (giving our server the benefit of the doubt that he was busy). We finished our meals and wait at least 10 minutes before flagging down another server for a box and our check. Our server finally showed up and gave us our check. We requested a coupon be taken off the check and our checks split - th is process seemed to take awhile. Finally we had our checks and we're ready to pay, suddenly our server was right on top of things ready to accept our payment (at this point the restaurant was actually busy).  Asked to see the manager on the way out to share our experience.  Began my conversation wi th him by saying "I really should have said some thing to you earlier when you stopped by our table".  He half apologized, made a point to say "you should have said something earlier) and said he would talk to the server.  Overall I was very disappointed in the service and the managers response.
2	Our experience here was mediocre.  The food was okay and the service was lacking.  There seems to be a disconnect between the servers and the runners of the food.  We had a party of 4 and each of us ordered.  A different person (not our server) brought out our food and interrupted our conversation to ask everyone what they had ordered while holding the plates.  I can't stand that!As we fumbled to remember what we each ordered, he handed my husband his plate.  He had ordered a flank steak but got a sirloin.  The server insisted it was flank steak.  My husband used to be a chef, it was not flank steak!  I ordered my filet rare and it came out medium.  I was going to send it back but decided to just eat it rather than wait for another steak.  After the meal most of our dirty dishes were collected, but not all of them.  After getting tired of staring at the remaining dirty dishes we put them on the empty table next to us. We had to flag down the server for dessert and coffee.  As we were waiting for our dessert and coffee, another server (a runner) tried to deliver us 2 dinner plates!  Couldn't he see that we were a party of 4, not 2 and that we were done eating?!  The management needs to ensure the runners know what tables they are delivering food to and what each guest is having.  We won't be back, Texas Roadhouse is MUCH better and less expensive.
2	Went there for lunch yesterday, food was ok, service was lacking, server forgot our soup and fries, had to ask for them, never refilled my tea. Will not be going back.
5	Absolutely fantastic experience at this location! Lauren W gave great service, including menu recommendations, and made sure we had what we needed for a great meal. The food was prepared as ordered and the temperature was just right! I will be returning to this location.
5	We went here last week for a Yelp Elite event and it was so amazing, so since we lived right down the road, I thought I would take my husband back for dinner after shopping with me all day!  We went in and it was suprisingly crowded for a Sunday.  We sat at the bar and our bartender Jasmine was so welcoming and sweet!  We started with the appetizer sampler and it came with stuffed shrooms, chicken roll up things, and fried shrimp.  It was all delicious but I think the mushrooms were my favorite!  We then moved to the wedge salad, which is delicioussss!  Their blue cheese is home made and you can tell a huge difference!  Their steaks are delicious and seasoned wonderfully.  I also had a nice glass of cab with dinner (and extra 2 dollars and you can get 3 more ounces!)  Overall it was a wonderful dinner and Jasmine enhanced our whole experience.  With her adorable southern accent and her professional attitude while dealing with a....difficult customer...A really great steakhouse option that is close by and really making a splash in the Matthews area.
1	Bad bad bad service. Stood at the bar for 10 minutes and still never got acknowledged. Some of the most absent minded bar service there is. Food is not worth the price. I know it's a chain but they could do so much better. Chains usually mean some sort of consistently. Not here. Cross it off your list.
