5	Celebrity Tanning is one of the only salons in the valley that does the Mystic HD. Their prices are very competitive and this particular location is really convenient for me. I appreciate the staff because they girls are always fairly friendly and the owner always makes sure I'm getting the best deals through the use of the best deals/promotions etc. I only do the Mystic so I can't say anything about the beds, but I always have a good experience here!
1	If you buy a Groupon for here, buy at your own risk!!! They have refused to accept them and won't even offer to use the purchased price towards any if their packages. Groupon will NOT refund your money either.
4	Nice staff, clean, decent prices.
5	Not sure what Heather E is talking about, sounds like a fake review to me. I went my first time to use a groupon - mystic hd is hard to find especially at their prices so I was excited about the groupon. Had no problems at all redeeming and have continued going back since because their regular prices are competitive and it's clean and the staff is friendly. Can't ask for much more.
4	Nice and clean tanning. Mystic are the old box misters and you cannot hear the lady instructing you what to do but I've used them before so it's not a big deal to me. The store on Indian School has the new open spray Mystics and I wish this one did. That's my only complaint. Staff is super friendly and tanning beds service all your needs from stand up to lay down and the high pressure beds. Owner/manager was nice enough to extend my expired Mystics. That was great customer service!
2	I've gone to the Val Vista location for a few years and although I like the mystic tan...the machines are old. The instruction voice is Muffled, the towels are ragged, and the floor is gross and wet and the doors on the booths don't close. However, the gals are friendly. For that I gave them 2 stars.
3	I got a spray tan here that was pretty great. However, their stand-up spray booth is disgusting!  The floor is constantly wet and you have to step into this booth that other people just stepped out of with their bare feet and their is minimal cleaning between clients. I've have booth spray tans before so I knew to take a bottle of Lysol with me and I used like 4 of their towels on the fool wherever I stepped, even inside the tanning booth.  I can't complain too much about it tho since they were having a $10 spray tan special so you really can't beat the price if you don't mind getting athletes foot. They accept walk-ins but its better to make an appt since the people that had walked in before me had to wait,  while I went ahead into the booth.
5	This is my fiance's #1 favorite location, and my 2nd fav CT location! Room #1 is the best bed imo! :) Front desk is SUPER nice!
