3	I'm not really sure if I like this place. Everything is just standard. Sofas, seats and group hugging booths ensure a relaxed and potentially cosy atmosphere and coal fire is quaint. The drinks and food are standard too, no unique ales or unusual concoctions to tempt me.And the name? a total mystery...
3	For some reason I had such high expectations of this place - i think it might have been the really odd and unique name, but it just goes to show that you cant judge a book by its cover.Frankly, i was dissapointed. It was just your average common or garden public house - nothing too special and not exactly offering great value for money. The staff were friendly enough and I did have an alright time in the relaxed and cozy atmosphere, but it was just a little bit of a let down that i couldnt ignore.
3	I actually wanted to give this place 2 & 1/2 stars, mainly because I can't decide whether it makes me go meh or if it's actually A-OK. The Illicit Still has always been my back-up Tollcross pub, i.e. I come here when the Brauhaus is jam-packed (which happens more often than not) and Cloisters is overflowing, and the Blue Blazer hasn't got a square foot of space to stand in. Yeah, that's kind of when I turn to the Illicit Still. I mean, it's not all bad. There's free comedy once a week. The seats are comfy. I can't really remember my experience with the staff, but I'm sure they're decent. They have an OK range of beers and wines. I can't at all recall what kind of music they play, but they sometimes have a silenced film showing on TV with subtitles that don't quite match. The goods are: they are possibly the only place in Edinburgh that doesn't charge you an arm, a leg and all your fingers and toes for a pint of Hoegaarden. At the Earl, a Hoegaarden is 4.50. At the Illicit Still it's under 4 pounds. Which is OK. For Hoegaarden. Also, they have an outside bit where you can enjoy a fag or hang in damp Scottish summer air. The best bit for me, though, is that they have board games. Some time ago I discovered the board game Frustration or something like that. It's kinda fun to grab a pint over a board game. Calms the nerves. Less chance of objects getting hurled at your head.
4	When I was tired the other day, I nipped in here for a quick drink. I used to be quite insecure about drinking alone, but nowadays I relish the peace, and read a book if the settings allow for that kind of serenity.Thus I liked the Illicit Still. Initially when I stumbled upon this place, I couldn't recognize it, although I had the vague recollection of being here before. As I contemplated why I recognized this region, I remember that not only had I been to neighbouring restaurant My Big Fat Greek Kitchen a few months back, but also my ex's sister used to stay round these parts (basically in "the pubic triangle" - lucky her).So it was nice reflecting on a bit of nostalgia as I sipped my decent and cheaply priced pint of beer. I had spent a few good nights out in this area when I was a bit younger, and this pub seems like one of the better ones to visit in the area if my memory serves me right. I can't remember how long this palce has been around, but these days it's a fairly modern, laid back kind of place. They have an alright selection of booze on tap, it's nicely decorated inside and they do free comedy once every week.I can see why the other reviewers can't make up their minds about how much they like The Illicit Still - it's doesn't blind you with unique booze or decor - but places like this are very necessary for a bit of downtime. That's what I acheived, and would recommend it since it's a bit more authentic than the tourist traps towards the high street!
4	Reopened as of 2007, the Illicit Still is a pub "contemporary in nature but with traditional standards", serving the busy Tollcross area.Not as popular as the likes of Cloisters up the road, I walked past the Still many a time before actually popping in, and I always thought it looked a bit unappealing. However I've now been in on several occasions as this place has become a common place for my Kung Fu school to drop into after class on a Friday.The Still might not offer anything fancy or unique, but its a decent and honest pub. I've always found everyone to be friendly and the staff helpful. Other than the bar, the seating can be quite intimate, with quite a lot of room, but all based around a few tables.I used to visit Cloisters quite a lot when I lived locally but I became fed up with the sheer volume of people and knowing there was always a high chance I would never get a seat all evening. The Still doesn't have quite the same atmosphere, but it makes a perfectly adequate alternative.
