4	An appropriate review for 4/20 if there was ever one!I'll be honest, I've never shopped here for the tobacco selection...the pipe portion is what has always caught the attention and taken the cash. The handful of pieces I've held that were procured from here were all top notch! Nicely designed, thick glassed, and very fairly priced. The staff have always been very nice and will let you examine anything and everything your little smokey heart desires.Nice designs are important so you can gaze upon something visually stimulating in between sessions. Thick glass is important because smokers tend to be a little more clumsy and butterfingered than the average citizen. And fair prices...well no one can argue with that.My old roomie got Dr Evil from here: a 3 foot lung-assassinating tube that sent his enemies to either the closest located Big Boy Burger or to a tank sporting sharks with frickin' laser beams attached to their frickin' heads.So if you're shopping for pipes, papers, bubblers, or death tubes, come here. The Dude knows a good piece, and Mr Bill's delivers!
3	Small selection but a good attitude
5	A real fine shop ! Very complete....Great tobaccos ! I was very impressed ....Great humidor and cigar selection...!
5	What a cool store!  And two thumbs WAY UP for Daniel Marshall for his great customer service!!!!!! Mr. Bill's is now high up on my "must visit" list!
5	Even though this place is further away from me than the other Mr. Bill's (which I gave 4-stars), this place gets 5-stars.The layout of the store is virtually identical to the other one, and it's got roughly the same inventory, but the gentleman that works in this place is older, thus much more knowledgeable about cigars.Not that I need advice on cigars, but his all around management of the store is excellent, and he is very friendly (to me at least).When I go in there to buy cigars, I inevitably strike up a conversation with him.Of course, if you're not as sociable as I, and you know about cigars, and you just want to run in and out, then the places are identicalI'll give you an example of the difference in management between the two places:Lately, I've been buying many more cigars than usual (to my wife's chagrin).When you buy 5 or more cigars, they give you a 10% discount.At the one near my house, when I buy less than 5 cigars, they of course, don't give me the discount, which is fine by me.However, when I go to this place, and I buy less than 5 cigars, the manager still gives me the discount, because he knows how much business I give him. We're not talking about a lot of money, but a little gesture like that, is very nice...and it's good business practice.Business practices like that are becoming extinct.The kids in the other place haven't learned about that kind of service, yet.So, the extra star for this place is purely for it's management.I've been driving the extra 10 minutes just to give business to this place.Even when I buy more than 5 cigars, I will still drive the extra distance.That speaks volumes.
