5	Bet Pierogies around!! Great traditional Pierogies as well as plenty of creative offerings!!! Want somehting really creative, try the PIErogies.....Like cherry cheesecake, or Bavarian cream!! OMG!! Just try them once and you'll be hooked!!!
5	Great friendly service and awesome food with abundant and creative selections! I highly recommend Cop Out Pierogies!! And my dog loved the seafood ones, as he got into them on our way home...
5	Carl saved the day!I had someone from out of town who never had pierogies before. I went on a wild goose chase looking for the best pierogies and Cop Out was my go to place! When the initial call was made to order the food, Carl's daughter answered the phone, I told her my situation, she asked "dad" if he could help and there was zero hesitation! Carl informed me that he would indeed help me out, complete the order & cook the pierogies for me. As I entered cop out it was a father daughter team in a kitchen cooking pierogies, not what I expected but I was happy to see it. As soon as I walked in Carl approached me with a hot off the skillet pierogie in a paper towel and told me this was a sample of what I would receive. I ordered a dozen of potato, cheddar & jalapeno (A cop out dozen is 14!) Not only did I receive excellent phone service, got a pierogie while I was waiting but I also got a few extra uncooked pierogies to take home for later with instructions all for under $10. This place is just awesome, I wish every business was still run this way. These pierogies were excellent and worth the drive, awesome homemade everything. Taste - 5/5Staff - 5/5Helpfulness - 5/5Selections - 5/5Price - 5/5Highly recommended!!! Thanks Carl!!!
5	Let me just preface this review by saying that I have never liked pierogies before. I have tried them time and time again, and just have never liked them. But my life has now been changed by Carl and his wife, who are some of the nicest shop-owners we have ever met. Their pierogies and haluski were to-die-for when we ate them in the store. Carl whipped a few up for us to try - we tried the cherry cheesecake (INCREDIBLE), chicken parm, and haluski. Absolutely amazing. We bought a whole bunch and cooked some of them up. They didn't taste quite as yummy as they did when Carl prepared them...the dough was very thick. I'm not sure if I did something wrong or if the ones he prepared were fresh rather than frozen, but I will definitely go back and try them again next time I'm in town! For the time being, I'd suggest having him whip them up for you - they were awfully tasty.
5	Great pierogies and the people are super nice. I have had pierogies from all over Pittsburgh and this place is as good as or better than anywhere else.
5	Love the pierogies! Very yummy! The people are super friendly too. I'm glad I found them. They are close to home and everything tastes great
5	This place was the friendliest place you could possibly hope for. The pierogies are takeout so you have to cook them but once you do, foodgasm. We were given samples of the cherry cheesecake pierogies while we were deciding and ended up coming home with chicken Marsala, buffalo chicken, breakfast, and macaroni and cheese. We cooked a few of each and they were absolutely delicious. We will be going back next weekend to try some new flavors.
5	The best.  Simply fantastic.  Definitely going back.Only open a few hours a week but do yourself a favor and sync your schedule with there's and get down there.
5	Hidden gem alert! This adorable little shop tucked into the main street of the oft-overlooked neighborhood of Etna is pierogie heaven. The shop itself is very small, consisting of a long counter for ordering, and a few tables for dining in (note: the dine-in hours are very limited, as are the hours in general, so be sure to check before you go). It seems to mostly do take out business for their frozen pierogies. They sell them in a "cop's dozen" (14 to a pack), with tons of flavors to choose from, ranging from the traditional (e.g., potato and cheese) to the modern (e.g., buffalo chicken, Thanksgiving dinner). Prices are very reasonable, ranging from $7.25 to $9.25 for the cop's dozen.We opted to buy three flavors -- potato and cheese, chicken parm, and pepper butt (made with horseradish and pork butt from Parma in the Strip). We took our sacks of loot home and immediately cooked a few up. These are the real deal, people! The pierogie shells were perfectly tender, silken, and chewy without being too thick or doughy. There were generous amounts of flavorful fillings in each. The potato filling was smooth and delightfully cheesy in the traditional pierogies, while the chicken parm filling tasted remarkably like chicken parm! Lots of chicken, tomato sauce and cheese oozing out of each one. Delicious! I didn't try the pepper butt pierogie, but my husband simply kept repeating, "Oh WOW," as he was devouring those, so I'm pretty sure they were a winner as well. I could definitely taste the homemade love baked into each one of these.Our in-store experience was everything I love about supporting small businesses. The owner's wife helped us out, and she was wonderfully chatty and friendly, talking about her family, the neighborhood, and, of course, the pieorgies. Such a great experience. She even threw in a couple of extra free pierogies that were 'broken leftovers' so we could try another flavor (reuben) at home. So sweet!! I do sort of wish that they sold their pierogies individually so that you could try all of their flavors without committing to an entire dozen. But since they mostly do frozen take out, I can see logistically why they don't. The owner's wife did say they are trying to expand into the store next door so they can be more of a restaurant, and I hope it works out for them!They definitely have a fan in me, and I will be back next time I need to get my pierogie fix!
5	Carl Funtal is quite possibly the nicest human being to ever run a business! We tasted the most phenomenal dessert pierogies and he was happy to answer all 100 of our questions. Best 'rogies in the Burgh!
4	Used the Yelp offer - what a great deal.  I attempted to go to Cop Out twice before successfully going on a Saturday afternoon.  The people there are delightful.  Also, I had in my head that Etna was kind of far away, but it is like, five minutes from Lawrenceville.  Totally worth it regardless.The standard potato and cheese were lovely.  You get 14 in a batch and I feel like they are bigger than Piergoies Plus (which has burned me one too many times).  They have great flavors like pilgrim (like a gobblerito in a pierogie), hot sausage, bacon bleu cheese, blueberry cheesecake, and other crazy goodness.This will be my new stop for pierogies when I get them for my sister who lives out east.
5	I'm so glad I found this place! I just moved to Pittsburgh a few months ago and saw this place on yelp while looking up things to do and eat around the city. I even got a great coupon!It took me a few weeks to line up my schedule with theirs, but it was so worth it when I did. The owner's wife took care of me. She was super sweet and friendly, explaining how to cook the pierogies as well as giving me a set of printed instructions. I've never made/had pierogies before so this was very much appreciated! I was a few dollars short (bring cash!!) and instead of waiting for me to run around to find an ATM, she told me take them and when I protested she said "just come back to visit". With service like that, how could you not?! The pierogies themselves perfectly complimented the spectacular service. I cooked them later that day for myself and a guest. We tried the buffalo chicken, Reuben, and lekvar (plum--tasted like a date paste) flavors. So. Good. The Reuben was my favorite but I have a feeling there's no such thing as a bad choice here!I'll have to stop in to try more flavors and keep my promise. I think I'll even bring some home for the holidays!
5	Amazing experience! My friends were visiting from Indianapolis and Long Island and they wanted pierogies. I live about five minutes away from this place that is truly unique to Pittsburgh. We all bought several dozen to take home.  (14 pierogies in a dozen!) While we were waiting for his sweet and wonderfully friendly wife to grab our pierogies, Carl Funtal brought us out hot, buttery pierogies to eat: spinach and feta (amazing) and the pilgrim which is Thanksgiving dinner in a perfect pierogie. They went far out of their way to pack up my friends' frozen pierogies in Styrofoam coolers with cold packs! Who does that??? What a hidden treasure this place is!
5	Gluten free flavors and selection are amazing! The rest of the family love the (non gluten free) dessert and the pot pie pierogies. The owners are always so friendly and helpful. We've come back almost every week for new orders-from the south hills. Definitely recommend!
