3	These styles are so hot and unique to anything else I have ever seen in Las Vegas. All clothes have this sharp tailored, hand made look to it. They have menswear, womenswear, children's clothing and accessories. The store is designed well allowing enough space to walk through comfortably. It's clean and big and full of artful designs. I really had a hard time walking out of the store the first time because everything was so beautiful. Expensive, but beautiful. I've been there twice in two days now and I have two negative points. The service is horrible. Maybe the staff is busy keeping the store clean or ringing up at the register, but I don't think so. On both visits I was never approached by salesperson. Even when I wanted to try on a pair of $400 boots I was sold on. Little things like not helping me make it easy for me to rethink spontaneous shopping splurges. I was happy to buy a beautiful shirt for a friend only to discover when I went to the website the next day everything is 50% off online! This just irritated me so much. Needless to say I am making a third trip to the actual store to return it and wait for the one I ordered online to give it to my friend. Ugh. The clothing itself is so fashion forward and well made it truly deserves five stars, but with the hassle of parking in a big hotel, lack of personable sales persons will only lead me to shopping these designs on their website.
4	Yet another British brand to invade Las Vegas.Pretty dreiry (sp?) color scheme but, amazing clothes, textures, and styles. Their boot/shoe section for women was to die for. Very street and edgy. Doc Marten-y.To search for products, they have iPads as search tools throughout the store.Prices are pretty steep --- like you'd have to win the mega bucks to buy a scarf. Alas, guess that's the price you pay for the name.
5	Fashion-Forward * Edge-Wise * En-VogueAllSaints had me at the vintage sewing machines display, I got so lost in the steam punk decor style, I forgot to look at the clothes (a confession from the fashion addict about to invade the guest closet in her house).  Hours donated by me to my Canon photographing every crook and cranny of the store: the industrial-chic stage lights' vantage view from the ceiling to the stained bathroom tiles lining the dressing rooms.  Love is this right here: style renegades in the city that nurses silicone and calls it fashion.Of course then the clothes happened to me, in visions of alluring sales girls dressed in silk dresses and combat boots.  Any Vegas store with the bravado to put its women in silk dresses and combat boots owns me.  In my fantasy, there is a third-generation quiet English sartorialist who tailors all these clothes, patiently and nervously, in his second-floor loft in Nottinghill. AllSaints is not cheap, like a charming stranger who turns emotionally unavailable after your life-changing tryst.  Somehow you want to pay for it, even if that means selling your soul, or just that classic Chanel your mother gave you.
4	The clothes are dope but I have to take it a star down for being a chain. They have some really awesome takes and cuts on the clothes. Its essentially a hipster abercrombie and fitch.
5	This clothing store has Greta products for both men and women. You cN tell it's good quality clothing and shoes. Go check it out.
5	Part bohemian hippie, part British rocker chick.  This store has unique designs that you can normally only find in the UK.  The cardigans are some of the best in the US, with asymmetrical hemlines, shredded sleeves, and exposed stitching.  The t-shirts are splendidly oversized and have billowy form.  It's on the spendy side, with most shirts $70 and up and dresses $125 and up. However, you will not find these types of designs anywhere else and honestly for the construction/material you get what you pay for in this realm.
4	The designs in this store are indeed very unique. If you get something here it's unlikely people will have seen it elsewhere.I'm really writing today, however, to express how much I appreciated their customer service. On a recent trip to Vegas I bought a cardigan on sale, only to find a hole in it when I got back home. I was of course pretty annoyed. I actually YouTubed videos on how to patch holes in sweaters, even though I knew I wasn't ever going to do that. So I called the store instead to see if there's anything they could do, really not expecting them to be able to do much about it.Trisha at the store took my call and told me to send it back with a receipt and she will ship out a replacement. I was relieved but also a little dubious as I have never done this with a store before, but I sent it back via Priority. Trisha contacted me to let me know there was a hole in the only other one in my size left in the store and that she had contacted a store in Chicago to ship out another one in my size. Once they got it they shipped it out to me, and now I have a perfect cardigan :-)I was really pleasantly surprised by how much customer service they provided on an item that was on sale/clearance. I really appreciated Trisha's help. She definitely went above and beyond.
5	One of my favs, this store has great clothing n pricing is really good.  The ppl that work at the Vegas store and the Seattle store are so helpful.
5	Most of my All Saints time has been racked up in the LA area.  Both the southern California stores and the Vegas one sport some pretty excellent (hip, unique) clothing, but I have to give the Vegas store a 5-star review for great customer service.  One of the assistant managers went out of her way to help me coordinate the purchase of a pair of apparently-discontinued boots which I'd tried to pick up at the Santa Monica location but hadn't been able to get in my size.  The Vegas store had a pair; the manager was very friendly and helped me to coordinate the transaction from LA.  Sure, a sale's a sale, but I really appreciated the service!
4	I thought that the decor of this place was by far one of the coolest I have seen in any of my travels. The windows are lined with old school vintage sewing machines. The tables look like distressed sewing and craft tables.For just a quick glance in the store the selection was top notch and the quality of the leather for the shoes was outstanding.
5	Favorite store hands down! Had to return something,no problem. They even helped select replacement. Better selection of shoes in Las Vegas store than in New York store. Too bad the store is so hidden away.
5	This store is amazing. I want to own one of everything inside. Its an expensive, upscale store with fun, flirty and unique pieces that would be a valued addition to any wardrobe. The staff is friendly and helpful, and I LOVE the sewing machine decor. Its also right by The Chandelier bar, so you can get a cocktail after shopping.
4	Rad boutique!  It personifies the stevie and don henley song leather and lace.Lots of sumptuous soft cashmere and silk mixed with awesome leather jackets, pants, skirts etc.  The color palate is muted and dark, not really me, but very cool store none the less.  Sale stuff is affordable and plentiful.
4	This review is based on the product and not the service since I help myself when I shop Pros:Great selection of chinosLeather goodsQualityPrice for quality TrendyFitCons:It's in the Cosmopolitan
5	AllSaints in The Cosmopolitan is one of the best AllSaints stores I've visited. The store in the Forum Shops is terrible, don't go there. I only will shop at the store in The Cosmopolitan now. The manager Rachel has gone above and beyond helping me find a new leather jacket because they one I bought in the Forum Shops store is damaged.  The staff is also very attentive and helps style as well as provide customer service. The difference from this store and the one in the Forum shops is night and day. I truly appreciate all the help I've received from the staff at this AllSaints and will never buy anything from any other location.
