5	Unlike the ongoing soap opera that involves us trying to get our Nissan problems solved, we have a great mechanic for our Honda.  The folks at Compact Car Service do a bang-up job keeping us reminded of when it needs to come in for service, and when something does go wrong, they do an excellent job of fixing it.For a vehicle that is more than ten years old and approaching 150K miles, they don't seem to have a problem working on it - not that they should, but they don't bat an eye, are very friendly, and the prices aren't bad either.  I love these guys!
5	I have been really happy with the service at Compact Car, but there was one thing that was always at the back of my mind - their waiting room really sucked.  It wasn't enough to keep me from giving them a fifth star, because I've always been happy with their service, but it was really bad.Well the last time I was there, I was amazed to find out that they had done some work to the place.  No more do you have to cram yourself into the front room (about the size of a small coat closet) or hang out in the back (maybe a walk-in closet).  They have apparently done some remodeling and now there is a spacious waiting area with the vending machines, a bookcase - with books - and they even offer wifi.  Sweet.
5	Always great service.  I never feel like they are trying to take advantage of me.
5	From the time my parents moved to Charlotte in the early 80's, until they moved in 2001, they brought their cars here. Any time  I was in town, I always did the same. There are several reasons for that.After moving back to Charlotte a couple of weeks ago from the West Coast, I heard a funny noise coming from the rear axle of my '05 S2000. Even though it's clear on the other side of town from where I'm living, my first thought was to take her over to Compact Car to check it out. Even though I walked in during a pretty busy afternoon, I was helped promptly by a service tech, who knew exactly what questions to ask about any other problems I'd had with the car, and inside of half an hour he was pulling it back up in front of the waiting area.The diagnosis was what I had pretty much suspected- a loose axle nut- and when I asked him how much I owed him, he shrugged and said not to worry about it. This is how customer service is supposed to be done, and needless to say I'll be bringing my baby back there for an oil change next week. Honest folks, more than fair prices, and quality of work. That's why my family's been going to Compact Car for 20+ years, and as long as I'm in NC, they'll work on any Hondas that I own.One more thing: I just called here to schedule more service on my car, and they had me in their computer system from the last time I had a car worked on by them- TEN YEARS AGO. Now that's dedication in my book.
5	Compact Cars is awesome. Friendly, real people who aren't in the business of screwing you by performing work that isn't necessary. These guys rock.
5	If you own a Honda/Acura go here. Seriously. Just go. Hands down best in charlotte. Ever.
5	This is the most awesome place to get your car serviced if you have a Honda/Acura!  They are knowledgeable, friendly, do great work, and don't price gouge.  I got to where I would not take my car to be serviced as a woman, because I was always taken advantage of.  Compact Car Service has proven to me time and time again that they can be trusted.  We thought we needed new brakes 6 months ago and they told us we still had some time on them.  They could have easily sold us new brakes and we would have never known.  Recently both of our Acuras have been having problems and they have worked with us to figure out the problem BEFORE having us spend a lot of money to do something they think "might" be the problem.  They have spent a lot of time on our cars, but until they find the problem, they haven't charged us.  I don't know anywhere else in Charlotte that would have done that.  They are good, honest, hard workers who don't take short cuts and don't sell you things you don't need.  I didn't think a car service place was out there like this.  We are so thankful we found such a wonderful place to take our cars.  Keep up the good work Compact Car Service!!!
5	This is how your mechanic should be. Honest, friendly, with fair prices. I am a new customer here, just got back home from my 3rd visit here over the last 6 months. This time it was just a simple oil and transmission fluid change, and a battery/alternator check.I love how they come out to the waiting area and teach you about how your car works. It is like they are a surgeon and they are telling you the pros/cons of what needs to be done.There is also no pressure to get services done to your vehicle. They will tell you honestly if something needs to be fixed asap, or if it can wait. So far, they have saved me about $300 over what Metro Honda was going to charge me for the same services. They also gave me the option to use Honda parts or 3rd party on a previous issue, which is great because I prefer to use Honda parts. I have no worries when bringing my car here. I know they are going to quote me a fair price, and the work perform is going to be at a higher level than any other place in town.
