4	I am writing this review purely on the initial exam I just went to today.I am 29 and haven't been to the dentist since I was 10. I have felt pain in my gums and teeth for the last year, but I don't have dental and have been putting off a trip to the dentist due to financial reasons. I called a bunch of dentists offices over the weekend and left a message explaining my financial situation and my dire need to see a dentist. Out of the 6 I called only All About Smiles called back. They said their exam (along with x rays) was only $25. They also said they have discounted prices for the uninsured. Score!The receptionist and dental assistant were very nice. The dentist Dr. Phan was very sweet, gentle, and completely put me at ease. She took her time with me and explained every little detail. She understood my financial situation and ranked my work to be done in priority. I truly felt like she cared.The prices they have for uninsured are very good, comparable to what they would be if I had dental insurance. The only downfall is I wish they had more hours! They are only open Monday through Wednesday 9-5 and one Saturday a month. It makes it difficult for me to get in with my work schedule.Otherwise, I am so happy and relieved I found Dr. Phan.
2	Sadly, I had to change my review of All About Smiles. I mentioned in my previous review that they have very limited hours. And they are kind of far for me as well. So I found a dentist closer to me that has early morning hours. Not because of the quality of care I had at All About Smiles. I really liked Dr. Phan. It was just impossible for me to get their with my work schedule.At my initial exam with my new dentist, he asked if I got X-rays at All About Smiles. I did, so he had his receptionist call them to see if they can email or fax them over to save me some money. They said they could only mail them. A week later they still didn't receive the X-rays in the mail. They tried another time and still didn't get them. I am tempted to drive over there myself and get them, but instead I am just going to shell out some more dough to get them done at my new dentist's office. I was going to give one star for this awful customer service but I really like Dr. Phan. She needs to get some better office help. I should have known by how the receptionist was singing along very loudly to the radio in the waiting room that this office lacked professionalism.
4	Haven't been to the dentist in years.  This place made me feel right at home.  Receptionist was very helpful since my insurance had not sent over paperwork yet.  She waited on hold with them for about ten minutes and got everything squared away.  Everyone was very nice and did not seem to mind all my questions and anxiety.  Not so scared to go back to the dentist now.  Will definately recommend them.
5	I have been going to this dentist for 10 years, moved away and came back always to All About Smiles, they are the only place I will allow to take care of my teeth :-). I have such a great relationship with them, they are always professional and Dr. Phan is awesome!!!
5	Best Dentist I have ever been to.  Friendly yet professional.  Dr, Phan is awesome ;-)
