1	****WARNING****Below is my original review, which after today's experience  I was going to delete. I've kept it to show how good it can be. Today I decided to order, having had 2 exceptional experiences after the first visit which I said "I'd never eat at that place again" I've now returned to that opinion.If you're going to sell beef ribs, they have to be good. If I wanted to gnaw chewy fatty garbage I wouldn't order them. Further dear restaurant operator, using "the meat comes that way from the supplier" as your excuse is a weak, stupid and disrespectful position. I would tell anyone who wants ribs, this isn't the place to get them, and the fact that they have such poor quality control (you might want to try tasting your food) suggests that they should perhaps choose another business.Original review:I am writing this review as I am still pleasantly surprised. It's my experience that over time restaurants get worse, not better. In late winter I first went to this place, and as much as I wanted to love it, the ribs were not good. I had pork ribs (my favourite) and they were dry. Fast forward to now, and I decided tonight I wanted Ribs, and I would go to any length to get them. As long as it didn't require me leaving my apartment. So I took a chance and went back, where I had gone before.Firstly, if you're in their hood, delivery is fricking lightning fast. I swear it was under 15 minutes from ordering to my door. Now the good part... ready... ok. Its 4:23am, I have a half a rack in my fridge, and as soon as I finish writing this, they'll be gone.nuff said
4	Wonderful beef ribs, good service. What the heck more do you want? There are very few places in Montreal where you can get really good beef ribs. Well, this is one. And the roasted potatoes are great!
1	Partner had a Po-Boy and 2 wings. I had a roast beef sandwich and a "lemon pie".The Good: They were true to their word with no nuked or frozen anything. The meat in the sandwiches was moist and tender. The buns were fresh. Once you got to the bottom of the coleslaw container it was actually quite good. My roast potatoes were ok (quite bland though) and partner's fries were good. The BBQ dipping sauce was quite nice.The Bad: The mushroom condiment was so peppery as to be off-putting. The onion condiment was relatively tasteless. All the other condiments were either too vinegary or peppers. Partner had to add quite a bit of Tabasco to the wings even though the hottest sauce was asked for. I asked for "a little bit" of sauce  but the counter-person slathered my bun with it. The coleslaw is served in pre-prepared plastic cups and, therefore, the top part was dry and flavourless. My roast potatoes really needed the BBQ dipping sauce to taste like much. The only dessert available was individually plastic boxed slices of a "lemon pie" with no meringue but a factory piped "cream" top that took me 3 forkfuls before I could taste any lemon flavour. Only water available is 1 type of bottled water.The Ugly: The 3rd thing they promise is no "friture". If french fries aren't fried then what are they? Seriously people; get it together. Only 1 of the 3 staff seemed to know what was going on and that one didn't look like she cared. Also, she started preparing my partner's order before even taking mine (or acknowledging my presence) even though we standing at the counter side by side. Except for 2 uncomfortable benches that are right in front of the ordering counter that can seat 5 at most, the other 25 seats in the place are all extra tall wooden chairs. For short folk like me it's a nightmare and the tall chairs tend to wobble if you are a person of size. There are hanging lamps right in front of the menu board that make it difficult to see, and the design of the place, in general, is a hot mess - way too crowded.The Downright Disastrous: The noise! The vent was on full blast right over the noisy refrigerator with both the radio and the TV going. (Why a TV way up in a corner in a 30 seat place? Is it for the staff?) Sitting near that vent was also a freezing experience I will never want to repeat. We could barely hear our own conversation. Great for getting people to leave quickly. And the name Rotisserie? For a busy Saturday night I saw 1(count 'em) sad looking little rotisserie chicken on the prep counter. All the other meat is in and under fancy cloche servers that I would expect to see at the Ritz. You cannot see the meat you are ordering. Not a good sign.I may give this place one more chance but I really doubt it with so many other excellent places to go for this type of cuisine and, especially for rotisserie chicken.
3	My Po-Bo sandwich was fine. I know this is Canada but the portion sizes are still very small for the price.
4	BBQ is an art, Rotisserie Sud-West Bar-B-Que is no Picasso. They are more like renaissance fair artisans. Except what they do, they do REALLY well. The roast chicken tastes like pretty every roast chicken in Montreal without coming close to Chalet BBQ though, the KING of BBQ Chicken in Montreal but their chicken did not sit in a warmer all day and is juicy, tender and tastes like some top grade chicken. Same for the side slaw. Tastes almost exactly like St-Hubert's slaw but crisper, fresher, can't put my finger on it but it was BETTER. The ribs are tender, juicy, with a nice thick sauce. While they don't come near let's say Blackstrap BBQ, they are still pretty damn good. The fries are freakin' AWESOME and so is the BBQ sauce. Added bonus that no other BBQ place seems to do... CORN ON THE COB. All that was missing was Mac n' Cheese. Rotisserie Sud-West Bar-B-Que isn't innovating but they deliver quality BBQ grub in good quantity that should make their neighbor (New System Rotisserie) a bit nervous and will stick to your ribs, leaving you in a happy haze of BBQ intoxication. That's why it gets a 4 outta 5... Quality ingredients served fresh and while not reinventing the wheel, delivering on taste and satisfaction.
