4	Solid taco shop, tried it after driving by for a long time. We will be back again. I grew up in Southern CA, I know my way around Mexican foodBurritos, Chicken and rice, fish, carnitas and carne asada all good. Decent Salsa bar three flavors, marinated carrots and cucumbers.El Regio is a solid choice in NW Las Vegas, Ann & 95 north, Give them a shot.
4	Solid burritos, especially the carnitas burrito. Didn't try the tacos, but they have a large menu, will definitely be back. A good alternative when I don't want to drive 15 miles to my favorite burrito shop. Very reasonable prices (less than $5 for a good sized burrito), my main concern is that I have always been the only customer. Come on and give it a try, I don't want to see them go under!
5	The first time I came here, I thought the food would be Roberto's-esque, then I took a bite. Needless to say I am here at least once a week. It is four star food quality but I gave it five based on the type of shop it is. An authentic hole in the wall find. They cook all the food fresh and the pollo isn't the shredded watery type at most places, it is real chunks grilled up in the AM. The service is fantastic and friendly. Only down side is they don't open until 9AM now, so no more $3 breakfast burritos for me. Oh the prices are the same as a the other small taco shops, but the quality is more like a good sit down restaurant. Check them out!
5	I had the grilled chicken burrito for $4.99 and it was huge like a homemade burrito. Very authentic. The employees were very well groomed and the restaurant was up kept, I felt clean and safe eating within. The prices here are definitely affordable and well worth the purchase. I recommend everyone stop in here if you're on this side often for authentic Mexican food. Awesome food, awesome service.
5	I don't usually review places but this place was amazing! I was expecting the quality of the food to be similar to a place like Roberto's but it was much better than any fast food Mexican place I've ever been! In fact, it's better than most sit down Mexican food establishments I've been to. Everything tasted homemade and slaved over. Service was very fast considering how busy it was and prices were great! Glad we tried this place! We will definitely be going back!
4	Went to dinner here tonight and got the carnitas plate and the super nachos and both items were delicious! Loved that the restaurant is close to our house, clean inside, and had a nice employee working, definitely going back!
4	The Food is great ! Had the carne asada fries. Next time i would prefer to get them without the pico de gallo. i'm not a fan of onions. Will go back!
5	So glad I tried this place! El Regio is similar to Roberto's, but way better! Upon walking in I was greeted by the man behind the counter who pointed out the menu board and was helpful in going over it with me and hubby. I told him I purchased a $10 for $20 yelp deal and he took it with no problems. I ordered an "Adobada Taco" priced at $2.39, "Cheese Quesadilla" priced at $2.49 and a small drink priced at $1.25 with free refills. All our food was made fresh to order. The adobada taco was the main star for sure. It packed a lot of awesome flavor! Everything about this taco was just fresh and tasty. The quesadilla wasn't greasy at all. The tortilla had good flavor and the amount of cheese was perfect. Hubby ordered a "Carne Asada Burrito" priced at $ $4.89 and a "Shredded Beef Taco" priced at $1.99 and he enjoyed his a lot too. Next to the cash register is a salsa and veggie bar. I used the green sauce for my quesadilla and it was so good! If you are in the area before 9 am you can get a breakfast burrito for only $2.49! There is a digital board on the front window promoting their current specials so I don't know  how long it will go on for, but it is the current special right now. El Regio is located on Tenaya near Ann Rd just off of the 95. They are open 7 days a week.
5	If you haven't eaten here then you are missing out. BIG TIME! I guess it opened earlier this year and I would have probably noticed if they had some sort of signage on the back on the building they are in. This place is on Tenaya in a small business center. If you pass by on Add rd  near the 95 then you pass by this small business center and see on the back of the building Lino's pizza and subs (gross) and some nail salon yet nothing for El Regio. After passing back and forth twice like an idiot my wife finally spotted the place and they do have signage out front. We had a $10 for $20 yelp deal and after trying the food a deal isn't necessary to get me to eat here. I had a asada burrito and a shredded beef taco. The asada meat was so damn flavorful and they didn't skimp on filling the burrito up. The tortilla tasted awesome. my shredded beef taco was good but I'm not a fan of crunchy tacos too much so I would ask for flour tortilla next time. At the salsa bar I got some of their green sauce and it just might be the best I have ever had in my life. My wife really enjoyed her food too and has been asking when we are going to come back. They offer breakfast deals and make everything from scratch. There was even a Mexican soap opera on the tv while we ate that was very comical. Eat here!
5	This super-clean little gem off  95 & Ann Rd. has delicious food prepared fresh to order. Inside is a typical-looking taco shop, but don't be fooled by the simple trappings. The carne asada tacos are amazing, and they'll even make ground beef tacos or burritos for the gringos. They have a fresh salsa bar that includes carrots and chiles. They serve breakfast, lunch and dinner. We've gotten takeout a couple of times now and it's our new fave for a quick meal. Only drawback is they're closed on Sundays. The owner told me that's his day with his family so we can't complain too much.Bottom line: if you want good food in a clean but simple setting, this is the place for you!
2	Hmmmm, I don't know. I'm not really feeling it. I always try to base my reviews off things overall. This has to do with just the food portion.I had the carnitas and the adobada.The meat is seriously lacking in flavor and all I could taste was onions. The carnitas taco was bland and didn't seem to be slow cooked. It was somewhat tender, but not fall apart in your mouth. The adobada is typically a very strong marinated pork - this is the least flavor I've ever experienced. Even the green avacado salsa, rice and beans they use is very mediocre and bland. I don't know. Maybe I'm picky? Or...I like my food to have flavor to it? I also need to point out this important detail - I was STARVING when I ate these. I hadn't eaten in 6 hours - I eat about every 2-3 hours on a daily basis. When I'm starving, I pretty much think almost anything is good. That being said, that should stick out in your mind.I know I haven't tried other items on the menu, but tacos should be the key factor to any mexican joint. I'm a taco whore, and I will judge any place based on the tacos. It's the main thing the majority of people eat when they want fast Mexican, and if you can't get that right, I don't know how anything else could be better. If an Asian/Mexican joint with Asians cooking can get it right...I don't know who the hell else can.
5	This place is amazing. Used the $10 for $20 deal and it was well worth it. Very friendly staff and amazing tacos ! Plus, they had incredible horchata.  I will definitely be going back. So glad I found this place. If you have no tried it, I highly recommend it. It's better than most Mexican places in town and it's affordable.
4	This place was delicious! We have been looking for an awesome taco place near Centennial Hills, but all we could find was Roberto's. Thanks to yelp, we found El Regio.  We ordered the taco plate, carne asada fries, and the abodaba plate. Everything was yummy. We ate there and the place was clean. I asked for a water cup but they gave me bottled water instead. We will definitely come back.
5	Best place for inexpensive and quality Mexican food! If your in the northwest part of Las Vegas this is the place to go and get your Mexican on!
4	Without the Yelp $20 for $10 deal we may have never really given El Regio much thought.  I would have just ended up at a Roberto's.  But wow are we glad we visited!The wifey recognized the owners of El Regio because they used to own a Mexican restaurant by her work that closed down on Rancho.  She was glad to see they were still in business because they used to make some killer (and killer cheap) breakfast burritos.  So a plus on that one.  But a minus too because it made me think, "If they closed down their other place, was it because of the food?"  Luckily (not so luckily for them), turns out I think the owner of the building decided to sell.  Their old restaurant was demolished almost immediately after closing, and what sits there now is a brand new Checker's (which I might add I was 1st to review).El Regio is pretty off the beaten path, located between a gas station & convenience store, and a do-it-yourself pet grooming place.  Totally non-descript.  Let your eyes wander too far down the road and you just might miss the turn into the parking lot.  Upon entering, the restaurant is fairly small.  Good guess would be that they cater to the take-out crowd.  But they do have 4-5 small tables where you can dine-in.  The menu at El Regio is very similar in style and tone of that of your local Roberto's.  Easy to read, and includes lots of pictures.  This day, the family was in a carne asada mood.  Really, carne asada for everyone!  We were naughty, naughty, naughty in our choices.  We shared:-Carne Asada Nachos-Carne Asada French Fries-Carne Asada BurritoSteak crazy!  For good measure I got one of their special cheap combos, a Chicken Burrito with a drink for only $3.99.  You know, just to lighten the meaty mood.Verdict?  Holy crap were we stuffed!  Greasy, cheesy, gooey, it was all there in spades.  Fatty goodness!  Please do not go to a place like El Regio and expect it to be overly healthy.  They do have a salsa bar that is complete with cucumbers, and marinated carrots & jalapenos...but that's about as far as organic it goes.  Like the old proverbs go, "If you destroy, destroy completely" we pulled off a "187 on an undercover cop" and murdered almost all that glorious carne asada!  There was A LOT to go around.  It's funny how places like El Regio builds with a thin layer of carbs on the bottom, a heaping layer of steak, a heaping layer of cheese, and a healthy scoop of sour cream & guacamole.  Healthy.  It's like they know carbs are bad and we should all be on the Atkins Diet!  Carne asada nachos and fries were good, but like I said the layer of chips or fries to meat is skewed.  Much bigger portion of meat than carb.  Which for me = good.  I rather have more meat and cheese than more chip or fry.  These trays were pretty heavy.  I had to hold myself back from eating too much red meat in one sitting.  Good thing there was four of us to share.  There was a lot of food.  The carne asada burrito wasn't skimpy either.  Loaded with just steak, pico de gallo, and guacamole.  Fat burrito.  We only managed to finish half of it.  I liked the chicken burrito because it actually had lots going on.  Marinated shredded chicken, Mexican rice, and pinto beans.  It was lighter which was good, I needed it to help cut through all the meat I had just eaten.  The only real complaint any of us had was that the carne asada was a bit heavy-handed on the onions.  There was a lot more raw chopped onion on our dishes than we would have liked.  No big deal though, next time we'll just request little or no onion in our order.  Prices are reasonable as well.  Running about the same rate as Roberto's so it really comes down to preference or location.  With multiple Roberto's locations its kinda got El Regio beat.  But for those on this side of town you should really give El Regio a try.  With my $20 for $10 coupon I only had to pay an extra $7 out of pocket.  A steal for all this food.  We had leftovers!  Which I happily took to work for lunch the next day.  Along with some Tic-Tacs.
3	Service was very friendly. Food was average, I wouldn't return.  Ordered Carne Asada burrito and Carne Asada fries... Fries were not done the first time...had to be redone...and were made wrong. Portions too small
5	The $10 for $20 in food Yelp deal caught my eye. This place is amazing, and even without the deal, the prices are reasonable. The people there were friendly and the food was made quickly. The food was better than Roberto's and even better than some of the way more expensive sit-down restaurants around here. I'd definitely recommend this place, and I'll be back!
4	Came here when they had a yelp deal $10 for $20 and the food was pretty good for the price.  I would say their food is better than Roberto's but won't be as good as a nice sit down dinner.  The have some good carne asada fries, shrimp, chicken, pork, and carne aside tacos.  I've been there a few times now just to get some horchata.
5	Awesome carne asada nachos!
5	We were watching a show this afternoon, and they were featuring wet burritos. They inspired us to search nearby for a place to try. We were pleasantly surprised to find this place, as it is very close. Based on the great Yelp reviews...and a photo of the exact burrito we craved...we were headed out the door two minutes later. There were two people working, and the restaurant was clean. The flat grill was really clean, which was very nice to see. The interior is very simple, with no decorations. Not very inviting, but we were taking our food to go so that did not bother us. We ordered one burrito pastor, and one carne asada. They were done quickly, and we headed home. The food was excellent. We will definitely be coming back. Clean restaurant, friendly people and excellent food...check, check and check!
5	I just moved to the area and was craving tacos. I probably wouldn't have tried this place if it wasn't for the reviews here on Yelp, but I'm really glad I did. The food was yummy  and the prices were very reasonable. The service was quick and friendly. I will definitely be back.
3	The food was very good and the sauces taste very authentic. However, everything in the pictures is gone. Only canned soda. No serve yourself peppers. Also cash only. The portions were huge. Like I said good taste, good portions but no frills. I would eat there again but would not go way out of my way to eat there.
2	The salsa bar & veggies that are pictured don't exist. The Coke machine pictured doesn't exist. Flowers on tables pictured? Nope, not those either.They didn't even have water for customers, literally. The guy told me I could go get water out of the bathroom sink if we wanted water. WTF?!The carne did have good flavor but the California burrito had steak, fries and cheese, that's it. No guacamole, no sour cream, no pico de gallo... nada!Seriously disappointed with the high Yelp ratings at this run down taco joint. Pretty much "Meh. I've experienced better." Way, way better.
4	Recently discovered this place due to Yelp. So glad I found it! Their California burrito was delicious - I liked it better than the Roberto's closeby. I'll probably stick to coming here for my fix.
