2	Fast convenient car wash. It's nice that there are tons of free vaccuums you can pull up to. It's fully automated so I can't imagine there's any real difference between the 5 dollar automated wash and the 10 dollar one. The only thing that kinda sucks is that there's no way to clean the interior of your car beyond vacuuming it yourself. I don't mind doing my own vacuuming at all. I kind of prefer to actually. But, at most car washes like this some dude will come and clean your windows in and out and wipe down your dash and your steering wheel and crap. Honestly, for that reason, I'll probably just go somewhere else the next time I feel the need to wash my stupid car. If you want your interior cleaned bring your own towels and window cleaner.
4	Pretty excellent car wash, it's a ride through, and the process is streamlined.  As you ride into the car wash, they hand you a moist towelette to wipe down your dashboard, which is neat and convenient.  It's perfect if you're on the way somewhere and need a clean car fast.  However, if you've got some extra time, be sure to make use of their free vacuums to clean out the inside of your car too!
4	I pass by this place on my way work and in the mood to avoid the hard-sellers at Danny's, I thought I'd try this place out. My Explorer, affectionately named Dora, hadn't been washed in months, so after being greeted by the friendly cashier, I opted for the "whole hog" and enjoyed my ride. Besides a few caked in spots around the exterior, I was totally impressed at what my $10 got me. Plus I got to vacuum my car for free99. All in about 10 minutes or less.
4	I tried this place the other day after seeing all the coupons in my ASU deal books and my car was very dirty from all the fall leaves and dirt going around. When I say my car was dirty I really mean it hadn't been washed in a month plus and was caked in dirty and was begging for a bath. So I tried this place. As an ASU student I got and automatic discount which I think was $2 but may have been $3. You can get the same if you mention the entrance off university off university being blocked (see my quick tip).Anyway I got the top tier wash which i think was a total of $7-8 after discount and included a tire scrub which I needed bad. The lady who was working the wash was very friendly and helpful and even told me how to sign up for the text service to get a free air freshener and deals in the future. She guided me in and I was set to go.I was very impressed how clean the car got. minus a few spots i knew i was gonna need to attack with some bug and tar remover and a few nooks and crannies on the wheels it did a great job even getting a few spots i didn't think it would. The free vacuums are great too and very convenient. Overall way better than gas station washes and minus the interior clean about the same quality as I have been getting from Danny's the last few trips (i have not been happy for the price and even complained). They offer some monthly fee unlimited wash services i may look into for the winter months.
4	The Hog Wash is awesome. Got the basic wash for three dollar when you show ASU ID, not a perfect wash, but gets the car clean and free vaccum hose. At the end of the day, its fast and easy to vaccum your own car. Took me 5 min...kind of kool and cheap.
5	Ok, first I'll admit I thought the $8 option (there are also $3, & $5 ones for less) that includes wheel cleaning was a bit high, but my wheels were REALLY dirty with brake dust and the gentleman describing the services told me if they weren't clean he would give me my money back - he was the Owner.  I went through the wash and didn't feel they were completely clean so I stopped and told him I didn't want my money back, I wanted them clean, and he quickly offered to send me through again.  Very politely - it was sincere he wanted to provide good service.  They looked great after the second pass (not perfect, but that is only possible by hand cleaning) and I was satisfied!  Great Service - I highly recommend this car wash!
5	My fav place to wash my hog!
4	Really gets my car clean.  The staff is nice & I love the floor mat washer.
3	HogWash is quick and cheap. It's not going to detail your Ferrari, but if your Geo Metro has some dust on it you'll come out clean. Be careful around the blow dryers, they are probably the strongest I've ever seen, if your Jack in the Box antenna ball isn't on securely, kiss it goodbye.
4	Fast and cheep.  Not as good as full service but I go weekly to get the grime and bird poo off the truck.  Friendly staff.  Very convenient.  GIVE IT A TRY!
5	Always gets my car clean, very fast and a fair price.  Free vacuums with your wash is a big plus.  Frequent customer card pays off very quickly as well
4	A cheap and effective car wash. I like that they provide a vacuum for customers to use for free. It's nice to have a clean interior and exterior. Every time I have been here, I'm in and out in about 10 minutes. Good to have speedy service for something like a car wash where you might not have a lot of time.
4	Every since they were opened I couldn't be happier! I've washed my cars here multiple times. It's very convenient, cheap and quick. They aslo have free vacuum service, which is pretty cool. Great customer service.The only negative thing I have to say about this place is that their air-refresher smells like old used tires. Who in the world would want their car to smell like tires? Other than that, this place is pretty awesome.Keep it up Hog Wash Express!
5	Fast, cheap, and effective.Takes cash or credit/debit, and you get free use of their heavy duty vacuums after your wash.Be advised you will not be able to make a left hand turn out of their parking lot between 3 and 6.
4	Three bucks for a quick yet quality wash, including air dry, and free vacuums.  It's  a pretty good wash and does a more than decent job.  Not much else to say: it's a freaking carwash.  Still, between the quality, price, and the fact that they take cards, this is a great option for keeping your ride clean.
4	Will definitely be coming back more often.  I've been looking for a cheap spot to wash my car since I moved here.  The coolest part is they let you use the vacuums after the wash for free!  All for $5!
4	I love this place. I drive out of my way to come here to support a local, family owned business. Super cheap, the wash is always great, and the free vacuums are nice too. I also subscribe to their text messages to get discounts and other savings. However, I just received a political text message this morning from their text number which I think is completely inappropriate....not a good move Hog Wash.
4	I was coming home from work the other day and with all the crazy Weather my car was thrashed! So i happen to see The Hog Wash Express on my drive home.            I was going a way i normally do not.It is the type of wash you drive through(stay in your Vehicle).A cheapy wash is $5.00 but, that won't clean your under carriage, and we all want to have a clean under carriage!!  So i went for the $8.00 wash.Nice and clean,very quick as well. I choose not to stop and do the Free Vacuum as i was in a hurry and just wanted to get home and shower myself.However, there is one provided if you should want it. It is a great location although it is very hard to pull out onto traffic at times.So there you go!
5	This place is great! It's a drive thru wash, so you don't have to get out of your car. All the signs say "$5 wash", but there's also a $3 option. Bring a towel to dab your car dry yourself.
1	I went to the Hog Wash Express on July 17th and during the wash the final overhead rotating brush caught my rear window wiper and pulled it until it broke my rear window. The owner will not give me the business's insurance information so that I can get the window replaced. I would recommend NEVER going to this place.
5	Living in the desert, the rain doesn't come too often to get some of the yuck off the car so a car wash is necessary once a week. My boyfriend recommended that I go to Hog Wash and purchase the monthly unlimited for 15$. For 5$ more i bought the unlimited that includes tire washes. I also got a free car scent. My car looked beautiful! and not to mention the free vacuums available. The vacuums needed a little more power but thats okay, it got the job done! Very smart purchase..Also, I spoke with the manager who was more than helpful. I believe her name was Tamy. She was extremely nice and helpful. I love great customer service!! Thank you Hog Wash!! :)
4	Hog Wash Express is a great car wash place that prides themselves on free use of their vacuums.  They have a touch-based car wash that is automated. They accept credit, cash and pre-paid subscriptions - and the staff is usually pretty friendly if you can find them. Expect to bring a towel to dry your car off. You'll need it because the driers in the wash miss many spots on your car. That's the only reason why they didn't get  full five-star rating is because of the need to dry the car off repeatedly with a towel. Overall, I would rate this as one of the best car washes in the Tempe area ... at least until Cobblestone sets up shop.
3	My sister hadn't washed her car since she drove across the country moving to Tempe 6 months ago (aka: it was a mess). We stopped by Hog Wash on the way home and $5 later her Beetle was looking like a car again. Was it the best Basic Wash ever? Who knows...what I can tell you is: it was quick, convenient, cheap, and we were really digging the free vacuums and trash cans to clean out the inside ourselves afterwards! I'm pretty sure this will be a regular spot in town now.
2	I bought a Groupon for 3 car washes. Each of these washes is normally worth $10. I got my first one today and wish I hadn't bought the Groupon. I'm giving this place 2 stars because the wash did get most of the dirt off my car (my car wasn't especially dirty though), the staff was nice, and no damage was done.  However, I am not pleased with the job done. My two main complaints are that my car was still very wet after the wash, and more annoyingly, there was a significant amount of soap on my car's trunk. I much prefer the car wash place near the corner of McClintock and University not that far away. For even cheaper they get all the soap off and make sure the car is dry by having people wipe it down for you. They too have free vacuums.
1	First pass they messed up the pulling mechanism that keeps the car moving. They  had to stop the wash and send us around again. The second pass didn't rinse the car and tore the rain gutter off the car. I pulled out of the way and called the attendant over. The gutter is hanging off the side of the car and the attendant walks up and says "what?"  I pointed out the gutter and he said ya that always happens to that kind of car. Perhaps you should tell people with this kind of car that BEFORE they go through twice! Don't use this car wash!
1	Not calling any names but something is fishy here!! I went to get a car wash there was a line of 4 cars in front of me. I saw the car at the machine trying to pay & I assume it wasn't working for them so the "attendant"came to assist. 5mins later the line starts moving it's my turn and I go to pay the "attendant" ask where I work because he can give me a discount. I go to pay for my wash and my card is DECLINED for $5, insert my card 2 more times thinking it was just the machine. The "attendant" tells me "oh hold on" he comes back with one of those little credit card machines you attach to your cell phone  that was a RED flag too me. So I look at my account when he went inside & of course I have enough to cover a $5 transaction! LONG story short.... I called my bank, there was nothing wrong with my card or account! They automatically put a block & informed me they didn't even see my card being declined & that is something they would be able to see. They informed me in situations like this chances are it kept saying card declined so that they can COPY your card to use as fraud. SMH!
1	Absolute Jerks! SCRATCHED UP MY CAR!The machine scratched up my car, Hog Wash is completely unwilling to rectify the situation. PLEASE DONT GO HERE! I pointed the scratches out to the attendent as soon as it happened and he said he would check the security camera to verify that it wasn't like that when i pulled in. I readily agreed. He came back after about 40 minutes and told me "well, nobody else has complained". I asked him what the camera showed and he said "yeah, well nobody else has complained".  I asked him to call his manager and he refused. I have called and left multiple messages for the manager. Nobody ever calls me back.Jerks!
1	Up until today, I had been a long standing supporter of Hogwash, but their most recent price hike has got me looking for someplace else to wash my car.  I remember back in 2010 when a regular car wash was $3 with your student ID.  Then in 2011 they got rid of that deal, and a car wash was a minimum of $5, but the Student Discount Handbook (I think that's what it's called) always had pretty decent coupons so I came back.  Then last year (if memory serves), they re-did their "menu", offering a $3 wash but it didn't include soap, just basically a hose down with a giant brush to scrub the dirt in.  But the coupons were still out there - a $10 wash for $5.  So again, they had my business.  Today, I noticed the sign no longer said "$3 car wash" but "3 minute car wash".  It didn't quite click that it meant that they had gotten rid of the $3 wash, but low and behold, the cheapest car wash available was now $6.  Great that you've got free vacuums but there are tons of other places who have car washes under $5 in the vicinity, with free vacuums.  Sorry guys, I'm sick and tired of all the price hikes.
