5	Vinimos de vacaciones a Las Vegas desde Los Angeles y de casualidad nos encontramos esta comida cubana riquisima, hecha al carbon, mi esposa ordeno bistec de lomo de cerdo encebollado con sus respectivos tostones, yo ordene bistec Ribeye con arroz moros y platanos maduros.  Tambien de postre budin con coco al lado. Riquisimo se los recomiendo, ya estaba cansado de los famosos buffet.
2	The first time we went, food was good. They do need to better the service. Waitress/Servers need to be more enthusiastic and say hi to customers as they come in and not leave you unattended for a long period of time, which happened on our first visit. We mentioned the place to our friends and we decided to go again (second time in a week) and this time we were dissapointed and even ashamed we had mentioned the place to our friends. Service again from servers was bad, again they need to say hi to customers and not leave them unattended. They didn't have some of the food in the menu available. The server messed up our entire order and we had to wait longer. All in all some of the food is good, other not so good and they need better service and to have food in the menu available, if you cannot have it available, why advertise it??? Get the food and get your servers to be more proactive and take better notes of the orders.
4	Great service, great food. Reminds me of my family and the closet thing to my Cuban family's cooking. Best Cuban Sandwich in town! Make sure you get some of their great Cuban coffee to give you a real kick. Prices are a real plus with this homely Cuban cafe. I highly recommend!!
5	My husband and I enjoyed a fabulous evening at Cafe El Mundo Cubano. The food and service were excellent, with our server always checking on us to make sure everything was good.  We were there on a Tuesday evening and were pleasantly surprised to listen to fantastic live cuban music!  We also found out they have live music there almost everyday of the week.  We will definitely go back, as their prices were extremely reasonable.  They also have an outside patio.
5	This is a great place. The food was spectacular,  the flavors of each dish were abundantly rich and savory. The portions were perfect and the pricing was adequate. I can't get over the flavors of each dish... I cannot wait to get back here and enjoy a night of Cuban fun and excitement.
5	Great entertainment with live Cuban music. The food is delicious and the service very friendly.
5	The food is delicious!!! The arroz con pollo/chicken with rice and the Cuban sandwich are some of the best I have ever had. Plus the service here is friendly and so it's the atmosphere!!! Great musicians!!!
1	Sadly, I was starving that I forgot to take a picture of the food! I ordered the croquetas and tamales. Both for $5. I also ordered congri on the side which is $3. The food is way over priced for the small portion they serve. There's not a lot of options on the menu either.The food all together? Including my mother in laws and my husbands food; it taste like something that my mother in law can make at home but a lot better. Moving on to customer service? My husband dropped his fork and the owners wife immediately gave him new utensils. So that was a plus... There are a few tables and chairs outside if you feel like eating out in the sun or at night. This place is eh, not all that great. It's not a place i would ever come back to.
1	Went for lunch. My experience:-Ordered maduros. Waiter came back a little while later to say they didn't have any.-Waiter gave my boyfriend the wrong food, then got it and gave it to somebody at another table when he realized it.-My steak sandwich had one strip of meat, covering about half the bread. Tasted pretty much like I was just eating toasted bread. For $10.-Lukewarm fries on the side. -Asked the waiter if they had cortaditos (a sweetened espresso). He didn't know, checked with somebody else, said we actually meant something completely different, which couldn't be made till the bartender came in at 2.
4	A good friend of mine and Elite Yelper once told me that he doesn't review a place until the second visit, assuming the place earns a repeat visit that is. I usually do the same but I'm thinking this place is so good I'll review now. THE DIGS: Its nestled in a shopping strip across the street from the Mini dealership to the east of the Carmax on W. Sahara. and can be hard to miss easily. We actually ran into trying to use the parking lot to make a u-turn. It's a very clean a airy place. Much cleaner than could be expected for a restaurant in that shopping strip. As soon as you walk in the atmosphere is festive with authentic Cuban and tropical music playing. They have a small stage toward the back and it looks like at night they move some tables and make way for a dance floor which I thought was pretty cool. The bathrooms are very clean and looked like they're serviced frequently. THE SERVICE: The host was very welcoming and attentive. He provided just the right amount of attention to all patrons and was fair and equal in treatment with everyone. He was friendly and helpful, professional  and moved with a purpose. He wore authentic Cuban attire and you can tell it's how he dresses daily. The food came out fast and it was still nice and hot.THE FOOD: Excellent, authentic, delicious, hot, well seasoned, well presented. Very tasty. The servings are perfect and price is right. The only reason for the 4 stars is well, there's always room for improvement. In this restaurants case, it's the location and the layout/set up of the establishment itself. The seating seems to be a bit limited, but as good as this place is I don't think it will get packed because not too many people know about it.
3	Since moving to Vegas, my wife and I have been going through some serious Cuban sandwich withdrawal. Finally, we found this place and decided to go in for lunch. The place is small, but nice, well-decorated and clean, with a full bar and a small stage for live music. The guy who waited on us (and I believe, cooked our food) was very friendly and welcoming. And our sandwiches were excellent, exactly what we were craving! So far, so good, right? Indeed. 4 stars, in fact. I'm taking that 4th star back, though, because of the fact that they only allow you to have fries as a side. The rice and beans have always been a huge draw for my wife (and many other people) at other Cuban restaurants, and was what she wanted for her sides, but they wouldn't allow it. We offered to pay the difference, but when he told us it would be $6 extra, even without the fries, she decided against it. That would be $16 (pre tax & tip) for a sandwich, some rice and beans (no drink). That may not be outrageous, but it is definitely too damn much, no matter how good the sandwich may have been. In fact, as odd as it sounds, you can only get rice & beans one of two ways: order one of their 6 or 7 entrees (not sandwiches) or pay the additional $6. I don't understand why a Cuban restaurant would want to make a major Cuban staple so difficult for customers to eat. It's like a southern restaurant trying to charge almost double to get mashed potatoes with your meatloaf. It just doesn't make any sense to me. So, that being said, their sandwiches are really, really good, but their not-very-customer-friendly policies will probably keep us away most of the time.
2	Overpriced food. This will be the last time I pay $13 for a 2 ounce steak. The black beans were really really good though...but served in a 6 ounce cup. They charged me $3.00 for a Dr. Pepper which was in a bottle so no refills. The food was flavorful just overpriced for what you are given. Rincon Criollo is a far more better place priced right and very good food!I noticed I had a different menu from the ones seated next to me mine seemed limited after seeing theirs so look around
1	Bland fish, bland rice. Nothing was terrible but nothing to write home about either. I posted a new photo of the menu because the one I looked at on Yelp was out of date.
4	I'm from NY and very used to different kinds of Latin foods being available. Now that I'm in Vegas I am learning that most Latin foods are Mexican, Tex-Mex or Mex-Asian fusion. I love nachos as much as the next person but I have been dying for some good Island food! Cafe El Mundo Cubano is now our go to spot for Cuban cuisine! We visited on a Sunday evening so it wasn't very busy. The atmosphere is casual, kinda like you're sitting in a good friends living room. There are chairs and small tables outsiide as well for Al Fresco Dining. Our server was very nice and attentive making sure we had water and checking in on us often. The menu is small with just a few well picked choices for your meal. For our appetizers we chose the Tostones and Fried Yucca. The Yucca was especially good and crispy. Both came with garlic dipping sauce, Yum! For our entrees we shared Ropa Vieja with Congris and white rice with frijoles (black beans) and Palomilla steak. The Ropa Vieja was to die for and the steak was so tender you could cut it with a butter knife. The white rice and frijoles were much better than the Congris; there was just something missing in the flavor. The only thing missing from our meal was a slice of avocado! There were only two choices for dessert; a slice of guava and flan. We had the flan and it was good but not great. The caramel sauce tasted as if it had come from a bottle not home made. All in all it was a good meal with good food and we will definitely visit again. Our server mentioned live bands on the weekends and we want to see what that's all about :-)
5	This place is awesome wonderful atmosphere great customer service and the food is to die for I'm so happy Antonio has open this wonderful Cuban restaurant delicious
5	If I could give this place more stars I would. The food, the live music, the service, and the cafe con leche went beyond my expectations. It is a very small restaurant which gives it a homey feeling for the ambiance. The waiter we had was the nicest person. My party and I ordered a palomilla, plantain bananas, steak sandwich, and a cafe con leche. I have tasted authentic homemade Cuban food in the past from families and restaurants, and Cafe Cubano makes some of the most authentic and flavorful Cuban food I've tried. I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for specialty food at an affordable price. I will return to this restaurant for as long as I live here. Higly recommend.
1	I'm sorry to say this is one of the worst Cuban Restaurants I have ever been to.The food can only be considered authentic by the inexperienced or the "New" Cubans that sadly do not know good taste as they have lived on the island having to go without proper ingredients and spices. The food was too greasy and lacking taste. the lowdownPicadillo (ground beef) the greasiest mess I have ever been servedRopa Vieja (skirt steak roast) tough and chewy rather than tender and lacking much taste.The fried bananas and plantains were ok ( hard to screw this up as theres only one ingredient and it's fried)Sorry but this is a true disappointment as I thought I found a decent Cuban joint near us,
5	I loved the live music, and the Lechon (roast pork) had a delicate and delicious flavor. The flan was superb too. Highly recommended now that it's under new ownership.
5	Good cuban food the servica and ambiance very nice,They have live music on the weekends and lil music on the parking lot that makes you get in to the groove right away.
4	I only live two miles away from this place but never would have known about it without Groupon! It was an unpleasant surprise to find they were no longer accepting the deals, but the meal itself was so much better than expected that I didn't count off a star for it as I normally might.Appetizer: Yucca is amazing, if you haven't had it before this is a good place for a first experience. The garlic sauce makes the dish. Entrees: Palmilla steak was thin cut with grilled onions and served with a rice-bean mixture that was understated and simple but so tasty. Cuban sando was huge and perfectly toasty with melty cheese and plenty of meat inside, served with basic fries.Dessert: Flan was creamy and that espresso alone would make me come back- tiny, strong, sweet, and flavorful. The space is odd, with dark wood floors and high-end-looking tables with topped with glass and cloths, but dollar bills and writing covering the walls like a low-end club, and a small bar to the side of the entrance. And outdoor seating. A lot going on, but great things happening in the kitchen! Working it into my regular rotation for takeout.
2	Heard about the place through Groupon. Get there and there's a sign on the door that states they are no longer accepting the Groupon. Well that's great, the old bait and switch, get you in the door, you pay full price. Ordered the Cuban Coffee, which was great, even came in a little coffee cup adorned with Cuban flags. Server was nice enough. I ordered sauteed pork with the con gris and a side of fried yucca and my girlfriend ordered the Cuban sandwich.Here is where it goes wrong. Everything was luke warm. Most likely reheated, which was a shame because the con gris was actually good, just cold. The pork was the chewiest thing on the planet. I thought I had gotten grissle or something but all of them were like that. The fried yucca was not fried enough. The fried yucca pieces were huge, never seen that with fried yucca. The outside of most pieces were a bit fried but the inside was mush, just like regular yucca. I wanted something more fried.The cuban sandwich was also cold. The bread was extremely flaky, again a shame. Cuban bread is delicious but this was lacking. Also, the pork was whatever on the sandwich. Like boiled ham. No real flavor. If it was warmer, it would not have been so bad. Apparently this place has live music sometimes, I think that'd be amazing to see. I can't rate it based off the possibility of live music, but if you wanted to check this place out, that would be the time. It wasn't great.
1	Was here about 10 am on Mon/27 Oct:- No longer accepts Groupon vouchers- $3 for a 20 oz bottle of Coke- No paper towels in the men's restroom (so do the employees just wipe their hands dry on their shirts, which is what I did to dry my hands)Don't think I'll come back.
5	Ever since I've moved to Vegas, I've been exploring all kinds of food. And this place introduced me to some real Cuban food and coffee. I'm a big coffee person. The stronger the coffee, the better. And the coffee here is perfect. It's strong but sweet. Not bitter at all. Which is my style. I had some Cuban tamales and the classic Cuban sandwich . (The real deal) it was wonderfully made and all tasted nothing short of amazing ! The place is nice and clean, the owner was super kind, and the overall environment and experience was pleasant. They also play live music on the weekend at 6, I definitely will be back to check that out. I highly recommend this place to try some quality Cuban and a good espresso
