4	Pittman Wash is a 4 mile multi-use (walking, running, biking and hiking in some parts) greenway running through the newer parts of Henderson (from Pebble Road (near Eastern Ave) to Arroyo Grande Blvd).  The wash was originally a natural channel for flood water to push its way west to east across Henderson and the city took advantage of the natural feature to 1) ensure protection from flooding and 2) provide a recreation area for residents away from traffic.  On most weekends, you'll find the paved path filled with runners and bikers and families getting a little exercise.In one special portion of the wash (between Green Valley Pkwy and Valle Verde Dr), the city left the wash undisturbed in its natural condition.  Nature trails run along the floor of this portion of the wash, winding along through Mojave desert brush and trees.  This undisturbed portion is one of the few spaces where city planners in the Vegas valley chose to leave a natural feature among the planned roads and subdivisions.  And it's wonderful.  For a map of the undisturbed natural portion of Pittman wash, check Project Green's website:https://sites.google.com/site/projectgreenhendersonnv/Home
4	The wash is a wonderful, natural space carved out int he middle of Green Valley.  The wash spans about 4 miles starting at Pebble and ending at Arroyo Grande.  Pay attention to the paths that run under the street and you can walk the entire expanse without ever having to cross a street. It's well planned and quite lovely. It's not unusual to see rabbits or roadrunners while on the path. This  natural oasis  truly celebrates our desert environment. There is a walking path running on one side that can be used for walking, running, biking, etc. The path draws families and sport's enthusiasts alike. It's never overly crowded, and your leashed (and hopefully friendly) dog will find plenty of buddies along the way.  I read Rob O's review of the Pittman Wash Trail and was so impressed with the information. Read his review to learn about the history of the wash.
4	A nice oasis in this busy city. Has a paved trail to ride you bike or walk or blade or whatever you fancy. We took our dogs down into the wash to explore. We saw plenty of plants and flowers. Birds were chirping and there were squirrels and rabbits crossing our path. A bit noisy near the edges, but when we walked down in the middle of the wash, at times it was total peace and quiet. We parked at the Pecos Park on Pecos/Windmill and the trail was easily accessible from there.
4	So I spend a lot of time doing things that are dog friendly, and walking this trail is one of them.  I access the trail from the east end over on Arroyo Grande and make my way westbound with the furball.  The trail is paved and there's lots of spots so the dog can sniff and since it is paved, I have little concern for any random injury to paws (or my own feet for that matter).  Though with the random woodland creatures showing up, I'm fortunate my dog is well-trained so I don't have to chase down a dog running after scampering squirrels and rabbits.This trail is clean and once you're on it, you can easily forget you're in a city as you look out onto the desert flora.  I often find other people walking their dogs, walking with their children, and joggers and bicyclists, too.  All in all, this is a very friendly and leisurely stroll and I enjoy it.
5	Decided to bike this trail as part of the Discover our Trails Scavenger Hunt the City of Henderson is hosting this May. If it weren't for this promotion, I would have never discovered how much fun it is to bike this trail!It is a great intermediate challenge (perhaps because I am a little out of shape right now! lol) and most of the views are quite pleasing. I will be back here often to bike or hike. Absolutely enjoyed it and had a lot of fun! Everything appears to be very well maintained and clean. I highly recommend bike and hike enthusiasts to give it a shot, at least once. It's even a great leisurely stroll!Moving back to Green Valley from Summerlin, it's little unknown gems like this that make the transition quite pleasing! :)
5	More like a million stars!This is probably the best place for running in the city, and I'm lucky enough to live down the street!The path is newly paved, away from street traffic, landscaped (although parts just have the natural 'wash' ambiance), and has underground crossings at most intersections...what more could you want?Pittman wash trail is about 5 wonderful miles, but it's also easy to use the trail to connect to the 215, st rose, and other paths a all over the southeast valley.
5	We wanted to go for a longer bike ride without the risk of getting run over by a vehicle.  This trail is close to our home and easy to access.  This trail is great as is it paved and runs along the wash.  Since it's between residential areas, it's very peaceful and quiet!  The trail also goes beneath the major crossroads so you don't have to stop for traffic.  It's great!  There are also picnic tables and benches at various points along the way.  If you have a furry four legged friend, there are plenty of waste bag sites.  This trail makes for a great path for exercise or just an enjoyable walk with loved ones!
5	My new favorite flat-ish paved running route.  I like that it runs park-to-park (Arroyo Grande to the park in Pecos Rd. and a little further west), so there's water available in those two places, although it would be nice if there were 1 or 2 fountains along the trail, too.  The lower elevation end is at the east, so if you'd prefer to run uphill first, start at Arroyo Grande.  The trail goes under the cross streets so you don't have to deal with cars.  I think the total distance is over 4 miles one way.
4	Great multi use trail. Nice to run on in the am. Too many people later in the day. My only complaint is people listening to music or talking and not paying attention. Just move and stay to the side if this is you. Nice at night too. The lights that the city installed make it to were you do not need any additional head lights.Enjoy
5	This trail has received a bit of a well-needed make-over that I really like.  The lights all work and are now brighter, the trail has been re-paved and there are these cool artsy-type trail markers now with the name of the trail.I don't go often, especially right now because spring out here gives me a headache, but I really enjoy the trail.  My dogs do, too!  The new pavement is much nicer on their paws.Great because it's next to my house and you see the occasional exercise enthusiast, but whenever I go it's never too busy.
5	I love this trail! It's long enough to where you can get a workout without getting hit by cars. Its also very peaceful with only the sounds of nature and others using the trail. It also a great spot to watch the sunset on the bench near the Palm trees
