4	So I needed a used tire for Honda Accord with half-worn tires and I refused to shell out $$$ for a new tire that will later cause me to buy 3 new ones.  Like most well-informed consumers, I googled the closest used tire place and found Big Earl's Used Tires across from this charming donut shop (Dunkin Donuts) on Albermarle Rd.  I called the business prior to my visit and the owner told me in a down-to-business tone that yes, they had several tires of my size.When I found the place, I was quite nervous.  The place had the requisite "grit" of a used tired shop-old service station, oil-stained doors, truckers loitering with the owner.  But Earl (not big by the way) showed me the tires he had and I chose the one with the least wear and tear.  He installed it and I was out in a few minutes.  I paid a total of $38!!! What a deal.  Earl suggested that I return if I have any problems, at which point I noticed a Better Business Bureau sign behind the counter.  Whew.....and to think I found this placed without Yelp!
5	Big Earl and Big Earl's is very awesome!! I went in needing one tire for sure! Since it had 5/7 nails in it. I called him from the one review on Yelp I found. It took him at most fifteen minutes to switch the tire on the jack. Very impressive. He also told me I didn't need the other tire that I had earler decided to take. This last part rarely ever happens from any business. I feel like I should go get him a 12 pack for saving me the $40. The one thing I have found in Charlotte and this goes with Big Earl's too. Is that the seedier the area the better experience, food, customer service etc.
5	Big Earl's.  It just sounds great, right?  It is.For years - more than 15 at last count - I have been looking for a cool tire place in Crown Town.  Coming from Charleston, where you could count on Gerald's to help out in a jam, there is really no comparison.  There are plenty of places to get tires, but there is no quick-serve, helpful local joint that you can really count on to give you the goods when you need it.  Until now.Big Earl's is not the prettiest girl at the ball, and I actually cannot speak to tires at the moment either, or even a repair, but only service.  This is only because I pulled in as we had picked up a nail on one of our tires, and pulled out about three minutes later with the tire intact and no nail.  The charge?  Zip.  Nada.  Zilch.  Sweet.
5	Walked into this place last night with a car inspection telling me I needed 4 tires. This inspections was done at Tire Kingdom mind you. Big Earl said he had a set of 4 of the same tire for me and would be happy to sell them to me. He then asked me "do you need a set of 4?" I said that I wasn't sure but asked if he would take a look. After looking at all of the tires he said I might only need one. He then said before I put even one on there why don't you go down to Mr. Inspection down the street and get it re-inspected. He told me, he would rather me be out the $13 bucks from the inspection than have to put 4 tires on it and cost me a ton of money. Sure enough I went down to Mr. Inspection and passed. To sum up: Big Earl is truly an honest mechanic. I know they are hard to find but this guy was more interested in me being treated right than in making money. That says a lot about him and his business. Though this Big Earl didn't sell me any tires he left a lasting impression on me. I will be back and I will tell others about this great business in Charlotte.
5	The only honest mechanics I knew were relatives, i.e. my uncles, but Big Earl proved me wrong.  I showed up to his place on a wing and a prayer.  I asked to speak w/ Big Earl and this little guy came out and said that's me! Needless to say he not only saved me from spending money on something I didn't need, but he also gives great recommendations.  Something about this guy.  His honesty and kindness just shines through.  They probably call him Big Earl, not for the size of his stature, but the size of his heart.
5	I was in need of a couple of tires for a full size pick up truck....being in need of a bargin I surfed the web and came across these reviews and had to give Big Earl a try. Let me tell you......those before me who wrote reviews were not lying. I first called and Big Earl answered and took the time to look up my tire size where most places would have rushed me off the phone. He told me what he did and did not have and what options would fit my vehicle. Great customer service. I made my way over and can certainly say, this business man is worth giving a try. He provides the service most business have forgotten about.....quick, economical and friendly.
5	I've used Big Earl's several times over the past year, and as far as I am concerned, he's the only guy I'll go to when I have an issue with my tires.  Granted, if you're of the type that wants new tires, and the fanciest stuff for your pimp-sled, then this won't be your spot.  But if you're aight with saving a ton of sheckels for some "gently-used" tires, then you can rest assured that they'll take care of you here.  The first time I came in, I just needed a plug on a flat.  Big Earl fixed it free of charge, despite my protests. He fixed another tire a few months later for free again!  I ended up getting another flat on a different tire and went in for some new/used tires. He hooked me up with some great tires for only $120, which was a steal.  I ended up slamming into a curb a month later, and I got a bubble on my side wall.  Despite it being my own fault, Earl tried to switch me out for free, but I refused. So he hooked me up with a great set of different tires that have been on the car for over 6 months now and running great. I actually had another friend do some work and he commented that I had some great tires on the front, Big Earl's tires! Trust him, and go with his advice, he'll take care of you.
5	You guys....Earl saved my LIFE today.(Okay, a little dramatic maybe...) But seriously, I had to stop and refill my leaky tire three times on the way to this place, and almost didn't make it--got there as Earl and his shop assistant were walking to their cars to leave for the day. Earl opened the whole shop back up, offered to patch my tire, saw how ruined I'd ruined it, and sold me a gently-used tire at a HUGE undercharge--so much so that he said, "Don't tell anybody what I charged you for this!" (Your secret's safe with me, Earl!)I even tried to leave a tip, for interrupting their Saturday evening, and he refused to accept it! (I gave it to the shop assistant.)In short: these guys are THE BEST. They do good work, they are totally nice and down to earth, and they'll bend over backwards to get you on your way safely, quickly, and without breaking the bank. ....though I'll try not to make them bend over backwards next time...Customer for LYFE, yo, Ride or Die Earl's!!!!
5	I needed a gently used tire after my rear passenger tire was beyond repair. He provided quick, friendly service. I have had the tire for  a month now with no issue. Charged a fair price for a gently used tire. I have already recommended him to several other people. Very happy with the quality of the tire and the service.
5	Went here after reading these other reviews. I was told by Meineke on Pecan that I needed new tires. I've got a 12 yr old SUV that I'm trying to keep another few months, so buying a new full set was out of the question! Called Big Earl's several times to discuss my needs. He (not named Earl & not big or scary) didn't have any that day for me, but was expecting a shipment. I checked back in a few days & he had some. Turns out, he said I really only needed one tire. (Not 4)!! Told him I was headed to the mountains in the snow & wanted to be really safe. He said, if it was his wife, this is what he would do for her. Sold! So he hooked me up with 1 nearly new Michelin with a ton of tread for only $50 total out the door & in under 20 minutes!!! I was shocked. I would have paid a little more & thought I needed at least 2. Super nice guy, incredibly helpful & HONEST. Didn't feel taken advantage of or condescended in the least bit. Totally comfortable there & would go again. I've already recommended him to friends & family.
5	Big Earl's Tires was a last minute decision for me when I had a tire blow out.  I read reviews and searched around, and Big Earl's was the best reviews around.  I called before I went and the man who answered the phone was so helpful already.  When I got there Payton had a tire lined up for me that he was checking out to see if it would be a good fit for my car.  He not only changed my one tire for me, but checked the rest (all of which were not great).  He gave me suggestions on how to get the best tires for my money and also suggests the best thing for the customer, even if it isn't their shop.  A real down to earth guy who doesn't take advantage of you.  Very knowledgeable about his craft and goes above and beyond.  I will definitely be back to visit the guys at Big Earl's.
5	Had a friend in town and walked out to a flat tire on her car before her trip back. I found great yelp reviews for Big Earl's (never been). I called and Peyton had a tire in stock that would fit the car but said he could probably patch it. He took a look at it, recommended a patch and had it fixed and back on the car quickly. He checked the other tires just to be safe and we were in and out within an hour (with wait time). Peyton was extremely helpful and I'd go back and recommend this place to anyone for a tire fix or a used tire.
