5	Boca Park Dental is great!  The office staff is courteous and helpful, the hygienists are gentle and thorough, and Dr. Turner is a great dentist!  Everyone in their office make it an enjoyable experience.  The text and email reminders for appointments also make it VERY convenient.   I have always had great appointments and would recommend them to everyone!
5	Yesterday afternoon, I started having a pretty good toothache.  By evening, I was in severe pain - nothing was helping.  Needless to say that I did not get any rest.  My dentist closes on Friday.  I called his cell phone (for emergencies) but was unable to reach him.  I started looking up area dentists, found the number and I called Boca Park Dental. I spoke with Amy who was very nice and understanding.  I was told to come in and they would try to work me in, despite their full load and my time restraints.  Before I had completed all of my paperwork, Dr. Turner saw me in the waiting room and whisked me back to numb my mouth (after asking pertinent questions about the toothache and my medical history) because I was shaking and crying.  I was in and out of here in under an hour!!!  Now, I am happy to say that I will become their regular patient, and not just for emergency use as I did today.
5	When scheduling for your cleaning, ask for Miss Julia.... She's great!
5	Finally I can stop looking for a new dentist! I am admittedly picky;) I want exceptional service, a pleasant staff, to feel well informed and more all for a super bargain price! This is my 3rd dentist in two years and I don't think I'll ever leave! I have been thinking of doing Invisalign for years when I saw the $999 off Invisalign flyer from Boca. I figured it might be $999 off a price that just happened to be $999 more than the price quote that I had just gotten last month at Image Dental:/ Boy was I wrong!!! It was off a regular price that was already $550 less!!! Wow! It includes retainers and all your visits, no hidden fees. I'm a cash paying customer so let me tell you this is a huge deal, but I wasn't completely sold until I went into their office for a consult. Not only were they pleasant, thorough and completely helpful but they also fixed a problem with my crowns that had been causing me pain for years in 5 min at no cost! It was such a simple fix and I could not be more grateful to not have a throbbing pain when I bite down on that side. I cannot say enough about how excited I am to have found them! I will be recommending them to all my family and friends. I can't wait to be a walking advertisement for them and look as good as all their other "after" pics! :DOh and the icing on the cake was the organic chapstick they gave me when I mentioned my lips were dry. Now that's some thoughtful service:) I could go on but just do yourself a favor and check them out. You'll see I'm right!
5	Thank you Dr. Barruga and your staff for changing my smile.  I used to hold my mouth when I smiled due to a dead root in the front.  Now I can't stop smiling.  I have a lot of confidence and owe it to you and your staff.  Have a great Fourth of July weekend with your family. You deserve it! I will recommend you to all of my friends and family.
