5	Madison's great historic small concert venue.  Lot's of great bands play here.  I saw Weezer on their Pinkerton Tour with Nerf Herder (remember them? The Van Halen Song? Yes, I'm that old).
5	Arlo Guthrie, Henry Rollins, Toots and the Maytals are just a few of the bands on the line up this month. It's a great place to see a band, and they have good beers on tap too.
4	Absolutely awesome and historic venue. The acts that have come through this place in the last 20 years is absolutely astounding! I would kill to have been at this place in the early and mid-90s.Anyway, the place has good acoustics and a nice setting for just about any kind of music or event you can imagine.  It is hard to believe that this place used to be a porn theater! Though I think that is part of the charm.
4	I love seeing shows at the Barrymore. There isn't a bad seat in the house and there's nothing better than strolling over there for a concert after dining at Monty's. This would be a five-star review, but their website is awful. I'm a pretty experienced online shopper, but it's really frustrating if you want to go back to the homepage because you can't view your cart from there. I wonder how many people make mistakes and buy more tickets than they need?
5	The Barrymore is a great mid-size venue. Great sound, good sight lines, plenty of room to stand up front, and to top it all off, a ceiling of twinkling stars. Parking can be a little tricky, but after going a few times you learn the side streets. Some bands I've seen here include Stars, Bright Eyes, She & Him, Jonny Lang, The Mars Volta, and the Yeah Yeah Yeahs - one of the most memorable shows ever because Karen O. was swilling from a bottle of champagne, fell off the stage, and managed to keep singing the entire time without missing a note or spilling a drop.
4	Great place for live music. Excellent selection of local beers on tap, friendly staff.
4	I've seen a couple shows here.  Nice venue, good vibe.  Good bar selections.  They get a good diverse crowd.
4	I've been here for shows many times through the years.  The venue is small, but it is cozy and has lots of charm.  I've seen stand up comedy, concerts, and other events here and for pretty much all of them I'd say there isn't a bad seat in the house.  Since it is small though, it tends to get crowded very quickly  - and in general there is not assigned seating for the shows - so definitely show up early (before doors open) to get the best seats, or to make sure you sit together if you are with a large group.   Parking is not the best, but If you don't mind a small walk parking in the neighborhood behind the theater is your best option.
4	I love the Barrymore. I dig the vibe. I'm known to drive to Madison to see a show at the Barrymore even if the same band is playing the very next day at the Rave. It's a fact.  I like how laid back it is. I like the people who work there. I like the little plastic cups your beer comes in. I just plain like it.
2	I was here a few months ago to watch a live show and though I wasn't a huge fan of the artist I figured you can't really go wrong with a live show.  I think I may have been wrong.  The show was good enough but everything else was just meh.  Let's begin with the parking situation.  There is no parking situation.  I drove around for close to 20 minutes until I found something and though the spot I found ended up being pretty decent I did have to circle the block for 20 minutes before I found it.  They have a parking lot in the back but it is really small and was full before I got there. Additionally, I tried to get a drink before the show and tried to hit up a bar but there were no good bars in the area.  The bar I found, the name escapes me now, was cash only and looked so old.   With that said however, they did make a pretty good vodka gimlet.The Barrymore Theatre itself was not any better.  The ticket person was certainly less than a bowl of sunshine and I got in only to discover that they only took cash.  When a place only takes cash I usually vow to myself not return.  I think I am going to stick to that for this venue as well.
3	3.5 stars for the Barrymore Theater.I've been here to see a few shows over the years.  I've never really had a problem with the crowds or the seating. Yes, it does get a little bit packed for the GA shows, but if you get there early enough it's pretty easy to find the seating you want.  It's a decent place to see a show.  I had no problems finding parking around the corner from the venue, a few blocks away.  I had to walk a little, and in the wintertime that kind of sucks, but I would never pay for parking in this neighborhood.My favorite part of this venue is the 'star' curtain on the ceiling.  Very cool and it creates a lot of ambiance.  This is an older theater and I really enjoy the ornate woodwork along the walls. The sound is fantastic, too.If there's another artist that my husband and I want to see, we'll make the trek out to Madison to see it.
4	I've seen two of my favorite concerts in this theatre-Band of Horses and Dawes.  The size, history and proximity to my house are what I love about this place.  The drinks are slightly pricey but not crazy and the concert tickets are always reasonable-after just moving from Chicago I am astonished and happy as can be!  I would recommend coming here for a show anytime-plus there are several good restaurants/bars around!
5	I love this place, I really do! No rail so front row is right on the stage. The ambiance here is great and there's some cool bars and restaurants to hang at before the show. Waiting for a reason to come back. (Umphrey's!)
2	Yes the Barrymore has a solid East Side vibe, and decent acoustics but from the patron's point of view it is a pit.  The seats are cramped and uncomfortable.  The dance area is small and you get the hairy eyeball from the cranky front rowers if you want to groove.  I've seen them throw people out for even dancing a foot into the aisle...at John Hiatt!  If you end up in the balcony- give it up and go home.  Don't even want to mention the bathrooms, dirty taps and awful popcorn.  And yes it is in perpetual decline and there seems to be no will to fix it up.  Maybe the various east side music fetes should pool their resources and work on that.  But my biggest beef of all is the lack of reserved seating.  Completely asinine.  Why make people wait outside for an hour or more to attend an event.  What? Do you think it "builds character"? Sorry, it is just stupid.
2	In other cities or other years, I could see the Barrymore getting a higher score from me. But in the last few years, other venues in Madison have really stepped up their game, and the Barrymore doesn't seem to care about keeping up with its contemporaries.Its use of social media is near-archaic. The venue doesn't make an effort to create or even update pages for individual events, and good luck if you get any indication that a show is on track to sell out. And perhaps it's just my personal taste, but the Barrymore used to bring in excellent music acts on a much more regular basis. Now it just caters to the aging-hippie population of the neighborhood, preferring to fill its schedule with predictable offerings about far-left-leaning politics. These events don't offend my own political views, but they're often dull and serve as nothing more than an echo chamber for people who want their beliefs perpetually reaffirmed. They sell more tickets that way, so I'm not sure I can blame them for the strategy, but  I hardly ever like the shows there. Also, the tickets are 2-3 times more expensive than the tickets usually are at other live entertainment venues in town.The building itself isn't falling into disrepair, like the Orpheum is (heartbreakingly, I might add), but areas of infrastructure could certainly benefit from attention. There is no public WiFi, and you'll be hard-pressed to get cell phone reception, even in the balcony. I do appreciate that the open dance area is slanted a bit so that we vertically-challenged folks have a chance to see, but if you want to be able to sit and see the acts, the balcony is your best bet. It's not often open, however, especially for shows that haven't sold a ton of tickets. I don't recall this being a problem at prior events, but at the show I attended last night, there were constant problems with microphone feedback, often necessitating acrobatics by the band itself. The tap beer selection is good, but that's pretty standard in this town. Bottled beer selection pales in comparison to other venues, and the liquor and wine options are slim pickings. The bar is cash-only. The only ATM in the place charges a $4 fee for each use, so if you need to withdraw cash, make sure to get enough in one go. The line can be enormous, and often is bisected by people exiting and entering the theater. The bathrooms are fairly clean and well-stocked, although I've used them on more than one occasion to discover that they were out of soap, necessitating the use of their hand sanitizer instead.  Also, the saloon-style doors are an easy way to get smacked in the face entering and exiting the bathroom, so exercise plenty of caution around them. The bathrooms are so tiny that the lines are formed outside the doors. They also don't sell earplugs, so make sure you bring your own.Bottom line: in the rare event that they have a show I want to see, I'll go, but I make sure to bring plenty of cash, my own earplugs, and my plastic Barrymore cups (drinks are 50 cents cheaper when you remember to bring your cups back).
4	The Barrymore Theater and the Rousers.Spent the Night Cheatin and Drinkin at the Barrymore Theater May 17th.   I haven't been in the Atwood Ave area in over 20 years.  The whole area has a great Vibe going.  Looks like me and the Gal will have another place to hang out.  The Barrymore Theater...It may be old, it may have shown porn back in the day, but it still has the blinking stars on the ceiling.   This is a great place to watch a live band.  You got stadium seating if that is your thing, and enough room in front of the stage to dance.   Did I mention they have Tap beer??  Not just crappy tap beer, but 8 different craft beers.  I am a Fan!!!   4 Stars.The Rousers,What can I say?  Wow!   It must have been 1987 last time I saw the Greatest Rockabilly band ever.  It was amazing to hear songs off the Rousers "In without Knocking" EP.  I have the Vinyl but nothing to play it on, so I was excited to pick up a Frank Furillo Signed CD!    This was an epic show.  They sounded great, and their stage presence is second to none.  This was their 30th anniversary Show, and what a show it was.  They pulled out all the stops and left everything on stage.  It was great to see fellow former Mother's Pub employees and customers. I drove down from Minneapolis but I was talking to a guy who could bet that He came in from Montana to see the Band.  Let me just say I was blown away by the whole night. 6 out of 5 stars!!!!If you have never seen them.  You still have the chance.CELEBRATE FATHER'S DAY WITHTHE ROUSERSSUNDAY JUNE 15TH83rd ANNUAL COTTAGE GROVE FIREMAN'S FESTIVALCOTTAGE GROVE, WI2-5 PM IN THE BIG BEER TENTADMISSION IS FREE
1	Worst security at any venue I have ever experienced and way overpriced drinks. $9 for a double? Fuck that noise. Security goes through literally all of your stuff at the door, I've been through airports with hassle.
1	Came here for a concert and the security instantly assumed that I had been drinking which I had not. My friend was also hassled because he purchased his ticket online in advance and they were apparently unable to handle that transaction. Personally, I will not be attending any other performances here.
