5	LOVE this place!  such a welcoming & peaceful atmosphere.  this was my first time seriously trying out yoga, and i fell in love.  most classes offered are in the vinyasa style, and are pretty intense (in a good way)!  http://yoga.about.com/od/typesofyoga/a/vinyasa.htm  i would recommend trying one of the yoga basics classes if you are totally new to yoga.  however, the beautiful thing about yoga is that it can be adjusted to every skill level, and the instructors here are all super nice & helpful.  to sum up: the classes are challenging but also incredibly rewarding; the atmosphere & people are full of positive energy.  and if all of that isn't enough to convince you... there are free baked goods every day, and they are always delicious!  cookies + yoga... can't go wrong with that combo ;)
5	This is my favorite place in Charlotte for yoga...a nice variety of instructors and beautiful, open studio overlooking East Boulevard in Dilworth.  I love that they play interesting music and it varies with each instructor.The classes range from basics to deep stretch to Vinyasa.  You must see visit this studio to enjoy all it has to offer. They also offer a nice selection of yoga clothing and accessories.
5	Be Happy at Be Yoga!I've been to several studios in Charlotte, and I'm always impressed with Be Yoga. They offer regular specials to entice new & returning students. They offer a variety of classes to appeal to new & experienced yogis. Christine's classes are among my favorite in town! The front staff has gone out of their way to know me by name, even though i don't get to practice there as much as I'd like to, since I live in S CLT. They also offer a great assortment of clothes, yoga accessories & cool EcoCuffs.They've made some great improvements with the recent management & name change. Showers will be a great (future?) addition for morning & lunchtime yogis who need to get cleaned up for work.
1	I'm conflicted. I really enjoy practicing yoga and I appreciate new businesses trying to reach out to the public. However, my husband and I have been greatly disappointed at the business end of Be Yoga.Our initial visit was warm and welcoming (when it was Yoga Palace). The employee greeted us and gave a quick tour of the studio. After checking it out, we decided to commit to the month deal of $39 per person for unlimited classes. Then it took a turn for the worst...Our second visit was chaotic and definitely threw off our practice.The doors were locked, no sign indicating that the class was still scheduled, the teacher arrived 10 minutes before class and didn't have a key, and then he got on the phone to call someone to let us all in. The class started a bit late to say the least. When I went to officially register, the woman helping me told me that one of their class packages was a really great deal and I should buy it because the following day the price would change. The pricing didn't change the following day. Her sales pitch did not sit well with me, especially when she was late and then the price didn't actually change. They kept a business phone in the actual studio. I found it distracting when the phone rang...perhaps they can turn the ringer off or take the phone out of the studio area entirely and leave it at the front desk. When the studio changed owners, we were charged again. It has been a hassle to get refunded to say the least: 1) I called, the phone was disconnected; 2) I went to the studio and there was no clear indication that I could get refunded unless I tracked down the original owner; 3) I had to go to the original owner's other business to finally get reimbursed; 4) the studio manager emailed and said we could get a one-month credit to retry the new studio regardless of the reimbursement outcome; 4) When we emailed to start the complimentary month, the manager told us it was miscommunication and the offer was no longer valid since we were finally reimbursed for the double charge that I had to work for.I hope they are able to make significant customer service changes quickly because they have a lot of potential and are located in a great area. However, we will not be returning...no namaste here for me.
5	I first started going to Be Yoga back when it was Yoga Palace at the end of the summer.  The renovations and ownership change threw me for a bit of a loop, but I've started going back now that the renovations are complete, and I've enjoyed every class.The new space is really special, one of the most beautiful studio spaces in which I've practiced.  They've somehow managed to carve out space for a retail section where they sell nice pieces of yoga apparel with the Be Yoga logo and some great pieces of hand-crafted jewelry.I've been to both the vinyasa and deep stretch classes, and I've been happy with both styles of class.  The instructors have all been competent and compassionate.I love that Be Yoga is right around the corner, and I'll probably continue to take classes there at least a couple times a week.
5	Be YogaThere is a warm and  friendly staff here.  The instructors are knowledgeable and  give a wonderful class.   They offer a range of classes and at good times for when I cannot make an early class.  Looks great after the remodel.
5	I started at Be Yoga last year when it was YogaPalace.  Initially, I went because I had taken several of Christine Navarro's classes (at y2 & dharma) and she had quickly become my favorite yoga teacher in Charlotte. If you've taken any of her classes, you'll know why. I purchased the new client unlimited monthly special for $39 and that gave me the opportunity to try out every class and teacher and I fell in love with the place.  Then Groupon offered their new client special and i snatched up 3 right away. I hit the jackpot!  Since then there has been a transformation at Be Yoga - new name, new floors, new look, awesome apparel, but same fabulous teachers.  Christine is still my favorite, but i really enjoy everyone there - Audrey, Dar, Blake, Kaitlin and Ryan (doesn't teach, but always so pleasant when i check in).  I love that they know my name, my strengths and weaknesses and I always leave there feeling I've learned something about myself and gotten a great workout or stretch. I'm on my last unlimited monthly at the discounted price, but that's okay, they offer great specials and $5 classes, so I'll still be a frequent yogi at their studio!  Thank you to the staff @ Be Yoga, you've helped me love yoga even more!
4	I've driven by Be Yoga umpteen times and I've even walked through the studio and met the staff for this past January's Yelp Kicks Butt. I finally got the chance to give the studio a try with a lunch time vinyasa class with Christine Navarro. I rolled up here on a Friday ready for the 12:10-1:00 vinyasa class. The studio, newly painted and sporting new floors, look really lovely. There's plenty of natural light flooding the area and the view (above Menchie's Frozen Yogurt) looks onto the tree lined East Blvd. The practice itself was just what I needed. For $8, this lunch hour vinyasa stretched and challenged me without being overbearing. The room was warm but not hot and there was plenty of space to practice without bumping in to my neighbor. They offer plenty of classes and class times but honestly, the lunch vinyasa will probably be the most oft visited class for me. Looking forward to heading back soon for more down dogs and pigeons!
5	Point blank, Be Yoga studio in Dilworth is where it's at.  Offering everything a professional yoga studio should, I am continuously amazed by how well this team manages to run such a well-oiled machine, so to speak. With quality instructors, a beautifully clean, serene yoga room that sends vibes of warmth and gratitude to every student (new and old) that enters the room,  to well-balanced sequences that challenge both the mind and body without leaving you feeling depleted or in need of a nap, they've got something for literally everyone.With the seemingly endless studios around the Charlotte area, it's nice to feel "at home" when you first walk in and then begin to settle onto your mat. It's quality vs. quantity all the way at Be Yoga. The time is actually taken to breathe deeply and enjoy a short meditation both at the beginning and end of each class. You don't immediately chatauranga to the back of your mat without finding some uijai breath first. A strong emphasis is finding your natural proper alignment - the lack of mirrors allows you to feel your way into the pose instead of watching what you look like for an hour. That is something very unique as opposed to other studios that tend to be a big ego-breeding.  I am also continuously impressed with the friendly front desk staff who are always eager to answer any questions or help a student choose the best package to suit their personal needs. In addition to the aforementioned pros of this studio, they also sponsor a local charity each month, offering donation-based classes allowing the proceeds to be directly donated to that organization. Check Be Yoga out. There's a second location at Carmel and 51 that just opened as well. Obviously they are doing more than just a little something right to have two wonderful locations!
5	This was a LOVELY studio to stumble into - I had the great pleasure of practicing 4 days here while in town visiting relatives. It is the great combination of a teeny bit of zen, a focus on form, and a sweaty workout. You will leave here taller and exhilarated and sore and psyched. I've also been to YogaOne in Charlotte - and while I love the workouts there, the whole clapping-and-whopping at the end of class is a total turnoff. If i want that I'd be at a step class, not yoga.I did a few of the lunchtime vinyasa classes - LOVE - and also took the inversion workshop with Christine. Wow. One of the best classes I've ever had. If you're on the fence, check it out. You won't regret it.
4	This yoga studio is close to my office. I've only gone here on Wednesdays for lunch with Shane as the instructor. He's tough and pushes you. Staff is friendly. The main practice area is clean, spacious-plenty of room you don't feel so claustrophobic. It's usually mix of levels during lunch but you don't feel out of place. It's only and hour long so you definitely get your $8 worth of yoga and more.
5	I took the Intro to Yoga sessions with Kellie Jackson.  It couldn't have been better.  The class and the instructor was warm and welcoming.  I learned so much and have so much more confidence when I attend a regular session.
5	Loved my first class! Kellie was the yogi of the Align and Flow class. (I think that's the name for it.) She was amazing. I am very new to yoga but know that I felt great leaving her class. Smaller class sizes than I imagined it'd be. Maybe 15 women in the one class. It's a small intimate location but very clean and very nice. Everyone there is extremely kind and warm. Very glad I found this studio so close to home! Will be practicing a lot more thanks to Be Yoga! Oh and they have aerial yoga here! Namaste!
3	I just started practicing again from a year and a half hiatus and have found the deep stretch classes to be a great way ease myself back into yoga.A co-worker, cognizant of my intention to start up again, bought me a gift card for Be Yoga for Christmas and I decided to purchase a 2 month pass after having a pleasant first experience.It is a small and cozy studio right in the center of Dilworth and shares a crowded parking lot with several other businesses. Parking is usually a toss up and I have had to park on the opposite side of the lot (near Harris Teeter) multiple times. I wish the parking lot was lighted a little better at night, though I realize this is not Be Yoga's fault.Out of the three instructor's I've had I absolutely loved one and wasn't so impressed with the other two. Deep Stretch should be slow, relaxing, and mindful and two of the instructor's spoke too much and too fast and seemed to make the positions more complex than they ought to be.Wednesday night classes have about 7-10 people whereas the Sunday night class I attended was jammed pack with nearly 20--too many for my liking.One of my favorite parts of a yoga class has always been a guided meditation during shavasana but I have yet to find an instructor that incorporates this into class at Be Yoga.Overall, Be Yoga is definitely worth trying out and if I were to base this review solely on the Wednesday night Deep Stretch class it would be 5 stars.
4	Nice calm atmosphere, friendly knowledgeable instructors-did not make me feel intimidated.
5	I'm a relative "newbie" to Yoga, but have been to 10 studios since I've started. Of all of them, BE YOGA is my FAVORITE and BEST. . . by far!Wendy, in particular, is a gifted instructor. She intuitively knows how to guide her students through class. Plus, her style is supportive and encouraging, which is key for an individual new to yoga like myself. The Studio and facilities are first class and provide great energy. It's obvious that plenty of time and money have been invested in making it look so great. Even the "little things" are well thought out giving proof that they thought things through from the student's perspective. That's why it's not only the big things. . . but, these little things that make BE YOGA my FAVORITE studio to practice Yoga.For all of this. . . and, more. . . I give BE YOGA a score of 5 out of 5 Sun Salutations!!!
5	Some background: prior to an injury two years ago, I was a semi-regular student at Be Yoga. Then I couldn't do anything remotely like yoga for a long while--at least, I wasn't willing to risk it. Yesterday, I returned (triumphant?) to practice. I was remembered and welcomed. It was a good class.Be Yoga counts among its staff and teachers some of the most patient and caring people I've ever worked with. The instruction is thorough but not pushy, with classes available at every level from blundering novice to seasoned yogi. Some sessions are simple work sessions, others designed to teach or refine one's practice. The 'deep stretch' sessions in particular are a joy and very relaxing.As a fella that's stiff and out of shape, one might expect to get looked at sidewise when entering a yoga studio. That's never happened--not from the staff, and not by the other students. It's a rare thing to cultivate a community that's welcoming and open, kind and encouraging. So much of any kind of physical practice, weights, aerobics, spin classes, etc are competitive. Be Yoga is a welcome reprieve.Take a class. Take two. You'll be back if you do.
5	I have been going to Be Yoga since January 2014.  I tried another yoga studio before but fell in love with Be Yoga and decided to get a year membership.  I never feel intimidated here, even when I venture to the intermediate classes, which I'm no where near as good as those students, but I try anyways.  Why Not! I love the variety of classes they offer, the poses of the month, and their caring staff and knowledgeable yoga instructors.  I live near the Carmel location but go to both East Blvd and Carmel.  My favorite instructors are Kellie Jackson (align and flow), Ashley Voyer (slow flow), and Wendy Swanson (deep stretch - held in the room with the aerial silks which is so pretty ).   I'll never go anywhere else.
5	I have tried a few places and be yoga is my absolute favorite. Although a bit pricy I find it well worth it. The instructors are allPhenomenal and really care. I have never felt "out of place" as a newcomer. I highly recommend practicing here.
5	Oh my god! I am totally in love with the studio! I'm a beginner and was not looking for anything super hard core. The deep stretch classes and slow flo are perfect for me, they take it slow and make sure you are comfortable. I think my favorite part is when they give you a cold river stone to place on your heart during shavasana, it sounds silly but it makes helps you relax a lot faster. The instructors are super sweet and you can tell that they love their jobs and put a lot of effort into making sure you have a great experience.
