4	Though I have only visited this cafe once briefly for a business meeting, even that quick coffee was a memorable experience. While munching on a piece of delicious passionfruit cake, all I could do was marvel at the beautiful woodwork detailing the restaurant. Handcrafted tables, sleek but warm design, and a state-of-the-art glass-encased kitchen to keep the cooking staff cool in the heat. Amazing! Friendly service packed full of charm.
4	There are only a couple of decent joints near the CBC building on Rene-Levesque that I could recommend for a small bite in a pleasurable atmosphere. Thank goodness De Farine has arrived on the scene! The owner and chef has done a great job on maintaining a balance between friendly and efficient. Her innovative pastries are incredible: try the bacon and cheddar croissant, corn muffin, or matcha biscotti-like treat. Her sous-pastry chef puts love into every goodie she bakes. The smoothies are cray-cray (they accommodate for non-dairy too). The interior is visually unique to the Village too: minimal-baroque mixed with rustic, exposed wood. De Farine in a word? Charming!
4	I didn't get to stay but I did pick up a cake on the fly for a good friend of mine's birthday.  She's not much of a dessert person, but I do know that she enjoys a not-too-sweet slice once in a while. The service was great, I got some help picking out  a Coconut-Lemon Olive Oil Cake and found a cat cookie to place on top! (She's one of those cat people) I did notice how busy the cafe was, and wished to stay for a cup. They had these cute little cakes inside variety of cake stands.Side Note: I kinda love the business card, it's simple, and to the point, and not of typical size.Taste verdict: 8 of us enjoyed the cake a lot, and she shared the cat cookie with us, that for some reason tasted like berries to us! The cake was moist, not overpoweringly lemony, and most important not uber sweet! I can't wait to try the other products here.
5	Le meilleur sandwich au Saumon bio en ville!
4	Friendly, fresh and nice atmosphere. The food is clearly made with care.
4	I stopped in to pick up a few treats and stayed for a cappuccino and a brioche. The coffee was delicious, and the brioche (topped with icing and filled with raisins) was one of the best I have had. Though at first I was disappointed that it was a bit small, the taste was incredible. The ratios of bread to icing to raisins was perfect and I think the size was perfect, actually. The donuts looked delicious also, and next time I want to try one. Another patron was eating a salad which looked very good.I took home a small box of cookies to have with my afternoon tea, and they were all great. The earl grey cookies could have been a bit more flavorful. However, the taste of earl grey, or similar flavor profiles like lavender or rose, is also easy to overdue, and I would rather have too little flavor than too much. The other cookies I got were playfully decorated. I especially loved the chocolate 'bisous' cookies.I will definitely come back for a coffee and a snack. DFEF has a wonderful atmosphere - nicely decorated, clean, and quiet - and is great for getting some work done. I would consider purchasing one of their exquisite looking cakes, but perhaps only for a special occasion since they are a bit pricey. Still, you get what you pay for, and here you are definitely paying for high-quality foods that are expertly prepared.
4	Cute place. Fantastic bakery items. Very accommodating with English speaking customers. Highly recommend the brioche cinnamon rolls. They were amazing! We even got more to go for the next morning.
4	+++Free WiFi++Very small, quaint, cute shopEgg salad sandwich with bacon on pumpernickel was good without being too eggyWife enjoyed egg on English muffinThat cappuccino bowl was F'ing HUGE. Its like 6 American cappuccinos, probably more. But, it's not as strong as American cappuccino. +Good coffeeAlthough we didn't order he price fixe brunche, it looked scrumptious, however it looked like A LOT of food...order only if your hungryDonut was good-For some reason, I expected more out of the orange juice
4	Very  trendy and cozy.  enjoyed  my Espresso in a very  relaxed way! Probably  not the ideal snack  place,  but if you are up for  a hot cup of coffee while watching the winter  outside,  the place is an ideal location.
3	Let's start with the pros: 1. What a lovely place! I really didn't expect it, specially in this area! The interior design is really great.2. The food looks awesome! It's a decoration by itself. Now the cons: 1. Unfortunately, the food is not as tasty as it looks (greasy or too sweet), which is even more disappointing considering the average price.2. Laptop owners be aware that during lunch break (starting at 11.30 am) you won't be allowed to stay in the common area, you'll have to seat at the counter, the very smelly one (right in front of the kitchen), even if the place is totally empty. 3. It is veryyyy quiet. Don't expect to meet or talk to anyone here, as it is clearly not the purpose. Basically it's the kinda place where you feel lonely, but if it's what you aim for, go for it! Bring a book, and it would be your best friend!
