5	Here is an HONEST, GENUINE place to take your car! The guys there are stand up guys all the way. Took my car there recently for what I thought would be rear brakes. As it turned out after inspecting my car, I needed a new master cylinder. They replaced it, completed the job in just a couple of hours and I had my car back. I have been to many places in the past that would have done the brakes too. And I would have spent more $$$ to get them replaced, because I didn't know any better. And they would have gladly taken me for it too. These guys showed me a brand new set of brakes to compare them with the ones on my car so I could see that there was not much wear on them and they would be just fine. Can't recall any other time I have EVER been in any kind of a car repair place that didn't try to stick it to you each and every time they had a chance. I really appreciated the way these guys took care of me. Will definitely bring my cars back there as needed for service and repair. I highly recommend Just Brakes! And by the way... they also had the best prices on brake services too which is why I was there in the first place.
4	Finally got a thorough review of my brakes! Finally found the real problem! Thank you Just Brakes! You guys are great! I'm also impressed with your friendliness to the neighborhood. My youngest daughter needed to do a film for school and these guys let the kids shoot a short  "educational video" on how to check your car for reapirs. That was really awesome of them and they sure didn't have to agree to it! VERY COOL IN MY BOOK!
5	These guys were great. The fixed my brakes today and charged me less than the estimate. Wow!
1	Typical mechanic! BEWARE!! I had my brake pads changed (for $99) and was of course told a list of other frivolous things my car needed. My brakes started squeezing 3 days later so I had my brother in law, who is a mechanic, take a look. He informed me that they only replaced 2 of my pads and used cheap, thin pads on those!  Thanks a lot Just for Brakes....more like, Give me a brake!!
1	Only one start for these reasons only: only one worker showed up and he was nice as can be BUT  I was in lobby when the other mechanic called and said he'd be late- 2 hours later- and I was the first person here on Black Friday and they still haven't touched my brakes- tires are off but so are the 6 other cars that the line mechanic pulled in- I feel bad for the guy BUT don't put an add out and send them to people's emails and not expect to be bumbarded with customers. To top it all off Yes I understand it's just the lone person, people are still trying to get work done, there is a line now, and they told me it'll be done by noon. Moral is, even when you get up early and head out to conquer your day, you've hurried up just to wait.
1	Talk about a "hook and crook" business. I called them to ask for a quote for an oil change and the guy told me $29.99. When I pull up in my company van he tells me that my van probably takes synthetic oil at a price of $59.99 and it is only good for up to five quarts, which mine probably takes more. When I got home I looked up the type of oil my van takes and of course it is standard 5W 30.... Stay away from these scammers.....
5	Loved this place. Workers were very honest and worked on my car the same day I called. Owner showed us what exactly was wrong with my car and how they were going to fix it. Would highly recommend this place!
1	This place wanted to charge me $357.00 to change the front pads on my vehicle.Told me my rotors could not be turned and needed to be replaced.Also told me my front brakes were missing hardware.Long story short, went to a shop on Charleston and Mohave.They replaced my pads, turned my rotors and replaced missing hardware all for $ 135.00!! Do yourself a favor if you don't want to be taken for a fool, STEER CLEAR of this shop. They're scammers!!
