1	One would typically think that going through a drivethrough may somewhat insinuate someone might be eating in the car! Hub ordered a chicken sandwich (plain, only cheese), myself, 3 small sides (corn, mashed potatoes and mac and cheese). We are told this will be 17 dollars!? Wow! So this starts a car fight of how this can possibly be so? So, when we get the window, it's actually 13. Okay, that's better. As we pull off to head to our event for the evening, we open the bag to find there is no fork, no napkins, and  his sandwich is the absolute farthest thing from "Plain". Sauce ran off the wrapper into his hand. Crap, if only we'd had a napkin!?If you come here check your order well, and if planning non inside dining, bring your own silverware and napkins! Or swear and run across to the Fry's deli across the street for the items.
3	Well I must say that Boston market has gone through a lot of changes over the years and this one near my apt. is no exception. The drive-thru concept is unusual for this kind of establishment....but it is efficient. The staff is very friendly....and the place is very clean as well. They always have specials and deals for the entire family....rather it is just for two....or an entire group. I guess though it has lost some of it's appeal from the older Boston Markets I am used to.....and that is why I gave only 3 stars. However it is a good place to eat....and the prices are not to bad. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
5	Been to this location three times now and the service here has been excellent. The employees are always so nice and really seem to go the extra mile to be friendly. Kudos to Kenn that was working the drive thru tonight! Very thorough and pleasant!
2	First I should say that this review doesn't reflect the service of the employees.  They were great.  Boston Market recently came out with a rib or rib/chicken combo.  Both myself and my husband decided to try the rib/chicken combo.  Did NOT LIKE the ribs at all (they are st louis style and they have a horrible texture, too much fat and not enough meat and the sauce is lousy.  Actually didn't like the chicken too much either  :(Our sides were the garlicky lemon spinach and mac and cheese and both these were very good as was the biscuit.  For what you pay this meal is definitely not worth it.
4	Online ordering and promo codes found on Retail Me Not . com makes this a no brainer! Boston Market is pretty standard American fare but it is good and if you stick to the traditional sides you will enjoy your meal. Because I order online this is always a quick and pleasant experience for me plus this location is extremely close to home so I am  regular here but I don't always check in on Yelp, LOL to show it.
4	I've been here several times. The drive through service is really fast. The staff is very friendly. It is right on the corner of 40th street and Thunderbird.  The dining area is clean and  neat. Remy is great. He's always friendly and helpful.
