5	Honest people who do honest work. Fair prices and George the owner is always there to answer you questions. They stand behind their work 100%.  I trust my mom and sister's cars here, there is no one better.
5	I have been going here for about 3 years now on a referral from a friend.  I finally decided that I should at the very least repay George for his honest and good work on my car by writing a good review for him here. Everytime I have had to bring my car in, it has been a great experience. He charges fair prices for high quality work.  But the most important thing about this shop is the honesty.  Something that is severely lacking in most of the auto repair community.  Instead of adding on items that "need" to be repaired to up my bill, he will tell me when I don't need something.  That is worth its weight in gold. Most recently, I brought my car in because it was having problems starting. Sun Devil Auto said I had a bad starter and needed a new serpentine belt along with it. A $500.00 repair. George told me the truth. It was a dying battery and my serpentine belt still had several months left on it. I left happily in less than an hour and only spent about $100.00.  Easily the best mechanic I have ever had. As long as George continues to run Rob's Quality Automotive I will go there.
5	I purchased a deal chicken deal for 3 oil changes from this place. It came with a coupon card that offered 15% off of a cv boot replacement. Well it just so happened I needed a new cv boot so this was perfect!I scheduled my cv boot replacement during my 2nd out of 3 oil changes. I specified that I would be on a time restraint and would only have 2 hours for the work to be done. I was assured that would be no problem at allWell things happen, right? The company that sent the part over sent the wrong part. George said that he would have them bring the right one right away and I would still be out of there in time. Well lucky me, they still didn't bring the right part for the second time. I was pretty upset because I had to drive back to Scottsdale to pick up the little girl from school that is my charge as a nanny. So George offered to let me drive his personal car that happens to have the same size car seat I use installed in it. Since the little one I had to pick up was not my child I was not comfortable doing this. But what I nice gesture! So I rescheduled the service for the following day and left after two hours of my time wasted for an oil change. So why the 5 stars? Because George replaced my cv boot for no cost, due to my troubles the prior day. Awesome! Even though this was not his fault, he ate the cost and made the customer happy, hoping I will return. And I will, for sure!
5	Very impressed with the customer service here!  George and the boys are most courteous and helpful!  The prices are VERY fair, in fact, beat the competition and dealerships by a long shot!    I can certainly see why there are so many repeat customers - there are thank-you notes displayed around the lobby! If you are looking for a small business with a diligent and trustworthy reputation, This is YOUR TEAM!!!
5	A great garage with a great owner.  George goes above and beyond to provide quality service, fair prices, and detailed explanations of what's wrong with your car.  A recent experience demonstrates the honesty of this shop.  I had some engine lights turn on and auto zone ran a diagnostic that suggested some larger problems but after taking the car to George I found out that it turned out to just be a dying battery.  There is no other place in town I'll take my vehicles.
1	I should give negative stars!! Went in for an oil change and trip check Friday April 25, 2014. I had planned a surprise Disneyland trip for my family and needed everything in tip top shape. Well right before our last mountain pass to San Diego, my check engine light is flashing and you smell something burning. There was a heaven sent heavy machinery auto shop at the top of the mountain that helped us as much as they could. Surprise surprise! My oil plug wasn't put back in properly. My car leaked all the oil. The engine ran so rough it broke my motor mount...now there is oil in the spark plug well. A cylinder went out, and ive went though 8 quarts of oil in 4 days!!! We cant even register an oil reading. Now I'm stuck in Anaheim, CA and I have work tomorrow. Kids have school. Completely ruined this trip!! Shame on you guys!!! This is not the end of this....STAY AWAY!!!!!! These good reviews must be friends of the owner....super shady!!!!
5	Trustworthy staff, low prices, and friendly customer service. What more do you want?
