2	We enjoyed a tasty meal here -- two excellent curries, prepared exactly as we ordered them (very spicy).  Naan was reasonably priced ($1.49) and just right -- hot, fresh, but not drenched in butter.  We were shocked to get such good Indian food in a suburban location in a city not known for its Indian cuisine.Apparently this location used to host a restaurant called India Gate.  Restaurant.com is still selling vouchers for India Gate.  This new location won't honor them -- ask them if they're India Gate, and they'll say yes.  (I asked "Is this India Gate?" and the hostess replied "Yes.")  One of their menus still says India Gate.  But expect them to honor the discount, and you'll be disappointed.  They initially claimed to be totally unaware of the problem but on further questioning admitted that at least one other customer had come in with the same problem.  Follow-up emails were equally unsuccessful at resolution.  I'd give them 4 stars for food, maybe even 5 in light of the alternatives in the area ... but unethical behavior like this earns a huge drop.
4	The food is great.  I've been there for the buffet and regular dinner, and I've never been disappointed.  The food is so good.  The service isn't great; many of the servers don't seem to speak English well, but that's probably why the food is so good... it's authentic.  Overall, highly, highly recommended.
5	Soo yummy! I've been to several buffets and have had many homemade meals at friends' houses. This buffet is very good. Not sure where the bad reviews are coming from? The food is very flavorful. The best is the fried vegetable that is a circle (maybe eggplant?), the mushroom mattar and chicken tikka. Naan is not that great but everything else is so satisfying and good! I can't wait to go back. Oh they aren't open for buffets on Monday anymore (found that out the hard way).
5	One of the best buffets!  Fresh, hot & full of flavor.  The staff is friendly & very attentive.  We keep coming back because of the cleanliness, foods variety & the best staff.  If you haven't been, you have to go.
5	Food is solid and service it's very good. Enjoyed the atmosphere and beverages. Buffet is affordable and fresh
4	We had the Butter Chicken and Chicken Vindoloo(spicy) w/ a side of Garlic Naan. Service was great very friendly staff and the food was delish! My firmed thought the Butter Chicken was too spicy for his preference and they gladly remade it with less spice. They sold several craft beers and had a full bar. Overall,  *thumbs up!*
