5	Mike Fox is amazing! We had him for our wedding reception I was extremely worried about the music because the crowd was so diverse. younger, older, half liked country half couldn't stand it so on and so on. He kept everyone dancing all night not one complaint all the guest loved him could not stop saying how perfect the music was!
5	Mike did our wedding, totally amazing.  Not enough great things to say about him. He delt with crazy mother in law, got everyone dancing, had props for rhe kids and adults(father innlaw danced like Elvis). He provide memories I didnt know were possible and now will never forget and treasure.  Thank you
5	As a bride planning my destination wedding from across the country, I was worried about my vendor choices. After several conversations with other DJ services in Vegas, I wasn't very impressed. Luckily, several of my other vendors recommended Mike and I'm so glad they did!! Mike is awesome. Very responsive through emails and phone calls. My now husband is a bit picky when it comes to his music selections. Mike was so nice despite our multiple emails with music song playlists, requests. etc! Mike was very professional yet easy going. His jokes during the reception were hilarious. He knew exactly how to read the crowd in order to keep the party going. We had a blast- Thanks Mike for your incredible expertise!!!!!
5	Greatest wedding Dj! Had so many compliments after my wedding. Plays fun music, Taylor's the night to the guests. Would highly recommend
5	Our son'a destination wedding in Vegas 2 months ago was so much fun because of the expertise of Mike Fox. We had 40 people present...half over50 and half under 30 with various tastes in music. Our daughter in law told him she wanted everyone dancing. Mike has that British accent and wit and the absolutely amazing ability to read the crowd well so he could use the right people as catalysts for getting everyone else up. He had props that he tossed out at the most appropriate times, and by the end of the night, he had EVERYONE...including the most ardent non-dancers...on the floor. We heard from so many that he was the best dee jay ever. We would love to bring him to the east coast with us. His price was much better than we find out east too. Highly recommend!!!
