5	Paul Padilla comes to my house every six or so months to service my RO system. I consider him a member of a dying breed - a repair person who takes pride in his work.When Paul comes over he's pleasant and charming. He's very tidy, emptying out the under-sink contents and making quick work of changing the filters and assuring that all parts are in good working order. He always shows me the filter (the worst part of the experience because it's always disgusting), cleans up after himself and takes all his trash with him. The only evidence he leaves is better tasting water.In contrast, other repair people I've had in the house have damaged floor tile, left their trash or other messes (one person actually left pounds of sawdust everywhere), they're rude, dismissive and often do a half-ass job. These people are at the opposite pole from my RO guy, Paul.Paul does a terrific job, he's reasonable and he gets to you within a day or two. Use his service, you'll be glad you did.
5	Paul was extremely helpful and explained everything he was doing and why. He didn't replace things that didn't need replacing and told me where I could buy the filters myself if I ever wanted to do it on my own. He didn't seem bothered that my dogs were trying to "help" him. I wouldn't consider anyone else for this type of work.
5	Paul is awesome!  He quickly diagnosed and fixed our system and also explained how everything works and how to do our own troubleshooting.  He not only changed out the damaged filter but also trimmed and re-set all the plastic tubing, drained and reset the tank and checked out all the manifold connections.  Totally professional and courteous. Very reasonable price!!! AAA+++ rating!!!
5	I am completely floored by how amazing Paul's service is. I have never met anyone so giving of his time, his knowledge and his kindness.  He showed us how to take care of our water filtration system all by ourselves, spending more than 30 minutes explaining how to fix the problem we were having, how to troubleshoot another problem we may have in the future and what to do for regular maintenance of our system.  He didn't recommend we replace ANYTHING to fix our system, and he didn't charge us anything?  It was crazy.  He said he didn't have to repair anything, so he wasn't going to charge us.  I am never going to call another company.
5	Paul is unbelievable. Very helpful. Conscientious about how much you will be spending, but also wants to do things right. He very clearly outlined my options even over the phone - including options of not using his services. When he did come I could see that he was very particular and did the job very carefully and completely. The job started taking longer than he expected but he insisted on me paying him for the original guesstimate of time. Very patient, very helpful, very good at explaining what he is doing. He has been in the specific RO business for years and takes pride in what he does. I can't say enough good about this man. I found him on Yelp and saw all the good reviews and thought I'd give him a try. I'm glad I did. I would recommend calling him and talking to him. You will know right away that he is the man for your job.
5	What a great guy!  I had a leak under my sink and he explained to me how to stop it until he could get here to fix it.  He really takes pride in his work.  He explained to me how to my RO system worked why it was leaking.  He doulble checks his work and is a very personal able.  A true find!  He's on my list if fix it guys forever!!!!!
5	Paul is an amazing technician! He's prompt, courteous and professional. I called to find out more about his service after reading the rave reviews on Yelp. He just happened to have an opening and could be at my house within the next hour! I was thrilled after getting less than great service from another large water filter service company last year. It pays to shop around. Not only did Paul beat the annual service price of the other, large R/O service company, but his service was way better than theirs. Paul took the time to explain how well my system was functioning. He didn't try to sell me anything, unlike the other major R/O filter service company. No pressure, not hassles and great customer service. Paul is the friendliest water technician you'll ever meet. He takes great pride in his customer service. I'll definitely call him the next time. Thanks Paul!
5	Had family coming into town soon and Paul worked us into his busy schedule the next day.  He had great communication and was on time.  Paul diagnosed the problem over the phone and made recomendations if needed.  Very honest and meticulous.  He fixed our R/O in a timely manner and tested the water to make sure it was working.   I also call a few other R/O companies to make sure he was in range and he was below all of them.  I would recommend Paul to anyone with R/O issues or install.
5	Ok...I needed help with an R.O. system on an estate I manage so I Googled it. Paul's name came up and even though I didn't believe the all 5-star ratings I was hoping for the best. Now I am a believer - not only was Paul & his Son Christopher professional, prompt and knowledgeable, they were incredibly affordable and helpful at every step. They went above & beyond and gave me every reason to give them 5 stars...I would give more if possible!! I highly recommend them for your filter or drinking water needs or questions and wish there were more like them in other trades.Thanks Paul & Chris...you are the BEST!
5	I tried to get Paul to my house. Couldn't do it. Booked til after the 24th. So I went back to yelp, and saw mention of Pauls son Christopher. Called him up. He came right away. The apple didn't fall far from the tree. And get this; Chris can be reached anytime! I'm glad I did keep trying.
