1	Absolute rubbish and RUDE service by the day time waitress.  Greasy fries that were "hand cut" and very slow service resulted in a nearly 2hr lunch that left none of us satisfied.  Don't waste your time, the Tilted Kilt is in the same parking lot and offers far better food (I can't believe I said that) and far friendlier service.
4	I went to see my friends dad play here the other night and I had a great time. I was pleasantly surprised at the filet I ordered. I was expecting bar quality meat so I was blown away at the tender juicy filet on my plate covered in a delicious mushroom gravy. It was paired with instant mashed potatoes (boooo) and some veggies. My friends got the fish tacos and said they were delicious.  The band was awesome and our bartender was super cute and very friendly. I will definitely be back.
4	The food was actually very good. The steak, garlic mashed potatoes, and vegetables were very flavorful and cooked exactly as ordered.The $ 2 draft beers were great and cold. Service was very good.The only complaint we had was that we had to wait longer than normal for our main course which might have been a due to a slow kitchen because when the food arrived it was hot. I would eat here again.
1	I purchased a gift certificate from LocalDines for this place as it is close to home so I thought we'd give it a try.  Upon arriving, we presented it to our waitress who informed us that the manager no longer accepts them, even though I only bought it a week ago.  Now I have to try to get a refund on the certificate since they won't honor the deal that they made.  We were also informed that they no longer do 1/2 off bottle of wine night on Friday's (even though their website STILL says they do).  They did give us a discount for the trouble, but that doesn't make up for their bait and switch on the gift certificate (which was $10 for a $30 gift cert) and the false advertising on their own website.  The waitress was very nice about it so we decided to stay since we were already there.The food was typical to above average for a bar, drink prices were nothing special even at happy hour.  I had the Chicken Cesar Focaccia which was a little dry and not really as tasty as what I'm accustomed to at Zipps.  My wife liked her salad and soup, generous for a 1/2 salad.  They did not make a good first impression so I don't anticipate going back.  If they're not willing to do what's right based on their promotions and own advertising then I'm not going waste my time with them in the future.  Just not good business.
4	It was early on a Saturday, was greeted warmly by the bartender, who was the only person serving the smallish bar area. We dat ourselves and were quickly met for our drink order, beers were 2 bucks for 26oz drafts (nice!) my partner ordered the pizza, it was hot and pretty fresh tasting, I had the waitress order me whatever she wanted! I like doing this from time to time to see their knowledge of the menu. Good food and a fun place to watch the game....
4	This little neighborhood dive is not very busy late at night - I'm not sure why though... It has a dark classic bar atmosphere, good tunes, fair drink prices, and a smoke-friendly patio. Legends also has plenty of flat screens if you're into sports. I'll be back!
3	I hear Legends recently closed, was sold, and is being redone to re-open soon. Fingers crossed as North Scottsdale needs a good little neighborhood hole.
