5	Arrangements are so cute!  Gina has quite a sense of style and a niche for vintage.  Yes, the arrangements are silk and most brides are too picky and want "real" flowers.  But lets be honest, if you can't tell then difference, they are HALF THE PRICE, and you can keep them for years to come as keepsakes, then who wouldn't want to partake?  Not getting married yet, but i've got her number saved for that special day!
5	i'm a flower snob. SNOB. i work in the events industry and scoff at anything other than the top-tier of freshest, most innovative, arrangements.GLD is reinventing what "fresh" means in the world of wedding flowers.  she's opened my eyes to what it means to see silk arrangements at a wedding - silk can be sexy. she's compassionate, creative, and knows her stuff.  even if you're on the fence about the whole silk thing, it's worth a call.  feathers, vintage enhancements, and dried flowers add the perfect embellishment to a completely FRESH look. love it so.
5	GLD is amazingly stylish, as is Gina herself.  I'm impressed with her use of color in the designs; they are very intricate and individualized.  I know I could never do it myself!  Because her materials are not as perishable as flowers, you can get finer details without paying significantly more.Using silk and other floral decor is much more Earth-friendly and responsible. It saves on cost and the carbon footprint of growing, refrigerating, and long-distance transporting.  I love that the beautiful designs can last forever, it's a lot less wasteful.  Gina is also very helpful, responsible, and is happy to work with people.
5	I could not be more happier with Gina Louisa Designs!  Gina has made me the most beautiful silk hair piece and matching belt sash for my wedding day.  She put so much thought, creativity and care to these pieces and it really shows! Super affortable and the work is exquisite!  Thank you so much Gina for the special touches, the vintage badazzlements and the passion that so evident in your work- I cannot wait to wear them on my wedding day~  JessV
5	I met Gina at the Indie Wed Bridal expo, and instantly fell in love with her style and artistic vision.  I, of course, was not engaged yet, but I eagerly ran to find her the following year at Indie Wed once I was engaged. Gina is amazing because she listens to your vision, gathers ideas for other aspects for your wedding, and most importantly when my venue went bankrupt she gave me recommendations for new places based upon my fiance and my vision for our Rat Pack themed wedding.  I had discussed with Gina my vision on the phone, and at our first meeting she brought a record with a purple center (identical to my save-the-date), a vibrant bouquet, and sparkly earrings.  Her vision and my vision were dead-on.  Gina kept me updated over the past eight months on the progress of my order through beautiful pictures.  She even came to me while I was dog sitting in Burr Ridge to deliver my flowers.  Gina is amazing.  Her product is amazing.  I would highly recommend Gina to anyone.  I have already started pushing all of my friends to use her for their weddings and events.  I promise to add more pictures after the wedding.
5	Gina is a delight to work with and a faux floral genius! I used her for my August wedding and people raved about my flowers. No one could tell they were fake! They turned out beautiful and just the way I wanted. Gina sends you pictures along the way and I had my flowers at my house complete and ready to go in March and my wedding was not until August. I also had to order a few extra arrangements closer to the wedding and it was no problem. Gina is so friendly and personable too and will make you feel like you're an old friend. I highly recommend Gina!
