5	I haven't been to many convention facilities, but the Phoenix Convention Center (formerly the Phoenix Civic Plaza, which was a dumb name, btw) really shines.   Compared to the LA Convention Center, this place is outstanding.Over the past few weeks I have been to events, meetings and banquets in the South Ballroom and West Hall.  The West Hall looks clean, modern, and is impressive with a gigantic atrium entrance on 2nd St. and seemingly endless escalators up to the third floor.  Audio visual equipment here is top-notch and they spare no expense with the A/C - holy crap it was FREEZING!  Signage for the restrooms could be more helpful as I found myself guessing where the loo was each time.I'm not sure who does the catering here, but I found the food to be above average, but not outstanding.  Think ordinary salads (chicken cobb and a southwestern caesar), your typical rubber chicken banquet meals, a breakfast buffet of eggs, bacon, Starbucks coffee etc.   For dessert we had some kind of cheesecake turnover sprinkled with cinnamon and sugar - yum. If you go in the near future - definitely check out the ongoing construction. The top floor of the West Hall boasts an impressive view of the North and East expansions where you can see all the cranes and construction going on and more detail than you can imagine.
3	The new wing of the Phoenix Convention Center was too vertical for the annual car show.  The higher end autos were located on three levels in relatively small segmented rooms. The escalators were the narrowest I had ever seen and very steep.  We witnessed several families with strollers unable to use the escalators and having difficulty in finding an elevator from both the ground level and the third level.  The walking distance between the old wing with a large bay for many types of cars/trucks and the new wing was greater than expected.  In the winter this was OK but questionable during the hot summer.  In terms of the auto show itself we somehow missed the "Smart Car" plus the new Dodge Charger was in San Francisco instead of Phoenix.  Otherwise, there were many other cars and trucks to check out.  The new wing will probably work out fine for trade and technical conventions requiring more meeting rooms.
4	I have not been to a business-related convention or event here, nor have I managed a booth during a business-related convention or event here, so I can't directly comment on the experience of attending or organizing a conference here. However, having handled some of the tradeshow logistics at my last job, I can tell you that the parking, setup, staffing, and overall accessibility of a conference venue can really make or break the day of anyone who is managing or staffing a booth, and it seems that the layout of the Phoenix Convention Center, as well as the fairly low-key vibe of this part of downtown, would make this a decent venue for business and industry events. My husband and I stopped in here last Friday to walk around the Arizona Home and Building Expo (summary: some cool design ideas; lots of over-priced offers and garage cabinet makers; better to go on Kudzu.com, Angie's List, and online forums such as Yelp and get people's actual feedback as to contractors and vendors they've used). The architecture is unique and compelling, the grounds seem clean and well-maintained, and the inside is relatively easy to navigate. The staff we encountered was also friendly and helpful. Absent hands-on experience with participating in a conference here for business-related reasons, I would have to say this place seems like a great conference/convention venue.
4	I attended a four-day conference here and thought it was a very nice facility. I generally don't like convention centers because they feel so sterile, but this one is not that bad. It is easy to navigate, which is really important when getting around a huge conference. The meeting rooms are well set up with very good AV systems and lighting options. There are lots of Starbucks everywhere, decent food options and very friendly staff. It is freezing cold everywhere, so bring a jacket.
5	I've seen more than a few convention centers and expo halls in my travels, and who knew the coolest one was in my own backyard? This is dorky - but I know you'll totally get me if you've ever trekked across countless useless square feet in heels, lugging countless brochures and promos you've been given; if you've trampled over mounds of used paper towels in a depressingly lit, dingy bathroom; if you've ever had to sit in a hard plastic chair for an hour+ and listen to a rumple-suited guy drone on and on about synergy and sales figures; if you've ever been subjected to ugly corporate art ... OK, I'll stop there - but I LOVED the Phoenix Convention Center!With a swell new renovation, its gorgeous in contemporary rust and sand and other deswet appropriate colors (god, I'm glad Arizona finally got away from the "sunset" color scheme of pink, purple, orange - blech!) and fancy tile entryway. It's clean, modern and has TONS of windows and open space. When you enter the West Building from Second St (the entrance by Starbucks), you're sort of swept up, up, up to the sky, and it really makes a statement (the entire entryway/first floor is open all the way to the top).The seminar rooms have all the hi-tech gadgets needed for presentations, and the AV/Tech guys were professional and prompt if there was a problem - and, might I add, some of the most well-dressed techies I've ever encountered. No band T-shirts, visible tattoos or bears* here, man, it was all long-sleeved button-down shirts and dress pants; impressive!My favorite part? Wicked-comfy chairs in the rooms. No hard plastic and metal legs, no cumbersome, heavy, office-gray uncomfortable torture devices. The chairs were super sleek - those mesh-back, rolling office-desk chairs you always see in design studios and architecture offices. By the way, did I mention the backs *recline*. I'm totally serious. I'm a super antsy chair sitter - I sit up, I slide down, I cross, re-cross, pull my legs up Indian-style, under me, I turn (doubly insulting to speakers if the chairs are squeaky)... I can never sit still in an office chair, but these bad boys made me feel like a grown up finally as I could sit quietly for a full hour.Bathrooms were incredibly nice - large-tiled floors that were actually clean, small-tiled sink backsplash in contemporary colors, soap AND paper towels in full supply AND the automatic water faucets ACTUALLY all worked! It's a convention center miracle! A full-length mirror for making sure your conference appropriate attire looks as nice as you thought it did at 5 this morning. Nice, floor to ceiling, all-glass (frosted) doors with the long bar, brushed steel handle (what can I say? I'm a sucker for a cool bathroom, just read any of my reviews)What else.. it's right off the light rail, of course. I found the entrance easily, no wandering around an entire city block looking for the right door. Up on the third floor, the windows provide a great view of the city streets - p.s. what's with the towering TMobile ad painted right on the Bank of America building?? Oh yes, super hi-tech looking TV screens outside each room that display in color the current and upcoming sessions - helpful, because it never fails that someone moves or changes the signs and you're left wondering if you're in the right place. Also, I liked that the convention center chose to work with a caterer who uses compostable plastic cups made from corn...say what?? And they have recycle cans alongside regular trash cans for all those empty water bottles.OK, the one thing this place does have in common with other convention centers is that it is FREEZING. Of course, that is to be expected no matter where you travel.**This is actually supposed to be "beards" but for the record there were no bears either
4	this place is really huge. you get the idea its big from its above ground footprint...but the above ground is dwarfed by the underground halls.it's massive.i loved everything but the cactus sand sculpture that look more like butter then they do sand.
5	Beautiful, well maintained and a nice assortment of food in the food court. Tortilla was my favorite! :)
3	This review is for the south building of the Phoenix Convention Center. I was there for a one day conference what I was also on the committee for. Overall the convention center could use some better signage. Most of the time you aren't sure which building you are at until you are at the dropoff lane directly in front of it looking at the main doors. I had to call two people and drive around and stop in front of two buildings before I found the south one. Granted, I could've looked ahead of time, but you businesses can't count on that.Once I got there, finding actual parking for the convention center was hard. I think I ended up in Chase Field's parking.The building is nice and clean but small. The size suited us well, but there was a lack of easy access to food other than the one cart. Would've been nice to have other offerings even if we weren't in a newer and bigger portion of the center. The staff was friendly from the few interactions I had and the rooms were decent sized. However, when the air was turned on, there was a buzzing sound in every room that was similar to a vacuum being ran. Had to deal with it unless you wanted to sweat. Wifi not being free is also a bummer.
4	I visited the convention center as part of the expo for the Rock N Roll marathon/half marathon and this review sprawls across both of these entities.As for the convention center, it's certainly in the upper half of "Convention Centers I have known". The rooms are spacious and it's easy to get up and down floors. The design is nice with easy access to the stairs and escalators and they have the exit-only designs that are conveniently located. It may not be the greatest endorsement when I say that the convention center can be quickly exited, but I appreciated these benefits.The Rock N Roll expo was also reasonable: they have a similar set up at all their races and the number and scope of vendors is impressive. Now, I've always considered these things the equivalent of runners' porn and typically try to get out as quickly as possible. It only takes a momentary distraction to have you stop in front of a stall and decide that you must have the new Saucony socks ("But these are ULTRA wicking!")I've taken the Jason Bourne in an embassy in Switzerland approach: when you walk in the entrance, you put your earpiece in, rip the diagram of the building off the wall, analyze the quickest route between the points you need to go and then march. This typically works fairly well and you can navigate through the whole affair in a few minutes. Not too shabby.A friend of mine has a different philosophy. He claims that you want to take the more circuitous route through the hall since people tend to congregate in the center of the place. He probably has a point (although I'll never admit that to him): there's actually a hierarchy of vendors and the less desirable ones tend to get stuck along the back walls. When you navigate this path, the crowds are sparser and the vendors are listlessly standing next to stalls of "Used Running Socks" and "Backwash Gatorade". I tried this manuever at the Phoenix expo and found that I could exit the building a little faster. An idea to try the next time you're at one of these things......
5	This place is HUGE.I was here for Wrestlemania Fan Axxess and it was on the bottom level, which requires you going down 2 separate escalators just to get to.  The entire complex is shiny and huge and amazing.  Of course, it's $3 for a bottle of water but they know they're gonna get you when once you're in, you can't leave again, and you know you're gonna be thirsty after walking around for 4 hours or so.
4	This CC is built on several green standards and the architecture and landscape is impressive in comparison to many of the Centers i attend. The food court inside the CC is always only half open, but that's ok, because the only thing to do in the surrounding area is eat.The downtown is very boring and seemingly deserted considering there's a metro shopping center and ASU within two blocks. It's like this every time I'm here. Where is everyone?  Even though the CC itself deserves 5 stars I almost gave this post 3 due to the uneventful city.
4	This is a beautiful building! It was slightly confusing going here at first because there are two buildings and I was not sure which building my event was held in. Inside there are places to eat and there was plenty of room for the auto show. For the purpose that it served I think it was great. I kind of doubt that my review will have any kind of negative or positive effect on whether people go here since we all mostly care about the event that is going to take place more than the venue. I recommend going here if there is an event you're interested in because it is clean, new, and has close parking.
5	Home of 2011 Phoenix Comicon!!!  I'll write more after it's over.  Can't wait! :)
3	For a convention center, Phoenix Convention Center is pretty decent. The space is large, the amenities are clean and they have several food options at the cafeteria and now just catered options. They actually have restaurants who serve food. However, this is the reason the Phoenix Convention Center gets three not four stars. The parking for the convention center is $12. Normally, people already pay to get into the event and I think that if you pay to attend an event at the Phoenix Convention Center, parking is included. I'm not sure if other conventions center do it this way, but it'd be nice if they did!
3	I was there for Jamfest the cheerleading competition . . although throwing an event there seems to be quite costly. $700 for one round of water (no outside food or drink for staff or folks in attendance)but the staff was quite friendly and the space is quite mailable. Now unlike Lindsey F. I did not drive there I live so close I simply hopped 1 bus and walked 3 blocks. So I had no parking beef. They rendered 3 Stars because of the high cost of doing biz w them. people spent allot of money downtown and because of the boost in local commerce for the day the city ought to be more accommodating to events that patron the facility. Knowing that they have other options in the area where the can be treated better. I know for certain a local lighting company lost out some biz because the budget constraints posed by the costly policies forced on on Jamfest! Shows that come through town annually should be given reasons to keep coming back!
3	Is an OK venue....
4	Just got back from our 5 day adventures in Phoenix and I must say the facility is pretty neat. I love it... I haven't really been to many conventions centers... matter of fact this was probably my first one ... I have only been on the outside of the SD one. Maybe I should go compare the two....But the parking is very accessible, the facility is well maintained, clean, people are very helpful there and its HUGE!!! I looooooooooove the food choices in the center, although they were a little pricey, but it was well worth the buck. I hope to visit the PCC again for another event just to see how it is ran for a different event..Great job on the architecture as well... very nice!!!
4	Access is good - but when you have an event going on here it can get really difficult to park and move in your booth - but overall good direction, lighting and friendly staff
3	Great space. Came to pick up my bib for the R&R Marathon. Stopped at Tortilla's Mexican Food inside and it was delicious! Chicken taco plate was pretty good!
3	Tips:Know which building you are going to (there are 3)Prepare to pay and spend time for parking if you are going to be there beyond 2 hours(first time I parked at Chase after leaving the Hyatt valet spending $12, the next day I parked for free but was 1 mile away)There are plenty of staff who can direct you where to go...as long as you know the building and room numberCame here for Rock and Roll and the Western Regional Dental Convention. Well, I loved the dental convention! (I hate being forced into pre-race packet pick ups). I came back the next day for the Academy of General Dentistry regional meeting and was shocked it was $200 to rent a small room for a meeting and only on site food is allowed where cans of soda go for $4 a pop!
4	Nice building with great spaces. The rooms were always comfortable to be in (in some center the AC is on blast!) and everything looked new. The bathrooms were nice, clean, and well kept, even during rush hours for our conference. the layout was good for a large building without being too confusing. The locationis close a few hotels and a shopping center, which has a few good food places.My notes of improvement would start with the wifi, which was a problem throughout our four day conference. Please work with your hosts to provide better wifi services. The second note of improvement were the doors I each room I went to were very loud when persons were leaving and entering. Maybe installing a quiet closer for the doors would be nice. I also did not like the food here, but hey, it's a convention center.Overall, a great convention center that is about to accondate large conferences.
4	I enjoyed the Arizona Ultimate Women's Expo.  It was something that of course was geared towards women, but I saw several men there as well.  I must have entered at least 15 drawings.  Deidre Hall was great.  It's an even better time if you can get a few girlfriends to go with you.  There were 4 different stations for alcohol samples.  Some of them were good some not so much, like the Senorita Limonita.  That was horrible.  If anyone plans on going in the future, plan ahead.  I totally didn't even think about the Diamondbacks playing.  I had to drive a little bit further for parking, which was worth it.  It only cost me $5, whereas every other lot or garage I saw, was $15 or $20.  Also, take your time when walking through the expo.  There's so much to see and do.  Find out when the keynote speakers go on and when demos are, so that you can get the most out of it.
4	I love this convention center! This was the third year I was here for Phoenix Comic Con. It is clean, the staff are friendly, and the location is very convenient right off the light rail stop 3rd Street/Washington or 3rd Street/Jefferson depending on the direction you're coming from. I know people complain that if they drive in they have to pay for parking but I also know that while one nearby garage charges $12 another close by charges $6- so if you really want to save some money just drive around the block. Both those garages are a very quick walk away.
4	I think that the Phoenix Convention Center is a really nice space. Even though they have to keep the decor sparse and neutral to appeal to the corporate conventioneers, there are little touches of Arizona culture and Southwestern art everywhere. I love how the large windows let in lots of natural light and offer great views of the downtown skyline. There are plenty of bathrooms, a food court, and conference rooms in a variety sizes to suit a multiple needs. It is head and shoulders above every other conference center I have been to in other cities.
4	Very clean and nice convention center. Staff is "ok"...
4	Beautiful Venue! Easy to navigate and friendly staff. Open and airy and sunny!
4	I can't believe I've never reviewed this place before. I've been here countless times before, and watched the place get upgraded and remodeled several years ago.I can't remember the first time I came here, but it was some time ago after I moved out here. The convention center has an older part thats smaller, and a new addition that's huge!  Plenty of events are held here all year round, from sporting events like the NBA all star game, to the auto show, they had an NRA convention a couple years ago with a zillion people, along with other regular yearly events like the auto show and several others.The place is large, and has 3 levels (a basement area, main level and upper level) with a crosswalk to get to the other side which is pretty darn cool. It's huge, spacious, and modern looking with its updates.  Escalators, stairs, etc.  The place is sparsely decorated with Arizona stuff that makes it really cool looking. They also have a cool light feature outside that illuminates the walkway with different colors at night and is really pretty to look at as well.The cool thing about it is too is that its easily accessible via light rail, and you don't have to spend $$ on parking...and let me tell you, the parking here isn't cheap! $12 for the garage, $10 in lots around, and its not any cheaper the farther away you get.  I don't know why anyone would want to park down here, since the light rail is $3.50 round trip, so save yourself a few bucks and take the rail. You'll thank me later!There's also food and dining in here as well, with a variety of different style resturants, but again, its outrageously expensive!  They have a starbucks here too, which is their regular prices, but is like an extra $5 a person to eat here, so dine elsewhere before you come in here.  (minus the coffee since Starbucks is the only reasonably priced place in here.)  Plus, the convention center is a hop, skip and a jump from about a zillion other cool dining places that your better off eating at anyways, so do that instead.Aside from that, this place is pretty huge, and its worth checking out. Plenty of clean pretty bathrooms and tons to do in and outside of the center with variety of different sized spaces to hold any kind of event, large or small.
3	The Phoenix Convention Center offers a great meeting and venue space - it is large and your meeting possibilities are endless here.  It was also very convenient for us because we stayed at the Sheraton Phoenix Downtown (just a 5-minute walk up the street).The waitstaff themselves were very friendly, kind and helpful to us.  They assisted us with our requests and helped us to navigate the space.  Unfortunately, this cannot be said about the Banquet Manager.  He wasn't the easiest to work with: speaking to us in condescending tones, telling us stuff that wasn't true (i.e., buffet was already replenished, but no food was there) and deny any wrongdoing on his team's parts.  Our meeting was still successful and the space was great, but I definitely feel that some personnel improvements can be made.
4	It was time again for  the annual health and fitness expo for the PF Changs marathon and half marathon. I never opt for convention center parking because it's $12!! Instead I usually just drive around and try to find a meter. This time we lucked out and found a $3 lot. The convention center has a few eateries on the first floor. I've never partaken because I always stuff my mouth and pockets with free samples from the expo, but a lot of people were eating there and it smelled good! The expo room is a good size, carpeted, big bathrooms, compared to other convention centers I've been to ours in Phoenix ranks as one of the nicer ones.
4	drive around a little before settling for the 12 dollar lots. we found one for 3 bucks only half a mile away...and we're going to register for a race, so why not walk a little bit. they kept things moving and efficient, but when there are so many freebies to hand out, the flow of traffic does bottleneck in some spots (people will wait in line for 30 minutes just for a free water bottle, pen, or chap stick). no beer samples this year...boo hiss.
4	I came here to pick up my race packet for the Rock 'n' Roll Half Marathon. Paid $8 to park at an underground lot across the street because we couldn't find any metered parking.  I was immediately impressed by the food court at this convention center even though I didn't get to eat here. There was a coffee shop and a few other fast food joints with plenty of seats.  I just kept thinking how dinky the food cafeteria is at the LA convention center is compared to this place.  Packet pickup went smoothly.  There was no traffic coming in and out of the area.
1	This review pending a post-event phone call to air grievances.
4	OK so this is coming as a two part view of this.1. Convention goer. I have been to multiple conventions and events at the PCC. Phoenix Comicon, Amazing Comic Con, and a bridal show. Every time it has always been easy to move around, clearly marked (for the venue's part), and easy to park at.They lose one star because parking costs are atrocious.2. Convention organizer. I am on staff at Phoenix Comic Con. I don't have anything to do with the negotiations of the venue (I will put that out there IMMEDIATELY). However, from what I am exposed to regarding our agreement and having our meetings there, as well as what they have been able to provide for us I have been extremely pleased. It is always clean, the water is stocked, the bathrooms are well taken care of, and they seem to be accommodating.If you are going to an event here, you should enjoy the venue. If you are hosting and event and have it within your budget I would see what the Phoenix Convention Center can do for you.
4	I went there for a Deaf EXPO. This place is so huge and beautiful. It is in the right location because the bar/restaurants are nearby. The parking garage is across the street. I enjoyed this visit very much.
4	There is $5 parking available on the corner of Washington and 2nd St. Must have cash.
4	I attended the NIGA Tradeshow that was held in the Phoenix Convention Center.  This is probably one of the nicer convention centers I've been to.  I had a nice view of the convention center from my hotel room (Hilton), so that was nice. The first thing you will see upon entry is a huge vanity-type-mirror artwork.  When you look into the mirror, you will see the message in the reflection "Art is a guaranty of sanity."  This is a piece by Louise Bourgeois that is on display, which makes you kind of appreciate the place a little more.  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/phoenix-convention-center-phoenix?selected=DHqCXVeOkQ10hZlfGnZEEA#Afm2P3gHRIHnjjjQqJJgJw)The convention rooms downstairs are huge!  It reminded me of the ballrooms available in hotels but much larger.  The staff seemed organized and the tradeshow went smoothly :]
3	You'll always have plenty of room to do whatever you need if you are putting on an event here.  The facility is clean and the bathrooms are awesome.  I kind of had a hard time finding parking.  They have huge roll up doors in the back that make loading and unloading for any type of display really easy.  The security guards are kind of nazi's when it comes to letting people drive up the ramp in the back when it is time to tear down.
3	I've been to several events/conferences at the Phoenix Convention Center.  The facility is nice and modern with spacious pre-function areas and a nice selection of food options.  There's a Crust Pizza that serves up Pastas and Pizza for quick eats.  That's my favorite outlet to grab lunch or a snack if I don't like what the conference meal program offers.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/phoenix-convention-center-phoenix?select=8z7f14l2NjninBjZ-R7Tpw#8z7f14l2NjninBjZ-R7TpwThe worst part about attending an event here is the parking.  Your choices are underground self parking garages that range from $6-$12 per day.or if the conference/event pays for a valet service, you might have that option for a fee.  There's also parking at area hotels that costs $ too and can be quite a walk. Once you get inside it's easy to get turned around trying to figure out what side of the building you're on.  The directional signage is not very good.  It takes me a couple of days to get oriented when attending a large conference here.Overall, the experience is pretty average for a convention center.Return Factor - 60%
5	Went here for Comic-Con.  Wow, lots of people.  We had a great time though and the Phoenix Convention Center was a great location.The security was a little lax though.  That was scary.  We got into the building every day without going through security b'c we went up the elevator from the garage.  The first time we had no idea and it took us a while to figure out where registration was.  Total glitch in their security surveillance though for us to be able to get in like that!Nonetheless, we had a great time.  It was nice and cool in the building which is always a plus in Phoenix!
3	The recent expansion has made the Phoenix Convention Center into a great place to host large conventions and they can definitely fit a lot of people into the various halls. We came here for Phoenix Comicon and were very impressed with the facilities.However, I have to take away a couple of stars for the food pricing. $12 for a hotdog and chips? WTF??? I could eat cheaper at the D-Backs game across the street. I actually thought the worst food price rip-offs in town were at the Phoenix Zoo, but after last weekend I'd say the Phoenix Convention Center takes the cake.Luckily, there are plenty of other places to eat in the downtown area, so despite the kids complaining, we walked a block to Majerle's and had a nice lunch with more food at a better price.Enjoy the Convention Center, just don't plan to eat there.
4	I love you Phoenix Comicon, see you next year!
3	Went to the bridal show, it waqs ok
4	It is always well taken care of and clean.
4	Came here for a 5 day Keller Williams Realty convention and loved it.  So close to restaurants and hotels.   Couldn't handle a 30,000+ conference but for a bit 16,000 it was just right.  Good Job convention center!!!!
4	Clean and well maintained. Large, spacious and well appointed with the exception of the good court area. Also may need to walk long distance to closest bathroom from some meeting rooms.
4	GORGEOUS and GLAMOROUS!  The perfect place for your small-to-moderate sized conference.  Three buildings, all conveniently located near hotels/entertainment/the airport.  This review focuses primarily on the North building.Hallways are filled with natural light, vivacious patterns, and earth tones.  Sculpture installations are featured around the property - make sure you catch the desert sand people upon entering the North Building, then make your way around to the blown glass tribesmen near 124B!The information desk is centrally located (though, not constantly man-ed), and there are several dine-and-dash options for attendees (mexican, pizza, bistro, coffee - they've got your covered).  For an administration/staff lunch room, breakfast and lunch options can be confirmed as delicious.  Breakfast: fresh fruit, scrambled eggs, sausage and bacon, oatmeal, cereals.  Lunches: salad options, taco bar, sauteed veggies, tiny tart dessert.  Coffee/tea/soda are available throughout the day.An unavoidable "con" to this convention center: the building QUAKES when large vehicles/the tram passes by.  A bit jarring, and unsettling (especially for those of us who have vertigo issues), but certainly not a constant variable, nor one which may be remedied (just take a breath - you'll be fine!).
3	This is like the Hotel California for me.  You can check out anytime you like, but you can never leave. I'll have all day seminars here when I'm here, seemingly every other year, and they have on site food (mega expensive, because well, where the hell else are you gonna go on short time and close by).  But nice and air conditioned. It's Phoenix.  That's crucial.
2	Just doesn't scream exciting to me. I do like how there is a subtle vibe of Phoenix with touches like the small sand sculpture display inside by the entrance. Also wish there were more to do in the immediate vicinity.The North halls form a weird L-shape... so when all used together, provides a lot of space for a big show, but not so good for exhibitors when it comes to foot traffic. I will say though that for once I was so glad that the A/C was blasting inside the convention center.
4	One of downtowns biggest gems.The skinny I travel at least 2-3 times a year for different events car shows, comic con etc... This place is great for all of these events. The a/c is always at a perfect temperature and I can't say enough about the beautiful architecture that alone deserves a visit. The bad While the food selection is great it is not cheap and charge ball park prices (4-5$ bottles of water) which makes me just bring my own stuff. The security guards seem to have a funny attitude towards me sometimes maybe it's cause I look intimidating with my smiles and how are you's but they (not all of them but most) don't answer and just check my credentials.  I don't let them get me down but a simple hello from another human being is usually real nice. Overall this place is great and if you have and event here you should be so lucky and enjoy get a map and don't get lost.
5	Worked an event here in 2010 while in town for WWE WrestleMania 26. This convention center is a amazing looking building. I found myself asking if I was at the right place. (Thank god there were big WWE banners hanging or I would've called to make sure. lol)The parking here was easy to find and overall it's a great venue.
3	Good overallI'm torn about our convention center here in Phoenix. Lots of positives and negatives, frankly.Pros: Wide open and soaring spaces; Upstairs areas have good views of the city; A/C keeps you uber cool; A few good restaurants in reasonable walking distance (during cooler seasons); Relatively nice staff; Pretty nice architectureCons: Inside eateries are expensive for middling-quality food; Parking can be fairly expensive, especially if you are there for a multi-day event; Parking can be far, which means sweating through your attire in hotter seasons; Downtown Phoenix is mid-way through developing a nice downtown atmosphere and lacks nice areas to relax or draw your interest; Odd spread of convention facilities means finding the north versus south buildings BEFORE you park, so you don't have a long hikeOnce downtown develops draws that keep families and young professionals in downtown, there will be more to make the Convention Center's setting more appealing.  Then just solve the parking trek + cost issue and this place is exceptional
3	I think as with any convention center, there's good and bad aspects. I think the crappier aspect of Phoenix Convention Center is that the food and drinks area is very ... singular. The line for coffee in the morning can span for 20+ minutes and this is just to order, not necessarily when you get your drink.The food is ok, and pricey as with any convention area, but at least they do offer a good variety for purchase. This place is big ... but small. Everything is a little far apart and I guess this is more the way that each conference is setup but some things are quite confusing to get to and a far walk when you consider that there is only maybe 10 minutes between the sessions.I like that they have like 12491274912 bathrooms, especially for women. Win!
4	I often work at this venue, parking for event staff is $4 and can be a bit of a walk. It's spacious and lots of places to wonder around in between sessions. Power stations to charge your handheld devices and clean bathrooms, the food joints are a bit pricey so I would venture to one of the many surround eateries.
1	So I am here to watch the Firefighter Combat Challenge, World Championships, and I just was told I have to walk 1mile out of my way to see the competition. The security said the public side walk is for only patrons inside the center, the Barrett Jackson Auto Auction. I am embarrassed this is how we treat out firefighters and their  family members visiting from all over the world. I worry for the citizen who is handicapped or elderly that has to walk a mile out of their way!
4	I've thought today considering it was my first initiation and experience into the Comic-Convention which was held at the Arizona Cardinals Stadium in Glendale.It was supposed to a memorable and joyful experience however that was reversed for something opposite.When I had arrived there today there was a table in front of the entrance where you had to fill out you're personal information I was assuming the administrators would make up a lanyard/ I.D Badge for you to wear since that is one of their rules on their website to have it visible at all times. I was in the middle of filling out the application form until one of the security there had approached me and had had mentioned howPhotographs are allowed and videos/Video cameras are prohibited (Not Allowed). You could just imagine my reaction when I was disappointed and could not believe it. I was under the impression it was only for that particular location for the event howeverThis event was called "Comic-Con Fan Fest.I had spoken with the administrators and the employees of the comic-Convention they had clarified with me they have the same code of conduct and rules/"Policy" as compared to their Phoenix location.They then had re-assured with me how I would need to file out an application in order to film there. They would then provide me with a "press badge" I had told them how this was not a matter of finances nor anything else this is a matter of principles and how I believe the entire convention had become mainstream corporate Enterprise that had become so large of an event they eventually had sold out.Maybe their intentions and purpose was much different before until they had become mainstream. In addition I've mentioned how they had disgraced and become an insult to my Japanese culture.The Japan culture is responsible for the creation of the idea for cosplay-Anime/Manga and so fourth. I believe supporting smaller conventions are always the greatest idea. I could care less if this particular event is mostly for the audience of comic-books. The theme is still similar in so many ways to the origins as it intertwines with anime and so fourth.Apparently it's a horrible thing to film in order to project you're own culture outward  and help to introduce to others a deeper perspective into the Japanese culture and be proud of what we had create and show how much Americans had created their own costumes and show their love/appreciation and passion for comic-books, Japan culture or which ever else.  You would see how much hard work and detail the people dressing up who had created their own costumes take pride just to show their artistic,self expressive natures and to have it go un-acknoledged is pathetic.I've lost all faith with the sellout mainstream Comic-Conventions from this point forward. They obviously do not deserve our business nor anything else. Even if they had changed their policy and had asked me to be a guest in their event I would not comply and respectfully decline.I apologize for my rant however I wanted to officially clarify by saying this. I have nothing against the Cosplayers at all. They are the most wonderful people and nothing but kind, down to Earth and positive. I have admiration and respect for them for being as artistic and expressing a deeper love and embrace cultures. So in essence, thank you to all you Cosplayers and keep doing what you love doing most. As far as I'm concerned the public often holds a negative perception of cosplayers calling them nerds or whatever else. They are only narrowed minded and oblivious to the reality and of others differences. We are all similar in this world and equals whether if anyone believes it or not. I've got nothing but respect and love for the entire Anime/Comic-Book community and you guys are alright in my books. So much love!I am giving this 4 stars considering I've got nothing against The Phoenix Convention center. It's the members who are in charge of the Comic-Con who I don't agree with. I'm sure the Phoenix convention center has so much other good events that happens there. I'm going to give them a chance.
