5	Come check our intensely personalized tapas brunch menu! Decide what you want to eat, build your own brunch plate!After brunch, take a peek at our bakery counter where freshly baked goods, including apple turnover, cupcakes, and cookies can be found. Want an AMAZING grilled cheese with homemade sausage, extra old cheddar, and bacon? Come check out our delicious and fresh grilled cheese menu.....crunchy and melty goodness.
5	MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMSo very good. Amazing quality of food. Creative menu items. Every time I go I want to order something different. I always end up eating too much because it's all so delicious!!!!!!This is the restaurant to beet in Montreal: Price versus quality = The best!!!
4	Having taken over the space from Le Victoria, Ma Douce Moitie has done a lovely job both with the more open decor, the delightful menu, good service and good quality affordable food. The originality of the brunch tapas concept is quite perfect for sitting and taking your time with a friend or two. The buttermilk scones with their own homemade jams called to me as did the Bubble and Squeak. Firstly, the jam; oh...my...goodness. This is the best raspberry jam I believe I have ever had. Deep garnet red and tangy and yet creamy; it was THE ideal accompaniment to the fluffy scone. Secondly, the Bubble and Squeak was a total delight and surprise. A perfect over easy egg atop an excellent mix of root veggies and herbs with a side of sour cream. Just right. I will be back for this.My companion had one of their interesting and unique menu of grilled cheese sandwiches served with home fries. Couldn't resist trying some of the fries and they were well seasoned and well cooked. The sandwich portion looked enormous and the bread excellent and made across the street. I will be back to try these too.The service was great and the owner, Deborah, makes a point of greeting people and knowing her customers. Look for the busiest woman in the place with the biggest smile. Can't wait to get back there.
2	Unfortunately we were very disappointed! While the decor, the ambience and the menu all looked great the food left a lot to be desired. High points: the eggs were well cooked, the scone was delicious and the bacon on the meat platter was outstanding!Low points: the veggie patty in the bubble and squeak was undercooked, chunky, under seasoned and the patty was way too thick. The potato hash was undercooked and pretty bland. The breakfast sandwich was only ok. Service was friendly, and fast.
4	Quaint local cafe with very friendly staff.Menu is imaginative and food looks tasty.I appreciate the soft jazz and big band music playing in the background. Very relaxing ambiance.
5	Excellent value for your $.The brunch tapas concept is great order 3 of them for 2 people and you re full. Try the panco french bread sticks-amazing, served with real maple syrup no surcharge! All in all for 25-30$ for 2 you ll find amongst the best brunches in town.
