5	FIVE TICKLED PINK STARS! I just HAD to write a review on the great customer service from the person who took my order and I paid, but more importantly the gentleman who gave me my food while going through the drive through tonight.  His closing remarks? "See you next time," in a friendly and cheerful manner.  I can't tell you how many times I have received sub-standard service in drive-thrus; . no thank you or come back and see us, etc.  We as customers decide where to give our hard earned money and the business needs to decide if they want us to come back because we feel appreciated for giving them our business.Now for the food. I decided to try something I have never had before, the Nachos Bell Grande; a nice plate of chips with beef, beans, cheese, tomatoes and sour cream.  They were pretty good...chips crispy, nice presentation and hot.  I also decided to order a side of guacamole.  Not the best guacamole I have ever had, but it had good flavor and texture.
3	Taco Bell, is well Taco Bell.We have been coming here a few times each month whenever we go grocery shopping at nearby Fry's.  It's a cleans store with some very nice employees who rarely get the order wrong.  We also usually see and have gotten to know the franchise owner, he's always about checking on things.But not a lot has changed since Glenn Bell first made that chicken wire contraption to invent the hard shell taco over sixty years ago.  Recently though, corporate owner Yum Brands has taken to upgrade the menu with offering from Chef Lorena Garcia's authentic Latin recipe premium items called Cantina Bell.  They have also rolled out this past summer a tie-in from Frito-Lays for a Doritos hard shell taco.  Both items are good and tasty.  I have a unwritten rule that most fast food places can only aspire to Three Stars, or in Yelp-ese "A-OK" ratting.  Given the uniformity of fast food, it's hard to set them apart from another fast food place.  But, I like this franchise owner for his hustle and how he keeps on top of things and actually manages his chain of stores.  So Three and a Half Stars to him and this location!
2	I mean, it's Taco Bell. Not much to say.This building is very outdated, definitely needs an update. The food is alright, I haven't had any issues with the ordering. They aren't very busy though, so I think the workers could be nicer.
4	Yumm
3	Even though I live relatively close to this Taco Bell, I rarely come here.  Had a couple of meals here recently and got my fav's...7 Layer Burrito, $2.292 Bean Burritos, $1.98The restaurant is kept clean and unless it's the lunch rush, it's always fast.  Nice cheap option when you're hungry and on the run.Return Factor - 60%
5	If you're itching for cheap, down-n-dirty quick eats that taste nothing like authentic Mexican fare, this is your stop!Taco Bell is the bomb - even back in the 80s! I mean, who can resist those crunchy tacos? So delish. It is especially good after a wild night out. I can honestly say that if you eat Taco Bell when you're intoxicated and you go to bed, you'll feel pretty damn good in the AM. It makes me laugh when I find shredded cheese and tomato bits on my coffee table in the morning from my 2:30am feeding frenzy. Silly wabbit!
1	I ordered a quesarito with David asshat as cashier. Requested tomato to be added and payed 35 cents extra to do so. Received said quesarito without tomato. Good going messing up the order....
