3	I know it is rated the Best steakhouse in the area but, not by me! Of course, I didn't have steak, a table mate had ribs that he thought were good. I had shrimp and grits-which were okay and they seemed similar to those I had at Currents in Promenade center. I found out that the chef at Mickey & Mooch left to open Currents-ah hah!Anyway-business casual but, the placed was packed with people straight from work or in jeans. Have valet parking and you might need it-considering it is a strip mall location with several other restaurants.Prices: about $13.00 or up for a plate. (mostly up!)Reccomend: The Wedge salad or even the house with the blue cheese dressing-best I've ever had, but looks like Thousand Island dressing!
5	Wow! Mickey and Mooch blew me away, great atmosphere, decent service, and absolutely amazing food. I ordered the Low country Crispy Flounder topped with Lump Crab Meat Remoulade....fantastic.  The flounder is fried in a light batter,just enough to give it a nice crunch, it's not greasy, but has just enough oil to make it really, really tasty. Flavored to perfection,the meat is so light and flaky, it's a pleasure to eat, without any of the guilt of chowing down on red meat.  You wouldn't even think about putting tartar sauce on this flounder, its just too good.  And then unexpectedly you will get a piece of the lump crab meat in with the flounder, and oh baby...the taste, its worth the drive to the Arboretum. As I drooled over my light yet tantalizing flounder, my attention was turned to the mashed potatoes which were taking up an inordinate amount of space on my plate, I'm talking about huge portions here.  And these potatoes were out of this world...simply delicious, with subtle butter and salt flavors, but not so much that it masked the natural fresh taste of the potatoes. And the best part is I experienced all of this decadent flavor for the very economic price of $15.95 at dinner, and that includes the salad.  My brother, it was his birthday celebration..Happy Birthday Matty! ordered the Charleston Shrimp and Grits, I only managed to scrounge a bite, but it was pretty good, and being a Chapel Hill boy I don't approve of just any bowl of grits with shrimp...but these were good, and once again the portions were mammoth...Matt also ordered a side of Mashed potatoes, and they brought him a heaping BOWL of potatoes...I don't know if it was because it was his birthday or what, but...... man.  Mickey and Mooch; great atmosphere, reasonable prices, and great food.  The entire restaurant has an elite vibe, without the snobbery.  Eat at this Place!
2	I recently had a business dinner at Mickey & Mooch, dubbed "The Best Steakhouse in the Area" by US Air Magazine (a questionably reputable source). I figured it was a good opportunity to try the place without spending my own money. First, the restaurant is in a strip mall. I took a second to let that thought pass and walked in to a warm and inviting atmosphere. Nothing overly unique, it felt like a typical, higher end steakhouse. We ordered a few bottles of nice Cabernet for the table from their adequate but pricey wine list. The waiter brought out wine glasses for the table. Half were appropriate, nice red wine glasses. The other half were a utilitarian wine glass you would find when ordering wine at Applebee's. When asked about the different glasses, the waiter indicated they "ran out" of the nicer, red wine glasses. It was 7:00 on a Wednesday night with a HALF FULL restaurant and you are telling me you are out of red wine glasses? I found that a bit tacky and watching them pour the Frog Leap Cabernet into these glasses pained me a little. Our table ordered the Coconut Shrimp and Shrimp cocktail for appetizers. The Shrimp in the cocktail were WAY overcooked and seemed like the precooked grocery store shrimp defrosted and put on a plate. Coconut shrimp were fine, but nothing special. I had the wedge salad that I was not impressed by at all. For dinner I ordered the "USDA Prime" Fillet, cooked Pittsburgh Medium-rare. Any good steakhouse should have no issue getting this order right. It came out medium rare, but had bearnaise sauce all over it, which I did not order. The steak itself was ok, but certainly not up to "USDA Prime" standards. The green beans I had with the steak were overcooked and still had some of the stalk on a few. I guess it may have been an indicator that they were not frozen because even Bird's Eye knows to take all the stalks off. The crab cake I had on the side was pretty good. For dessert, we all shared a few slices of their 7 layer carrot cake. This had to be the largest slice of carrot cake I have ever seen. The cake was a little try, but not too bad. I heard the 7 layer chocolate cake is to die for, but didn't get to sample. Either will be huge and a challenge for 4 to finish. Pros: Atmosphere, Good Service (minus the wine glass mishap), dessert Cons: Uninspired, poorly cooked entrees and appetizers, overpriced for the quality, inadequate wine glasses.
2	I really wasn't that impressed.  Plastic table cloth and the place smelled kind funky too.  I got the bone in ribeye - and it definetely wasn't the best steak in the area.  Wine selection is rather lacking.  I'd hit the many alternatives before this; Flemings, Capital, Ruth...
5	One of our favorite restaurants in South Charlotte is Mickey and Mooch.  We've dined there for special occasions (just the two of us) and hosted and attended parties for 35 or more and have always had wonderful service and our guests always rave about the food.  The chef and the owners will occasionally visit your table and you'll find it difficult to get a better steak at any other restaurant in Charlotte.  Great food, service and atmosphere.
5	The reason you spend $ here is because it's just that good. Service is excellent! The food melts in your mouth and is totally worth the wait to get to your table! Oh and I bet you didn't know this.... they order that bread from a special bakery that only makes it for them! My husband and I first discovered this place about 5 years ago and always go here for our anniversary and special occasions. I always order the lobster tails roasted with the loaded mashed potatoes. The salads are very fresh. My husband loves the crab cakes with their spicy sauce (I think it's jalapeno) drizzled on top. If you get a mixed drink from the bar they don't skimp on the liqueur and water it down with ice like some places. Quality = Micky and Mooch!We usually sit in a booth near the bar but have also gotten a booth in the dining room and a table in the room with the lake view. Lisa mentioned it's a great ambiance and I could not agree more! A perfect meal and a great place to enjoy a romantic evening with a loved one.
3	Great place to meet singles 50 and up.  Their menu bores me as it never changes and is limited. I do love their crab cakes.
2	Very dissapointing. Last visit 2 years ago was very good.  Everything slow with many mistakes.Too many choices to pull me back. Food was good.
5	I ate at Mickey and Mooch for my college grad dinner 7 years ago and have been in love ever since, for anniversaries,  date nights, business dinners, whatever the reason I can get there!Hailing from the Baltimore area - I have the authority to say their lump crab appetizer or dinner is the best crab plate you can get.  You get a plate that is piled high with a hefty chunk of crab for a dang good price - order the same thing at Ruth Chris and you get 1/5th of crab for 4 dollars more.  Crab cakes are still done better in Maryland though!Wine by the glass is a deal!  Order a chardonnay at Sulivans - 14 dollars, half glass.  Same glass of wine here - 8 dollars and filled to the brim.  Cesar salads here are done perfect - I pushed my wedge out of the way to pick at my wife's Cesar last night.To enjoy this place you will need to order a Prime Filet, medium rare.  For a fraction of the price you get a steak as good as Ruth Chris, just not covered in butter (not a bad thing).  They cook medium rare pretty well, and the prime is tender and butter texturedYou want the best desert - 7 layer chocolate cake.  The full slice is enough to make you gain 3-lbs.  My wife and I weighed a full slice - it's almost 3-lbs!  They do offer it in the half slice - which weights just under 2!  Service is normally good, but that is definitely the difference between a Del Frisco's or Morton's, the waiters at Mickey and Mooch are not the caliber that you get at the higher priced steak houses, but I come for the food!
3	I have eaten here several times - a couple of times for business meetings and the other times, just meeting up with friends.  I have to say that the service has been really hit or miss on our visits.   The atmosphere is nice - sort of upscale without being too stuffy.  They have a piano in the bar area and on most visits, they had someone playing, which is a nice touch. On our most recent visit, David and I met a friend for dinner and we had a really nice server who was very attentive.  She didn't know much about the wine menu, but that seems to be fairly common in our experience these days. (Still, we find it  very disappointing in a place that bills itself as an "upscale restuarant"!)  The food was fairly good but a little on the pricey side.   While this is not my first choice when we are planning a night out, I can usually find something I like on the menu - they usually have at least one or 2 fish entrees for the non-meat eaters like myself.    David said that he prefers the Mickey & Mooch up at LKN - he thinks that the food & service is better there.  I haven't eaten at the Lake Norman location though, so I can't compare the two.
4	Had a lovely meal last night: 6oz filet and crab cake with a salad and braised cabbage sides.  My wife's tilapia with lump crab meat and sides of grits and blue cheese slaw was equally delicious.  The portions are generous as are the pours on the wine, which are promised at 6oz or more.  One glass for each of us was sufficient to get us through our entire meal. Thre bread and sweet butter were excellent as well.
3	I went during Queen's Feast, Charlotte's version of Restaurant Week, so my response may not reflect the usual dining experience at M&M. I liked the place, but I don't know if I'd go back again. Their portions are HUGE, and their menu is pretty extensive, though full of typos. I got a mussel appetizer in white wine sauce, and it was equal to most place's mussel entrees. At the same time, my mother ordered a crab fritter entree that wasn't nearly as huge. I think some more indications on the menu regarding size would be useful. The main entree I got, a Chilean sea bass and shrimp in beurre blanc sauce, was very tender. I thought it was reasonably sized but dwarf-like in comparison to the other courses, including the side items. When you ordered the chef's broccoli, it's pretty much the same size as the produce section's broccoli. Good if you're hungry, but I was overwhelmed. Be sure to try their wedge salad with blue cheese and special dressing-that was my favorite part of the whole meal.Our party agreed that the service is a little unfriendly and a bit impatient. The server we had for the evening seemed annoyed with having to bring out boxes or extra knives. While the atmosphere is dignified but not stuffy, our waiter seemed a little pompous.Though there's a piano there, our dinner group heard party favorite hits. It seemed kind of out of place having sea bass and hearing Michael Jackson.The portions for the price is the big draw.
4	Visited this location last Friday.  I am must say great great great.  Wed,Fri, Sat, (maybe Sun) they have music.  The band was great and I did a little twirling on the dance floor(area in front of bar).  The portions were great(not sure if it was because of restaurant week and they wanted to get everyone hooked).  But my mussels were sooo good and very meaty-which was a pleasant surprise.  The salads were huge. I also had the fillet and crab cake.  But with the huge appetizer and salad- I had to take most of it home. I also tried the seven layer chocolate cake, while good it was not all they hyped it up to be in my opinion.  Ive had better choco cake, infact threw it away later because i thought the icing tasted cheap.  The martinis were good and had sufficient alcohol and a decent price.  I will definitely be returning.
2	Was not impressed....made a 7:15 pm reservation and had to wait almost 45 minutes upon arrival to be seated.  Then once we were seated we had to ask a passing server if there was someone for our table since 15 min had passed with no one waiting on the table.  Poorly ran front of the restaurant which takes away from the food which wasn't too bad.
4	Went during Restaurant week for an early Sunday dinner. Loved it!!  great service, even better food. Portions were more then enough. The only areas of improvement: 1)  fix the booth seats ( with something more then just tape), 2) be sure you have the right about of staffing to handle the job. Being someone who had worked in Food service for over 10 years, It hurt my heart to see the executive chef acting as a hostess and server.
3	Background:  Saturday night dinner, first time guest, party of two, made reservations.The Good:  Seated on time; cool old-school vibe to the place; decent wine list; wedge salad was outstanding; side dishes were great (HUGE loaded baked potato); crab cake was one of the best I've ever had; service was strong but not overwhelming or too stuffy; prices were very reasonable for steak houses in CLT.  The Bad:  We were seated right smack in the middle of two other parties at a 4-top table when there were plently of other open booths or other tables scattered around in more intimate parts of the restaurant.  It's just awkward when you can hear every word each other guest is saying when you know it doesn't have to be like this.  It's my understanding they chose to sat us in our location to balance out the workload of the servers - I get it, but it's still frustrating.  The steak was just OK.  When you pride yourselves on your steak, it better be good, but there was nothing special.  6 oz filet was cooked like I ordered, but it wasn't an especially tasty cut of meat.  Disappointing.  Maybe I just set the bar too high - I was expecting Del Friscos or Ruth Chris or Mortons and I received Outback.
4	Great food, good value, huge sides and it was really nice to be casual in a steak house.  We will be there a lot.
2	Just OK. Better options out there. Seems a little tired....Firebirds has better food and prices.
2	Here on 11/2/12Meh! Mashed potatoes seem like baked potatoes that are mashed. Crab cakes had tons meat, but were soft and fell apart too easy, don't understand the rave reviews.  Old and stuffy atmosphere that needs an update.  Quantity of food given is large, but lacks quality.
4	About 14 of us dined there last week. Every one of us enjoyed a great meal.  I had the crab soup which was among the best I have ever tasted. The lamb was also to die for.  The salads were great as well. Being a dessert fan, I tried their "award winning" chocolate  7 layer chocolate cake.  A HUGE slice that was simply the best!!  We had a terrific waiter too.  This was our first time there a and for sure it will become a regular for us.
5	Dined at Micky and Mooch for the first time two weeks ago. Ordered the filet oscar style with bearnaise over asparagus. Delicious. The seven layer chocolate cake is to die for. Old school ambiance. Live music which makes it a little loud. Very good service. Can't wait to return.
3	I was in the area shopping just next door and was persuaded to come over for a quick glass of wine.  Having been to the other location in Lake Norman I knew the sort of place this is but I hadn't been in so long I'd forgotten.   With a very large bar area and comfortable high top table and chairs this place makes for a great after work spot probably.  The service shabby either, she was nice and polite and very accomodating to all in our party.  The food was par but definetly not bad.  I had the salmon atop a caesar salad and for the finish I had the chance to take on the 7 layer chocolate cake.  The cake was to die for and large enough to feed a small village!  Highly recommend it.Parking is tough in this location but that's true of any of the businesses at the Arboretum.
4	This was my first time at Mickey and Mooch. The boyfriend and I decided to stop in Saturday night to cap off restaurant week. I had read all of the reviews on Yelp many times for this place and was hesitant to give it a shot. However I'm glad we did!! The boyfriend can be a little snobby about restaurant but even he gave this one 2 thumbs up. We both ordered a steak and they were both cooked to perfection. He even went so far as to say he liked it better than Ruth's Chris Steakhouse!! That's a glowing compliment since when we went there he thought it was the best lol.  I know some previous reviewers and even my mom have said service here is bad but we had great service. The ambiance is a little lacking but honestly it's not that bad and the food more than makes up for it. He got the filet fondue as an app and I got a salad. I highly suggest that if you are getting bacon on your salad (that or walnuts are the options), you try the house dressing which is a honey mustard bacon concoction that our waiter said he could drink right out of the bottle. It was good I will admit that but not quite as good as he thought it was haha. For our sides I got green beans (shocker) and he got loaded mashed potatoes. Both were good!! I was a little disappointed with the desserts. They were out of the almond amaretto cake I Wanted to try so I got the cheesecake and it was okay. He got the tiramasu and he loved it but that's one of his favs.  The only thing that threw me was the guy in the bar area with the DJ. He was singing and dancing around (it was very club like) and I felt it was rather out of place. I don't know if this is a usual occurance or if it was a special night. I would expect maybe some rat pack piano playing type music or something with a name like Mickey and Mooch!! However I  will definitely suggest trying this place out and we will be back again for sure!!
3	Went for restaurant week had the Charleston crab soup, white truffle fries, crab cakes with bleu cheese coleslaw, key lime torte, and of course a taste of everyone's dishes at my table. Overall it was a nice experience but the portions were very heavy especially the side dishes...they literally were entree size making it a bit overwhelming to enjoy the entree. The food was also a little too bland for my taste, but I would recommend the Charleston crab soup and lump crab cakes - you can definitely taste real crab meat in both and those actually had a lot of flavors! Do try: white truffle fries, Charleston crab soup, lump crab cakes, white chocolate raspberry cheesecake Don't try: wasn't a fan of the steaks I tried here, mashed potatoes, bleu cheese coleslaw
3	My wife and I tried Mickey and Mooch this past weekend (Aug 3), having heard great reviews about it from our apartment manager. I really wasn't sure what to expect until we got there.  Note: the Providence/Arboretum location can be a bit tough to find; we drove around the parking lot for almost 10 minutes until we spotted it. It's in the southeastern portion of the Arboretum, on the west side.The decor is jazz era-Jersey/New York and with the popularity of the Great Gatsby this year, this should be even more in appeal. The restaurant abuts a small lake, with al fresco dining, which is very picturesque. Even if you don't dine outdoors, I recommend walking out on the little overlook behind the restaurant to see the Canadian geese and other wildlife out there.Our waitress was very friendly and helpful. Mickey and Mooch has a variety of mixed drinks and wine (I had a hurricane punch, my wife a glass of Louis Martin), which was very good. For dinner, we shared a small lobster cocktail which was also well done (flavorful and not rubbery). My wife had the fried cod with a baked potato and I had the baby back ribs, also with a baked potato. The food is very plentiful and unfortunately we did not have room for dessert.Mickey and Mooch's is rather pricey; a lot more than for the quality of food you get. The food was good, but the baby back ribs were pretty much like what I would expect from a Tony Roma's or Outback Steakhouse, which would have been a lot less. I respect that you're paying for ambiance and the experience, but at the prices M&M charge, I would have expected a little more zest.All in all, it was a very pleasurable experience and we do intend to go back and try dessert as well.
5	Had the lamb special with a Demi glaze that was incredible! The steaks here are also fantastic, sides are plentiful and the wine, of course good! Never had a bad experience with the service either , everyone is friendly and helpful,
4	Took a lovely lady there Saturday night. The food was great and the service was good too.
3	We ate at Mickey & Mooch this Saturday, a place we like but don't eat at very often. Shrimp Cocktail was a special appetizer and we ordered two. The shrimp were inconsistently cleaned, and while mine was nice and chilled, Deb's was served warm. The cocktail sauce was good, but could have used more of a kick. In my opinion, the steaks here are among the best in the city, and my bone-in ribeye was no exception. Other diners had salads before dinner, and a varieity of crab cakes, cod, and filet for the main course. What I had forgotten was the huge sides and how odd that looks these days compared to most restaurants. Mine was blue cheese cole slaw, very good, but enough for 4 people easily. Same with the plain and stuffed mashed potatoes side, kind of stupidly large. I like a hearty approach to servings, but these are just begging to be wasted. The 'dinner salads' were huge. Overall, the plating, restaurant decor, and serving amounts appear dated. My recommendation would be for the owners to take a look at the meal's accessories and repackage, smaller portions (actually you could take the existing sides and, without changing them at all, make them 'family style' sides (they really are that big). An old fashioned steak house (although, a previous visit proved that they also do chicken parmesan very well) of good quality for sure, but I think they could stand to modernize the menu. We will be back, but given the servings and choices, we only eat there two or three times a year, and we eat out almost every meal.
3	My family had a dinner celebration here for my grandmother's 85th birthday. We had the whole back room reserved for ourselves. It was definitely nice to be set apart from the rest of the restaurant so we could party in privacy. The servers, although very few for the several guests we had, were doing their best to take care of us. Polite and friendly, but obviously rushing about. The dinner was buffet style with options of the chicken marsala, NY strip steak, shrimp and broccoli alfredo, plus side salad, green beans, mashed potatoes, and other veggie sides. Unfortunately, I was the last table to be called up, and by the time I got to the food, there was practically nothing left. They were out of chicken and steak. They already brought out all the steak, so there would be no more of that. Womp. Then they kept saying "2 minutes" for the chicken. A set of ten 2minutes ticked by before getting more chicken. I suppose the fault of not ordering enough steak lies on my family, but I don't think guests should have been waiting for refills to come out. That should have been planned better.I ended up only grabbing some pasta, green beans, and mashed potatoes. All were pretty good, but I could have also been really hungry. They ran out of salads at the buffet table too (sheesh), and so I had to ask a server for one to fill me up more. He said they weren't bringing any more out, but he gave me one anyway. The dressing I picked was weird, though. I assumed it was a Thousand Island by the color, but it had chunks of blue cheese in it. Weird, especially because right next to it was another container for what I assumed was actual Blue Cheese dressing. Serving blue cheese and blue cheese? Huh.Desserts came out and saved my meal. The chocolate cake was delicious!
4	Queens Feast at Mickey & Mooch was great! Haven't been in the restaurant for a few months and thought this would be the perfect opportunity to re-live my dinners there. This did not disappoint me. It was great. We had a party of four, all of us ordered off the Restaurant weeks menu. Two of the party had the Charleston Crab soup, it was delicate but full of crab and delicious, and a very large bowl. One of my party had the Wedge salad which I have had before and they are known for--it was fantastic! I ordered the Filet of Beef with Blue Cheese fondue---Melted in my mouth!! Could have ordered two plates of it!! For my Entree i  had the Cold Water Lobster tail, they were two smaller ones cut in half but wonderfully fresh and tasty. My husband had the Rack of Ribs, smokey and falling off the bone! My friends had the Lamb Chops which looked incredible and the other woman had The Crab Cakes, she loves to order them all over and said these were some of the best!  Desserts were very special, I had the Italian Almond Creme cake..like a Tiramisu with Amaretto instead of coffee and brandy ..It was like a cloud! My husband had the Creme Brulee which was very good. We left feeling very satisfied to find out that it was still a great choice and a place to remember to come ...----more often!!
4	Went here for the very first time. It was so good. And they had great service!  Prices are expensive but overall worth it!
3	This is the kind of place that seems clubby and old school by its name and decor, but it really lacks the intimate qualities and cozy feel of a lot of other upscale restaurants in the area.The decor is a little heavy and shopworn. Clientele is mostly 55+ and I get the impression that the menu hasn't changed in the last 20 years.Food is OK - we had steaks, tuna and salmon and from the looks of the sauce, I suspect that the entrees all got started at the same time and then the fish sat while the steak finished cooking.Overpriced for what you get and the service, while OK, is not outstanding.
4	Love the atmospher, great food....Ribeye was awesome!!!
4	The food keeps me coming back.  The wedge salad is the best.  Their dressing on the salad is too heavenly.  I dont know any restaurants that has a better wedge.  If you do.... Please friend me and give me the restaurant. Also, their mini crab cakes are so good.  It's bite size minis.  Their ribs and grits are good too. Also, most nights there is always music and you will see couples dancing. When I have out-of-town visitors... This is my go to place.  The only down side, which is big.... Is that this place seems to be always under staffed.  That's how you know that the food is really good.  Because I have a low tolerance for slow serviceI know that this restaurant is a steak place.... But I dont consider their steaks as being cream of the crop, and neither does my fellow yelpers.   So. If you are looking for a great steak dinner.... Then, I would go elsewhere.
1	Stunningly mediocre. I had never had bland oysters before. The saltines that came with them were stale. I couldn't finish the beer the server recommended, and the steak required significant amounts of A1 to even attempt. The mashed potatoes were passable at best. Drive the extra ways into Charlotte to get a real steak or seafood dinner. Bleh.
4	Get the truffle fries!
1	We ate here on July 15, 2014.  This location has slipped and here's why.Here's a list of everything that went WRONG:1. The table was not clean when we arrived.  WE had to clean it.2. The Long Island Iced Tea was not made correctly.  (I know because I am a bartender.)3. The waiter bringing the wine did not know that Chardonnay is white and Malbec is red. 4. The wait for the wine was over ten minutes.5. The loaded potato that we ordered came cold and with the incorrect ingredients on top.6. The collards that we ordered were lukewarm.7. The filet we ordered as medium well came to the table as medium/medium rare.8. The ribs we ordered were dry.9. Food presentation was unprofessional.10. Finally, the bill was incorrect and we had to find someone to fix it.  We ended up asking the hostess to fix it. The only good thing?  The salad.Other things we noticed: The hostess seemed to be picking up the slack for several waiters.A table near us waited 20 minutes before a waiter came, which is unprofessional as there were only four tables in the section with customers and the rest of the restaurant was not busy.Unfortunately, this restaurant used to be better. Now, we will not be returning.
1	Dined here last night.    The food was probably three and a half to four star.   We tried the filet mignon, which was cooked fine, and had a deliciously fresh flavor.   The side of mashed potatoes was fine, but too much for one person.   The she crab soup was excellent.   The service was simply atrocious.    We had a reservation, and were seated within five minutes of our time.  (We arrived from out of town and were a few minutes late, but they accommodated nicely).   However, once we got to the table our waitress just seemed to forget about us.   It took thirty minutes just to get our order in.    She kept disappearing for at least twenty minutes at a time, and as a result, we were still eating our dinner at 11:00pm.    For the dessert, it took nearly twenty minutes at that late hour to go and find three plates of dessert??!   She was polite and nice to us whenever she showed up, and we just didn't say anything.    Folks all around us had long been seated, served, and completed their meals in half the time it took us.   If you charge these kinds of prices, part of what you expect is good service.   Heck, ANY kind of service would have been nice.   Don't think we will come back unless we plan an entire day for a meal.
2	A series of disappointments. #1 We went there for the first time expecting elegance with soft background music. Not so.  #2 marinara sauce on the chicken parmesan was watery.  #3 companion's filet mignon was undercooked,  and "corrected" to inedible. #4 Our waiter was usually unavailable but waiters for other tables seemed available and attentive. Unfairly or not, a return is unlikely.  Not a good experience,  possibly not typical.
1	The filet mignon was literally the worst steak I have ever eaten. This is not an exaggeration.  I sent it back and they brought another and I wanted to puke when I tasted it. The side dish of potatoes was inedible. I will not be going back. One gets the impression of very weak management.
5	We are definitely regulars. The food is outstandingly good and very consistent. They have wait staff who remembers us, knows our taste in wine and always has excellent recommendations. Mickey himself seems to always be there, running the kitchen and making delicious items. Just can't say enough good things about this one!!!
4	Excellent food to match excellent service.I had previously looked inside and liked what I saw so I took an opportunity to book a reservation for a quiet night out for a 1st date. I was looking for some place that was cozy, quiet and would allow us to meet and get to know each other comfortably. For once, I got exactly what I wanted and I have to say that the atmosphere helped to set a great mood for such a nice night. The waiter was knowledgeable and very helpful. Polite and professional! He made us feel right at home. And the food was incredible. Exactly as he described so there was no surprises. The flavor was exquisite and the portion was large enough to justify the price. I was quite satisfied and looking forward to another night out at Mickey & Mooch's again soon.
3	Mehhh.  I'll be honest... I expects a bit more.  The food was mediocre.  I had a filet which was a little over cooked and I got it Oscar (with asparagus and crab meat and bernaise) and it was cold.  Is that how is done?  I'm seriously asking because that was my first time... If it is I'm not a fan.  Mickey and Mooch get brownie points for being kid friendly.  The kids loved their food and having a really nice server but the food was nothing special.  I left feeling like we could have had the same meal, at chilis next door for way less money.  Another plus is the turtle pond and fountain on the side.  The kids enjoyed that as well
5	Excellent  restaurant  , food made to near perfection. Friendly staff. Accommodating to handicap individuals.  The one in Huntersville NC.  Have not tried the other.
5	I have honestly never had a bad meal here. I believe they have some of, if not the best, prices in town. The restaurant itself is very clean, with dim lighting and lots of booths along with a great bar area. The food is always cooked perfectly. I love the New York steak or the filet and salmon combo. Did I mention how great their prices are? I also love their grits and the fact that they have a lot of great wines by the glass, which is great for me because hubby doesn't drink. They often have live music. Service is always great too, we especially like one server who we tend to get a lot. I believe her name is Sarah. She's very attentive and friendly. Next time you are choosing between some stuffy uptown or South Park steakhouse, I urge you to consider this place instead.
