5	I was just here today with a cat who had an ear problem.  Said cat was in a cheaper cardboard carrier.  As I'm opening the door, the cat bursts out the bottom, and runs off.  Basically the entire staff helped me chase the guy down, and catch him humanely (just a towel, not a grab trap or anything).  Only harm on him was his pads torn up from running on pavement.They even gave me a bowl of water and some food for him after we got him back in, because he looked a bit dehydrated.This was just today.  Every time I've come here, be it for my dogs, or much more often, my rats, Doctor Goldman is outstanding.  He is about the nicest guy in Las Vegas, extremely knowledgeable and willing to share, and he has never tried to price gouge or been anything less than amazing.To be fair.  I have had one bad experience here.  An older rat had a swollen leg.  I believe we decided it was probably a blood clot.  They gave him some shots, and when I asked about anti-inflammatories they said he shouldn't need them.  The poor guy died that night.Now, I still rate them excellent as this was a separate doctor who I only saw that time, and because rats are amazing little creatures that live and love fast and hard, and when they go, they go the same way.For just about any pet problem, I'd say you should see these guys.  They are the best I've found in all of Vegas.
5	Island Pet Hospital is THE best hospital in town. Their doctors are all wonderful people who truly love all animals.  Dr. Goldman's experience is unprecidented and his caring soul shines through.  You will never feel like just a number at Island.The boarding staff is wonderful as well. We always feel very comfortable leaving our pets there. It is clean and professional.  :)
3	Island pet hospital is in a good location in the Albertson's plaza on Ann/95. The vets and techs are friendly and responsive. The vet used an ear thermometer on my cat, which I appreciated because my cat has been to the vet so often that I hate torturing her more than necessary.I found Island Pet Hospital by searching for Holistic vets in Las Vegas. My goal was to find a holistic vet who didn't look or talk like a cheesy crystal and beads monger from Venice Beach. Dr. Goldman seemed perfect.He is very friendly and knowledgeable and has a pleasant demeanor. However, he and I had severe disagreements about the nutrition of my cat. That's fine, and I wasn't surprised by it, but he was also more than a little condescending. He belittled me and assured me that he, and the good folks at Royal Canin, knew what they were doing, and that I, a mere cat owner, had no idea of the best way to feed my cat. Oh, and have a bag of this Royal Canin kibble. It's teh awesome!Finally, I'm also concerned about the cat "boarding" area. Their boarding area for cats is reminiscent of the kennels at PetSmart where cats waiting for adoption are kept. I suppose this is ok, except that the kennel is kept in the front office, an area that is busy, loud, and drafty.
5	I love Island Pet!I started going here when I was paying at fortune at my last vet and my dog wasn't getting any better. The old vet was treating my dog for a constant cough with various antibiotics and cough medicines. I switched to Island Pet after doing a search for holistic vets.I took my dog to see Dr. Goldman and after some testing he diagnosed her with heart failure and switched all her medications...and even though the overall prognosis wasn't great, he did help her and get her comfortable. And, I finally saw some results. He was excellent about explaining her condition, her medications, all the tests & the results,, etc etc. We ended up losing her about almost 2 years later, but I believe the only reason we had her as long as we did is because of Dr. Goldman's care and the staff at Island Pet. They even sent us a really pretty card signed by the staff when she passed!I currently have 2 dogs, one of which was Dr. Goldman put on a special diet and helped her to lose 20 pounds!The front desk staff is fabulous! The techs & boarding staff visibly care about the animals. I have seen all of the doctors at least once, and they are all awesome, but I am partial to Dr. Goldman!You always want to believe that people love your furry kids as much as you do, but at Island Pet you really feel that way!
1	I had a very bad experience with my last 3 or 4 encounters with this place. Called to board my animals and was given one price but when I picked up my animals the price was much higher. A few times I made appointments I was asked if it was for a deceased pet that was still in their system even after repeatedly telling them the animal had passed away! Sent one of my animals to get neutered and discussed with the Dr. to remove dew claws while my dog was under. This wasn't done, although later I saw that the Dr. noted it in the chart, and I ended up having to put him under again to do the procedure. Being a long time client (9 years and 6 pets) I thought I should take the time to let the office manager of my problems. She (the Dr.'s wife) was rude, offered no apologies and even told me that I should take the blame for not double, triple checking to make sure I got the right price and the right procedure done! Are you kidding me??? She said she'd never had any complaints to which I told her most people just change vets while I was sincerely trying to bring her attention to customer service issues. FIRED!! Now go to South Shores Animal Hosp. and am VERY happy with their customer service!! PS.  I also felt as if I were buying a used car every time I would see Dr. Goldman because he would try to sell me every product that he had on the shelf as if that was his primary source of income!!  Made a vow to spread my horrible experience with this clinic.
1	I totally agree with the reviewer that said it feels as if you are dealing with a used car salesman when you deal with Dr. Goldman! My chihuahua has epilepsy, and since we just recently moved from Seattle, we were looking for a new vet to take her to for check-ups periodically.  Dr. Goldman spent over half an hour talking to us....but not about our dog....instead he spent that time trying to convince us that he was not trying to pad the bill, even though neither of us had even seen the bill yet, nor had we complained about price or implied that he was overcharging for anything. It struck us as really odd that his primary focus would be trying to convince us that he wasn't a shyster, which definitely gives you the impression that he'd been accused of such a thing by others. All we were looking for was someone to occasionally prescribe her a muscle relaxer or valium to help with her seizures, but what he worked up as a protocol for her was going to cost almost $600.00!! (all this while telling us that he's not sure that what he had planned would even help!) When we told him "Thank you, anyways." he shook his head and gave us a disapproving look. Thanks, but no thanks.
5	My dogs have been going to Island Pet Hospital for years now.  I have also used their boarding many times.  Today my dog didn't feel well.  I called and got right in for an appointment.  On the way from the car to the front door we saw a couple of the kennel staff who called out to my dog.  They then walked out of their way to come pet her.  Once inside we were shown to a room where other kennel staff who heard we were there came to the room to see the dog.  Imagine how many animals they must see and yet they remembered my dog, BY NAME and took the time to come say hello.  Dr. Collins came in to treat her, got down on the floor and while talking to and petting the dog, did an exam.  We talked about how to treat and are taking the less expensive route first, as this dog is prone to UTI's.....and if she isn't better in a couple of days, we will then go back for more tests.  I can't say enough good things about how caring the entire staff of Island Pet Hospital is!!!!!
5	Thank you Dr. Goldman and Island Pet Hospital for taking the time to take care of my 2 little dwarf hamsters. Dr. Goldman took the time to explain the tumors and surgeries, along with a risk versus benefit discussion. Then he was able to perform the surgery that same day (I had a morning appointment) and picked up my little girls that afternoon. The staff there is great, very friendly and everyone wants to say hi to every patient that walks through the door.
2	I totally agree with how they tend to try to sell you on "upgrades" or sell you on the more expensive options for your "car"!  They really do charge a lot.....looking for a different vet....any recommendations?
5	The Island Pet Hospital is the best hands down. They have the CLEANEST facility I've ever seen and their staff is so courteous, helpful and super friendly. They make me feel like family, which is super important when trusting my animals care to someone. They are not expensive and are convenient to get to. They do everything and they board animals all at very competitive prices, and my dog always leaves so happy, I wonder if she misses me at all. I seriously love this place. No matter where I move in town this is my vet! I can't say enough good things about the doctors and staff and cleanliness. Its far superior to any vet I've ever been to in town or out of town for that matter. I never have wait times, and my dog loves it there. They treat her like she is a true member of their family. They are genuine, sincere and are knowledgeable most of all. They are always a phone call away and ready to help.
3	I have been going to Island Pet for many years, but something has changed lately and I think I will have to find another hospital.  I have not been able to make an appointment with Dr Goldman and although the other vets are fine HE is the one who would see my tortoise, parrot, did emergency surgery on my quail chick, spent all the time needed to discuss treatments and diagnosis, and without him there something has been lost.The facilty is clean, medicine is up to date. however, my last visit was not productive. My cat suddenly stopped eating and solutions for his recovery were not forthcoming. I felt as if we were only prolonging the inevitable. He had been seen there and at other hospitals for ulcer type autoimmune disease, but now he had neoplasias, lost weight - the doc and I struggled to find the problem to the tune of nearly $800.  Just when it appeared he might be improving, he passed away at home. I informed the staff, but no doctor called me and no one followed up at all, and last but not perhaps least, I didn't even get a sympathy card. It is as if whoever is driving the train is asleep and has forgotten about customer care.  I expected the doc to call so I could perhaps excise the neoplasias and get a necropsy, but no, and the family was devistated and we had to hurry with the funeral. I used to get a comprehensive estimate before the doc did anything, but this last time I didn't, and was hit with a $200 lab culture that turned out to be negative anyway; in the meantime the cat went downhill and I couldn't get any answers because the attending vet was on his days off and I couldn't get a call from him about the case until he came back to work.I returned there once recently to pick something up for one of my dogs, reminded them of my cat's demise, they said he was out of their system, but no "we're so sorry" or "how are you doing".  Apathy seems to have set in, which is kind of heartbreaking.You'll probably do OK with routine care, the place is clean and modern, I just don't get the one-on-one service I used to.  Service is everything. Goodwill is a part of the business that can't be valued.
5	Island Pet is wonderful.  Dr. Collins and staff have been treating our dog (who is a bit tempermental) and our cat for about six years.  Excellent boarding, as well!  Staff is attentive, courteous, and efficient.
5	I have been a client of IPH for about four years now. Dr Watson was my Busters Vet. She is so  deadicatied to her patients and her profession . Buster recently passed and it was very heartrenching as you can imanige. When I brought Buster to the hospital to be cremated the girls met me in the parking lot with a gurney and a blanket. They took charge with care and dignity which made me feel a little better. I just recieved a card in the mail today which made me cry and I will cherish. All the staff signed and wrote words of comfort which it was. Dr Watson wrote me a personal note which made me feel good having wondered did I do everything I could and her words assured me that I did. I just rescued a a pup and  from the rescue center and I know he will be in good hands with Dr Watson and the staff at IPH.
