3	We were surprised at 1pm to be told that the did not serve lunch before 2pm, so we had to eat a second breakfast (we had reserved specifically for lunch but weren't advised of this).The waiters seemed to have tunnel vision and service was pretty slow, but to their defense today was mother's day, so the service may be better at other times. Overall, food was very good and the price is right; we were thus not completely disapointed.Also smaller groups were served faster, so definitely not group-friendly. Couples and smaller tables were served faster, so definitely not group-friendly.
4	EM Cafe opened two years ago and was a hit from the start, mainly because the decor is breezy and effortless. It's got tall ceilings, white walls showcasing local artists, and a big table in the middle for communal eating or large groups. The food itself is pretty basic, although recently there's been a dip in quality of some of the food (potatoes are getting complaints). Sandwiches, omelettes, and french toast are all pretty good and portions are decent (not huge, but decent).It's become something of a fixed hangout in the Mile End, which is saying a lot because Parc Avenue has this reputation of killing every establishment that tries to thrive within the first 6 months.
4	Lovely atmosphere, good coffee. I go there pretty often to work on my computer because they have free wi-fi and let you sit there for a while. Can get busy at lunch time. Have good food, especially the vegan burger.
3	Five stars for the space and the atmosphere: light, airy, modern. Also: free wifi.One star for the coffee, which is nothing short of terrible.
5	Really great food for an affordable price.  I've had the Em burger and the Em sandwich and both were amazing with the goat cheese on them.  I wish more places had goat cheese on sandwiches :)
1	Avoid this place if you are looking for yummy food. Reasons to go: free wifi, big enough they won't kick you out. Looks are deceiving here- it's clean and bright and big- but that's about it.
4	Nice cafe. Good atmosphere and decor. Friendly staff. Nice cafe, though not my favourite in the area.
