4	I decided to stop into this restaurant today because 1. I just came from the gym and I was pretty hungry and 2. I'm Hawaiian and I'm pretty fond of Hawaiian food.  Checked out the menu and saw that there weren't many options for the vegetarians out there :(  But, it is Hawaiian food (aka rice and meat central) and I knowingly took the risk.  Lucky for me I am a pescetarian so I divulged on the Mahi Burger.  Being used to the Vegas version of the "L&L" mahi I was actually expecting something subpar and didn't expect the sandwich to be actually pretty dang good!  The fish was fresh and that's all you can really ask for in a mahimahi burger.  They also let me substitute my fries with kim chee and I must say - the kim chee here is SO good!  I'm not really into the saucy kim chees out there and their kim chee hit the spot.  My fiancee had the "Local Plate" which consisted of BBQ beef and chicken, two scoops of rice, a scoop of mac salad AND two musubis for 8.50!  What a deal!  She barely finished it because there was so much food to try and digest.  I did try some her mac salad to compare to the mac salad from back at home but it didn't compare so I passed on eating more of it.Overall, I thought the food here was actually pretty grubbin'.  Four stars for the lack of veggie stuffs but thumbs up to making a killer mahi sammich.  Would I visit here again?  Pretty sure I will.  Right down the street from my house so why not?  Nice to eat some Hawaiian food other than the L&L and Aloha Kitchen usual I frequent.  More updates soon I'm sure.
4	Yummy in my tummy... Really good Hawaiian food
5	I'm pretty sure this is connected to the China A Go Go business that's two store down from it and much like that place, I'm very satisfied with this place. Much like China A Go Go, they cook you fresh food and it's quick. This place has the typical Hawaiian BBQ menu with enters such as macaroni salad, chick katsu, bbq, chicken, mahi mahi, fried shrimp and so on but half of it's menu consist of Japanese dishes. There's about 12 different sushi rolls, tempura a couple of bowl dishes and musubi.Good stuff all the way.As with any Hawaiian BBQ restaurant, I always judge it by it's chicken katsu and this place is my top spot. I last ordered a katsu/bbq chicken combo and I prefer their version of both compared to the more popular L&L. As for the venue itself, it's all clean, less than two years old I think. Last I remember, this place used to be a Sandwich Masters and compared to that place, it's a completely different store. Fairly small, only about 9 tables I think but I've never seen that place busy. Usually people just order and pick up there. You seat yourself there so it's more of the fast food type of deal than a sit down place. They seemed to be stressing about not being able to get deliveries out though so either eat there or do a pick up. If you're in the mood for some Hawaiian or Japanese food, I definitely recommend this place.
4	never tried this place because we always go to china a go go next door. i had the grilled mahi mahi and the chicken combo.both very good and comes with alot of food. rice was good and so was the macaroni salad. i was very happy with how good the food was. if you havent tried give it a shot a solid choice!
4	Had the Loco Moco last night.  It sure took care of my cravings.  It's conveniently by my house and I will be sure to come back for more.
4	WHERE: Located in the plaza on Charleston & Sloan.WHEN: 10am-930pm, I believe.WHY: If you happened to just recently move around this side of town, and are desperately in need of some quick and great tasting Hawaiian food, look no further!WHAT: I had got off from work and straight home to some hungry brothers of mine! We debated on what type of food to eat, and came to conclude we were all craving some good old Hawaiian food! I would usually drive that 5 minutes to Island Flavor, but the 5 minutes actually became 35 minutes from our new place! Boohooo!!! =(I then decided to search on Yelp, and I was lucky enough to spot this SPOT. Muahaha!!First thing's first. We step in to order. My brother and I both get the chicken combo, while my other brother gets the local plate. (Most plates are 8 bucks and well-worth the 8 bucks!!) While we are waiting for our food, the server brings us a bowl of MISO SOUP!!! C'mon, who has ever had a side of miso at a hawaiian joint!! I say BOMB.COM!!! That right there = SOLD! Haha.After a minute or so, we got our actual combo plates. Fast service, I may add! I loved the chicken katsu, but my bbq chicken was on the bland side.  I could suggest adding a little bit more seasoning or even bbq sauce would have done the trick! Besides my bbq chicken, everything was splendid! I will definitely come back on those chicken katsu crave days!
5	I love how this place has sushi and also the other common things found in other franchised Hawaiian places. The sushi rolls are good but a tad expensive for each because there is no option for AYCE. But the chicken Katsu is really good :]If you eat there they give you a little miso soup. Pick up is quick and it's usually never busy.Being located super close to my house Is a plus.Overall it's a cool little spot :]
4	Come here when I need a sushi fix! Conveniently located in a residential area. We don't have to drive across town and comb for parking. It's located in a plaza, right next to China a gogo and Albertsons. The staff is really nice. They serve hawaiian food and sushi. The hawaiian food is alright, just as good as L&L. The sushi is decent as well. Not amazing but it's good enough. $4 for and 8 piece California roll and $7 for specialty rolls. It's very clean inside and they have comfortable booths.
3	Food was okay tasting. Will go back to try the malasadas and give a more complete review.
4	this looks so good! but i dont know where the menu is!!!!!!
3	Their store sign says "Hawaiian BBQ" and not Aloha A GoGo, but it's next door to the China A GoGo, so we figured we found the right place.Hubby had the Hawaiian BBQ Mix Plate and I had the Chicken Combo. We shared the Unagi Roll sushi.First the good news:  My plate consisted of the chicken katsu and BBQ chicken, which came with a side of katsu sauce, 2 scoops of rice and a side of macaroni salad. Both chicken types were good and I had no complaints, but the rice was on the dry, "al dente" side and the macaroni salad left a bit to be desired. I've tasted better macaroni salad before and even L & L serves up better macaroni salad.The unagi sushi was great! Very smooth and delicious and the avocado inside the sushi was perfect and flavorful! The sushi was filled with crab meat, avocado, and cucumber with eel on top of it, drizzled with eel sauce. Very nice!Now the bad news:  Hubby was not so fortunate with his choice, which was the Hawaiian BBQ mix plate consisting of BBQ short ribs, BBQ beef, and BBQ chicken. The beef and short ribs were tough and chewy, in spite of the BBQ beef being very thinly sliced. Short ribs are normally tender, but not this one and he said its flavor was mild to almost nothing. The meat was served with a side of sauce, though, so that helped somewhat. Same story as mine for the rice and macaroni salad on his plate.We thought the best part of the meal was the eel sushi and we'll definitely go back again to try other types of sushi and also their malasadas. I have to say that their sushi is reasonably priced. California Roll is $3.95 and the unagi sushi we ordered was $5.95. Very affordable.They have a wide assortment of food choices on their menu such as burgers, saimin, musubi, and haupia (coconut pudding dessert) and they offer catering service and delivery service within 3 miles. We'll be back!
1	My review is based solely on the hamburger steak I had there.  These people dont understand that the gravy NEEDS to be brown, not white.  What a turn off!  Didn't taste very good at all.  Sushi is good though.  Perhaps they need to actually go to Hawaii and eat a plate lunch before opening a "Hawaiian" BBQ!  Auwe!
5	I eat here all the time, food is really good. They serve a good portion for your money, I recommend the grilled mahi mahi very tasty!
3	This place is great when you want to stuff your face after not eating for some elongated period of time. I always order the sampler dish, which has 3 fried seafoods. This location isn't nearly as tasty or fresh as the chain's spots in Oahu, where I used to hit up after long days of surfing but still noticed the superior quality as opposed to Vegas locations.I'd avoid this place after 7 or 8pm, b/c they definitely don't cook the food to-order near closing time.
4	I love this place for a quick meal.  The kahlua pork looks disgusting but tastes delicious!  The amount of food you get for the price is very reasonable.  I like the chicken katsu but not the sauce they serve with it so I just use soy sauce and chili sauce, yum.    The only side dish that is almost good is the macaroni salad...they need to cook the pasta longer, always hard, blech.Man I wish it were open right now, I'm craving that ish!!
4	Not the best but,it'll do
4	Found this little place when they sent an ad to my house and when i saw they sold sushi and how close they were i had to try it out! I just went there this morning and had a few rolls. For the price, they were great! Definitely filled my sushi craving and i will definitely be coming back for more. The lady there was real nice and the service was quick! I recommend you all try it out.
1	Based on 3 orders. Their mac salad wasn't bad but it definitely wasn't good either. I had pork katsu, it was very over cooked (chewy and inedible towards the end) and the batter/breading wasn't right, much if it just fell off the pork anyway. Boyfriend had chicken cutlet (they used katsu breading for his...) and he said they cross contaminated the oil cause it had a shrimp taste and the gravy was lumpy as well. Other friend had BBQ beef which was fine, but pretty much standard.
4	This is a good solid place for a Hawaiian fix. I like to get the Atkins plate, it comes with BBQ chicken, short ribs, BBQ beef, and 2 eggs. They also give you a side of rice and Mac salad! It's all very flavorful, and they give you a couple pieces of each meat. This is forsure worth the 8.25. The Mac salad is fantastic, which is another reason I like to get the plate.If you're feeling extra lazy, they deliver! I haven't used it yet so I'm not sure if they have a minimum. But, how many other Hawaiian places deliver? It's a big plus, in my opinion.
4	I'm a good fan of this place. Having eaten here twice, i've tried their sushi and their chicken Katsu. Hawaiian bbq isn't something i eat too often so once in awhile it just tastes great. The menu here has a nice good selection, prices are alright, but the food quality is very satisfying.Service is fast and the lady working here is very nice. Waiting on orders have been short with my experiences, maybe 5 to 10 minutes on 3 dishes is quite short for the amount they have to cook. I'm not a big fan of Macaroni Salad, but Aloha A Go Go has a pretty tasty macaroni salad. Of course don't expect anything fancy here. The chicken katsu is also quite good. comes out fresh tasting, and crunchy and at the right temperature it's just perfect.Not much else to say but definitely give it a try. I've tried many other Hawaiian bbq's in Las Vegas and Aloha A Go Go doesn't disappoint!
4	Closest Hawaiian food from my place. If I don't feel like driving to L&L. Just as good! But katsu at L&L is better in my opinion
2	I this place on yelp and thought I would give it a try. I called to make they were still open and I could still order. When they answer the phone They told me that  they were still open and I could still come in order. When u got to the store they didn't greet me or  knowledge that I was standing at the front counter when I finally asked if I could place an order someone walked over to the front he was incredibly rude he didn't even make eye contact with me. I ordered two different type of sushi I then asked him if he thought the ones that I ordered were good he said they were okay.  I then asked him if he had any recommendations and he said that the   Crunch roll was good which was when I was that I had ordered. He wasn't really paying attention to what I had ordered and he had already written my order down wrong and he just seemed annoyed that that we were even buying food which was kind of strange. Over all the sushi was decent but base in service will not be going back. Disappointed how I was treated.
4	Always get the same thing when I come here and it never lets me down: The local plate with katsu chicken in place of teriyaki chicken!Unlike other hawaiian spots they give you big portions of rice but one thing I don't really agree with is why they don't put my damn macaroni salad in a separate cup idk about you but I don't like my ms warm... Other than that I love this place.But I'm not too fond of the staff my two years going there I've never seen one person smile.8/10 would be 9 but warm macaroni salad.
4	This our go to place for ordering if we want something fast, simple, and delicious.  We usually get the Hawaiian bbq chicken plate and my husband gets the bbq chicken sandwich.  Everything is so good.  The chicken is tender, juicy, and full of flavor.  And I must say that I am not a huge fan of macaroni salad but for some reason their macaroni salad is so good.  And also my husband likes their fried rice that comes with the meal.
4	I really enjoyed this place.  First we ordered a C&C roll (sushi with crab, avocado, and cream cheese).  It was so fresh and yummy!  It came out very quickly.My husband ordered the combo that had short ribs, bbq beef, and something else meaty.  The short ribs were a bit fatty, but the bbq beef was really good.  I ordered the chicken combo with bbq chicken and chicken katsu.  Tons of food, and for $7.95? Can't beat it.  Loved the chicken katsu, but the bbq chicken was a bit fatty.  Loved the katsu sauce.  The mac salad was really good!  First time I've ever tasted tuna in a Hawaiian mac salad.  Overall, really good food.  I wanna come back especially to get some more of that C&C roll!
