4	This is a much overlooked Starbucks at the eastern edge of McCarran by Russell and Eastern.There is a drive through which can present a problem when it's busy.  The drive through cars waiting can sometimes block the parking spots.The inside has many tables and it's laid out quite well.
2	Terrible customer service.  I think they burned my drink because I sent it back.  I said no ice and it felt like everyone rolled their eyes.  Starbucks should have a laid back feel, not a diva feel.  Wanna be a diva?  Drink rockstar and quit Starbucks.  Love lattes though.  :)
5	This is my favorite Starbucks! I stop here often, I like the fresh coffee, food and pastries! The employees are kind and efficient (especially the drive through (Michael) he always has a great smile and willing to answer questions on different selections and is knowledgeable about the different coffees for sale at the moment, which is nice because I don't have to go in and look, I can trust his judgement because I know he has studied the coffee of the month! The best for me!
3	It's a Starbucks just like all other Starbucks, only this one is constantly busy.  It always seems to be near impossible to find somewhere to sit down and enjoy the cup of coffee you just ordered.  With that said the employees always seem to get my drink right and out to me quickly.  They are well trained and friendly.The drive thru is difficult to maneuver into, especially if you are in a large vehicle.  Also, the shopping center is difficult to get into and get out of especially if you want to make a left turn when leaving.
4	Nice and clean location. Service is friendly but, a little slow. This specific location seems a little under staffed sometimes.
1	Will never come here again.  Ordered a Cafe Vanilla Cappuccino at 8:45pm, along with 2 other drinks for some employees at the business where I work at.  I came back to the business and realized that this drink was all whipped cream (which has since melted) and barely any drink.  I came back to the store around 9:01pm, and asked politely if they would either get me a new drink or refund the money I paid since I know they cant make another one.  They basically told me to F-Off, we're closed, come back tomorrow.  Avoid this location like the plague.
2	The process at this store is really slow and disorganized. No one really looks like they know what they are doing, and the service is extremely slow. The trash was overflowing and the cafe tables were dirty. They did clean them partially once while I was here, but after about 30 min, not the required every 10 min.
3	Lots of seating inside and on patio.
3	This is a no frills Starbucks. It's a drive-thru so that's handy, but the parking lot is so cramped it can get really backed up and cause a problem when they're busy. Service was standard. They are pretty quick and I don't have to wait too long when I'm waiting in my car.
2	worst drive thru design ever
4	My go to starbucks when im in dire need of my iced cafe americano. There service is pretty good most of the times. They have this one male worker that seems like he hates his job and doesn't want to be there though.
4	Really nice staff, just a little tricky to get to if you are not familiar with the area.
2	Disappointed in Starbucks today. My Venti quad caramel macchiato was horrible. I looked on the outside of the cup to see what They gave me and there was no white paper or writing on the cup. Whatever they made me wasn't what I ordered . I can't say they were busy at 0530 on a Sunday with me and one other car in the drive thru. Disappointing Starbucks. The staff at the drive thru was friendly that's why u have 2 stars.
1	Horrible.  I am a strict vegan.  I ordered a latte with soy milk at the drive trying thru and drove off.  Halfway to work & 6 sips in I realized something tastes off.  I opened the cup to discover whipped cream at the top of my cup.  I am enraged!  Obviously if someone orders soy they are either vegan or lactose intolerant so adding whipped cream defeats the purpose & makes no sense.  I called to complain & the manager offered to make me a new drink (too late, I was already at work for my 7am shift) or I could come back later for a free coffee voucher.  No thanks, I dont want your mediocre coffee.  Do yourself a favor and drive down the street to Sunrise Coffee on Sunset, east of Eastern.  They have an amazing,  competent staff, & the quality of their coffee is 100% better than Starbucks burnt coffee.
4	We went there early (6:30 am or so) on a Tuesday morning. We were staying near Main Street Station, and this was a convenient location that was easier to access than some of the Starbucks in the Fremont area. Staff was friendly and efficient and our drinks were good. Everything including the bathrooms were cleaned and stocked. At that time of day plenty of room to work and reliable wifi. Exactly what I expect and like at Starbucks.
1	Ok this is suppose to be Starbucks, where we pay an arm and a leg for coffee and SERVICE! If this place wasn't so close to my house, we'd avoid it.They are the worst! The server Greg doesn't know what are in the drinks and doesn't ask for your name so other people get to pick up your drinks.The other workers aren't much better. In fact while I'm sitting here writing this review there's another customer asking for a manager-lol! The guy responded we're all assistants here, what a load of bs.
5	Love,Love,Love this particular Location.It has a great outdoor seating area and the inside is nice and new.I got a Venti Caramel Ribbon Crunch Frappucino,Extra crunch.The Frap wwas only okay-Maybe coz I got a Venti, am a Grande Kinda Girl.So it was too too much but tasted fine.The Staff is busy and efficient,its possible if U get bad service, coffee or tea its bcoz they are steadily busy-Drive thru is busy too(patience).They offered(previously) 2remake or substitute my drink if I didn't like what I ordered?All good in my book and I recommend it Highly.Plus Free Wi-Fi and comfortable seating, Oh yeah A/C works great so great place to get a cool drink and escape the 120degree weather.Would strongly suggest it for 1st coffee dates or business meetings.
4	Normal Starbucks. Nothing special about it. They always make my drinks the way I want it. Friendly staff & their drive thru is quick. If you're going to park & go inside make sure you don't park near the drive thru because the line gets long & you will get blocked in.
5	Yippee, a real Starbucks! So many of those Casino hotels have Starbucks in them but I just cannot think if those as real locations. We found two nice comfy chairs to relax and enjoy our lattes, which were as expected and not as high priced as some of the Starbucks on the strip!
4	Though I'm not a coffee drinker, I like this place.They have a large variety of breads, cakes, buns, etc., all of which I've sampled.I imagine that they all go very well with hot coffee.I've tried some of their cold coffee drinks and their pretty good.There is ample parking and seating.The bathroom is clean, the whole place in general is clean.Here's something unique...I've been their every week for the past month, and I've seen the bug exterminator there twice (he sprayed the outside of the building).Some of you might think that this is a negative but I view it as a positive.They are obviously taking precautions to avoid a potential infestation.I think that's commendable, whether they've had past problems or not.They don't pressure people to buy something, so you can just work on your laptop, or relax for a while (but people always order coffee).The service is good, and they even bring your order to the table if they're not swamped.It's a nice, quiet place to get out of the sun and grab a snack.
2	I will continue to go to Starbucks because I haven't been able to make my own carmel mocciato at home. Service could have been much better. It was like I was invisible.  The employees talking amongst themselves,  lack of teamwork. Slow service. I'll have to buy my coffee drinks at another store.
1	This place SUCKS!  So SLOW SERVICE!  They make 1/2 our order than wait on others & make their drinks, after 10 minutes they go back to making the rest of it order!  They don't know what is in their drinks, don't ask for a sample they can't figure that out either!!
