5	I live near one of these locations and I travel to the further location! Why you ask? Well customer service! Tiffany is incredibly helpful, so nice and isn't a pushy sales person! I am so thankful I ran into this store one day and found her.This Verizon location sells one of the best products and has an awesome display of phones. Lots to choose from. You can also pay your bill here. There is a $3 service charge if you pay cash but if you use your card there is no charge. Who can beat that? I am definitely going to use my upgrades here and provide this location all of my future business! Especially if Tiffany is there! Don't get me wrong, everyone is very nice but she is pretty cool. If you need a Verizon wireless store, stop by. I bet you won't be upset that you did. Guaranteed!!
2	Based on customer service this place rates low. My mom and I walked in to add more phones to our plan and there was two people in here. We don't mind waiting but when we walked in they never acknowledge us or said hello. We are paying customers at the least you can say is hello I'll be right with you. Another man walked in after us and they never said anything to him either. I expect more out of verizon.
5	I am very pleased and elated with the outstanding customer service that I received and was given by Napono.  He was so kind and informative. He was very patient with me and took the extra time to ensure that I understood everything. He was amazing with helping me set up all of my devices and made sure I understood how to use them. He is the reason I came to this store and will continue to come back. Thank you Napono.
5	Just have to say the customer service here is awesome! So awesome they deserve a 5 star rating instead of the 4 start they already have. Stephanie helped my mom and I get new phones and switch our plan to the Verizon edge plan! We also received a promotion for 10GB data plan to share on our family plan! For a reasonable price! Which is more then enough! My mom isn't into electronics as much as I am lol she was going from the old Casio ravine or rock and upgraded to the Samsung Galaxy S4! Stephanie and Martel were both very helpful! My mom also gets nervous when buying new cell phones so somehow Stephanie managed to help her understand her new phone, how our new plan works and break down the pricing for today! So props to her for that lol They also helped me get rid of my piece of crap iPhone and get me into the droid turbo! She helped me also realize how android operating system is better then iOS, which means a lot to me because if we're spending a lot on these devices I want to invest my money into something that will be worth my time and money! I work at a dental office in Las Vegas and we encourage our patients to leave us reviews when they have exceptional service! So I understand how it's very helpful for companies! I will be referring my Verizon friends to this location too! Thank you Stephanie and Martel!
5	We bought a phone and plan , and we were.  trying to use a number from another company . It took almost 2 weeks to get the phone #switched , due to the other company . However, Omar stayed with it and finally got our phone activated . Great patience and customer service !! Thank you so much for not giving up and staying with it until the issue was resolved !
