5	Just what Phoenix and downtown needed -- a for-real, big, committed-to-underground music dance club.The proprietors of this place (also the owners of adjacent Bar Smith) are house music kangs but kangs in general. The name "Monarch" is deliciously appropriate.Amazing sound system and exciting things afoot.THANK YOU for giving Phoenix a heartbeat.See you on the dancefloor.
5	I was here last Saturday to see to Mark Farina, who they put on from midnight to 4 AM. The door staff was friendly, which is what I expect out of a Downtown Phoenix bar or club, not a Scottsdale one. The crowd was mixed, and everyone looked like they were having a good time.As I arrived,  a local DJ was playing, and for the life of me I can't remember his name, but he had people dancing when the place wasn't crowded yet. Definitely a crowd pleaser. The audio system was pretty good, but echoes were noticeable on the south end of the room, and the sound was a bit tinny. I'm not an audio engineer, but I think it would sound better by adding speakers on the south end of the room and turning the sound down a bit as to reduce the slightly tinny, blaring sound. Don't get me wrong--the sound is pretty good--but there is room for improvement in the next year or two. Mark Farina was excellent, as expected, and had nearly everyone in the jam-packed place dancing.The bar staff was friendly, drinks were reasonably-priced, but as the place got very busy, service was a little too slow. But it's nothing unexpected and I was satisfied with the bar and the staff.This place is actually perfect for me. I tend to like the bars, clubs and restaurants of Central and Downtown Phoenix, and there really is a need for an electronic music club in Downtown Phoenix. It looks like the owners of Bar Smith are filling this need by opening Monarch Theater. I really hope it's successful. The place does need a bit of work--a few things looked still under construction--but it's obvious that they are making continuous improvements. It's definitely worth checking out.
2	I have read the few reviews on this place on yelp and google, and as a major EDM enthusiast, I had to check it out. After hearing this is the spot to be for those who like Electronic music, I was very eager and excited to have a reason to come downtown, and happy to go to this place after our event. We showed up at 11 pm. This place was damn near empty. It was Friday. I have liked this place on Facebook, and they are always advertising "Fusion Fridays", where there is 1 dollar Bud Lights and 2 for 1 drinks until 11. We got there right after the specials ended, and the drinks were normal club prices. Ladies got in free, for dudes it was 10 bucks. They were mixed really weak, and truthfully, I wish they had something better to choose from beer wise.The sound system was great. I mean, the bass was awesome, but not overpowering. It was on par with the other parts of the audio spectrum. IT WAS REALLY REALLY LOUD. As an "audiophile", I found this to be the only good quality on this particular night. The DJ was local, but there wasn't really anyone dancing. The place was slowly filling up as we left.Why did we leave? Well, the music was not to my liking. In any club, the DJ plays and caters to the crowd; so the music went from hip hop mixing to regaton. I was there with my girlfriend to dance, but was hoping for the EDM DJ who played earlier in the night. As soon as the regaton started bumping, everyone kept dancing, and of course it kept getting mixed song after song. The crowd was primarily latino at that point, and because of the vibe and the music we decided to go next door to BarSmith (see my review on that place as well).I will only be back to see a DJ that I like spin. The inside had a warehouse vibe and seemed to be setup more for DJ "shows" rather than a club like environment.
3	I've been to a few events here and there at The Monarch. Overall I think it's a really cool place to throw an art show/dance night/party etc. There's plenty of space (hello, 2 floors!) and seating. I'm not sure if this place is only open for special events or open all the time.My major qualm with this place is the drink prices. This place is not upscale..please tell me again why a Jameson and soda costs $9? Who is controlling the drink prices? Pretty ridiculous. The bartenders make good drinks but the price makes me want to head elsewhere.
5	DRINKS/SERVICEI was satisfied with my drinks.  The bartenders have been in the game for while now and know their stuff.  If you ask them for a drink - they KNOW how to make it.  Some people may feel cheated due to the fact they use small plastic cups instead of tall glassware, but you still get an ounce and half of liquor to 2.   You don't need so much filler.   MUSIC/SOUND:  By far the most intense sound system at ANY night club/bar venue in Phoenix.  Those speakers were knocking down bottles of call liquors off of the shelf - spilling everywhere.  Beers were rattling in the display fridge.    The music is eargasmic - I'm a big fan of UK Thursdays - that dubstep through those speakers makes you forget you came out of a woman.   Your brain starts to micromanage itself to an element of robotic tendencies.    The DJ and music talent is top notch.  DJ's that actually mix and know how to find music and produce.  J PAUL is a beast during UK Thursdays and FOUL PLAY Fridays next door at Barsmith.   They bring in EDM greats ranging from DILLON FRANCIS, MARK FARINA, NETSKY, and many more.  Stay Tuned.   ATMOSPHERE/SPACE:2 stories of club space! they don't use both floors on every night, but when they do - it gets PACKED.  Along with the club nights,  they have fashion shows/artist showcases/and the space can be inquired for private parties or events.  I've even caught some professional urban/hip hop dancers practicing upstairs during one of the Wednesday night club nights (a non functional club night now), and you can train and get free lessons from them if you show up to the club from 8 to 11pm.   Monarch is CRAZY!
4	Great venue but please turn down the sound system two notches PLEASE!  I love great sound systems but it's not good when the sound is echoed bouncing off the ceiling and ppl leave early cuz they have a headache.  I have been to Monarch a dozen times since it opened and seen some really awesome DJs like Christopher Lawrence, Mark Farina, Danny Howells, James Zabiela, and singer Nadia Ali.  I will continue to pay to see good DJs at Monarch like Crystal Method tmr but it will be so much more enjoyable if you don't crank it up so much.  Hope Management is reading this. :-D
4	TURN IT UP TO 11 MAN!!!  holy jesus it's loud in here. i mean, blow your ear drums out loud. bring ear plugs
2	I really dislike giving bad reviews but this place deserves it. I like the inside space and the bar expands along the wall and the artist bookings are great but there are major disappointments every single time I have been here.I was there last night (10-30-13) for a show. Our group arrived early and the buzzkill started immediately when you walked in the place and there were 2 metal rails placed through the center of the place from the back right up to the front. This divide was to host an under 21 crowd on one side and the oldies but goodies on the other. Now, I understand there are laws and regulations that try to keep people apart in fear a sip of a tasty beverage may be had but come on people! How about a little more inventiveness to reduce the front part of the 21+ area (part of the bar they weren't using anyways) and move the rails to the left... thus creating a dance floor area where everyone can dance, party, have fun together.  Simple thoughts take only a moment and make so much difference.The other, as it seems so many other comments have talked about is the sound. There is a great sound system in there with a below par sound engineer who EQs the place so that you leave with your ears ringing (and I am still hearing ringing the day after). This entirely has to do with good sound engineers. Also, what is with the vents above rattling from the bass. Stuff some napkins up there for God sake! And if that doesn't work, maybe its time to think about placing a floating ceiling in between the ducts (i know its trying to look cool that way) to mute the rattling? The last thing and so important... what is with the security guards posted up on stage at each of the speakers observing the crowd?? Arms crossed really trying to spot those no good people out in the crowd. Are you serious? Every  city around the world that I have traveled to has fun people from the crowds dancing up at the speakers and here in good ole Phoenix it feels like an extension of tent city with security there. Security should be strategically placed so they have their power control trip without dominating the scene.  Something really should be done as this is a good space and there is no reason for the lack of innovation and to over security control. Its not good representation for artists to see and leave with stories such as this either...
2	The idea behind the Monarch Theatre is great and they attract a lot of top talent. There needs to be some serious changes, however, and I don't see myself going back again unless I was desperate to see a music artist.The worst part of the venue is the sound setup. It's simply too loud and I'm surprised they haven't seen all the feedback about it. The bass was so intense (no matter what was playing) that I could barely hear the rest of the spectrum of sounds. They need to seriously tweak the EQ and drop the volume because it ruins otherwise good experiences.The physical split in the middle of the room is annoying and there are metal poles on the dance floor that obstruct your view. You can't have something like that in a concert situation. Both of those things hurt the experience.The second worst part about Monarch is probably the drink prices. Don't even think about ordering anything. Two tiny shots of tequila in plastic cups ran me $14.They have to take a serious look at the venue and how they conduct business there. Getting numbers in with big names is only going to take you so far. I would never go on a regular night after that experience even though I love EDM.
4	First time here was for an art showing. Entry was through a dark tunnel, kind of fun.  Once inside there were so many artists displaying photography, jewelry, hair styling, etc... The main floor has a giant open space for dancing and such. I don't know if it was there regular pricing or just for the special event but I do think they were a little pricey. It was a little difficult to find at first but the stair to the second floor were nestled in the far back of the venue.
1	This place is a dump. I am not into the EDM scene and have never seen a show here, but have been here twice for the RAWards. First of all, they were charging $10 a head to get in, which I'm sure a portion goes to support the artists, but still. Once inside, the drink prices are way too high. If I remember correctly, a 12oz bottle of Bud Light was $6, and a teeny tiny shot of Fireball was $9. Sorry, but you don't get to charge Vegas prices at a dilapidated building in Phoenix. The lower level is OK I guess, and it worked to set up the runway and jewelry stands and stuff. The patio was nice. I could have done without the vendor making frybread, resulting in everyone smelling heavily like fried food, but the heaters they had set up did make it a little more comfortable. The restroom situation was appalling. They had a BATHROOM ATTENDANT, and half the toilet stalls were either missing a toilet SEAT, or a stall lock, or something. How can they charge so much for drinks and cover, and not be able to take care of very basic maintenance like this? And then expect me to pay someone to wash my hands?The upper level was cool, once I found it and got up there. I liked the additional bar upstairs. The floor in the hall to the stairwell was missing tiles and was very uneven which they decided to just cover with a rug. Pretty dangerous, especially when you have women wearing heels. Also, the elevator permit expired in like...1997. Whoa.
2	Terrible sound system. Interior needs sprucing up. Prices for events seem to be high especially consider poor quality of sound system. Doubt I would go back.
1	This place was awful i went there last night for and experienced the worst bottle service ever. The promoter kept promising things and wouldn't pull through until i chased him down 2 of my friends ended up paying for cover after being told they didn't have to because we were getting a bottle, and when i addressed the situation he said they couldn't refund them their money so he said he would get them a free drink which i had to later chase him down to get however on a brighter note the DJ was good and the place wasnt to packed but customer service was horrid
1	Not fun anymore. Sticky, disgusting floors. Overcrowded, musty, no space to dance or enjoy oneself. And yes OVERPRICED sugary, hardly any alcohol in it drinks. Not where I want to spend my Friday nights.
2	ULTRA EXPENSIVE! THE CHEAP STUFF STARTS AT SEVEN DOLLARS A DRINK!! Get drunk before entering and smuggle in your alcohol! I just moved here from Connecticut and go to NYC clubs regularly. I pay $7.00 a drink there and up, but never have I paid $7.00 for a shot! SEVEN DOLLARS!! HOLY CRAP! It was Paul Oakenfold spinning that night and the tour was sponsored by Jagermeister. Guess what I had for a shot? Jagermeister, so you would think there would be a special going. Nope! I guess all six of the snooty Jagermeister girls with the silicon lips need to get paid for the absolute nothing they do! Oh, the club was plain and unimaginative. The visuals were standard, but unimaginative as well. My bro is a VJ so I am familiar. The sound was solid if not a bit like that Pioneer picture with the guy in the chair with his hair being blown back. Bring ear plugs. Tons of weed being smoked inside and tons of cigarette smokers outside like being in Europe. Obviously, you smoke because you cannot afford the drinks. Only for the well paid...
5	I have been going to Monarch for a little over a year. Never ever disappoints!! Pat and Mike at the door are so nice and genuine but always remain very professional. The security absolutely rocks and I have never once felt unsafe within the doors. I mostly attend EDM shows and I continue to attend because Monarch brings through some of the biggest and best DJs and usually brings them back again!! EDM events are 18+ but the venue is split by a gate and is always handled very well even when it's jam packed. The bartenders are great and even though busy and a little pricey they make and serve really excellent drinks! Multiple times I have gone to the bartender and not known what I've wanted and they make something special that never fails to be so delicious!! The bathroom attendant in the ladies room aka "Momma" absolutely rocks!!! She has everything you can think of and I find that more men go to her than the girls do! She watches to make sure everyone's okay just as security and everyone else in the house. I have turned over many friends to Monarch Theatre for shows and we all can't wait for the next show to go back and see all of the friendly faces!!! The PK Sound system is so fantastic and I've never seen anyone looking less than extremely satisfied by the sound and visual effects. This venue does get hot at times but it probably has something to do with the 500+ people dancing non stop! VIP is nice to sit and relax away from the crowd when it gets hot but that's about it for VIP benefits. For double shows and sold out events they open the top floor which includes another bar and stage which just makes it much more fun having the space to venture around. DJs are up close and it really makes every event that much more personal. Again, Managers, Security and everyone in house are so kind and friendly, may seem on edge sometimes but I think anyone would be with the amount of people coming through these events. Will continue to attend events and shows at Monarch Theatre as a regular and encourage anyone else with good vibes to come and have an excellent time for an extremely reasonable price!!!
5	I'm a big techno fan but had not actually been to a live show since Kandiland back in 2009 at the Marquee Theater. I've now been to two shows at the Monarch and have had nothing but great experiences. I found out Infected Mushroom was playing there and had to go see them live. The tickets were incredibly reasonable at $25 a piece total, which was the same price for tickets to see The Crystal Method a couple months later. I had never been to a somewhat smaller venue quite like it before but I actually prefer it now. If you wanna see some top notch artists up close and personal in a comfortable but hard-hitting bass cave, then you've found your home.
5	A place that is truly its own. I've been to Monarch Theater numerous occasions each time a different band and crowd, but each time down to earth. Great place to hear some up and coming Djs, bands,  and catch shows that cater to a different taste.
