2	I came in this Sunday after having been here once and having a great experience. After asking Mike 3 desperate times for two different size mail bags he stomped off like a child rolling his eyes at me and my other half. It made me feel very frustrated and upset. I then went to the register to pay were the other helper apologized and informed me the Manager/Owner is not in. I let her know I will make sure to tell her of the horrible customer service I experienced. I also decided to put back $100.00 worth of items and not make another purchase due to the treatment I received. I'm not asking for a red carpet just common courtesy. I can gladly spend my hard warned money elsewhere.
1	I d like to start off by saying that this used to be a great Hallmark for mailing packages until they hired this gentleman named Mike who runs the back mailing office. I hardly ever write bad reviews on a place unless I feel there was a major problem that needed addressing, in this case I have to say that Mike is probably the rudest individual I have ever come across.I needed to mail off a package that was oddly shaped. He overcharged me by almost $80! I thought this was way overpriced so I went home and hopped onto the USPS website, plugged in all the dimensions, weight, height, length, etc right from the receipt Mike had given me... It came out to a mere $39 and change!!! That's a huge difference to! I went back immediately and I asked to speak to his supervisor and he told me she didn' t  like to be bothered, she wasn't there, she's never there! So was he basically telling me he could just do what he wanted back there? I'm sorry but this person running the mail counter does not know anything, blamed the computer, and is more than likely overcharging customers on a regular basis. I wanted to discuss it with him in a calm manner and he started getting very huffy with me and then told me to leave or he would call security. I went to a different Hallmark store about 6.5 miles away that handled USPS mail, and they charged me exactly what the website showed the first time.Very disappointed in this Hallmark and will not be returning. I will also have to tell everyone I know not to go here either. In fact my step-mother had an equally unpleasant run-in with this same clerk about a week later.If you don't like customers Mike, then I would recommend a job where you are not required to interact with them!
1	I completely agree with the other comments. I am not familiar with Mike but there is a women who I have to interact with every time I have to mail an ebay package and she is just terrible. I will update this post once I find out her name. Overall terrible customer service in the post office portion of the store.
4	Agree with others that Mike is a rude man and probably should be fired. However, my experience with every other aspect of the store and employees has been excellent. They have answered my questions politely and promptly. The post office clerk has also been very polite and friendly...I use this post office about 1 or 2 times a week. I have never had any issues with any of the packages I send. Very pleased with this location and I recommend it to all of my friends and family.
1	I purchased a collectible figurine at Karen's Hallmark, along with two Christmas ornaments.  One of the ornaments was made by Hallmark, and came with a box.  When I got home I discovered that the ornament was wrapped in tissue paper, not the usual Hallmark packaging.  I am assuming it was something that was returned without the packaging, and then placed back on the shelf for sale.  The figurine I purchased is the type that comes with a special box, which adds to its value.  After waiting around for quite a while the clerk returned and said she couldn't find the box in the back of the store, and that another employee must have given the wrong box to someone else who purchased one of the other figurines.  All in all this store seems very disorganized.  I did purchased the figurine, which is a Christmas gift, but I am very disappointed that did not receive the box that goes with it.  I have written to the company that makes the figurines in the hopes of getting the correct box.  I do not live in the area where Karen's is located, but the next time I visit my family in that area I would definitely not return to that store.  It's a shame because the Hallmark store where I live is much more organized and clean, and the employees seem to know what they are doing.   Karen's seems to be short on staff and service, and very disorganized.
3	Sadly- a little over a week before Christmas and not only do they "close" at 8pm with no extended hours but lock the door at 7:55pm when two people were ready to go into the store- one being me.Really?? The other woman and myself stood there  in disbelief and discussed this for a minute.and then parted ways. I wondered why this store doesn't appear to have happy employees. I live close by and have observed a few times less then friendly behavior. Because of its location and proximity I will frequent again because I love Hallmark- and having a post office inside is helpful as well but better be there in line before 4:55pm. I just hope the owner thinks about extended hours during the holidays and spreading some joy throughout the year with a welcoming smile.
