5	Russell and Bromley shoes are delicious, absolutely perfect in every way. The materials are always excellent quality, the shoes always have an elegant shape and their styles are always miles ahead of other high street shoe shops. My mum bought a pair of Russell & Bromley shoes in the year dot and she used to wear them all the time about 15 years ago. When she was having a clear out my beady little eyes fixed upon them and my shoe-dar went crazy. They're beautiful and thankfully she gave them to me, result. I went through a phase of wearing them on pretty much every night out and I still can't believe how good condition they are considering their age and how well worn they are. Russell Bromley shoes are quite pricey but for quality like that it is true that you get what you pay for.
4	I agree with the previous yelp up to a point - yes the shoes are amazing, and yes they are pretty, but they are expensive and often give me blisters! It's the sort of place that you buy shoes to wear to an occassion, or  pair of black boots. You know, staple items that will provide dedicated service all year round. But it's the price that puts me off.
4	My pointy Al Capone style shoes I wear to work have taken a bit of a battering on the daily commute, to the extent that there's now actually a hole in the bottom of either one, exposing my bare, naked sock to all the horrors of Edinburgh's dogshit-strewn pathways. I had 2 options, use black electrical tape to seal up the damage, or buy some new shoes. Reluctantly I chose the latter.The men's shoe selection in here isn't quite as extensive as the ladies variety, but there were still plenty to choose from. A good selection of stylish brogues indeed, but nothing quite caught my eye enough to take the plunge.
4	I'm not a shoe person at all but I think I'm in love with this store!I'll get it out of the way and say it's one of the more expensive shoe shops on Princes' Street! However, the quality written all over the shoes speaks for itself. You find men's and women's shoes, sandals, boots, pumps, brogues... If you're ever for a loss at what to at around midnight, head over to the store where the shoes at wonderfully lit in all their glory for some late night window shopping. The staff (meaning the one lady I spoke to a few weeks ago) is extremely friendly, and the store is so large and glitzy you might be tempted to buy something you may not really be able to afford!
