5	Good no-frills cleaner.  They do a good job, it's always done on time, and the price is good.  You won't get any extras like bags, night drop-off, and stuff like that, but you do get a good low price and clean clothing that is nicely pressed.  It's the only place I go to any more.Tonight they let my wife in to pick stuff up when she got there after closing.  That's an extra star in my book.
5	Easy, efficient, low-cost - what more could you ask for?Right around the corner from my house. The employees are always very nice. Never had a problem - items are always on time and back on day promised.
2	I've been here a few times for my cosplay (schoolgirl outfits) and there have been a few times where they have messed something up. One time I was missing a button, several clasps have broken, and one time I brought in an attachment piece for around the neck with a GIANT bow on it, and guess what? IT WASN'T THERE! Unfortunately my friend picked it up for me and she didn't notice, so I don't think I'll be going back anytime soon.
4	I am a customer who supports a large "collection" of dress clothes and even at the low cost here still run up to $70 with just my stuff alone on occassion. This place is professional and does the job right, the only constructive criticism I have is I wish they could figure out the lead time to be just a bit quicker, I am always on a tight schedule so it can be hard for me to wait that long, but I wouldn't go anywhere else regardless.
5	I have taken items here on two different occasions and have always received fast and friendly service at a great price. I tried to take a bridesmaid's dress here to get steamed, but was told they don't provide that service. The lady recommended two other cleaners in the area that she knew could help me without me even asking! Great customer service, great prices, and items are done on time. I will continue to use Pierpont for my dry cleaning needs.
4	It's tough to find a good dry cleaners that's cheap and does a good job.  This is one of them .  I have never had a problem or a lost item here.  There's also a special treat:  Every chick in here is hot and provocatively dressed.  You get some nice boob shots where they are filling out your orders, super short shorts, low cut blouses, etc.  It has to be intentionally done and can't possibly be a coincidence.  So to the hiring manager and to the lovely girls - this middle aged man thanks you!
5	Dry Cleaners are only awesome if...they don't lose your belt.Being a teacher, I do not need dry cleaning.  However, my wife, who is in business, does need dry cleaning.  A lot of it.  Therefore, the past dry cleaners she has been to have always lost an item, especially a belt.  So what do we do?  We move on to the next one.  We have consistently been coming to Pierpont the past 2 years.  So have they lost anything?  I will give a strong no, and will boldly say they will probably NEVER lose anything.  Are you serious, bro?  After having a discussion with Tawny, who is the owner.  She notified me that they keep an area where items get lost or dropped.  As a result, they usually never lose anything.  I am not going to say THEY guarantee this.  Although I love the service here, they are reliable, and do an excellent job of ensuring all items are back in your possession.Great service Tawny and Pierpont.  Price is even better when you have a coupon, but we will continue to support this business, because they do a great job at what they are supposed to.  We will see you again!
1	Decided to try this place for the first time a few days ago since it's close to my house and my normal place is an extra 10-15 minutes away. I'm not sure if I brought my stuff in on a bad day but I'll not be going back. I brought in 3 pairs of pants, one of which had some coffee stains on them. The next morning when I went to dress for work, I noticed that not only were the pair that had a coffee stain on them still dirty, but another pair that had no stains on them were now dirty. These were not small stains but noticeable stains that anyone could've seen. So I brought 3 pairs of pants in, one pair dirty. When I picked them up, I now had two dirty pairs. Awesome. The staff are not rude but they don't seem to be that eager to assist you. Then again, they seem to be the 16-21 year old age group, so that shouldn't surprise anyone.
