4	I have eaten at this El Pollo Loco ever since they opened back in 2008. I like this location much better than the one that is off Thomas Rd (4102 E. Thomas Rd) . The Mesa location is much bigger and newer which means it is cleaner. The staff during the day is friendly and your food order is called out within 10 minutes or less after you order. I enjoy a restaurant that serves up fresh bbq chicken that is not fried. I recommend the avocado salsa which is mild in heat but is packed full of flavor. It adds a nice touch to the charbroiled chicken!
4	My favorite fast food!  I can eat it without that gut bomb feeling you get after most drive thru's.  The staff is always friendly, the food hot and spicy!  Plus I love the avocado salsa and the new corn cake is yum!  Never thought I would look forward to eating fast food, but I do!
4	I think El Pollo Loco is crack crazy chicken during late hours. I ordered a kids combo and it was yummy. Prices are decent and for what is considered fast food, there wasn't anything fried!
5	EPL, as I call(ed) it back home, came to Atlanta as only a tease.  It opened 3 locations that offered healthier, more inspiring dishes than what say, KFC has.  Then out of the blue, all 3 locations closed.  WTF!?!  I need my crunchy chicken tacos!  This had been a crushing blow to my love of Mexican fast food.So as we were driving around Dobson Dr. near Mesa, I saw a logo that looked familiar.  It was time we met again- I saw an EPL!  Of course we went in.I didn't even look at the menu- I told the friendly cashier I wanted 8 tacos and 2 drinks- she looked at me like a glutton- but she didn't understand where I was coming from- as I tried explaining, she just laughed.The dining room- a decent size.  The salsa- more flavors than I had seen!  The drink machine- served coke!  Now, to perfect the experience, I just needed the tacos...  And then they arrived!It was like finding a long lost love and being reunited.  It was that wonderful.  I should have asked if they deliver across the US- I would even consider it!It was just so wonderful to be re-united again...
5	never been done wrong at this location.  the staff is always friendly and the food is always bomb.  Love me some El Pollo Loco!!  Keep up the good work!!
4	I love it, the two piece leg and dark is quite tasty. I will definitely go back, they have remarkably fresh salsa.
4	My first time going to pollo loco. I was impressed with this particular branch but the menu as a whole. Lots of fresh salad options and the ingredients all seem fresh. Will be coming back!
4	This is the nicest El Pollo Loco that I have eaten at in AZ.As much as I find El Pollo Loco's secret marinade so addicting, I was taking a hiatus from it because I had hit a bad run of dry chicken and super small pieces at other locations. I also thought I had to sacrifice cleanliness in order to get my chicken fix because almost every El Pollo Loco that I have been in recently has been slightly grimy with a thin layer of chicken grease on almost every surface and a messy salsa bar. Not this one! Light, bright, spacious and clean - shocking. Two piece meal with rice, salad and flour tortillas - perfection.
5	My mom used to take us to another El Pollo Loco (or else pillows local as auto correct keeps trying to rename it on my phone...) location when I was a kid. I never really liked it. My husband and I decided to give it a try last week and oh man... delicious and cheap. The perfect combination.I think I'll eat here tonight! Try it!
2	Quality of service has gone down lately. Most recent visit ordered Dr Pepper and a Lemonade by when we got to the window they were out of every syrup but cherry coke and tea. Food took a really long time and we waited at the front in a parking spot for ten minutes. The avocado salad had no avocado in it. The tacos were filled with some liquid that didn't seem to belong. The rice was chewy verging on crunchy. The redeeming item was the stuffed quesadilla, although pricey, it was full of flavor and meat. It saved the evening and we will get it each time. Have had a few bad experiences and long waits. Will try again soon to reevaluate.
1	Was so disappointed. Normally love their food, this particular place what a let down. Traveled here for business, was excited to eat some El Pollo Loco after a seven hour drive only to be disappointed by dried up chicken, tortillas were so hard my teeth could not penetrate them. I ordered the two piece chicken, breast & wing, the wing was so dried up that it was meatless. The Mac & Cheese was so old that it was discolored and looked funny. If you eat here, good luck.The staff is friendly.
2	Got there about 8.30pm yesterday, ordered 8 pieces legs & thighs with 2 sides 'togo'. After i paid with the cashier he asked me again do you want legs & thighs or mixes with breasts?? I said legs & thighs please. He turned arround talked to the cook, i cant really hear what they were talking about, BUT i have clearly heard the cook said IT'S OK. Got my order legs&thighs with they lovely salsa. I was curious  while im driving back home, what was that "IT'S OK" about??? Told my wife to look at the receipt & i was charged for breasts instead of legs&thighs. Came back talked to the cashier & the Manager returned $2 & she appologized.This is not about the returned money $2 only, c'mon! Its about service & BE HONEST TO YOUR GUEST!Got home 5 minutes after that, After smelling the deliciousssnesss of the chicken in the car and hungry stomach : got really dry dry dry,small legs&thighs at home :( The rice,beans was good & the salsa was bomb! Here is why i gave them 2 stars instead of 1.
4	My wife and I frequent this El Pollo. The quality of food is always very high. The service is quick and courteous. When we are in need of some flavorful grilled chicken and fresh made salsa they do not disappoint. If you have not tried the stuffed quesadillas, they are full of chicken, avocado and amassing sauce.
1	This place is tragic.   Ordered/paid @ 6:48. Now 7:17 still no food. Cashier said cook was busy & so was the manager.  Unacceptable!
1	I realize "this is fast food" and not fine dining.. I get it...but I feel my complaints are legit. Over the years, El Pollo Loco has earned my respect as a well run fast food place. Great food at a great value. I've even utilized their catering services throughout the years with great success. There's a huge difference between having a crappy meal and having a crappy meal at a place you know is not a bad place.Last week, my mother and I stopped at this location to bring home some dinner. First of all, the young man at the cash register was a mumble mouth. My poor hearing aid-clad mother thought she had to get new devices... I assured her it wasn't her ears... the dude talked like he had a mouth of marbles. We had to ask him to repeat himself EVERY...SINGLE...TIME...HE...TALKED... Furthermore, he clearly did not understand the menu offerings... we had to explain ourselves repeatedly and finally found something and pointed it to him so he understood what we wanted to order. FRUSTRATING.The food... the chicken we were given was way - way - WAY overcooked. We were watching the "cook" put it in the box and we were incredulous that someone would deem it edible. It was BLACK. While we were waiting for our food, two other people came up to the counter with burnt chicken. It took forever for mumble mouth and his buddy to realize that they had a pile of people building up with burned chicken. When we showed him the food, he was unconvinced that the food was even bad. I wouldn't have fed it to my dog! He tried to strike some deal - 2 new pieces for 3 burnt ones. We flat out told him "No, we think we should get all new chicken". He started throwing attitude our way. My mother, fresh off of a 3.5 hour flight almost went postal on this stupid kid. Meanwhile Senor Grillmaster was flapping his jaws behind the grill, burning more chicken. I've been to several El Pollo Locos around the valley and almost always get great food, great service and great prices. This location will not get our business again.
