5	I don't know what the last guy was talking about, Netflix only costs about 8.99 a month but whatever. This place is pretty big with New Releases all along the wall and of course movies are categorized by genre in long tall aisles. You will probably spend about 30-60 minutes here each time deciding on what to get since they have such an extensive collection. Every old movie that you grew up watching in the 80's is probably here. There is even an adult section to your right when you walk in.They have a movie special everyday where if you rent 5 movies, it is $5 for 5 days (does not include New Releases). In addition, if you rent 3 you get the 4th free. Although, I don't know why you wouldn't just get the 5 movie deal but whatever. They even offer a little snack section at the front desk that includes many nostalgic candies. Game rentals are offered here as well as Blu Ray's. The staff here is very friendly and they are always willing to look up a movie and find it for you. This place kind of reminds me of the now closed Scottsdale Video if any of you have ever been there. A video store out of the 80's but with DVD's.
5	I do have Netflix. But nothing can replace this Video shop! Only place in town with LaserDisc rentals in the 90's. Been a customer for 15 years. Hope it never goes away!
5	Been renting movies from here for quite a few years. They have a wide selection of movies to choose from, and TV seasons, and video games, and used dvd/tv seasons to buy and ahem.. an adult movie section. (Men only intending to go to the adult section usually do a little awkward dance of pretending to browse at a few DVDs before they nonchalantly turn into the 18+ area. Pretty entertaining). The decor in there is straight from the 80's and I hope they never change it. I recall when I was little they used to have a giant fish tank and give out balloons to the little kids :) If they don't have a movie you like they will immediately offer to order it for you. If you have DVDs to sell the cash back they give you is decent, although it's more worth it to exchange the dvd for store credit instead. You can get 5 movie rentals (not a new release) for $5. And they also have a rent 3 get one free special. The staff is very friendly, and knowledgeable about movies. I recommend Video Paradise to avid movie lovers, or someone just looking for something good to watch.
5	This place is amazing. Great selection and also a lot of rare finds. They are doing something right because it seems like they've been open forever. Hollywood Video is gone and Blockblusters have been shutting down left and right and these guys continue to prosper.      Its one of the few places you can still rent a video game console by the hour and they sell and rent adult films if you're in to that.     I'm really glad to have an independent video rental place really close to home :]
5	Great movie selection, old stuff you'd never find elswhere. Plus they get all the new releases in  and have a tons of copies. Prices rule and the people there are full of good tips on movies, something that's going extinct in this business. They solved my problem of having to stream the first 15 minutes of movies on netflix to see what's good or not!
4	Great selection!
5	I wanted Christmas movies.  Couldn't find Polar Express on Netflix, Redbox, Blockbuster.  However, Paradise Video had it.!!!!   Paradise Video offers 5 movies for 5 days for $5.00.......Done.  I'll be watching Polar Express with my boy tonight.I had to drive 5 miles to get here, but these movies are classic for 3 year old during Christmas.......worth the drive.
5	I have lived in this area for about 3 years and pass Video Paradise daily and it wasn't until yesterday that I stopped by and checked it out.  I at 1st was unsure of what type of place they are, but boy am I am happy to have stopped by. They are an independent family own movie rental shop that has been in business for 20 years, wow!! Their stock of movies very impressive, you can literally spend anywhere from 30mins to a hour just browsing the movies, yes they have all the new releases too.  Customer service was great! Signed up for my membership and everything! You can even get 5 movies for 5 bucks for 5 days! How cool is that!  It's just awesome to find another local shop to shop at!
5	I was looking all around for dvd repair service for my xbox games, but couldn't find any shops for that around.  These guys will repair your disc like new for $3.  Thanks
5	Best video store hands down. Full catalog of movies of ALL genres. If they don't have it on the shevles they will order it.
5	Old school store with an amazing selection of movies. Staff obviously loves movies and are very knowledgable.  5 movies 5 days $5  for older movies can't be beat.
5	This place is awesome! My husband and I passed by it a lot. We happened to be in that area and we decided to check it out. Boy oh boy they had a huge selection of movies! We usually spend at least an hour in there picking out movies. Someone mentioned that you can spend that long in there and that is no joke! I like that they are a family owned business, plus 5 movies for 5 bucks for 5 days. If you drive by it go in and check it out, it is worth the money and time!
5	If you are in the valley, or even on the east side of town and have not checked out Video Paradise, what the heck are you waiting for? This place is amazing! I could spend hours in the store! Plus they are locally owned and have been here for decades.They have so many movies, new and old, and even offer 5 movies (not including new releases) for 5 days for 5 bucks, that my friends is cheaper than Red Box and you can keep them longer too! Also you can rent 3 new releases and get a 4th one free, but they also have a special running 4 new releases &  2 movie snacks for 14.99, so whatever you're in the mood for, this is the store to go to! Plus they have movies for sale, and they even buy or trade movies too.My son and I have gotten into watching French foreign films, and have been wanting to see two films but were unsure if they were released in America yet asked the clerk at Video Paradise, found out they don't come out till the end of March and that they would even get them so I can rent them, how freaking cool is that?? Plus they have some hard to find documentaries I have been wanting to watch. Every time I go there I find something cool! If you haven't been to Video Paradise, you really should check them out!
5	We are still heading down here to Chandler from Phoenix even though we have moved far away. It's nostalgic because you can't find anything like this anymore anywhere. The only thing that comes close is Superstar Video in Phoenix but it's not as good as Paradise.*10,000 movies-All new releases, old movies, 80's horror and recent movies, cult classics, Criterion Collection.*Video game rentals and a sweet adult section.*Cotton candy and junk food! Food of the gods.*Old arcade games. *5 movies for $5, 5 nights. *They even have the controversial movies; Salo, Cannibal Holocaust selection, Irreversible, Nekromantik, Martyrs, Audition, etc.*They order movies for you provided it's not some lame movie or TV show season they feel no one will rent but you. I love the Criterion Collection which they have a lot of (Kwaidan, Akira Kurosawa films etc) they ordered Hausu for me!*You will get to know everyone who works here and they are super nice. Please help keep local businesses like this open!
3	I've been hitting up Video Paradise a lot again since I now have a car and getting to there from where I live in Tempe is no longer a sisyphean ordeal with all the public transportation and such.  I still think this is a wonderful place--I dunno, I find local video stores with a porn section to be nostalgic and charming for some reason--but I've been let down quite a few times recently.I rented "Night of the Iguana" and about thirty minutes in, it began skipping uncontrollably.  I tried it on another DVD player and in my computer and on those devices, the menu wouldn't even load up."Undertow," was the exact same thing.  I got to a certain point, it began to skip and then it jumped ahead about two chapters and the BAD THING that happens is involved in that scratch.  On my other player and on my computer, the menu won't even load."The Elephant Man" had a scratch and about a minute of dialogue between Anthony Hopkins and a nurse is gone because of it.In all of those cases, the disc looks totally fine, it just won't work.When I returned Undertow and said it was acting up, they just said okay, so I didn't bother mentioning the other two movies because it didn't seem too high priority.Some of the movies on their shelves are just gone and aren't around no matter how often I check back.  A movie where Powers Boothe plays Jim Jones is just MIA.I went to rent an old HBO show called The Hitchhiker but in its place was another horror movie called The Hitcher, which is a cool flick, but not what I wanted to see.  I didn't realize the mistake until I got home because of such similar titles, but I definitely got The Hitcher from The Hitchhiker's box and the wrong disc was in there.The employees are all really nice and everything, but, man, it's just been frustrating.
5	Last video store in town. At least it's the only 1 I know of.... Been coming here for years. Great selection of old & new movies. There is an adult section is there-completely segregated from the normal section. I'm glad cause I don't wanna explain that stuff to my kid quite yet. All around great store! Everyone that works there is super helpful & knowledgeable.
5	Great video store with a huge selection and a helpful and friendly staff.
5	This video store ROCKS! First of all, the fact that there is a video store in my area is a miracle nowadays. Second of all, they have all the classics plus new releases. Thirdly, the pricing and all the deals are the greatest incentive to keep coming back!
5	If you haven't checked out Video Paradise and you live on this side of the tracks (or nearby) . . . Man oh MAN are you missing out! Video Paradise is locally owned and operated, and according to my friends that grew up in the Valley. . . it's been around forever. As in, they would visit this place as kids back in the VHS days. It brings back memories of Blockbuster back in the day, without the corporate plasticky feel. Not too many places like this exist anymore. Give yourself plenty of time as it's easy to spend an hour browsing. Great date night idea to keep in your back pocket. They have everything from new releases, foreign films, all the oldies-but-goodies, and TV on DVD. Pretty sure there's Bluray here and there's game rentals. There's also an adult section cordoned off to your right as you enter if that's your cup of tea. The best part? Five rentals for five days for five dollars. It doesn't include the new releases, but you really can't go wrong with this!
5	A new year, it's still here, and my reviews still stands. IF you are in your twenties, then you may remember video stores, but not the glossy ho-hum Blockbuster variety, this place has soul. From the private porn section, old arcade video games, nostalgic video collection, and staff movie picks playing on tv's throughout the store, to the witty/sarcastic/hilarious video clerks who will chat you up about movies, Video Paradise has it all. I hope places like this never go away like Scottsdale Video did. Might I also mention I have the teeniest bit of a crush on all of the employees?
1	I noticed this place pulling in to the shopping center where Barrelhouse was......a video shop? what in the heck....so weird.  Anyway, I walk out and I realize I have been looking for Devil's Reject's and House of 1000 Corpses for god knows how long.  Screw it, why not check this place out!?If you thought to yourself...man, video stores have been out since the early 90's.  Not this one!  This one has been out since the 80's.  The carpet had like, palm trees.  And even better there's an adult section in the back that has mint colored palm tree cut outs that go across the top of the doorway....must be the entry way to heaven. o.OUnfortunately, they didn't have either movie I wanted.  Otherwise I would've gotten past the ugliness and the stale smell of my indoor childhood skating rink.  I have no reason to come back to this place because I live in THIS century and I will just buy them online. So much for nostalgia.
5	This place is the best
5	Our new found love...The 5 for 5 deal is absolutely amazing if you have a basic DVD player or are looking to watch a movie that's obviously older; since blu rays are excluded from the 5 for deal. What my boyfriend and I love about this place it's obviously locally owned which we are all about. The guys that I've talked to that work here are always so nice which I've said in previous reviews is extremely refreshing and what I look for in a business establishment. I like to be treated fairly is that too much to ask for nowadays???Their extended movie rental pricing is awesome as well and don't charge you an arm, leg, or first unborn child for not getting it to them right on the dot which is also another reason my boyfriend and I go back.  Only con to this place is that if you are looking for something in specific that's older, more than likely it will not be available to rent. Like when I went tonight two of the three movies I wanted to rent were not available. Just my luck. Oh well. Will have to keep going back to check and see if they will be returned every day.
5	the last one standing hope it never goes
5	I feel like I've been transported back to the 90's every time I visit this place, and I love it. I'm pretty sure it's the last video store standing, and I hope it never goes away! They always have everything I'm looking for, new or old, and their "5 movies, 5 days, $5" deal on 1 year+ old movies is a great deal! Everyone who works here is friendly and helpful too. I'm a huge fan of Video Paradise!
