5	I signed up for the 2-week unlimited trial and have been going to different classes just trying to figure out what teacher and class best fits my needs. So far I love them all and every single one of the teachers is amazing! The studio of cozy and the staff is very friendly and definitly not salesy like some other studios in the valley.
4	Just as lovely as their 59th and union location.  My month membership allows me to use both studios, which gives me a greater variety of classes and times to select from, which is nice.  Clean fresh space, helpful knowledgeable instructors, lots and lots of different classes.
4	I admire a studio that knows its own personality well enough. A studio that employs individuals who promote the same principles. A studio that isn't afraid to try something new with something timeless. Contemporary music in a well-received Yin class is a perfect example of that! I usually don't like a lot of music with yoga, just a personal preference. I especially steer away from music with vocals when teaching my own classes. But, here's the thing about Yin - the poses are held longer and the vocals were not a distraction from getting deeper into the poses. Sounds of Jason Mraz, Enya, and even Cold Play were appreciated by this yogi for sure! I'm happy to add this eclectic style class to my student calendar and possibly teach the same someday soon!**Visit 081112
1	Do NOT put your hard earned money into this place. The instructors are good but my favorite ones left after having their paychecks bounce. Some of them have never been paid. This means you may pay for classes and show up one day to find the doors locked. After researching this business I found several judgements against them for not paying their bills.
2	closed
1	Went to studio to take my first class after paying a week ago and the Landlord had a post that they haven't paid rent and locked them out. They are out of business and I am out of money. Yet Yelp has a great offer for you to pay $75 for $100 of worthless classes. Should keep up to date.
1	Blissful Yoga Studio went out of business within several days of me purchasing a five class a package for my mother. Upon contacting the studio-- which never returns phone calls or emails-- on a repetitive amount of occasions, the studio finally agreed to issue a full refund within 48 hours. This assurance and guarantee of reimbursement has yet to be fulfilled after almost 2 weeks.I have never encountered a business that values its customers in such a manner (not a compliment in the slightest). I will continue to pursue Blissful Yoga Studio until I have received my full refund for the unused five class package I purchased in January. A completely counter-reproductive, irritating, and surreal experience.
1	They went out of business.  They do not respond to calls or emails.  They are not issuing refunds.
