4	Lothian buses is great for getting round the city.Usually whereever you go,you can always see lothian buses.They come at good times and start early in the morning until late at night.The bus drivers are friendly and the buses are modern and comfy.
5	I feel rather pleased that the citizens of Edinburgh have such a fine public transport system provided by the good folks at Lothian Buses. Admittedly I don't catch the bus very often, but when I do I really can't fault them. The prices are cheap; you only pay one price to travel any distance and the day saver is great if you plan on catching more than two in a day. The drivers are mostly friendly and pleasant, I have that old lady habit of saying 'thank you driver' when I alight and they always give me a smile back. I never have to wait very long for one to come along either, so I reckon they must mostly run on time. Plus, the airport link and occasionally some random ones have wifi. Brilliant.
4	As an outsider, I hate to get involved in an issue as sensitive to residents of any city anywhere as public transport.The Lothian Buses did everything I needed to them to do.  Reliable, inexpensive (if you have the day pass) and drivers alerted me when we neared the stop I wanted.  The view from the upper deck was a lagniappe.
1	After using this shower even walking through the worst of Scottish winters seems more apealling.I've witnessed a driver at the Gyle refuse to let a gay couple on the bus simply because they were holding hands, complaints were made but that driver is still to be seen on the buses large as life and twice as nasty.The seating is often awful, so crampt that I have to sit angled with my knees poking into the walkway. How hard is it to apply some fabric freshener to the upholstry? I smelt nicer odours when our spetic tank backed up!I do wish the drivers would tak the care they are meant to and not speed off when a number of people are still climbing the stairs. On one occassion this happened and several of us got knocked flying and I received most colourful bruising as a result.Even as you try to escape one of their vehicles you are not safe. On one occassion the doors were closed without checking resulting in my arm getting trapped and the contents of my bags being smashed. This was caught on their cameras but I did not even get an apology.
2	always add extra time for the bus to arrive. do not trust the time indicators! 10min is about 20 min or so..
4	Pretty good service. The buses generally run on time and drivers are usually very nice. They do a tough job and for the most part they do it without a lot of fuss. They will not give you directions but they can tell you which stop is closest for a well-known place and I have even seen them give me a shout when it was the stop they knew I wanted. I've lived in a lot of cities and none of them had this good a service. The bus app for iPhone is useful. As a general rule, if you are going to use the bus more than twice in a day, get the day ticket.
1	A good enough service if you are here on holiday but if you use it on a regular basis you will soon experience the real Lothian Busses Service. Everything I describe below is sadly from experience. More often than not you will be greeted with a grunt from a rude and even sometimes nasty driver. They will purposefully drive away even when they see you approaching or will make you wait outside in the rain while they faff about for no reason. As well as rude drivers you get the dangerous ones that drive too fast and erratically throwing you about as you go. I have been injured by such a dangerous driver in the past regardless of being seated at the time. Their customer service is the worst I have ever encountered. They are incompetent and unable to even answer a simple question let alone deal with a complaint. If you ever contact them be prepared to wait weeks for an incorrect reply to the unread query you have sent them. They are a terrible company to deal with and have the monopoly on most of Edinburgh so you have to use them if you want to get anywhere without a car. They are aware of this and it comes out in their uncaring service. Avoid as much as possible :(
