5	At the oddly shaped corner where Charleston and Fremont Street become Boulder Highway, in one of the older and more dangerous parts of east Vegas, you can find a great taco 24 hours a day at Pepe's!  For 7 or 8 dollars you'll get a huge pile of authentic Mexican food.  I'm partial to the Super Burrito with Carne Asada, or the Huevos Rancheros - yes they serve breakfast all day!  Que gusta!  Very authentic joint.  Makes a great contrast to the Strip casinos if you want to cruise down Charleston for a break from the contrived slot palaces of MGM and Harrahs.  You might even see a real live mugging - just be careful it isn't you!
2	I love Mexican food therefore I am very critical of it. I really wasn't too impressed with this place. First off, before entering the restaurant there was a nasty stench in the air that smelled like pee. It was gross. There was also a homeless guy outside the restaurant begging for change. I ordered the carne asada burrito and Al pastor taco as well as a horchatta drink. The burrito was a super burrito so it included rice, meat, sour cream, and so on. The burrito was okay. I've definitely had better. I actually liked the taco better than the burrito. The horchatta drink that I ordered didn't taste all that great either. It lacked flavor for some reason. Overall, I would not recommend this place.
4	The carne asada gordita we had was quite good. the marinade was tasty and the meat wasn't overcooked. The al pastor taco was good but the carnitas taco was better.There's a good sized dining room that's kept pretty clean. The neighborhood looks like it has the potential to be a little sketchy but while you sit and eat your food and you can daydream about the dance hall across the street and what Vegas must've been like 25 years ago.
4	The al pastor tacos here are very tasty! The place looks scary but what hole in the wall looks nice? This place use to be an IHOP back in the day. I gave it 4 stars just for the al pastor tacos. If you try anything else on the menu, you are on your own.
4	One day the hubby and I were looking for a good mexican joint...we were tired of the food from the strip..so we were being brave and driving around a city we dont even know. This place caught our eye since its shaped differently and the color was oh so bright. We ordered tacos de cabeza....which are delicious...I really didnt care for the tacos de carne asada...ive had better...but the cabeza was finger licking good. the awesome part is that you get free refills on horchata which you dont find that here in our town....This place has became a must everytime we are in vegas...
5	This place is awesome, every time I eat there I poop gold and pee diamonds!
3	Holy greasy birria, burritoman! Another Pepe's! I mucho love cheap greasy Mexicanos food, so it's a given that I like Pepe's. I prefer the other location, further up Boulder Highway as I've always had consistently low-grade greasy food there. However, at THIS location, the food was SO greasy that it soaked through the paper AND the aluminum wrapped around the burrito. The tortilla barely held itself together and was practically translucent by the end of things. Delicious and totally satisfying? YES. Artery clogging and unfit for consumption in 'civilized' settings? YES.This was the kind of burrito for when you are drunkski beyond all comprehension and need the perfect ratio of fat-protein-carbs to soak it all up & stagger through the night. Will I go again? If I'm in the neighborhood and need some cheap, filling, greasy grub. But chances are, I'll probably go to the one down the street instead since it's not only closer to home but has proven itself less lipid-drenched.
4	Pepe's Tacos is called Pepe's Taco's for a reason I think. I always order the tacos and have never been led astray.After making it through the taco list in a few visits the al pastor, carnitas, and lengua are my favorites. The tacos are something like $1.50 each, not bad at all. The carne asada is pretty average, there's some spice but the meat is not my favorite texture, and the chicken is more flavorful anyway. I ordered a burrito once but can't remember if I liked it or not. Could have been a crazy night or just a boring burrito, still can't figure that out. My boyfriend is a big fan of the pineapple flavored drink they dispense next to the horchata, so anyone looking for some good jugos/aguas this might be a good spot to check out.Hit up Pepe's after a night of drinking downtown if you're in for some further thrill...especially you folks that enjoy a quick sprint from car to taco shop just because a homeless guy offered to wash your windows. I personally look forward to this spot because of the people watching around 3-4 am. So far, 4 stars just for the simple fact that they make delicious tacos. Definitely a step above just OK.
4	After an aborted early morning trip to another eatery, I decided to drive down Fremont to Pepe's.OK.  East Fremont isn't the best neighborhood around.  But Pepe's was nice and clean.  I arrived at 7:30 or so on a Sunday morning.  I was the lone sober, non-Spanish speaking patron in the establishment, I think.I stood in the short line and perused the menu on the wall.  The owners were helpful enough to place English words behind each item on the menu... i.e. lengua = tongue, cabeza = head.  The drunk, 5'8" dude with the Elvis do directly in front of me went with tres tacos lengua.  Nice.  I think I'll pass on the lengua today.I ordered a couple of tacos al pastor and a cabeza taco.  The lady behind the counter pretended she didn't speak English, which is fine.  I don't think she liked the cut of my jib.  I threw a couple bucks in the tip jar and headed to a corner table.I heard the lady yell SETENTEQUATRO SETENTEQUATRO SETENTEQUATRO!  Hey, that's me!I grabbed the tacos and proceeded to devour them.  Solid food...and only $1.49 a throw for the tacos.Wish they had 24 hour taco joints in the crud where I currently reside.Don't know if I'll make it back, not the best area and I'm the whitest guy ever and from Minnesota, so I didn't feel very comfortable.But the tacos were very good and very cheap!
3	Chillin' with a bunch of friends and we were all hungry as heck.  Undecided the group was so we just threw out Pepe's Tacos in our option of the night.  But the girls were complaining that it was ghetto and I'm like ya'll ghetto as hell too and they agreed, so we went.Not the best mexican restaurant I've been to.  Everything was pretty average and though the carne asada fries weren't part of the menu, they still made it for me.  I prefer Roberto's Tacos carne asada fries over Pepe's and the burritos as well.  Nothing really special about this place.Outside smells like effing sewage and Pepe's actually have their own song bumpin outside.  It goes something like this, "aaay aay aaaaay Pepe's taco aaay aaay aaay", with their traditional trumpet blastin' in the background.  .....Sh*t the burrito is starting to kick in and I'm at the Grind Coffee writing this. I hate taking a sh*t in public restrooms.
1	Any establishment that has been closed not once, not twice but three times by the health department for demerits...uh I think not!  I used to eat here alot being as we would be across the street at the silver saddle and then shimmy over for some tacos, but they have been in the RJ so many times now they have a reserved column, think twice before going there!
4	These tacos are more satisfying than a stretch after a long car ride, or food after sex (really, its a good move).  Pepe's is clean and the food comes fast.  I only order tacos here, mostly because I know they're consistently good.  Plan on ordering 2-4 tacos depending on your appetite.  This visit I had a Carnitas (pork) and a Pollo taco.  They were both flavorful without being overly greasy.  I especially liked the crunch in the carnitas.  Hit up the condiment bar and add some pickled onions and salsa to give your tacos a lil' swagger.  Get a few napkins and a beer, and enjoy the $#@$ out of these tasty tacos.
5	Favorite place to stop on my way home from downtown. Just like the tacos u get on the streets in mexico city. But better quality beef.
4	My dad makes the BEST taco's In the WORLD, then Taqueria De Anda In Fullerton CA, then Pepe's In 3rd place. you want to order fresh "agua de Pina or Jaimaca" (Pineapple juice or hibiscus tea) to down the "Taco's de pastor" (marinated pork Tacos). Try the Carne Asada Fries...It's The Real Thing!!!
4	These tacos are very satisfying after a night of drinking, not gonna lie. If you're downtown having a good time and you want something to fill that void then Pepe's Tacos just might do it for you.On recommendation from my friend who brought me here I ordered the carne asada tacos (2) and got an order of fries (ay! very gringo of me! so said my friend). Oh well, I can't help it if I'm white and I like fries!Glad my friend suggested the carne asada tacos, they were bursting with meat and were very flavorful. Got a few different salsas and slathered these little suckers with salsa and lime. Oh man, they were tasty. You're gonna want to get more than one that's for sure. The fries were pretty dang good too. They put some kind of spice on them that gives them a real good kick. You're gonna like it if you like different tastes. I definitely suggest getting an order of fries with whatever you get here.Ya, the location is a tad ghetto (doesn't bother me), but the place was clean and there was a lot of families in here when we showed up (kinda late actually). It's a good little place to get some bomb tacos in my opinion.
4	Best carne asada burrito in Vegas.It's incredibly authentic. A fresh tortilla, seasoned beef, beans and rice as well as hot sauce if you want that extra kick. They a salsa bar with all sorts of typical additives. What stands out is the onion/cilantro mix. So simple, yet it really makes a difference.I have tried the chicken nachos, and they were pretty nasty. You're better off going to Roberto's for those.They offer a variety of burritos, tacos and combination plates. You can also order a burger and fries, which I though was unusual, but hey.A few different locations is town and open 24 hours.
3	Lowering the rating for this place because they only have one item on the menu that tastes great.I tried the carne asada fries. I thought it would amazing based on my love for the burrito. Boy was I wrong! Thick, greasy fries with no seasoning whatsoever, over-processed nacho cheese, mediocre guacamole and carne asada.I would go back for the burrito, but it sucks that I only have one option there.
4	I love Mexican food, and Pepe's has some great AUTHENTIC Mexican.  It's not the best in terms of ambience or parking or location but I come here for the food.  I usually get the carne asada torta and it's usually enough to hold me over until the next meal.  I like to mix the Pina and Jaimaca for my own little concoction, which I would recommend.  And they have taco specials on Tuesdays and Thursdays.  So if you get the chance to try this place out, taste the food first and you'll probably be coming back.
3	The location of this restaurant is somewhat questionable, but if you can get past that and managed to find a parking spot in this 15 cars parking lot and you have been somewhat intoxicated, then maybe you'll find Pepes Tacos to be A-OK. Nothing really jumps out at you at Pepe's, which may actually be a good thing.  Don't expect the food to be spectacular, but neither is the food below average.  The lengua tacos are not overcooked but a bit bland. I would actually recommend the al pastor.  But my favorite about Pepes is that your order comes with chips and beans.  The beans are half smashed and half whole, and they taste delicious.  Pepes' chips are also surprisingly fresh.  I would come back for the chips and beans, but who comes back for that? ...
5	I work downtown, so when I get the craving for some yummy mexican food I absolutely have to go!  The carne asada burrito is amazing and I absolutely love their tacos. The place is clean and the hot sauce station is nice, better than Robertos by far.  They take cards which is definitely a plus.  When you want some yummy, inexpensive tacos or burritos this is the place to go.
2	Pepe's is not all that and a bag of chips. This is another place that's not far from where I work and it had some recommendations from people that I needed to try it. I'm just not impressed. Parking, especially at lunch sucks. If you end up parking behind the place over to the West it stinks, a combo smell of grease and sewer that will blast you the second you open your car door. Once you step inside to what looks like an ancient IHOP from the outside you'll find a busy kitchen, ample seating, serve yourself drink fountains, and 2 places to stand for the staff to take your order. And that's where things go South. I've had my order messed up 2 out of 3 times here due to it being lost in translation. The lunch special with 3 chicken tacos somehow ended up as beef tacos, not the lunch special, and at a higher cost. As you wait for your order you can check out the duo-salsa bar. 2 types of salsa and the typical pickled Jalapenos and stuff is all you get, and the tomatillo light salsa is the only one I like. It's great for pouring all over the greasy tacos that you'll get. Crunchy yes, but dang, sometimes they just don't taste good at all. I've been here a couple of times for lunch now but don't plan to keep them in my lunch rotation. Lindo Michaocan is not far away drive time wise, and they kick Pepe's to the curb in so many ways. If you happen to be driving down Fremont and are just dying for Mexican food this place won't kill you, but it ain't all that either. 2 Stars. Sorry, that's the best I can give it.
4	I've eaten at Pepes several times. Decent portions, good prices and usually pretty tasty. Id' go for a Burrito or a plate over the tacos though. Better value.  Also this is  authentic Mexican. Thumbs up for me.
4	Ok so the location maybe a little shady and you may think this place has an infestation of roaches.. THINK AGAIN!  You know what they say never judge a book by it's cover... This place has amazing tacos and chicken quesedillas! I ordered the chicken quesidillas and it was amazing! really delicioous.. I also had a taste of the mira beef tacos and really good.. For drinks i had the Horchata of course.. Who wouldnt order that when in a mexican restaurant?! This place is quick and down to eart whole in the wall.. I give this a thumbs up! Si Senor for PePe's tacos!
5	I love this place.  They make great food here especially my favorite the Carne Asada Fries.  If you haven't had one what are you waiting for get your ass down here and enjoy some fine Mexican Food.
2	This place is progressively getting worse. I have noticed that they are expanding, which might be the reason why their quality in declining. My beloved burrito is no longer good. I've tried it a few times before deciding the lower the review. The steak is really tough. I have wondered whether or not the meat is actually beef. The cleanliness of this particular located has also declined. Roberto's is now by go-to Mexican spot.
5	Delicious everytime.
4	Pepe's is on a small list of taco chains in Vegas that I enjoy visiting.Most of my encounters with Pepe's follow alcohol consumption (something beautiful about that sequence btw,) but I think I would  still enjoy Pepe's on its own.I am a fan of the carnitas, lengua, and birria.The food is good, but the value is great!
5	Carne Asada fries!! That's it. Get those and you will love yourself. They are enough to share with someone.The tacos are good too, but I'm just saying. I liked the tacos al pastor and the asada ones. The chicken tacos were my least favorites. But they were still good. I came here with a party of 8 HUNGRY people--and they did a great job getting our stuff together. There was a little confusion, as we were missing some tacos, but the employees there were really friendly and were helpful.
5	The best carne asada fries in town!! Every time I come here, I always order it. Never get disappointed coming here. My wife will usually get the carne asada  super burrito that is also bomb!! The price is worth it big time. My only complaint is the fact that  every time we go we get bombarded with hobos asking for something or wanting to clean my windows. Maybe be in a bad part of town but I can't penalize them for that. 5 stars quality all around!
4	Although it is not the closest Pepe's to house and it's on an awkward, busy corner, this is my FAVORITE Pepe's in Las Vegas. It's my favorite place for Mexican food, period. If i'm with my husband, we order the Carne Asada fries. It's too much for one person! Be sure to do it my way and add onions/cilantro, red sauce, and green sauce from the condiment bar.  If I'm there at lunch, I order the taco special with cabeza. So tender! And then I treat myself to some cool, sweet horchata.
3	Good n' cheap
4	Great food I have the carne fries and the nachos cheese is a winner.service with a smile is always a plus but not here.all in all the best fries around town.
5	Went for the Carne Asada Fries, will go back for the Fish Tacos!  Seriously, I just ate the best fish taco I have ever had and I've eaten them in 3 states and both sides of the border!  Freshly battered and fried fish, fresh cabbage, pico and three thick slices of avocado, drizzled with creamy and mildly spicy sauce all wrapped in two soft corn tortillas.  Yeah, it was that good.  We've had the Carne Asada Fries before and they are the best but the fish taco was the surprise.
4	Went last night the tacos de lengua hit the spot.  The price is always good when I go there.
5	Love the place we always come when we visit vegas..this is our favor mexican restaueant...service  it's great..
