5	Very helpful when I had a flat tire. Got me in and out with no problems and quickly! They even re-inflated my spare tire and stored it and my jack parts for me. They went above and beyond IMO. Eric was very helpful in getting things taken care of for me.
5	This is one of the nicest tire stores I've seen. The employees are very friendly and professional. They perform free air checks for your tires- just pull up and they will happily assist you. No matter what you need, they always make you feel like you're in good hands.
1	I received. Excellent service until I was about to leave.  Upon leaving I checked my new (4 tires) I found that one of my lock nuts was missing.  I was never made aware that I was missing it. I had to find it myself that's when I was puzzled that while I was waiting(30 minutes in the waiting room) and upon my arrival I was never made aware of it by the sales, installation, or the manager.  My vehicle only has 4 lug nuts and missing one of them it would not be safe. So that's why I'm giving them only 1 star rating, because SAFETY is very important to me and it should be one of the most important factors for Discount Tire to pass onto their customers.
5	Amazing service! I was impressed by how extremely friendly and helpful, despite them being super duper busy. This is the place to go for tire needs...had two new tires for me in under an hour. I'll be back!
5	Awesome customer service and willingness to work with you. I was about to leave out of town and my front right tire was worn down pretty bad and got a nail in it. They price matched my tire and ended up saving me more than 60% of what I almost paid at Fletcher's. Not only did the give me a great deal but they replaced the tire in 30 minutes. Hands down the best experience I've had with a tire company.
5	Yesterday, I found a large nail or screw in my tire.  I went to Discount even though I had not purchased my tires there.  I was the first customer that morning and when they opened the doors, I was greeted by Andrew.He told me he fix my tire for free and next time I needed tires, he would match any bodies price.I will go back.  I have bought tires from Discount before and got good service.  This store is incredibly clean and all of the workers  are friendly and helpful.
5	Gotta love discount! Brought my Honda Accord in here this past week with a flat tire, and they were able to get me a new tire pretty quickly, as well as set me up with a new spare!Discount Tire must literally be the only company in existence where claiming The word 'discount' doesn't make them shiesters.
5	I recently ran over a nail and had that stuck in my tire.  I brought it in to Discount Tire because they will fix it for free if its safe.  Well it wasnt safe, they told me that my 2 front tires were completely shot and that it was not safe to drive off the lot.  The tires were almost $200 each and I told the nice guy helping me (Steve) that I couldnt even really afford 1 tire right now.  He left the counter for a few minutes and came back and told me that he would be willing to give me both tires for the price of 1 and let me do an IOU for the other tire to come pay for that when I replace my other tires.  He said he saw me there with my kids and he really wanted to help me get my car into a safer position.  I was so touched that I got choked up and had tears running down my  face.  It was such a nice thing for him to do for me.  Thank you Steve and Discount Tire, you really made my day and helped me out so much!!
1	Worst Discount Tire Experience!!!My wife and I went to this location as our local Discount Tire shop did not have the tires in stock. We were assisted (if you want to call it that) by Kenny who had the most dry sense of humor ever. I explained to him my situation and why I was there and he appeared to be annoyed as he couldn't find my info and if I was sure that I bought them at Discount. I clearly had my paperwork and finally when he was able to retrieve my info, we got to why I was at this location. I then proceeded to ask if there were any tire deals that he was aware of and he said in a condescending way that he wasn't aware of any and I mentioned to him that my local store said there were some available. Once he looked up and found the rebate, we got down to the numbers. I asked him if they still had the 0 interest deals and again at this point he was more annoyed and looked up my info and made a call and did nothing to help. I finally had enough and advised that his attitude was inappropriate and that customers should not be treated that way. I also advised that I am in sales and that I was surprise he was in a position where he had to interact with customers and he then made a comment that if it was about money that he couldn't do anything about it. I felt humiliated and shocked that someone would say that. I asked to get his manager and he said he was one of them which shocked me even more.  All in all, this was not the way I planned on spending my birthday present from my wife and hope that others that read this review will reconsider going to this location. If Kenny is a manager then I must be a doctor with zero experience!!!!!!
5	Best tire buying experience I have had with this car.  My car has different size tires on the front and rear.  This is the third set of tires I have put on this car and the first time I wasn't questioned about the staggered fit.  Seth was great!  Tires were ordered late on a Friday.  Got a call early Saturday that they were in.  They had them installed in under an hour!  Great experience.
5	Honored my tire purchase service that I made in Orange County (CA).  Got my car in, tires rotated, and out within 30 minutes on a Saturday morning at 8a.  Very fast, professional, and courteous.  Good to see that the Discount Tire in Mesa is just as good as the one in Fountain Valley!
5	I have to say that I'm very impressed with this discount tire location. they've always come through for me getting tires and an expedited manner and their service is very good. Friendly, reliable and tires at a good price. I don't know what else you would want.One nice thing was the fact that, for my most recent visit, they gave me a free tire if I signed up for full warranty for all my car tires. As it worked out this was cheaper than getting a new tire, and gets me a lifetime warranty on all my tires. I don't know about you, but that's a good deal-- Certainly worth my loyalty.
