1	I lived in a condo that was eventually managed by World Class Properties (First by Arrowhead).  I had lived there for 4 years. I ensured that I was present for my exit walk-through. I wanted to see anything that they were going to notate as deficient so that I didn't get charged some exotic fee for something stupid. Rocky came out to do the inspection (he actually used to work for Arrowhead) and he did a quick walk-through and said it all looked good. A few weeks later I get a letter from the property owner saying that I am only getting $390/$1095 of my deposit back. I got charged for everything at their inflated prices. As part of the original contract with Arrowhead I paid for exit carpet cleaning, but guess what, I got charged again for it on the exit at a tune of $120. I'm sorry, but why did I pay for it up front, and then at the end? Not only that, but every day I hear carpet cleaning specials to do your entire house for $80 (i.e. Zerorez). Of course, painting cost hundreds ( I scrubbed all the walls down, all of them), and they even charged me for oil on the garage floor. Damn, WTF? What do you want me to do, park in the street? I cleaned all the appliances with a fine tooth comb, and they said they had to clean that stuff too. In all, I spend 3 weeks cleaning that place only to have them come back and say it needed to all be done again. If I had known that they intended to charge me for everything then I would have just moved my furniture out, vacuumed, and then mailed them the damn keys - especially since everything was supposedly kosher at the exit walk-through. Don't say everything is OK if you intend on raping me a week later.I understand that they want their property back in the same condition they gave it in... but there is this thing called normal-wear-and-tear. Problem is, most of these shitty ass companies know that most people won't fight them in Small Claims court so they do it and get away with it.
5	I currently use WCP to help me rent my homes in Tempe and Phoenix. They are all about costumer service and understand what needs to be done to get these houses rented fast. I would highly recommend using them!
5	After several years of renting, my wife and I decided to purchase a home.  A friend recommended World Class Properties, so we took the plunge and contacted Chris Lopez.  Chris connected me with a lender and we started looking for our dream home within a week!  As a first time buyer I felt like a little overwhelmed during the process, especially because I purchased a short sale. Chris was fantastic throughout the entire short sale process and was always willing answer any questions or concerns   To top it off, WCP gifted me a home warranty when I closed on my home.My experience with Chris and World Class Properties was very positive.  Thanks for making first time home buying as smooth as possible.
