5	I have been putting off starting a hot yoga routine because I have heard a lot of negative experiences (stinky rooms, people packed in mat to mat, instructors who didn't care and were just there to teach a class and get paid, and just the overall uncomfortableness of trying something new).I've only taken a handful of classes from 103 and I have been so happy that I decided to give them a try.  I am hooked!  I love it!  They have been so helpful and accommodating and have gone out of their way to make me feel comfortable.  The studio is beautiful!  They have candles so it smells fantastic and the instructors have taken the time to adjust me and help me since I'm a newbie.  It's a little bit of a drive for me but it's totally worth it!
5	Joined bc my friend Tisha is an instructor here. Completed my first 30 day challenge with nooo problem, still very excited. Their instructors are the best I've EVER been with, all insanely knowledgable and surprise you with sweet treats like periodic adjustments, or variations, or a quick tea tree or lavender oil rub near the end of class. The studio is new so not crowded or smelly. Just signed up for my first annual membership and can't wait to see how much I've progressed then!
5	I've never met such nice instructors before I've been to hot yoga where they call you out and make you feel uncomfortable during class but not here!
5	Great studio very clean with many class times perfect for my schedule.  The instructors are all very friendly too.
3	I have been "testing" different hot yoga studios around town to see which one I would like to join full time. After attending Bikram yoga for two months, I tried 103 hot yoga and it was definitely a different experience. The room is not as hot or humid as Bikram which is a plus for me. The humidity always makes me nauseous so I felt like I was able to push myself a little more here. During the 75 minute class, there is music playing in the background. I am sure I will get used to this but it was weird. It was nice to hear a little Elton & Beatles though. :) I had a hard time hearing the instructor over the music at first but she was very helpful when it came to poses I was not familiar with. My biggest downfall was the chitter chatter amongst attendees. I go to yoga to de-stress, relax and unwind and the talking was distracting. Especially when it happens in between poses and at the end of class. The end of class is important to soak up all the benefits of the class and it was hard with the noise. Overall, I would like to try more classes since there are many more on the schedule. I will be giving it another try.
5	This studio is great! Clean, great staff and a variety of classes! One of the best studios I've been to! I highly recommend the candlelight classes to relax and gain flexibility!
5	Full Disclosure: I've thrown 2 events hereFuller Disclosure: I'm now a member and will review from that vantage pointFullest Disclosure: I didn't shower yesterdayAny who, I joined this studio for a reason... It's the most spacious yoga studio I've been in and it offers hot boot camp. I have no patience for yoga (ironic), so the fact that I can get a workout and sweat out all the shame from nights prior is very appealing to me. These classes are GRUELING, but you feel amazing afterward. The instructors are animals, but don't mind if you need a break or have to grab some air. They get it. It's f'n hot. There are 2 boot camps a day , so it works with most schedules. After your class you can hit the locker room for a shower and not feel cramped in the least. They provide towels, shampoo, soap, etc. so no need to bring any extras. Into hot yoga? Bored of the gym? Hit up 103. Not sure if it's for you? Sign up for the 30 days for $30 special.
5	LOVE this studio! I am a yoga instructor myself, and was staying in Las Vegas on other business for a month. Joined this studio on recommendation of a friend, and went every day! Their schedule is posted online, days ahead too, so you can plan your routine for the week. They have classes all day long, so there will always be something that fits your time frames. I really liked the variety of classes offered, from bootcamps to yoga, and their instructors were great! The rooms were perfect temp too. I've been in some Bikram studios where the environment is horribly imbalanced -- Not at 103 Yoga! They really have it dialed in! I am very impressed.Before I left, I brought two more friends to sign up there and get started as well. Haven't found a place I like as much since! Looking forward to going back soon. Keep up the good work staff! You guys rock!
5	LOVE this place!! Super clean, super friendly, great schedule and awesome classes. DEFINITELY check this place out.
5	Studio is lovely, clean, spacious, spa-like.Teachers....fantastic.  I have not tried boot camp, but classes are full each time, so they must be doing something right there.  Happy to have another hot yoga near home. I find many people make comparisons to hot yoga studios vs Bikram. I personally find these classes are nice compliment to each other.  The 30 day introductory offer will get you hooked!
5	Love this studio! Amazing teachers and good variety of classes. It's like my second home :)
5	Love this studio! They offer so many different classes daily and their instructors are awesome. I love Greg's hot yoga class, he is always so helpful and funny too, he definitely loves what he does. At the end of his class, he puts a cold peppermint towel on your head! They also have a great groupon deal for those that want to check it out before joining.
5	This studio has been my favorite destination for my yoga practice in Las Vegas.  103 is a clean and spacious facility with heated rooms - a sun room for Pilates/bootcamps and a moon room for yoga. I have enjoyed all classes with various teachers, especially Greg Go's class.  I would highly recommend.
4	I love this studio! 1. Beautiful and clean! 2. none of that squiggly rubber carpet, or worse real carpet (think first generation bikram studios) 3. An array of classes... Pilates, bootcamp, power yoga, yin. 4. Very affordable 5. None of the annoying pushy ::cough cough vegas hot cough cough:: down your throat tip your instructors crap 6. nice patrons... You won't feel out of place if you've never down dogged The only thing I wish was different is: 1. wish there was a key fob type check in... I hate having to say my name to a person at a desk2. I wish there were some 75 min or 90 min class... all the classes are 60 min... 60 isn't enough sometimes but doing a double can be a bit much
5	Fantastic studio with the best instructors in Vegas. The hot yoga rooms are very clean and modern and have virtually no smell. Bathrooms are very nice and showers are great and clean. Nice mixture of classes but I wish there were more classes in the morning.
