4	I've been banking with BOFA for over five years now, and the branch on Silverado Ranch and Bermuda has been one of my "go-to" branches close to home.  I love how the 24 hour ATM service has the cash deposits built in.  This is a great convenience for tipped employees being we carry so much cash to the bank all the time.
3	I wish they had more ATM's. They have 2 drive up ones that ALWAYS have a line. No outside one out front or anywhere else.Also I have T-Rex arms so it's impossible to reach the ATM without opening my car door, which also is annoying.More ATM's please!
5	Been with boa for over 10 years now. I have no complaint what so ever. The app is user friendly. Transferring money takes seconds. And whenever I come here, everyone is so friendly with with huge smiles. Good job guys. Yall deserve this 5 star.
1	ATM STOLE MY MONEY! I just signed up here and the teller was showing me how to use the ATM. I had cash I wanted to put in so she directed me how to do so. I put my money in the ATM and it shuts down. IT TOOK MY MONEY! To top it off no receipt and it didn't even get counted into my account. The teller saw all this happened and failed a claim. The claim rep told me that they have to count the ATM to see if it was over at the end of the day. If not I might not get my money. So basically I got robbed of my cash and if doesn't show that the money was there. The teller even told the claims rep she witnessed this all. She was so helpful and felt so bad. Her bosses were just standing around doing nothing! Not helping her or even talking to me to see what happened. They just stood in the front greeting people that walked in. Clueless and unprofessional. At least the teller had great customer service. I was there for two hours all because I wanted to open a bank account and I ended up losing 100.00! You should changed your name to THIEFS OF AMERICA!
1	This bank is the worst. It doesn't matter how many tellers their are, it's always backed up. It always take me at least 15 minutes before I'm even at the front of the line. I understand that people may have more than one business transaction so that's no problem but they need to staff more tellers when the line is out the door. This is outrageous. The customer service varies from day to day depending on who I get. Some of girls are snooty as all hell and act like it's a problem that they have to do their job. Others are nice, proces my transaction and have a general sense of kindness.
2	This bank really has the worst setup in terms of ATMs. The drive through ones are setup one behind the other instead of side by side which gives only 1 line of ATMs instead of multiple lines. This causes a long wait time EVERY TIME because you're always waiting for someone to finish. You can't even use the walk up ATM during off hours because those are located inside of the bank who have makes it inaccessible. Avoid using the ATMs here at all costs.
1	Awful branch. The employees are awful and deceiving, and Nicholas yelled when I asked him why someone was going in front of us in line when he mentioned we were first in line. Last time I was here, service took forever, and no one was the least bit pleasant. I thought that was just an off day, but apparently it's like that quite often.
