5	This is the ONLY place I'll ever go for my lashes. I found Lindsay through Living Social over a year ago and she has been friendly and accommodating since day one. My lashes always look amazing and I wouldn't trust anyone else with them. I look forward to my appointments because I can relax in a private setting, and have an hour of girl talk. Lindsay is the best!!
5	Lindsay is truly the best! Lindsay is very professional and makes you feel really comfortable through the entire process! It was my first time getting by lashes done and I was a little nervous. Lindsay went over everything about each style of lashes that are available. I went with the 3D look...amazing! I now see her every 3 weeks for a fill! I get so many complements how natural my lashes look! I definitely recommend Lindsay!
5	I recently put in a full set of 3 D lashes at I candy and I absolutely love them. They are very light weight, easy to take care of and they look fabulous. Now my morning routine is cut in half because all I have to do is brush them and I'm ready to go. Totally worth the money!!!!
5	Lindsay is THE greatest esthetician. Her lash work is top notch!   I will only go to this gal for my lash extensions. She makes my tiny little lashes look long and lush! I always get compliments on my long lashes.
5	I love Lindsay, she is the absolute best!  I would never go to  anybody else.  She makes you feel comfortable and the atmosphere is relaxing. She knows what she is doing and is very good at it. I look forward to my fill appointments, while I get to relax Lindsay makes me beautiful.
5	I have been going to Lindsay for over 2 years now and I wouldn't trust anyone else with my lashes or my eyes for that matter. I was a newbie to lash extensions when I first started with her and she made me feel so comfortable, not to mention beautiful!! Lindsay is always flexible if I need a fill earlier or later and does her best to fit me in if I need to change our schedule. The salon is very relaxing and beautiful. Sometimes we talk girl talk during my fills and sometimes I just sleep with the relaxing spa music in the background. Do yourself a favor and go to Lindsay! She has A LOT of experience and really knows what she is doing. It's definitely an art....
5	Lindsay is a terrific lash lady! First time was comfortable, but every session after that, I've dozed off during! I didn't think that was possible because I can't sleep in general. I look forward to her sessions to catch up on my sleep:) I get my monies worth for the beautiful classic/natural lashes, the comfort and the convenience- she is close to me & no makeup rules!
5	This review is long overdue, as I've been going to Lindsay for my lashes since April.  She was friendly and informative from the start.  After taking a look at my lashes and discussing my desired outcome, Lindsay was able to give me the exact length and volume that I was missing. I was also happy with the fact that my extensions always looked natural and did not feel heavy.  More recently, I opted to try a more dramatic lash set, and I am absolutely wild about it! Even my facialist was very impressed with the craftsmanship!After 4 months of getting my lashes done at ICandy, I can confidently say that Lindsay is a true lash professional.  Her technique is clean, gentle, consistent (so important to me when it comes to any cosmetic work) and timely.  She is also very attentive to detail.  Lastly, the boutique is well-maintained and relaxing.  If I could give her more stars I would!
5	Just went to Lindsay today. She gave me the most wonderful facial ever! I felt great the rest of the day, like floating on air!  I actually won the facial in a contest and now I want to come back every day! Lindsay's amazing! She's so personable and friendly and really takes the time to give you a great treatment. I'm also interested in lashes and she was gracious enough to take the time to explain the lash extensions she does and what it entails. She is definitely getting my business again...facials, lashes...the works. You can really tell she takes so much pride in what she does and does it well. Highly recommend Lindsay!
5	I have to say that Lindsay is the absolute BEST lash technician in town! I have been going to her for over a year and my lashes look great (and I still have all my naturals). I always get compliments on them, and her work is beyond professional, sometimes people think they're my real lashes! She is one to trust with your lashes and skin. She gives great facials too! She is the only one I trust in town. Plus her office is the cutest! Very comfortable and welcoming. HIGHLY recommend Linds!!
5	Lindsey is definitely one of the best lash technicians in the business. I've been going to her about 6 months now & will never go to anyone else. She keeps great care of my natural lashes while adding the extension. If I ever want longer or more curl she changes it up and it still looks fantastic. The shop is very cute and inviting in. You feel so comfortable and right at home . If your looking to get your lashes done this is the best spot in town !
