5	Great service with great people who really seem genuine. A top repair shop of AAA and very timely service
4	They gave me an estimate $150 cheaper than 2 other shops and the final bill was $50 cheaper than the estimate.  Have not had a problem with the car since.
1	I thought I would try out this location after my previous auto shop had closed and hoped, being that AAA recommended it, it would provide good honest service.  Had an oil change/maintenance check done there and was please with the service.  But when I returned to have it looked at after the engine light went on, their "diagnostics" test was going to cost $105!  And that wouldn't have been waived if I had the service completed there!  I had to pass....free diagnostics test are available everywhere, don't be suckered!
4	A class act, all the way.  Very pleased with my visit to Kelly Clark on Bell.  They diagnosed the problem (not what I thought I had brought it in for) and stuck to the estimated price.  Prompt service from shuttle driver who is an awesome ambassador for their company.  They didn't try to sell me anything additional other than asking if I was due for an oil change while I was there.  Courteous personnel, and solid service experience.
5	My family & I have been taking our cars to Kelly Clark Automotive for at least the past 8 years, and have had amazing service from Jim, Mitchell and their team. As a young woman, taking my car to a repair shop can be nerve-wracking because I'm afraid I will be taken advantage of. Kelly Clark is run like a family business, and they always take care of me and are very knowledgable. They handle all makes, models & brands of cars and have helped out my friends as well. I highly recommend Kelly Clark Automotive Specialists.
5	This is my favorite car service shop on the entire planet! Every time I've ever brought in a vehicle I feel I've been treated fairly and squarely by first-rate professionals, who bend over backwards to take care of you; giving you the straight scoop on your vehicle; and they don't try to sell you anything that isn't truly ready to be replaced. Let's face it, taking a vehicle in for service isn't typically anyone's idea of a barrel of fun.  And, who hasn't at some point in their lives had a vehicle in for something simple, such as an oil change, only to get handed an estimate of $1,759 (or a lot more) for supposed repairs your vehicle may not truly need? Not to mention that if you object to any of the estimate, particularly the most farfetched part of it, you may be told something to the effect that your vehicle "could blow up," or "the wheels will fall off, " or "you could be left stranded on the freeway," etc. If you're like me, you've been told this sort of thing many, many times. That doesn't ever happen at Kelly Clark, as they don't suggest replacing something unless you actually need the repair. In my mind, their integrity is as immaculate as the squeaky-clean waiting room. Customers just want honesty, and you'll get it at Kelly Clark. And they also do a better job of explaining exactly what is going on with your car than any place I have ever had a vehicle in for service. One if my favorite experiences here was when I brought a car brought a car in here, extemporaneously, that I was thinking of buying and asked them to do a complete inspection of the vehicle (as the owner had no documented maintenance records); and I was a little leery of taking a stranger's word for how well the car had been maintained.  Naturally, the owner of the vehicle was not too thrilled we were there (since the car was pristine in his mind), but he agreed to have the inspection as a condition of selling the car.Fortunately, as I anticipated, Kelly Clark immediately jumped to attention and whipped the car in and out in a very timely fashion, replete with an assessment (either "pass" or "fail" for everything they checked).  And the final price ($57) was not only extremely reasonable, but it was also below the quote!  I ended buying the car, with peace of mind, thanks to Kelly Clark and their excellent service.UPDATE: 18 months - and 29k miles - later, this car has not had a single repair, other than regular maintenance which was recommended by Kelly Clark at the time of the inspection (and corroborated by other facilities that subsequently arrived at the same conclusion): flushing the transmission fluid, brake pads, and flushing the power steering fluid. Kelly Clark was spot on!
5	These guys are as good as it gets!I started coming here for my routine oil changes + so happy I found them. When I started having car troubles, they were beyond helpful in respecting not only my budget but were upfront about what repairs were absolutely needed, versus what could wait.I couldn't recommend them more!
5	Simply the best staff and service by far!!! Mitchell help me with a major gas leak immediately bc dangerous gas fumes were coming into my car. Thank God they did. I didn't even have to wait around for hours bc they provided my family a ride home and picked me back up when it was done! Thanks Benny! Ur a wonderful and great guy
4	So far so good...had a brake job and oil change and very very satisfied. They completed the car repairs when promised, and they did not just automatically say I needed new rotors like the dealership always does!!
5	I had to have my Jeep towed to an Auto Repair shop and I found them on Google.com and came with good reviews. I dealt with the manager, Mitchell Rosowitz and he shot me straight and gave me a price for repairs and recommendations for other repairs needed without pressure. I only had so much money to work with so Mitchell gave me a discount and All is good with my Jeep!!
1	Went there for 2 problem the main problem was fixed but costly. Second problem said a/c composer need to be replaced 1200 dollars so had second opinion was actually the fan 165 dollars.   Nice that they checked for the real problem never going back there.
2	Before I say the bad, I must say the good. Kelly Clark Auto has very nice service, they explain everything and treat you with patience and some respect. Problem is they sell you so much BS and unnecessary fixes. I took my car to a mechanic friend right before and I didn't need half of what they recommended. Kelly Clark is also quite late compared to when they say the car will be ready. But the biggest issue is the price. WOW, they are not cheap. Sorry, I ain't going back.
