5	A new Sushi spot on Duluth!A word of warning, don't go expecting your traditional Sushi fare. There are no California or Dragon rolls on the menu.  Instead expect the unexpected. The staff has put together a menu that combines tradition with modern flair to make a fusion of tastes and flavors.  The evening menu has two chef specials, the Bonnie et Clyde.  You will get a great mix of all the offerings, including my favorite a lobster mix served on a rice cracker.Another nice fusion is the Micheal Jackson - which is a mix of salmon, shirmp  and tuna rolled and then fried.The staff is super energetic and passionate about what they are doing. They treat each customer warmly and will answer any questions you may have about the menu. I love supporting places that love doing what they do!The times I've been, they have played a nice mix of 80's music and a volume that makes conversation enjoyable while still being able to groove to some old school classics.Check it out!
5	This is a fantastic, intimate, new sushi restaurant in Montreal.  It will be on our regular rotation from now on.  It's a different twist on sushi, but with all of the familiar fish and flavors.  The owners really believe in quality over all-you-can-eat quantity, but you won't go away hungry.  The fish is fresh, expertly served, and so tasty you'll find yourself pushing away the usual soy sauce and wasabi accompaniments (says a wasabi fiend).  The rolls are inventive, and the chef has a lot up his sleeve. Among the pleasant surprises: The sashimi with apples plate is similar to a carpaccio (thin slices of fish in a dressing with julienned apples) and the 'christmas trees' are kind of a spicy lobster tartare. Also, the regular scallop sashimi slices were served between lime slices, giving it a slight citrus flavor, which was refreshing paired with the yogurt/coconut milk dipping sauce.  All this for about $25 pp.  We were hesitant to try the chef's choice prefix menu, but I will choose it without hesitation next time.
5	Living in New York, I get spoiled by having great sushi restaurants everywhere.  So I am usually hesitant to eat at sushi places away from New York unless they are the most expensive kind.  I also usually avoid places that only have a few Yelp reviews. But I was really in the mood for sushi, and the 2 reviews Saint had were both very impressive, so I decided to give it a try. That was the best restaurant-related decision I've made in a long time. This place is a perfect sushi restaurant. It is quaint (only about 15-20 seats), and it has a cool atmosphere (good music at the right volume).  It is run by two long-time friends, one the chef, the other the server. They interact nicely with the small crowd; friendly, conversational, and attentive without being annoying. And the sushi is amazing (at a surprisingly low price). Very creative arrangements.  Everything I had was excellent.  I ordered "The Clyde", a mixture of sushi and rolls chosen by the chef that came with a salad and an appetizer, all for just $22. The rolls included various mixtures of tuna, salmon, tempura, mango, avocado, scallions, and more. And they came with a special yogurt sauce that was as tasty as the rest of the meal.  But the best of all was the "Christmas trees" appetizer. A stack of lobster mixed with tempura and scallions, served on a rice chip. I could have had a meal of just those and been very happy. I can't recommend this place enough.  I will send all my friends visiting Montreal here.
5	Great food, great prices, great service. Better than Tri Express in my opinion. Will definitely go back! Probably the best value for sushi in Montreal.
5	My fiance and I just moved to the Plateau from Boston and were told by friends to check this place out.  We were not disappointed!  The food and service are amazing and the chef/owner offered us a chef's tasting.  It was perfect.  I've since ordered take out and it's been wonderful also.  Highly recommended!
5	This place was such a nice find.  It was simple, my wife and I (American tourists) felt like getting sushi, so we Googled 'montreal sushi yelp'.  Despite being skeptical we gave it a try and it was really good.  The owner and waiter were extra nice and the food was great.  We got the sampler plate which I think was the best option for exploring the menu.  We complimented the tea and the waiter gave us a small take-away container of loose tea on our way out.  I wish them success.  On a side-note, we noticed that section of Duluth street had a different vibe that we liked a lot--it was less frenetic and prettier than adjacent streets.  Going there made for one of the highlights of our visit.
4	Really impressed by the service, the food, the price, the whole thing! Menu is not extensive because restaurant is still new (7 months old) but each plate served was delicious and the ingredients and the taste was original and different from what I'm use too. The missing star is for the fact that they still don't have no alcohol, no coffee and no deserts but they are working on it. The chef and the waiter were simply amazing and VERY helpful. All in all I would highly recommend.
5	We stopped by before heading back to Toronto after reading all of positive reviews for this new Sushi Bar. We were immediately sold on the Chef's tasting platter, it was a great delight to have a tour of the entire menu. Service is very friendly and fast. The chef explain to us with passion that he uses the best grade fish from the market. He also replace mayo in his recipe for yogourt for a healthier choice. I really enjoyed the food. The tea was also excellent, green loose leaf tea with roasted brown rice, the best tea I've ever had. Highly recommended!
5	Great sushi and great service! Very accommodating for a gluten free diet. Try the red tuna and bob marley rolls!
5	Excellent sushi. The attention to detail is amazing. Everything down to the pickled ginger is well thought through. The staff is super friendly and passionate about their work. Each menu item has a story to tell. Definitely visit this place when in Montreal. Just be sure to call ahead cause it's busy.
5	Amazing. So delicious. I wanted to go back the next day and am so sad I don't live in Montreal to go regularly!!I'm from New Jersey and I am an avid sushi eater (when I can and when it isn't so expensive). I noticed a review from a New Yorker (some of the best sushi in America can be found there) so I had a hunch we would find something great. My boyfriend and I stopped in Montreal for one night on a road trip and, boy, did we choose the right place. (Thank you yelp and Mike D!!)Innovative, flavorful, meticulously crafted food. Friendly, passionate, happy, local chef and workers. Not really cheap, not really expensive - for example, the bf and I got the sampler so it was expensive but we got a massive amount of DELICIOUS, mouth-watering food. Side note: Got to talking to the chef and employees after we ate because we ended up eating until after closing. The chef has traveled a lot, including to Jamaica, using his travels and sort of, let's say, meditative, spiritual beliefs to influence and bring passion to his food. All the people that work there are family or long-time friends. AND they offered to show us a good local bar to go to afterwards for our one and only night in Montreal.All in all a great local establishment you really want to support, and when you do you get the benefits of incredible food.
5	Took the tip off of yelp and the reviews were spot on. Great fusion of music and sushi topped off with a great staff. Highly recommend!
5	Pardon me, as I jump on the bandwagon...Saint Sushi is a culinary experience that I wish I ventured into more often during my travels.  This was the perfect antidote for an otherwise mediocre, after hours evening.This is not traditional sushi or sashimi but rather an eclectic and innovative fusion of fresh and carefully selected ingredients that come together to form an unparalleled taste bud massage.  Do your self and your taste buds a favor and order the tasting courses (not on the menu). The green tea, infused with brown rice was the perfect compliment to the four courses which I was privileged to.   Saint Sushi, on this day I pledge my patronage to you.
5	Oh, my belly is happy and so are my tastebuds. I had a wonderful lazy late lunch here with a Yelp friend today. The experience started out wonderfully with a warm welcome from the two sushi saints...one behind the sushi bar, one serving. We went with the off-menu option of a 3-course tasting meal, which was DELICIOUS and beautifully presented and just the right size for lunch. The selections are music-inspired so be sure to ask about the story behind the names. They were happy to accommodate my dairy allergy.The fish was all really fresh and delicious, and the rice perfectly cooked. As other reviewers have mentioned, go with an open mind because it's not traditional sushi resto fare. I'm not usually a fan of "fusion" cuisine, which can so often cover up the delicate flavours of tasty tasty raw fish, but not so in this case. I'd be hard-pressed to choose a favourite. The Bob Marley roll (in a rice paper wrapper) was crunchy from cucumber and fish roe, soft from avocado and salmon, and oh so delicious. The enoki mushrooms in the Beatles roll were so cute! (Yes, I admit it's strange that I find mushrooms cute...but...there we are). Posted prices include taxes, mes ami(e)s, so if you look up the menu online, keep that in mind. It's 15% less expensive than you think.And yes, everybody on Yelp is right, the green tea with rice is really yummy.
3	If you are a fan of Tri Express, you will definitely love Sushi Saint because the menu, concept and presentation is exactly the same. In fact, it's pretty much a carbon copy of Tri Express. It turns out that the chef had previously worked for 6 years at Tri Express before opening his own restaurant. My wife and I went for the tasting menu, which is not listed on the menu. At 20$ per person, it's a great deal although I wasn't full at the end of my meal.I enjoyed my meal although I felt bad that the chef blatantly copied another restaurant. I tried to enjoy my meal for what it is: a playful interpretation of sushi. Japanese natives would probably not believe what happened to their beloved sushi. The focus is not on the freshness of the fish. In fact, I could sometimes barely tell what kind of fish I was eating. An extra star for the music soundtrack that was playing. 80s music is awesome!
5	Following my wise Yelp friends down the trail to this little sushi discovery on Duluth I was not disappointed. Odd decor that looks like an accumulation of euro-mid-east restos gone by in this little 20-seater, no liquor license, and still I can't resist the 5 stars. Because for a flat $20 each, me and my two funny hungry honeypie friends had a 3 course tasting menu that filled us up and left us perfectly delighted. Rivals the best sushi we've had in this sushi-dangerous town that's far from the sea, and at a fraction of the cost. And the service was friendly, funny, interested in making sure we were enjoying ourselves, had no allergies, had everything quick since we (ok, I) was at the point of hangry. Honestly, it's kind of rare in this town to eat a meal that so nicely balances price with freshness, inventive flavours and thoughtful friendly service. Make reservations, this place was steadily full on a snow-covered Thursday.
5	Wow. What a place. Clearly, a hidden gem that I gladly experienced with some local friends who knew about this awesome sushi spot. What I really loved is how attentive the owners are to their customers. We had a few allergy issues scattered across our table, but all were accommodated by the chef. I take it that the menu might change around somewhat frequently, but the "tasting menu" seems like a good option, if you want something of a surpise. If not, go for the combos they list as it's a nice cross section of their rolls and you get these awesome "christmas trees" which were a really nice creative and tasty highlight.
4	first meal in Montreal. very nice people there, Xmas tree sushi was very special. everything else tasted pretty much the same.
5	As everyone has already said, this place was great! Delicious, creative food with great service. Great location right in the Plateau. I'll be back for sure.
5	My wife and I met Saeng since he worked for chef Tri. As much as we love Tri Express,  saint sushi bar's easily becoming our favorite. Some says it's the same but I think it has different takes from Tri. Sauce is different and the fish quality is a top notch. Now if you enjoy more all you can eat sushi, then you may not leave feeling full but your money is worth spent.  On top of he makes the best sushi in town, me and my wife really enjoy the warmth greets from him n his team and the playlist from the 80s album. Something that Tri is missing. I highly recommend to try this modern sushi place. And try to come on weekdays to avoid long queue or call to reserve.Le meilleur sushi moderne en ville.  Frais et plein de saveur!
5	The food here is awesome, great sushi and absolutely amazing service. Will definitely go back soon and next time I do I will just sit down and let the sushi man prepare anything he wants for me.I had 2 rolls and one "tuna Christmas tree" and just could get enough, I wanted to order every single thing on the menu,
5	I came here last night  since I've been craving sushi lately and after reading fellow Yelper's reviews, I decided to come check it out.Believe the hype.I find most really good sushi joints in Montreal fall either between the food-court variety  or the super, high-end, astronomically priced variety. Finding something decent in the middle is a tricky act to follow. However, Saint Sushi delivers on all points.Not only is it moderately priced, you get lots of bang for your buck. The flavors are just simply amazing. With a  hip attitude and tasting menus named after gangsters like "Bonnie" or "Clyde" or maki rolls named after singers like James Brown or Madonna, if you like trying out unique sushi flavors, then come here.Their "Sapins de Noel" (Christmas tree) is a particular delight,. Lobster on a rice cracker, it's a wonderful, unique take. Then there's the ambiance and service. The guys running the place are really nice and friendly, they want to make your experience a positive one and it really shows. Plus there were all these great 80's tunes playing, with a mix which went from "We are the World" to "Grease" to "Home Sweet Home" from Motley Crue.  I felt like I was suddenly back in the fifth grade listening to the radio while noshing on great food.So with great tunes, great service, great food and great prices, please pray tell, why would I want to go anywhere else for sushi now?
5	This place is absolutely amazing!!!Saeng makes some of the best sushi I've ever tried and everyone in the restaurant is phenomenally friendly and understanding of all needs of their customers (allergies, etc.).Always fresh and innovative
5	Wow, it's like Vancouver in Montreal (or at least the closest we're gonna get)! The sushi here is creatively prepared beautifully presented, tastes great and is amazingly affordable. As a friend of mine says "every time I pay I feel like I'm stealing".On Saturday I ate at Saint Sushi for the first time and loved it so much that on Sunday evening I went back for takeout. Both times we ordered the chefs tasting menu which seems to be the way to go. Everything was excellent, the stand outs were the Christmas Tree and the Michael Jackson Maki Roll. You really can't go wrong at this low key resto with friendly staff  and sushi rolls with names like Madonna and Bob Marley. And if for some crazy reason you don't enjoy yourself it will have only cost you $20 so, not much harm done.
5	WOW!! I am traveling around the world really a lot but a sushi place like that i didnt see yet!! The service is extraordinary friendly in a really easy going mood. The food was just fantastic! We got both the menu - 3 plates for 20$ each!! First we both were thinking if it will be enough but after the main plate we both werent hungry anymore. Just satisfied....Guys you have to try the christmas trees and this awesome green tea. It was so good that we came three days later again for lunch to share this experience with a working colleague out of quebec city...We will definitely go back there!!
5	Simply the best sushi in town. Will go back for sure. Very cheap also, 20$ for the tasting menu!!!
5	Food was delicious and service made you feel right at home. The Christmas tree is a must! The place is often quite busy, so call ahead and reserve. Also enjoyed the Michael Jackson roll. The sushi is super fresh, and the rolls are creative. All the staff are friendly. Overall a wonderful time!
5	Awesome place. Staff is super friendly and welcoming! You must give it a try and the sushi are terrific as well!
5	The best sushi I've ever had. Delicious. Creatively crafted and beautifully presented. Excellent, friendly service. All at an exceptional price. The space is simple, nothing fancy, but the food is spectacular. Highly recommend their tasting menu, it's an awesome dining experience and a bargain too.
4	This is a must and im big fan of sushi, You guys should not miss this place..The staff are so nice and helpful too. Will be back soon
5	This. Place. Is. Amazing. It's been so long since I've been so pleased with a dining experience. The tastes and presentation were spectacular.  And on top of that the service was awesome. Friendliest group of people. I came in starving and left overwhelmingly happy.Sushi will never be the same to me.
5	The best sushi place I have ever been to. Bar none. I recommend the tasting menu but even if you don't get that, any roll you get will blow your mind.
5	Visites last night and it was superb.  Best sushi, great food and great personnel including all.  I'll come back next time I visit Montreal.
5	Best sushi of my life. Sit at the bar if you can- they're great to sing with as they play some excellent tunes while you're eating. They know how to do sushi.I had the tasting menu and didn't want it to end. Absolutely incredible.
5	Came here with a large group from N.Y.where the sushi is fantastic. I have to say the food here was excellent. We all got the chef special which was a tasting and it was amazing. Also I have to commend them on the great service. I'll definitely be coming back here.
3	I took a sampler plate which was good but it was pricy, almost about CAD23, personally I didn't like the salad, there was a kind of sea vegetable and not my type at all. Place is quite and good service.
5	Tasting menu at $22 per person was absolutely fantastic! Let the chef take control, it's the way to go. Fresh ingredients, well-presented, and the staff were super friendly and efficient. As mentioned in other reviews we loved the music, as well. The perfect summer treat in a really cool neighborhood. Can't praise this place enough!
4	Everything I ate was delicious, but I was left wanting by the amount that was served. The value was fine, when you think that the price is $22/person tax included, but I left hungry. I needed more food. Could have eaten the whole meal by myself.
5	Went there for my birthday since my wife and I craved sushi for quite some time. This place had high reviews here at yelp and they were accurate. We had the plat de degustation and every bite and piece of food were delicious. We ordered some additional more makis to try out more of the creations the restaurant had to offer and were also pleased. The side sauces were excellent and definitely elevated the food to a different height (loved the Saki reduction).The service and staff were very helpful and even when I accidently spilled the soya sauce on the table, the waiter was very courteous and didn't make me feel bad about the accident. The music choice was great especially for 80s generationThe only negative point (even through no fault of the owners) is the lack of any alcohol license (including bring your own). The waiter told us that they were working on it but it was not easy task.I would definitely come back and recommend the place to my friends and family.
5	I went with my girlfriend and we enjoyed the food very much here. We had the sampling menu and the Christmas tree sushi was absolutely delicious. The salmon sashimi was amazing as well. Well the entire meal was great. If you're feeling for sushi, do be sure to check this place out and try it out. If possible, make reservations cause they do get busy!
5	great service, loved the sushi! best bang for buck Sushi ive been to in Montreal...thanks for the staff for being kind and explaining what the meal was...got the Tasting one...
3	We came in here and got the tasting menu and some hot tea; total for the two of us was a reasonable $46 plus tip.   The sushi was fine, but nothing memorable compared to most places we've had sushi before.One big positive about this place is that everyone who worked there was very friendly and personable.Decor seemed an odd choice for a sushi bar (it looked more like a Thai or Lao restaurant decor than that of a sushi joint); nothing wrong with it, it just seemed out of place.
4	Great ambiance. The chefs at the bar are cool and play great music. Lot of hip hop. The decor is Laotian? Lao? Owners are from Laos. Incredibly friendly. Oh ya, and the sushi is very good. Not incredible, but very good especially for Montreal standards. My favorite part of the meal were the Xmas rolls.
4	Had the tasting menu per the chefs recommendation. Everything was great. I asked for no tempura and no rice. He accommodated. Great value!Friendly staff. As for the ambiance, it is small and cluttered, but then again you don't stay long because they don't have an alcohol license.I'm more of a sashimi person, if you are looking for sashimi, this wouldn't be the place I would go, but if you are in the mood for sushi and creativity, go.
5	This is my most recent surprising and astonishing finds on the plateau recently. The sushi is 5 star, the service is perfect, location is adorable and well decorated.....the price is unbelievable!!!! You can eat lunch here for the under 15$ seriously??? AMAZING
5	Again I was not disappointed at Saint Sushi. Always fresh and the staff is so friendly!See you on my next trip.The Caribbean Queen!
4	Great guys that run this place, very friendly and welcoming.The food is real tasty and reasonable in price.The sampler plate was a great because you get to try a few things at once
5	The tasting menu is great and reasonable price. Everything was fresh and unique. Friendly stuff. Great area to explore around.
5	Was in Montreal for the weekend and looking for a great sushi place. After reading the reviews here, we decided to try Saint Sushi Bar on 8/30/2014. I'm a bonafide sushi-snob, but I can honestly say that this sushi is the best I've ever eaten. Hands down. The Tasting Menu was recommended to us and it's by far one of the best decisions of my life. The sushi was fresh, and the flavors were unbelievable. The chefs can accommodate most palates in the tasting menu. We decided to try raw and non-raw options. Included in the tasting menu was also a salad and another starter (can't remember the name, but they are pictured here on Yelp--the little thingys on crackers). The chefs were a lot of fun too (shout out to Ralph) and it's obvious that they put a lot of detail into the sushi and most of all enjoy what they do. I also enjoyed the music that was playing too. Ralph told me it was a collection of all the chefs playlist-so you will hear old-school, new school and everything in between. It really makes for fun experience. Will definitely go back when I return to Montreal.
5	This has become my #1 favourite sushi I've been to ever! What an experience and I recommend the tasting menu! So yummy!
5	We ordered the lunch special and it was really flavorful and filling, without feeling heavy. Fresh food, quick service, and plenty of room in the restaurant. Definitely going to be going back again
5	Location: Tucked away on Duluth, just off of St. Denis (head east). The closest subway is Mont-Royal or you can try your luck with street parking.The place: Teeny tiny, but it's got BIG energy. The space is nothing fancy but it offers up a chill, comfortable vibe. The guys who run this place also have excellent taste in music so you don't need to worry about having to listen to elevator music or that pop crap. The goods: Honestly, I could write a short novel about how goddamn good the sushi is here, but I won't. All you need to know is that SS serves up top notch cuisine using quality ingredients and everything is made upon order. I tried the tasting menu that included such goodies as the Bob Marley, the Beatles, the Madonna and the Michael Jackson, among others. The starter was salmon sashimi in a sake reduction. Jesus, it was good. Our second dish was the 'Christmas tree' - a lovely concoction of seafood served on a rice cracker. Our waiter Ali (hope I spelled that right!), told me the present wasn't on the bottom but rather, on the top - and he was right. It was so incredibly flavourful that I could feast on this alone. The grand finale was a beautiful sushi platter and every item on it rocked. Hello - can I move in?Service: Phenomenal. Ali, Saeng, Ralph and our host whose name I unfortunately didn't get, were amazing. You can't ask for friendlier people to accompany a wonderful meal. I had a great chat with the guys and they let me know that they were basically a group of childhood friends who decided to work together. They really seem to love what they do and it's obvious that they mesh well. A huge white gangsta shout-out to these fine gents.Price point: Super affordable - the tasting menu is $22 tax in, per person. So... What are you waiting for? Go! But be warned - you'll need a reservation on weekends. This place is too cool for school.
5	On two occasions in my life, I got an endorphine rush by eating food. My meal at Saint Sushi Bar was one of them. 11/10
5	Went there with my boyfriend and we tried the ''secret'' menu, which was a 3 courses menu. We also had the miso and the wakame salad in addition. Everything was yummy and fresh but mostly, original! I never tasted these kinds of sushi before. They also had very funny names. The service was perfect and I liked the fact that the staff looked like they were having fun in the open kitchen. I would recommend to anybody who want to have a good time and experience new kinds of japanese cuisine.
5	Found this delicious sushi place on yelp. Was visiting Montreal with our 4 mo. old baby girl; needed to go to places that were only kid-friendly. I wouldn't say this place is necessarily spacious enough to bring in a stroller, buuut the staff at this restaurant were amazing and more than accommodating for all that came in with us. Unfortunately, neither my hubs or I are fluent in French (and they only have a French menu), but the waiter that served us gave us some of his top recs and we ended up going with the tasting menu. Hands down, it was delicious!! Would highly recommend!! Great service, delicious food. Best restaurant we visited during our stay.
4	I went here Saturday night for the first time. I'm not big on sushi, but was with friends who love it. We ordered the tasting menu. The first ones we got had a yummy apple flavoured sauce on it. That was probably my favorite in terms of flavor. The Christmas tree was really delicious. Both the one with lobster and the one with tuna (or was it salmon?). The rest was pretty good...like I said, I'm not big on sushi, so I don't have much to compare it to. The only comment one of my friends had was that they don't really play with texture. Everything is just the same soft texture. The staff was great and friendly. I'd suggest making reservations.
5	Amazing and unique. Don't go there expecting to eat a cookie-cut California roll. Sit at the sushi bar if you can and order what the chef recommends for you. Very friendly group of individuals who love what they do. :) Loved it!
5	Highly recommend this  tiny place and the tasting menu. Very friendly staff and a cool variety of rolls. PS: The Christmas trees are amazing.
5	A place to die for!!!!! If I crave sushi, this is the place that I always go to.The owners are so down to earth, nice and very friendly. The service is amazing and quick. The music is great, very chill place!The ambiance is phenomenal. If I could describe the sushi there with one word it would be Orgasmic!I've never had sushi like this in my life. Fresh, tasty and one of a kind. You can actually taste the fish and not the rice like the other sushi places. The price is affordable as well.A great place for a date night or even for a small gathering or a small event!
2	Waited an hour and a half for our food. The only good part was the salmon sashimi (which is unprepared, raw fish.) The rolls were pretty average, filled with creams and sauces (which isn't very Japanese in my opinion). Maybe I'm not a fan of fusion sushi but all I can say is that adding BBQ sauce to a roll is the wrong move. Very average.
1	I was very disappointed with saint sushi. The food itself deserved at very most a 3-star review but the rudeness of the owner/chef just blew me away. I am an avid Montreal eater and have worked in the food industry for over 10 years and have never faced such defensive behaviour. I ordered the salad, which on the menu said contained julienned papayas, and when I inquired with the very polite waiter about it, the owner blew up at me from across the kitchen and said "I decided not to put them in." When I gently replied that they should perhaps warn their customers that the menu has changed, he snapped at me making all sorts of random excuses. I said ok, no problem and continued eating. He shouted, again from across the restaurant that he would remove 1$ off our 47$ bill. Ok. We said ok. After the bill was paid, he continued harassing me, questioning my knowledge of the restaurant industry and attacking me with snarky comments. This is not acceptable. I could not believe it. I will not condone this behaviour from a restaurant and I pity the staff who need to work with this overblown ego of a man. As for the food, the salad was sopping in sauce, she sushi was no better than anywhere else, and the bill was 47$ for two people, for lunch. Go if you like, but I would stand in solidarity against such a vicious place.
5	This has to be one of the best sushi I've ever had. The tasting menu is great. The staff is super friendly . Make sure you have reservations . The place is always full . Whenever I forget to make reservations, they alway make place at the bar where we can see the chefs making the rolls.
5	Family of 5 came here and ordered the tasting menu. It was phenomenal. Not only was the sushi the best we've had in our lives, but the service was extraordinary. I highly recommend the tasting menu. And it's often crowded here, but well worth it. Best sushi I've ever had!
5	Staff was accommodating and welcoming. Despite a huge walk in crowd they did a great job seating us and juggling the waiting crowd. We ordered the tasting menu, being the first time there. It included 3 courses; sashimi, "Christmas tree" tartar and 2 rolls per person for $22. The tempura on one of the rolls was incredibly light and airy. They had very unique, fusion style dipping sauces.They managed to sit ~35 and fit 5-6 staffers with an open kitchen into a space that isn't much larger than most living rooms. But they did it with a cheerful and welcoming air. The cheerful ambiance manages to meld the eclectic decor of bull fights, Chinese tigers and Indian gods into a warm and welcoming space where the cooks and wait staff are dancing to the music and did't hesitate to interact with the patrons. The bustles and hustles of the space always felt sincere and not contrived and despite the crowding somehow managed to feel very private.
5	Had an amazing time. The place was overcrowded so we had to sit at the bar!!! Simply a great time! You get to discuss what to eat with the chef!!! Try the tasting menu!! One of the top Sushi in Montreal
