4	This Fry's is better than most in terms of cleanliness and selection, and on the low end of the service scale. Getting help at the deli counter or butcher takes a ton of patience, and the checkouts are slow. Overall, it's a better option than the other neighboring Fry's stores.I'm a regular here because they have a gas station with the cheapest diesel in the area.
4	People here are nice, service is good, you can actually find help if you need it (except for the deli, where the service always sucks, and I mean ALWAYS) , it's always clean,  and it's close to my house.
4	Clean, well stocked, checkouts are usually quick. Buy food here, then cook it!
1	I over heard a couple employees talking about a fellow employee who has "brought bed bugs into the store " and apparently has passed them on to multiple employees thru ought the store. That is disgusting and I will not return!
5	I love this grocery store! Everything is always clean and I have never had to wait in long lines to check out.  The people who work there are also very helpful and friendly. With the Fry's gas station in the same complex (where you can cash in those fuel perks to save on gas), it's very convenient.  Although we try to make weekly grocery store trips, we inevitably end up needing "just one more thing" for a meal.  Since I drive right by this store on my way home from work, I often swing in to pick up bread for the pasta, a dessert we just have to have, etc.  The self-checkout is extremely convenient, and there's always someone stationed there in case you need some help.It is still one of the general, chain grocery stores, so they don't carry anything overly unique; however, I must admit I was pleasantly surprised to find they did have DeLallo's Italian items (a wonderful little market that is located near my old home in Western Pennsylvania).  This is absolutely one of my favorite stores, which is saying something considering it's a grocery store and my idea of cooking is heating something in the microwave!
3	They are remodeling the place. It's gigantic but a little messy
1	I'm a veteran and I still had my uniform on because I just got off work and decided to get groceries on the way home from work with a friend. Bad experience, I most likely I will not shop at this fry's ever again. I was shopping with my friend picking up ingredients for dinner and one of the ingredients happens to be red wine. My friend is not 21, I even tried to explain that the wine is for cooking. I don't know anyone who buys a $5 bottle of wine for drinking. So I payed for the groceries I was able to get. I came back at a later time after i dropped of the groceries at my house which was a short 1 min drive. I returned without my friend and I was still unable to buy the wine for cooking. So I was kicked out for trying to buy an ingredient for cooking and about 8 customers with full shopping carts in line walked out after I did because they were very offended by the way they treated me.
4	I have it in my head that Fry's is just electronics, so I get tripped out when I'm out of town and I see a Fry's or someone mentions needing to get milk at Fry's. This is a grocery store. Perhaps that's obvious to all the native Arizona kids out there, but it's still a novelty to me.That said, it's pretty much along the same lines as most other grocers out there. You've got your requisite sections--produce, meat, deli, bakery, and so on. The bakery isn't my favorite and the middle-of-the-store grocery products aren't too fancy, but it's still a decent place for your ingredient goods.I will say that it's pretty clean and spiffy here. The checkouts are quick (I'm never doing proper grocery shopping--I'm usually here buying deodorant or something else that I forgot to pack for a trip) but it's zippy through the self checkout. And parking is usually pretty easy.
