4	This used to be Destinations.  It's quiet & unassuming.  I had my nails done by Stacee with the newfangled gel nails where they do the ultraviolet light drying for about a minute.  It takes an hour each for mani & pedi but 3 wks later, not a chip.  Except for bottom regrowth, it looks like new & I've still gotten compliments on my hands.  I did the french nail so the growth wouldn't be that noticeable & for the $95 was well worth it.  My husband had his hair cut & colored for $85 ($40 + $45) & said it was acceptable.  He doesn't yelp tho'.
5	I have gone to Chadda since 1997, she is wonderful, professional, competitively priced and constantly up to date with the latest trends, cuts, colors and processes. I have even flown in from out of the state to have her do my hair the few times I lived out of town for 6 months or more. In fact she did the hair for my wedding, coming in the day after her mother had passed away. I asked her why she didn't cancel and she said because she made a commitment and it was my BIG day. Not too many professionals in any field would have done that. She is the GREATEST!!!!!!!
1	I would rated minus 5 if i could, stay away from this place specially this person named Kimberly she is awful she chopped my hair off way far from what i've asked to at the end there was no haircut and she told me: "the less you wash your hair, the better it will look" i needed it dirty!! I SHOULD'VE CUT MY HAIR AT HOME CAUSE THIS PLACE AIN'T WORTH IT!
5	You'll have a hard time find a better colorist as good as Chadda in this city she's Redken certified and is a wiz with a pair with a pair of shears!
5	I love Francesjean! She is great. I have been going to her for all my haircare needs for over 3 years. She is great at coloring, cuts, and extensions. She really takes the time to explain what she's doing, and how to keep your hair in great shape. I LOVED my extensions.... they were amazing! Call her today!
5	I currently had my hair done with Jenna Samaniego and she totally rocked it out!!!! We did high/low lights and I've had so many great compliments from people. Being new to the area and having to change hair stylists can be very scary but Jenna listened to everything I wanted and exceeded my expectations!!! Her prices are very affordable and she uses the newest color and is always watching out for the health of my hair amongst anything else. She is very professional and always up to speed with the newest trends. I highly Recommend Jenna for any hair needs!!!
1	Chadda, well she gave me the worst cut in my life!!!! And at the end she acted like I looked good when i actually looked like Joe Dirt... Next day i had to go to an other stylist to try to fix my hair and I don't look like a pop singer from the 80's........ She cut bangs up over my eyebrows!!!!! I did not have bangs and I did not want bangs, ahe just cut it without asking... I am thinking actually to buzz my hair..If you want a good cut do not go Chadda....
5	Milunka gives a great facial. Best I've ever had. She even does extractions. Get rid of those black heads.
5	This place is outstanding. I was referred to Cynthia for lash extensions and she exceeded my expectations. She made me feel very comfortable and the finished product was great! Not only was the service great but the salon itself is well kept and beautiful.
1	I went to Icon Salon Spa thinking that this was a reputable salon and I would have my hair done by someone who really knew what they were doing.  I couldnt have been more wrong.  I went and saw Chadda Rhu the owner, who is a much older woman, who I thought had been doing hair for such a long time that there was no way that she could possibly mess me up.  Wrong again !  She did my color and she ruined my hair ! It was a faded red but the ends were destroyed ! When I say destroyed ...I mean destroyed !  I left there in tears.  The next day I went in to see her to see if she could possibly fix her mess.  She was the rudest lady that I think I have ever encountered.She was in her room with a room full of people and I came to the door , when she saw me, she looked like she saw a ghost.  I asked if I could speak with her, trying not to embarass her in front of her clientele.  She started screaming "Get out", she even grabbed my arm (assault) and pushed me out of the door way and slammed the door in my face and threatened to call the police.  I was so embarassed. I had hair that was not fit for a dog and now this lady who did it, wasnt taking any responsibility screaming and acting like a straight lunatic.All I wanted was for my hair to look nice.  I understand some people have bad days, so I gave her a 2nd opportunity to make it right and all she did was invalidate my concerns and talk to me like I was garbage.  I paid $200 for my hair to be ruined to the point where I had to get extensions to try and hide it.I would NEVER recommend this salon.  Esp, the Owner Chadda Rhu.  Not only is she a horrible hair dresser, her ways of communication are well.. non existant ! I have no idea how she has been in business this long with her skills or lack of !!
5	I bought a Groupon for a facial from Mimi. This was my first facial  and she was fantastic!!! My skin is glowing!!
5	Chadda is absolutely amazing! The salon is very convenient and the staff is very personable! I have recommended them to all of my family and friends. Totally worth the drive from southern highlands...
5	Went by today for a Brazilian wax and I absolutely loved Amy and her techniques. Her suite is really comfortable and relaxing and she's quite easy to hold a conversation with during the process. Waxing in general usually hurts but Amy was very gentle and she didn't use large strips. She finished in a timely manner and I was extremely pleased with the results. I will definitely be going back especially since her price is beyond reasonable!!
5	Great place for many services at this neighborhood  salon and spa....;men and women enjoy this friendly and very clean environment !Chadda and her staff are great!   So glad my friend recommend  Chadda to me!FF
5	I just started working here.. My name is Cyndi Bruening I'm hairstylist.. What a great place to do my business.. Chadda rhu is a great salon owner.. Plus all the staff are very friendly and helpful. It's so nice to work in a great salon like this.. Very clean and a happy place..
5	Amazing place! Very clean and friendly! Arielle cut my hair and I love it! I live like 30 mins away from this place but Shall be returning!
5	Lilly is simply AMAZING! Not only is she the sweetest, most caring person ever she also does a fantastic job with my hair. I've been with her for almost 10 years now and referred over 20 people! I live in San Diego and I make it a point to go back once every few months to see her. I would never think of going anywhere else! Her color techniques are amazing and so are her cuts! She takes her time, gives great suggestions, and is simply a perfectionist.
5	Stephanie Stock is the best hair stylist. I love her down to earth personality and have been going to her for 6 plus years. She listens and creates beauty in her work. She has helped my hair regain healthiness over the years and I refer her to all my friend and/or coworkers. I went in yesterday and asked for something new and a bit dramatic. Showed her a picture and she did amazing at making the changes that fit me. I love Stephanie. If you are in need of a hairstylist for life, she may be the one for you too....She rocks!!! Never a disappointment in my opinion.
1	The receptionist is rude. About a minute after I checked in another client came in and was offered water or coffee. Seems like she picks and chooses who to be friendly to.
5	Olivia Cheng is an amazing lady and extremely a professional hair stylist!  She expertly renders the best services  and always exceeds expectations with an agreeable personality! Olivia's experience is evident and I highly commend her as the best in the valley of southern Nevada!
5	Bridgett is awesome!!  Great hairstylest!!
5	Olivia is a great hairstylist!  She's been cutting my hair for seven years now. I couldn't be more happy with Olivia or the staff. They also do waxing, hair color, manicures and massage. ICON salon is worth checking out.
