1	Terrible experience with these guys. Specifically the loan processor Fabian. He made a mistake because he misunderstood something (not a big deal, happens to the best of us), but then he refused to return calls for days while he tried to figure out what to do. It was like he knew he messed up and didn't know what to do so he panicked and cut all communication. During that time he gave incorrect information to the people we were trying to purchase a house from which caused them to panic and ultimately pull of out the deal. The correct information was presented to him several times throughout the process and he just didn't seem to understand it. Granted, it was a bit of a complicated situation but that doesn't mean it shouldn't have been worked out. Fabian just did seem to understand very much nor give much effort into solving the problem. Overall I felt our experience with this company was very negative and unprofessional. I can't speak much for the rest of their team, just specifically their loan processor.
1	We had a very frustrating and disappointing experience with Nova Home Loans. Although we are very well qualified buyers, our loan processor seemed unable to understand our financial picture. We responded in a timely manner to all requests for information, even when that information was clearly unnecessary to the loan process, and cost us money out of pocket. Our loan processor was consistently unable to articulate what was needed, and worse, offered erroneous information to the seller's agent, a clear breach of ethics. When Nova Home Loans informed us, days before escrow was set to close, that they could not fund our loan, we went to our preferred lender in CA. Logix was able to fund our loan within 10 days. Unfortunately, that was too late for the sellers, and we lost the house. Very disappointing and inconvenient, to say the least. We were able to close on another home, but paid $20,000 more than originally planned, due to rapidly escalating home prices in the Phoenix area. Although some members of the team were courteous on the phone, we cannot recommend Nova Home Loans to anyone hoping to buy a home in the Phoenix area.
5	This is our second home loan, and Justin Oliver was amazing!!  I am a mother of 2 little ones, so preferred contact by email.  He responded to items within minutes with some of the best customer service I have experienced!  And not only did they pay our closing costs, but with the money left over, also paid a whole year of our HOA fees!  Couldn't be more happy with them!!!
5	Fantastic group of people! They helped me with a loan and were the most responsive group of mortgage folks I have ever worked with! They were so awesome that I moved in 2.5 weeks early. Thanks!
