5	How is it that no fellow yelper has been here? This place is rigoddamndiculously awesome. Such a wonderful atmosphere, top notch date night place. TRY THE SPECIALS, especially the calamari. Really, you must. They don't fry it, it's just fresh calamari grilled to moist perfection with a light oil drizzling on top. You haven't actually tasted calamari with all that battered crap... this is the real deal. It's definitely regional, most dishes served with fish. The service is warm and accommodating, and on the weekends, they have a freaking accordion player.Go, you'll really enjoy.
5	This is my new favorite place in Scottsdale!  (I know, I say that a lot when I try someplace new, but I just get so excited)Gary and I went here on Thursday to listen to some jazz, eat some Italian food, have a few drinks and dessert.  I want to go here every night!The food was incredible!  He didn't know what to get so I ordered for the both of us.  We had the Risotto with porcini mushrooms, fresh baby artichokes and parmigiano cheese and the Tagliatelle, homemade spinach infused egg noodle with veal and tomato sauce.Both dishes were out of this world, but the Tagliatelle was better, the sauce was rich and smooth.  The risotto was creamy and every bite was paired with a mushroom or artichoke. So the best part of this place was the atmosphere and the live jazz.  The lounge is a dark red with chocolate leather couches, low, low, low lighting.  Very Sexy.  Very Romantic. AND it was complete with a boy from Brooklyn as our server, Dennis. He lived in Bay Ridge!  I lived in Bay Ridge!  Awwww, Brooklyn!Gary had two martinis, I forget what kind, but it was sweet and tasty.  We also ordered creme brulee, and that was just okay. I mean, it was good, but the tops were caramelized and refrigerated.  We like ours done on the spot, right before it's served, so you can crack the top!Next time I try the tiramisu. They have live jazz 6 nights a week, how awesome is that! We will definitely be back!
5	Great "date" placeAwesome jazz/blues/lounge live music.Food is fannnnnnnnntasticI had the gnocchi with gorgonzola sauce, and the chocolate mousse dessert.... mmmmmmmI'd certainly go here first and foremost if I wanted to hear some good chill live music.
5	Wow - great live jazz venue.  Desperately needed in AZ and boy did they deliver!  Large yet intimate feeling club side was packed - yet manager found small stage-side seats for 2nd act and all but refused the tip for doing so (I insisted).  Food (appetizers and wine only  - will go back and provide more on this soon) was excellent.  Service was a bit "odd" on the restaurant side, but more from trying too hard and training newbies.I can't say enough about what a pleasant surprise this place was.  But be *sure* and make reservations for the club side.  Live music 5 days a week per the owner/singer (whose quite hot btw ;-)
2	I think people who don't know Italian food, enjoy this place. When I first read the menu I was really excited...it did seem like real Italian food and I was excited to try. But once all of our dishes were out and I had bites from each I was no longer excited. I had the Risotto which was actually fairly decently cooked but bland. One friend had the Gnocchi. The size of the Gnocchi were huge and way too potatoey and dry. The pesce di misto was ok but boring. And my friend who ordered the wild boar was not thrilled about it at all. And to top it all off, the waiter had to say something inappropriate to my friend about the cherry in her drink. They also sat us in a back room, where our table was one of those outside metal tables covered with a table cloth. Uncomfortable. So we were not impressed with dinner.On the lounge side where the Jazz was playing it looked like a great date place for the over 40 crowd and also if you are out cougar hunting. It was packed! The ladies voice was great but the songs were not so great.  Maybe my mom and dad would enjoy this place more than I would......
4	People could not be more friendly.  Owner from Long Island and it was a plus chatting with him.  The meals were above average and so were the prices.  Would eat here again with no problem.
3	My fiance requested my presence at Voce last Tuesday night for a late dinner and entertainment from the Bad Sneakers band.I'd never heard of it before, nor had I ever been in the shopping center that it's located in.  Not the case for many 'regulars' there.  It was packed when we arrived!  FYI - they charge a $10 per person cover for their live music, so be prepared for that and you may also want to go early if you're planning a night at Voce to get a decent seat.  It was a fairly large menu - we had a tough time deciding what to order.  At our waitress's suggestion, we went with an order of the rigatoni with sausage and peas and a pizza la rustica.  Pasta was was great; pizza just decent.  Add wine and your meal can get pricey... $65 + tip for our date night.Check it out for their live music and intimate dining experience - it's not going to be a regular stop in the rotation, but I'd for sure return - especially for Bad Sneakers on a given Tuesday night.
4	Great place for a romantic evening, though I had gone with some friends.  I really enjoyed the music, and the staff was terrifically accommodating and friendly.  However, it was REALLY dark, and the location of the bar (at the back of the room) made it difficult to see the stage (at the front of the room).  But I would go again, if only to enjoy the music of Khani Cole.
4	All of us crave great live music at some point, right? If not...I feel there is something wrong with you. Yes, I can be judgemental at times. Voce is a haven for amazing live music. The likes of George Benson, Marion Meadows and Rachel Eckroth frequent Voce. From the outside, this place is very unassuming. It is located in a shopping center, right next to a bank. Yes, wtf is what I asked myself as well. Just outside, a lovely patio complete with a fountain welcomes you. Inside, the venue is perfect for live music. A small stage, nice decor and darkness with lights pointing to the stage....hmm...like waiting for a miracle to happen...And it does. The sounds of drums, bass and keyboards drown the talking and laughing from the crowd. I look around and see people swaying to the sounds, eyes closed, taking in the moment. Yes, we are still in Arizona. And you have just landed at the best kept secret in the valley..P.S. Minus one star for the restaurant side, as the service is sub-par and the food is not worth the money. The lounge side is almost like its own place..
4	We stopped in here Saturday night about 10 PM.  We were lucky to get one of the back tables by the bar that had leather couch seating.The dark, sexy atmosphere is great.  Khani Cole and her band always put on a nice performance.I tried the tiramisu and it was very good.It's nice to have a place like this relatively close to home.
2	Kelley from San Fransisco took the words right out of my mouth. The food is definitely for people who haven't a clue what Italian food is all about. I am going to start off with what was good. I thought the bread was great, and a good idea to make the bread almost pizza like with the sauce on top. We both had Insalatina Misto (salads) and that was pretty good with a nice balsamic dressing. However, I found the actual meals greatly disappointing. Are they cooking for low sodium diets here? I could not understand the lack of salt or none in these dishes. First of all, I don't mind salt. I don't want it to taste like the ocean, but to not put in any? That was questionable to me. I ordered  Farfalle Pollo, which was described as a light tomato cream sauce, peas, onions and mushrooms. There was no taste. No salt, garlic or even pepper. It tasted like watery tomatoes and flavorless chicken. I also had half of the Gnocchi, which included proscuitto, peas, and onions. This was only a little better. If it was not for the proscuitto it would have been flavorless. They also offered no grated parm or coarse black pepper. I have to say, I have yet to find a good Italian restaurant here. I am definitely used to East Coast Italian, and Rhode Island knows its pasta.  I also want to point out, whoever deemed this restaurant "dressy" maybe might have wanted to specify to dress up if your going to participate in the nightlife aspect of this restaurant. I had a dress on and my husband had his khakis and a nice button down shirt. I saw people in their touristy  shorts, Hawaiian shirts, and those awful Teva-sneaker-velcro sandals.   I would not waste my money on another meal here. I most likely would go back for the band or drinks. The decor is great, I definitely think it is one of those places that has a nice aura of mystery, and seductive red walls. I hate to be nasty, but  paying $$$ is a lot of money to waste on mediocrity. Some of the Scottsdalian restaurants here thrive on this beautiful expensive decor, but they have yet to invest in a decent chef.
4	Great atmosphere and solid music line-up.  Saw one of the best shows I've ever seen here (Steve Gadd and Friends).  They make an effort to bring in high quality music.  Only eaten in the lounge but it's been good every time!
4	great musicgreat foodgreat hostswhat more needs to said
4	They have been closed for six months now. Keep promising to reopen but lately their web site, www.voceaz.com, is showing they have not paid their web hosting fees. Sad to see it go but I think it is gone.
