3	A place with a really similar menu to the venerable HK Star. They fail to execute the dishes as eloquently and inexpensively as HK Star. Located across the street from Ichiza and right next to (Pho) Kinh Do! I came here with a tougher critic than me believe it or not, my Mom on a Sunday evening. No one else was in here, not a good sign.@ Soup - Included in the meal. Was good, on par with the stuff at HK Star.@ Shrimp Tofu - The tofu was good. I saw the shrimp, but couldn't really taste the shrimp at all since it was overpowered by the tofu. Just get the regular tofu next time.@ Sizzling Beef - This came out sizzling on a plate. While this was a good item, it was sauced fairly heavy and a little more on the salty side. Food Express got this dish right.@ Bi Fung Tong Seabass - My favorite dish at HK Star. Even though HK Star uses frozen seabass in their dish, this place doesn't taste as fresh as them. It just lacks the spicy kick that HK Star offers. Not a bad dish overall, but could be a lot better.@ Roast Duck - This duck was so bad, I recommend going to Sam Woo to get your ducks, and I recommend against going to Sam Woo entirely in the past! In all fairness, HK Star has fairly bad reviews on their duck as well. It lacked the nice crispy skin and firm meat that makes duck so unhealthy to eat, but oh so good.@ Thai Ice Tea - It was whatever. I've tasted much better stuff before. @ Carrot Desert - It was a carrot dessert soup. I was full, so I opted out of it. It is included in the meal. Lobster is $10 a pound, $1.12 more than HK Star. Across the board, everything is about the same or a couple of bucks more than HK Star, but nothing too terribly expensive. They also have a $5 and $6 lunch special menu like HK Star. This place seems to have a wide selection of ChaoZhou dishes. Upon further research, this type of cuisine tends to have healthier seafood and veggie dishes than other Chinese cuisine. They tend to go less on flavoring, letting the ingredients speak for themselves. A similar philosophy to Japanese food. Whether this place actually follows this philosophy, I can't confirm.This place is fairly new, having been here for 5 months. This place is NOT related to HK Star in anyway, despite the similar menu and name. The inside feels cheap with all the fans in there. But the best chinese restaurants are notorious for not looking nice inside!Service is really iffy. In terms of getting food out, they're not as fast as HK Star. Since its only a couple of mintues slower, its still reasonable for the dishes. The waitress there speaks mainly Chinese and very little English, so there may be language barriers to those who only speak English. They have 2 promotions where  if you spend $38+ you get a free vermicilli dish and if you spend $55+ you get a free ~1.5lb crab. This was cool and all, but the waitress could have just answered my question of how much I needed to spend to get to $38. She was asking me if I wanted soda or thai ice tea, implying it was free. I got charged for it. When I asked her about, she says oh, its to get you to $38 to get a free item. Just tell me that I need like $3 more to get there and I'll pick my own item. Uncool to do it in a sneaky way like that. I was able to get a duck instead of the vermicilli dish with a little social engineering.  I only came here because I'm a food whore and I like to check out my other options, despite HK Star being very good to me. I guess I'll be put my head in shame as I walk back into HK Star to ask forgiveness.You would only come here if you factor out HK Star or wanted ChaoZhou dishes. HK Star is better than this place in every way, price, taste, and service. The only thing this has over HK Star is its more tourist/ East-side friendly since its closer to the strip and open till 3am for our late night eaters. Not Chinese Mom approved.
4	Wow....T.T. is good.  I love the review.  I've only been at HK Star once and I did enjoy their food but tonight was about HK Seafood Garden.I rated this place higher because of the friendly waitress and staff and also their good food.  I was with great company so...that helped them get the four stars also.  :opThis month's special was the fried flounder.  It was very crispy and moist in the inside.  That baby was gone right away.  It was delicious.The place was clean.  There were ample people in the restaurant when we got there and slowly people started coming in.  Overall the service was great, the place was clean and the food was tasteful.  I recommend.
3	Pretty good value for tasty food, but service was really poor. They forgot to give us napkins and gave us the wrong dish.
3	We went here for our engagement dinner with our family. It was BUSY for a Wednesday night and parking...well let's just say there isn't that many parking spaces available. For a party of 13, we were stuck in the corner closest to the door. Every time someone opened the door a gust of cold air would come in or the smell of cigarette smoke. YUCK! This was when it was raining for a couple days straight. Luckily, my brothers and sister are tiny, because putting them 4 in the chairs closest to the wall worked out. No average size adult would be able to fit....yes that is how crammed we were. In typical Chinese fashion, there was Lobster, Red Trout, Fried Flounder, Chicken, Beef and a lot of veggies. I felt that everything was just ok. Nothing too special and they had messed up one of the kids orders. I believe my Grandma liked it for the most part and that's all that mattered to me. Overall, I do prefer other places, but I won't be against coming back here again as long as I'm not sitting next to the door when its freezing outside.
3	HK Star is way better than this! Fried pork was more like soggy pork!  Just look at the oily photo attached!
4	Our cab driver suggested this eatery as cheap and tasty and off the beaten (read: tourist) track. Wasn't disappointed. We had the orange beef and the kung pao chicken and couldn't finish the massive portions. They also afforded us a pot of complimentary green tea and a huge big bowl of pork and lotus flower root soup which was an unexpected pleasure!! And were nice enough to call us a cab when we were ready to leave.Minus one star for having only one beer (heineken). Would liked to have supped on something a little more asian. Still, worth the visit... And cheap as chips!!
3	Ok.. Here I go..I want to like this place, so much that I tired it three times. Is so close to my house and open late that this would be the ideal place for me to get my  refills of my addiction of fried rice, they also have reverse happy hour and just in time for when I get off from work late at night. The service is good they're nice and attentive but I'm not here to eat the help, the problem is, that this fried rice does not satisfy my cravings, it needs something to give it more flavor every time I get home with my to go orders I have to add some Del Scorcho taco sauce, tapatio or whatever I find to give it more flavor but end up with Komex instead, the pan fried squid is too greasy and the tofu seafood soup too bland. Too bad that I have to leave China and head to the Sahara for good Chinese fried rice. I know I'll try again someday, is so closeTo my house, is hard to resist, hope next time they add some secret ingredient or some coke or something to the fried rice to make it memorable and make me come back, or at least add some MSG.
4	I love having lunch at 10pm. Who doesn't?Tony T let us in on a little secret. They have a reverse happy hour, which basically means you can order off the lunch menu at night. I think it's 10pm until close. Apparently, a few places in the area do that. But this is the first I've heard of such madness.The food was all good. Or maybe we were all just uber hungry from our four-hour alternative fitness session.Hong Kong style pan-fried noodle. Pork spare ribs. Salty fish hot pot. Salt and pepper fried shrimp. Hot and sour soup. Beef chow fun. All that fed the five of us for a measly $40 with tax.I now know where to go for late night cheap eats. Even if my Chinese is a little rusty. And by rusty, I mean non-existent.
5	Well I came here with pretty low expectations since most Chinese places in LV was disappointing but everything I got here was just so good!  Its cheap and affordable, fast and service was on top of things.  We ordered an extra entree to go back to the hotel with.  Had the fish fillet with veggies, beef ho fun, crab and fish maw soup, and also the westlake minced beef soup.  They also offer complimentary dessert soup that was tasty.  I will happily go back the next time I am in town.
4	Past 10pm?  Looking for some cheap food that isn't fast?  From 10pm - closing, you can order off of their lunch menu, where the most expensive item was only $7.50.  When we were initially seated, we were given the regular dinner menus and had to ask for the lunch menu, so be sure to do the same.Our group of five ordered six dishes, totaling $52, and we had left overs!  Salt and pepper shrimp, ribs, chicken wings, hot and sour soup, an eggplant tofu dish, and a noodle dish.  All were delicious and came in generous portions.  Be sure to have friends with you if you're ordering more than one dish!  For any late night dining needs, this is truly one of the better deals I've come across.
3	Definitely 3 stars for this place because everything seems just average and no disappointment or great impression whatsoever.  Foods are alright; nothing spectacular.  Service is just A-OK as in the typical Chinatown style from which one should not expect too much.  Decors? hmmm....very minimal.  What I have enjoyed a lot is the appetizer platter; the Teochow appetizers including the slow cooked pork intestine, tofu, peanuts, etc. are made authentic and soooooo yummy! Their special marinate (soy sauce) is so tasty!
4	Not that I hit the nightlife much nowadays, but if my partying cuts short before 3AM (when they close) then I'm for sure making my way to HK Seafood Garden!Nelson & Sylvia Q. tipped us in on the secret reverse happy hour. You won't see it advertised and they sure as heck won't tell you about it. But after 10pm, you can order off the lunch menu. When our group of 5 was seated, they handed us the dinner menus. After inquiring about the lunch menus, I discovered the lunch menu is the dinner menu at lunch prices. Specifically, cheap lunch prices. Dinner entrees wavered around $12-15 and nothing on the lunch menu was over $7.50. Step aside Pho Kim Long, HK Seafood is officially my new spot for post-drink eats.My Chinese of preference is Yunnan / Sichuan style but HK Seafood makes some of the Hong-Kong style classics amazingly. The salt & pepper shrimp, ribs, and chicken wings are awesome. The shrimp are pretty large and fried head-on. We also ordered a hot & sour soup, eggplant w/ tofu pot (my favorite!), and HK-style seafood chow mein. *yum*
5	Lobster Cantonese fabulous. Great service and friendly atmosphere loved every minute!!!!!!!!!
4	Not bad, Not bad at all. Late night Special Review: For you late night diners like me, you appreciate places that open late. Here's a tip, After 10pm ask for the Lunch Menu. Its a special they have after 10pm you can order anything off the lunch menu, which is exactly like the dinner menu except for half the price. Dinner entree's range from $12-15 but off the lunch menu after 10pm everything's about $7.50.Food:So if your eating Chinese its always accustom to share, My friend Yuhi & I after an intense work out decided to ruin it by eating greasy Chinese food (Why not LOL). Egg Plant and Tofu: Super hearty, the fried tofu was crispy on the outside and fluffy in the inside. The eqq plant was juicy and soft. Glad the skin of the eqq plant didn't feel like plastic. It practically melted in your mouth.Sweet and Sour Pork Ribs:I'm a die heart fan of Chinese pork ribs, not just any old sweet and sour pork. I special ordered it as pork ribs. The cooked pork with the in bone ribs adds a smokey flavor the the sweet and sour and just brings the flavors together in a sticky sweet and sour sauce. They garnish the place with big chunks of green pepper. onions and with a twist pineapples. Good Food for a Good Price :) I'll be back.
4	Came by here for the second time late last nite after a night of a bit of First Friday Fremont Street hi-jinx with some of the co-workers and needed something to handle that buzz. Decor is on par with the typical Chinese restaurant standard with crustacean and fish tank on the right side -- to emphasize that it is in fact a Seafood Garden.Jokes aside, I'd bypass the Pho Kim Long and head here for the cheap Chinese eats, with less grease than that other late night Chinese spot directly across the street whose name escapes me (below Ichiza). Me and my GF picked up 3 pretty decent vegetarian friendly dishes: fried rice, spicy eggplant tofu and vegetarian delight -- clocking in under $25. First time around as a pre-Las Vegetarian I recall ordering plenty of meat and seafood dishes with a few other heavy hitting Yelpers. This is where HK Seafood Garden shines. Its one of those places for you and a gang of folks to order some Chinese food favorites, chow down, share some laughs while recapping your night of debauchery and bounce. Throw in a "reverse happy hour" - which includes anything in their lunch menu and you have a great place to take care of your lil head change.
4	so far this place is really good...better than most chinese restaurants we go too...the service needs more work but I LOVE their salt & pepper shrimp...so crunchy and YUMMY!!!
2	I shall preface this by saying I'm a vegetarian, which is the reason for such a poor star rating. If you're a meat eater, disregard my review. You might think I'm a jerk for giving a bad review of a place with the word "seafood" in the name, because of their lack of veggie options. But I have my reasons.We hit up this spot in desperation as we were looking for early morning Chinese. Props for being open 24 hours a day. Your tea was fine and your rice was well cooked, but that's all the positivity I can force out for this business.The majority of Chinese restaurants I've gone to all over this country have been able to competently accommodate vegetarians. Not only were options limited, but the waiter genuinely seemed to not want to offer alternatives.You don't have veggie egg rolls? You can't make veggie egg rolls?You can't conjure some fried wonton shells?You don't offer fried rice without egg?We asked if there were a number of simple accommodations that could be made and the waiter replied "no no" before we'd even finished asking the questions. He just seemed to be pretty anti-vegetarian.On the flip side, my friends really enjoyed their beef dish and spicy chicken rice. But I sure as hell won't be back.
4	Just like everyone else is saying, this is a great place to eat late!You get to order off the lunch menu after 10pm!  You HAVE to ask for the "late night specials" though, and they will hand you a lunch menu instead.  Most of the prices are under $7.50 for great food and portions :)First up, the Salt and Pepper Shrimp ($7.50 HH). Great S&P Shrimp! Maybe a tiny bit overcooked, since the shells were a little difficult, but very tasty and good portion for the price.  Hit the spot :PAlso tried the Shredded Pork with Garlic Sauce ($7.50 HH). Great garlic flavor with tender pieces of lean pork! I meant to save half of this to take home, but I seriously couldn't stop eating it!! It's been a while since I couldn't hold back lolGreat food, great portions, and great prices.  Easy 4 star review!  I am sure I will be back, and if anything blows my mind, I might just bump up the review!Pics :
5	I love coming to HK Seafood for tasty Asian food at a great price. Their lunch menu has dozens of noodle dishes, meat, and vegetable plates all under $8. I recommend the Chicken Crispy Noodle ($5) for anyone wanting to try something different from the average chowmein. The Salt & Pepper Pork Chops ($6) never fail to please either. Complimentary tea, lunch menu available at all hours, and free dessert late night make HK Seafood one of my go-to spots for Asian dining.
5	Really good place, friendly service, good Chinese food. I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys Chinese food. Their Thai tea is good as well, and I love the beef with Chinese broccoli. The place is pretty big, there's a lot of tourists who come here so it does get pretty packed sometimes. The manager is really polite and funny, the place is children friendly as well. Great food!!
4	One of the best place to have lunch. A lot of good items for $5.50 - $7.50 each. Good portion as well. Makes me wonder why I still spend my lunch money somewhere else. And, thanks for Yelp, now I know that they also have a late night special.
4	Def come during lunch and ask for the lunch menu. Dinner menu a little pricey. Salt and pepper pork chops were excellent. Beef stew curry tasted like beef stew... Not a huge fan of beef stew in the first place but tried the stew off someone's plate.
3	This is our go-to Asian restaurant in Las Vegas.  I've been here many times, but only one dish really stands out to me: pepper and salt shrimp.  They do a really nice job getting a nice crispiness on the shrimp and flavor it well.  I could eat that stuff all day.
1	This place is terrible! The prices for the lunch specials are about $7.50 instead of what the pictures show. I ordered the Beef in Oyster sauce and it not only took forever to come out but it was so salty it was almost inedible. If I hadn't gone all the way back to my hotel before eating I would have taken it back. The amount of food I got wasn't a good value at this price either, if I would have paid the $5.50 it would have been a little less mad. They also acted like they didn't want to take my cash since it was such a big hassle. For me to have to wait over 10 minutes for one dish when the restaurant wasn't even that packed is ridiculous. Fortunately there are a whole bunch of other restaurants around here because I will not be coming back!
4	This is going to be my new late night spot! (and maybe lunch spot too!) After 10 PM you can order off the lunch specials menu, which means you can choose from 69 items priced between $5.50 and $7.50! Seriously, it's not a joke...I actually thought it was when Nelson Q first told me about it so I had to come check it out for myself.We ordered a bunch of dishes for our table full of Yelpers, including: sweet and sour spareribs, chicken wings, sacha beef and vermicelli pot, XO spring beans, a couple of noodle dishes. All of our dishes were tasty and flavorful and I downed multiple bowls of rice along with them. The dishes are served in family style portions as you would expect with a standard Chinese restaurant, which means we had leftovers that we turned into a mix plate.Service here was mediocre, but given that it's a traditional Chinese restaurant, you shouldn't come here expecting great service anyways. It was late when we arrived (around 11 PM) and it seemed like they were in a hurry to get us to order even though we were waiting for others to arrive. Wonder why that was because they're open super late as far as I know...Overall the food was great and we left extremely full and happy. I will definitely be back soon.
1	The good: lunch specials after 10pm and the food tasted ok.  Nothing that knocked my socks off, but also no major flavor problems.The bad: for those of you who play Cards Against Humanity it's time to play the fiery poops card.  Seriously, bad stuff and I'll leave it at that.  But, if the stomach discomfort wasn't bad enough the ladies bathroom is 1) disgusting with a barely functional toilet and 2) like something out of a horror flick with burned out light bulbs and inadequate light to see without using my cell phone flash light.  Since their public customer areas are not kept in good condition, I'm certain their kitchen is probably maintained about the same.  In retrospect, it is no surprise we were treated to a double dose of germs and contaminants.
4	Friendly staff and good basic chinese food.  They have a big menu with a huge variety so be prepared to look at all their menus and specials.
5	Since January I've been here at least 4 times because one dish is perfect for my diet.5-Stars for:- The cheap and huge selection from their Lunch Specials menu is also served late at night (I eat there around 1 am).  They're open 11 am - 6 am so perfect for a nocturnal schedule.- I always get the Lunch Special #68 (it's a hot claypot tofu seafood + pork combo) for $7.50.  It comes with white rice which I decline because I'm on the Paleo diet.- The meal also comes with free (Chinese pot of) hot tea, which I forego and instead get/drink just ice water.- With tax it comes out to $8.11 + tip so I'm paying total $10 for a tasty, hot claypot of pork and shrimp/fish/tofu/mushrooms/squid (or octopus).  I like tofu and they make theirs really well.
5	Great Chinese restaurant. Best in Las Vegas!!!!!!!!!! Also have cheap lunch special and dinner special after 9pm 7 days a week.
5	Great services and great fresh seafood! The owner were super nice and friendly to all the patrons, which i don't see often at other Chinese restaurants. The food was really good and fresh, i loaded tons of pics, you can sure tell, highly recommended!
5	I went there twice last year when I visited Vegas. I have to say it's the best Cantonese food ever! Good service!
3	Tried this place for the first time today and I thought it was ok. I usually give good reviews for good food but in this case it was the service that brought it down. Overall the food was pretty good. We had Shrimp with Lobster Sauce and Chicken Chow Mein. In regards to the service, once we were seated it took at least 10 min for someone to take our order. Halfway through waiting I even looked around to find someone but none of the staff was around as if everyone had went home! Pretty ridiculous. The food came out in decent time but after waiting for service I was pretty much done. At least the food was good so I may be back but there are much better places to go to with good food AND good service so we'll see.
4	This is the spot for lunch specials and late night specials. I didn't catch until when is the lunch special offered, but at night they let you order the lunch specials after 10pm. The menu is quite large and all under $7.50. I've never been as it doesnt really stand out outside and is in a shopping center that's easy to drive by and not know what was in there. I came with a group of friends who have been here for late night eats after going to 2nd Chance Prom. We ordered family style - Crispy noodles with seafood - the noodles and veggies were good, but I found the calamari a bit fishy. Eggplant and tofu with garlic sauce hot pot - this had great flavor and liked how the tofu surface soaked up the sauce quite a bitGeneral Chicken - this was actually really tasty. It was prepared in a way that reminds me more of sweet and pungent than most places Tso's and has a nice light crisp to it. Salt and Pepper Shrimp - these were cooked to a crisp to where you can eat the shell and all. I can eat a lot of these. Greens steamed with garlic - simple but good. Gotta have some veggies. It fed 5 people well for under $50 - not bad! I did appreciate that items weren't as greasy as some other Chinese spots open late. It's no frills, quick and cheap food that's pretty decent. If you're looking for a cheap lunch or late night meal then try out this spot. I will be back!
4	Located next door to pho kinh do in the Arville Square shopping center. The value they give you here late at night is incredible. Being able to order from the lunch menu after 10 pm is a clear selling point for me. $7.50 or less for each dish, plus they give generous sharing sized portions is unheard of and an extreme bargain!Ok, so maybe we ordered a little too much for the both of us. But, we honestly didn't expect the portions to be so generous! Next time, one item and possibly an appetizer or soup would be more than enough. Here's what we ordered:General Chow's chicken $7.50 (flavor rating 4/5)Hong Kong style crispy noodles $7.50 (flavor rating 3/5)Eggplant with garlic sauce pot $7.50 (flavor rating 3/5)Veggie egg rolls $5.50 (flavor rating 2/5)Out of everything we ordered, the General Chow's chicken was the most flavorful. The rest of the dishes we're sort of lacking seasoning and flavor. They were not excellent and they were not disgusting, I would say they were average. The value and the amount of food they give you is the reason to keep coming back! Have I mentioned, I love this city?
5	Phenomenal! Hot & sour soup I dream of and honey shrimp beyond my best dreams!!!  My Chinese friend loves the BBQ pork fried rice, Mongolian beef and salt & pepper pork.
4	Really good traditional Chinese food! A lot of varieties and I highly recommend brining your family here for a gathering for special events
1	Usually love this place until the last time we were there, all the fish were dead or dying in the fish tank display.....very turned off.
4	The salt and pepper shrimp were delicious.  The shrimp were about the most tender I've ever had in that dish.  The egg rolls were OK, but nothing special.  The hot and sour soup was OK, but would have benefited from more "sour". The vinegar had been largely cooked out.  Service was fine.  I'd eat there again.
5	This is my favorite Chinese restaurant in Vegas, at least so far. Open seriously late (6AM), with seriously good late night lunch specials, there's really no reason to go elsewhere. The prices are great, and the food has ALWAYS been high quality. Things my boyfriend and I have had, that I can think of off the top of my head, Minced Salty Fish and Tofu Hot Pot, Minced Salted Fish and Eggplant Hot Pot, Mongolian Beef, Orange Beef, and Wonton Soup. All very good, with the Wonton Soup being one of the best I've ever had anywhere.Service is ok, but don't expect it to be fast here, at least not at night when there's only one waiter. They're always friendly. though.
1	Ladies bathroom disgusting. Utensils and dishes given to us were pulled out from the dishwasher in midwash still covered in a film of oil and some food particles.  Asked the server to exchange them and came back with "new" utensils that were in the same condition.  Found a hair in my food.  Ok I'm Chinese and I know all the really good Chinese food places are not always the best in sanitation.  At least keep your damn dishes clean!  Customers notice this stuff and they'll start looking for more flaws.  So gross.  Never coming back.
4	This place has great service for a Chinese restaurant.  The portion was very good and so was the food. For the best value, go for the lunch or late night special.
4	Hong Kong style authentic Chinese food not for the PF Chang crowd.  Seafood dishes are the best.  Try the scallop-fried rice.  The mushroom/filet dish and hot pots are gr8.  Lobster could be cracked out of shell b4 being served.  Hard to eat w/chopsticks.  Service is quick and attentive.  One of the best Chinese restaurants in town.
3	This should be 3 1/2 stars.....i found it not good enough for 4 according to my standards. The place is nice the food was pretty descent, not great. The server couldnt describe any of the sauces which made it difficult to decide what to order...they have a massive menu. Im not critiquing there service in any way....but solely on their food. We ordered the scallops in sechuan sauce and creamy shrimp with walnuts. First the scallop dish...i thought the flavors were ok. The dish was really spicy which i like...i wish it was seasoned a little better because i found it a little bland. But thats just my preference. The big negative about this dish were the scallops themselves. They were really rubbery and overcooked. Next were the creamy shrimp with walnuts...im still not sure what i think about this dish. Nice size rockshrimp battered and fried with a mayonnaise based sauce and slighly candied walnuts on a bed of shredded ice burg lettuce. the sauce is confusing to me. The flavors were ok except that i kept tasting mayo...im not saying it was bad but it was a weird combination of mayo shrimp and white rice. All in all i would go back to try some other dishes. because there was so much on the menu i was overwhelmed...btw service was good.
1	The food was ok. Not the type of food that you would die to have again. The waiter couldn't describe any of the dishes which made it hard for us to order. We love trying new food places especially if the food is good.  Service is a big key for us. You can have outstanding food, but if your service sucks we're never coming back. Yup, the service sucked. We had to ask three different times for refills and when we asked for refills we received our response with an attitude. The waiter gave us our water by saying here and shoving it in our face, RUDE!!!!I wouldn't suggest this place to any of my friends. First impressions everything to us. This is just my experience, my opinion and how I felt. Aloha & hopefully others will have a better experience.
4	A friend told me to check out the Chinese restaurant in China Town.  You know, the one on Spring Mountain.  It's in that strip mall with the Vietnamese place--the one by the Asian Massage Parlor.   The white folks I know seem to be pretty divided on whether it's a good thing or a bad thing when the vast majority of the patrons of a restaurant order food in a language other than English.  One camp argues that the food is more authentic in these establishments.  The other group is downright scared.  With that in mind, some of my friends would be terrified...but don't worry... HK Seafood Garden has a welcoming staff, they serve several American friendly dishes such as Sweet and Sour Chicken, and they'll even offer you a fork if you seem out of place.I recently came in with a group that ordered entirely in Chinese.  That happens often with me these days...the best part was that one of individuals from our table took it upon themselves to walk back to the kitchen, check the cleanliness, and later returned after we ordered to let the chef know not to mess up our order.  If you ask for it, they will bring out house soup for your table.  HK has one of the better versions of this soup that I've tried.I've enjoyed most of what I've shared here a great deal.  Some of my favorites include:Scallops with string beans in spicy xo sauce!Ong Choy w/ Bean CurdHouse Special Stir Fried Thick NoodleChaoZhou ShrimpWhole Fried FishDried Scallop & Mushroom w/ Snow Pea LeafThe group agreed that this is one of the best places in Vegas
