5	Right in Cotswold and easy in-and-out.  An elegant, small private studio where owner / operator Ginger Moss uses the Infinity Sun tanning system to give you a perfect sunless spray tan.  Kind of like airbrushing, and the color, depth and details (abs anyone?) are personalized for you by Ginger.  Best of all, the product is all-natural, plant based, and doesn't really smell!  Plus, she has glo minerals makeup for sale and for app and the sunniest, cutest costume jewelry in town.Love Ginger, Love the GLOW.
5	I went to Glow Charlotte from just an online search & there were a few other locations with similar products & prices but they did not have great reviews so I called & when Ginger answered the phone I instantly felt confident with her services. When I went to the salon, she was more than welcoming & asked questions I hadn't even thought of that really personalized my experience & my tan. She made me feel extremely comfortable since I decided to do my airbrush completely nude. Ginger was just the right amount of personable while doing my tan-without leaving me bored & awkward but not talking too much. Now, for my tan-it came out absolutely PERFECT! I love the color so much & the evenness is outstanding. I left with great advice & I even called back an hour later to ask a question & Ginger was right there with the answer. I can't wait to go back! Everyone should try Glow Charlotte for their custom airbrush tan! :)
5	AMAZING TAN! Hands down best in Charlotte. I'm a frequent spray tanner, and recently moved to Charlotte in July. I tried every salon I researched (at least seven salons from Uptown to South Charlotte) Glow was BY FAR the best. I spray every two weeks--a light natural glow in the fall/winter and a dark natural looking tan over the summer. After abusing tanning beds and now trying to "fix" my sun damage I only spray tan. The solution they use at Glow has the least smell I've ever used, I've been spray tanned from LA to Nashville and Glow Charlotte is the best I've ever had. Can't say enough good things about this place! The owner Ginger and her assistant Ashley are both super nice and knowledgeable about the tan. I've been out on the lake/beach after a spray and felt great about my color where some tans I've felt streaky or orange but never from Glow--they are perfectionists and the solution is the best.More positives: Convienent location/ appoinments can be made early in the day or late afternoon (great hours for trying to make an appoitment after work!) Ginger has beautiful jewlery and awesome make up that makes your skin look great. You will immediately feel welcome and comfortable when you walk in the door. It's a beautifuly laid out boutiqe style tanning location.
5	I was in town for my sisters wedding and decided to try an airbrush tan only 3 days before the wedding. I'm so glad someone working called me back within a couple hours so I could get in that same day!I didn't do any prep work (exfoliating) and so I'm sure my tan would have lasted longer if I had. I think the half body tan was a great deal!  I was in a long bridesmaid dress so I didn't need my legs. I looked tan but not too dark for the wedding!  Thank you for a great tan!
