2	I stayed here last week for 5 days. I got a discount from Expedia and paid $58 a night with the free breakfast included. Had I paid the full rate I would have been greatly disappointed. For what we paid, it was ok. The staff was great except for this one very rude blonde lady, but besides that the rest of the staff was great. The problem with this place is the size of the rooms, super tiny, our window didn't open at all and they have heavy duty "air fresheners" in the hallway that knock you out with their strong smell. I was literally wheezing from the use of the "air fresheners". It would have been ok if the windows opened but they don't open at all!! Not sure I would stay again unless it was for a night or 2.
3	I stayed here for two nights earlier this week and found it very satisfactory. The location is the primary draw--it's just a few blocks from the old town area, and within walking distance of all kinds of things to do and eat. Two drawbacks: No parking and no elevator. There's a reasonably-priced parking garage about two blocks away, and luckily my room was only on the second floor. But that can be rough at the end of a long travel day.Other reviewers mentioned the thin walls; yes, they are thin, and you can hear the housekeeping staff when they go to work on the floors above, if not the voices or TV sets of your neighbors (I was lucky enough not to have crazy loud shagging neighbors). But I live in the Village. I'm used to that and can sleep through almost anything. Since it's a boutique hotel, it kind of harkens back to an earlier era. The TV was absolutely miniscule, and there was no clock, which was a little weird. But I got a great deal through Hotwire, and I absolutely got my money's worth. I'd recommend it to anyone who wants to leave the car for the duration of their stay and just explore the city on foot or public transportation.
3	I've stayed at this hotel three times, various seasons, varying number of days. This latest time we got a 3rd night free, but no free breakfast.  No biggie.  Although the breakfast is generally good, and $10 for bottomless coffee, juice, full bacon or sausage and eggs and toast and fresh fruit is a good price, that same price for a bowl of cereal or bagel is not.The rooms are a bit of a hell hole.  Terrible decor, tiny, either too cold or too hot.  But both the bathroom and bedroom are clean, and since we prefer to save on hotel and splurge on other things, this works out.The location is superb; parking garage nearby, metro stations within easy distance, slightly off the more touristic  and noisy vieux port area.
3	Try to find another place in old Montreal for the price. If you find one, please let me know.  What I want from a hotel is a clean bed and clean bath, which is what was delivered.  It's small.  That's ok for me.  No elevator, we travel light.  If you want a cheap place that is a short walk to old Montreal, this is good.  Yes, the walls are thin and the decor is from the 1930's but that doesn't matter to me. Wifi in the lobby only was a drag, but again not a big deal.  You can spend more and get more, but I'd rather spend my vacation money on other things. A clean room is ok with me.
5	Pros:priced well, professional staff, located in Old MontrealCons:small rooms, WiFi in lobby onlyIf you plan on spending a lot of time in your hotel room then it may not be your best betl, but for me it was great. It was cozy and was exactly what I wanted, a place to sleep and shower before going out and exploring the city of Montreal!The hotel features a quaint little restaurant with a breakfast menu and a lunch/dinner menu but I would recommend going out for food rather than eating there. The food was great but the selection is weak and there are certainly a lot of great restaurants nearby. There's no shame in making use of the hotel's full bar though.I stayed on the third floor and I still got enough WiFi reception to use messaging and facebook. If you are in more need of WiFi see if you can get a room on a lower floor.The friendly and professional staff, the old-timey feel, and the proximity to Old Montreal all made the experience really enjoyable. I would gladly stay there again.
2	My wife and I stayed here for only one night on our way back through from Quebec.  As mentioned in other reviews, it has very small rooms without an elevator.  The woman working the front desk was extremely nice and actually changed our room from a higher floor to the first floor because she saw that my wife is pregnant.  As a reminder, this hotel does not have an elevator, and my wife REALLY appreciated the change.The rooms are small and a bit dingy with haphazard "decor".  Really old bedding and mattresses.  The room we were changed to had a twin and a queen, but we actually ended up on the twin because the queen squeaked and sagged more than bieber.  The TV was tiny as well.  No complaints about the thickness of the walls, but the hotel seemed pretty empty based on the number of keys still hanging by the front desk.Overall, not totally unpleasant.  This place is essentially a hostel and will give you shelter.  If you get a great deal online, it is worth it if all you are looking for is a quazi-comfortable place to sleep.
4	The hotel us quaint, just don't expect the Ritz.  Plus no elevator, all rooms are 2nd floor and up.  The staff is tres friendly, and the attached cafe is quaint and is perfect for a glass of vin rouge before bed or a full euro style breakfast.  Remember prices exclude tax and service, so my $10 is $10 food + $3 tip/service and $1.5 tax, totaling $14.50.  Strange we Americans are used to tipping, but it's included here.  Rooms are very old school Montreal/Paris.  Close to the docks for the cruises and the "gay ghetto" for nightlife.  It's certainly worth the price
2	All that I have to say is "You get what you pay for".  I think my days of staying in shabby hotels are over because I would definitely never do something like this again.  Yes, it's super cheap to stay here...but wow the rooms are horrendous.  In the back of your mind you can't help but think a man in a clown mask will crawl out of the corner and axe murder you.  The first room we stayed in was "quaint" as described by the receptionist.  I knew that was realtor talk for small as shit.  Sure enough we did our 3rd floor walk up and the room was barely large enough for a queen sized bed and the shower was probably just larger than two normal sized closets.  There was one light in the whole room and two outlets.  The second set of outlets was occupied by a 1990 8 inch television hooked up to some ancient ass Cisco cable box that takes approximately 10 minutes to warm up.  The sheets were of low quality, the provided linens and soaps was terrible (bottle literally smashed in half falling into the sink because the plastic was so cheap) and the room was dusty.  The bed was old and in dire need of replacement as it creaked at the slightest movement and it reminded me of some craptastic bed I slept in when visiting China way back in 2002.  After waking up to a terrible back ache, we switched rooms our second night and they moved us three doors down the hallway.  Wow what a difference, this room had a bathroom that was easily 3 times larger and the bedroom was large enough to fit a tiny little table and it had more outlets.  The bed was actually moderately comfortable without the squeaking and that second night of sleep was much better save for the thin walls where I was awoken by the sound of humping and moaning, thankfully whomever that was finished in about 5 minutes and I was able to doze back to sleep.On the plus side, Hotel Champ De Mars is in a great location on the outer edge of Old Montreal and a good jumping off point to explore the city.  Super easy walk to Chinatown, Bonsecours, the Cathedral, etc.  There is no parking provided here and all the local streets are reserved for resident parking only a majority of the day so you'll need to find a parking garage.
1	I got this hotel with a flight deal for a 3 night stay at Montreal, I booked through Expedia. The man asked for a credit card and gave me keys. Now you only have one set of keys per person. The lobby doors lock at 11. The man saw me with my luggage, but gave me a room on the third floor! Take in, they have no elevators. He wasn't doing anything he was just chilling but yet he watch me struggle pulling my luggage 3 flights of stairs. Door needs a rough push to open after unlocking. I sat inside my room and I can hear people beside my room. The walls are super thin. The floor is not even. You can put a ball on the floor on one end and it will roll to the other end. It was late at night and people are talking loud and walking around in the hallway. I was afraid because I'm pretty sure with enough push the door can break open. Because of this experience I would never stay at a hotel that's less than 4 stars. I was afraid of bed bugs and I actually looked under the bed ..there are used tissue and it is filthy! Also its freezing there was no way to control the thermostat. I slept with a sweater and a jacket on top my my blanket and it made me have a cold!This place needs some serious cleaning and renovation especially a new staff. Because this is a crap hotel.
