4	Sandwich Express surprised me somewhat. Looking from the outside, I thought it was going to be one of those fast food snack places that you visit through convenience more than anything else. Inside, it's a different story. Although it's as small as a cubby hole, it's also decked out in grand, traditional looking solid oak tables and high backed chairs. They have a selection of healthy fillings for sandwiches and panini's under the counter, not to mention some other snacky options such as chips and hamburgers. It's astonishingly cheap for being in the city centre, and the staff are really friendly.I would sit in here on a quiet day since it's cool compared to the busy high street, and sandwiches are served up in healthy portions with a smile. So don't be fooled by its small exterior - it's big on taste and even bigger on savings. Can I have a cheesy pun drumroll, please? Boom boom tish!
4	Sandwich Express is like a more grandiose version of Baguette Express, but which ultimately offers exactly the same thing. The interior decor is impressive with large wooden tables and chairs which look like thrones.  The menu offers a huge range of sandwiches, baguettes, paninis and toasties with an even bigger selection of fillings.  The deli counter is probably superior to that of Baguette Express, in fact, as it had not only the standard coronation chickens and tuna mayos, but also a wide range of good quality meats such as smoked chicken and ham.  I ordered a cajun chicken baguette with mayonnaise and salad.  What I got was coronation chicken with red onion.  I wasn't bothered, however, as it was probably just as nice and I'm pretty sure it cost less.  I'll definitely be coming here again in the future as the prices are standard and the food is great quality.
4	When you think about it, all sandwich shops are pretty much the same when it comes to menu - theres always a selection of baguettes and paninni's as well as the same selection of fillings. So really what you need is something else to make yourself stand out. Sandwich Express fills this requirement with some amazing furniture - which doesnt sound loike much but it makes a real difference from crappy placsic chairs you get in some other places like this. The result of the chunky wooden furniture is that I would more than happily come and spend a vast proportion of the day sat here eating my somewhat better than average sandwich.
4	Everyone talks about the baguettes and paninis at Sandwich Express, but when I was a regular visitor (about a year ago) it was the portion size and quality of their plated dishes that impressed me. Homemade carbonara for only a few pounds was a favourite. Hopefully they are still serving these dishes, if they are then I mightily recommend them as a budget spot on Leith Walk!
4	Monster portions! Best club sandwich and the coleslaw is delicious. Would recommend you try this if you fancy a change from the normal takeaways :o)
