5	This place is a great new add to the Vegas area.  I met Debbie at another wax business that was a chain where they get you in/out in 15 mins which can be traumatizing when it comes to wax. But Debbie was so good, I had to follow her to her new location.  She's very professional, and her prices are great! They do all sorts of waxing here for both genders, as well as, eyelash extensions.  Go.  Relax.  Enjoy.  Life's too short to be hairy with short eyelashes !Sent from my iPhone
5	What else can I say but Debbie is amazing. My overall experience at her skilled hands has been exceptional.  Debbie is  professional and extremely friendly which always makes me feel welcome and comfortable. Her waxing abilities are superior.  Let's face it ladies it can be a little awkward getting waxed especially is the lower region, but Debbie's bed side manner puts you at ease and it's over before ya know it. I'm so confident in Debbie's abilities I had her do eye lash extensions on me last night.  Mind you I have had several eye surgeries so I was hesitant. Let me just say WOW!!! When she was done the effect was beyond fabulous.  Her technique was great and didn't irritate my highly sensitive eye. So needless to say I am extremely satisfied with Debbie.  So if your looking to get pesky hairs waxed off or fabulous lashes filled in go see Debbie. I promise you that you will be happy with your results
5	Debbie is hands down by far the best lady to ever wax my lady parts!  I am no stranger to the infamous Brazilian wax and I know it can be painful.  Debbie was quick, relaxing, and most importantly gentle.  Overall was the least painful Brazilian I've EVER had.  I'm not a local but am in town often for work and I think it says a lot about Debbie that I am switching to a place out of state.
5	Debbie is awesome!! The after look makes me want to never go natural again! I feel so glamorous and she was so helpful making my first time a breeze and I will be back!!
4	The place was so cute! Small and personal!The wax went by quick which is convenient because I went during my lunch break. The wax felt super hot! Hotter than other places I've been to, so maybe I was just being a sensitive baby haha. Very professional and friendly :) I got the groupon for a $19 Brazilian wax. I'll definitely come back for another one even if I don't have a groupon
5	Debbie is great. I'm from out of town and Debbie squeezed me in on a Sunday! Totally unheard of since she didn't even know me. Super friendly and fast service. I will definitely call Debbie for all my wax needs. Super affordable too. Thanks Debbie.
5	I just came into town and thankfully Debbie was able to fit me in this morning. She is really sweet and encouraging and the suite is cute and cozy. Getting a Brazilian is never fun but she made it as comfortable and bearable as possible! Considering my hell-sent thick hair, she made it as quick and perfectly clean. I will definitely be returning. Thanks for the great service!
1	She's great when she SHOWS UP for the appts she schedules with you!! I've shown up twice on time for my appts and she's not there.  When I called she says family emergency.  So I reschedule.  Just went to my appt now and lights out and doors locked.  She's not there and doesn't answer phone.  No wonder she loses customers and has to offer groupons and changes the business name.  Big waste of my time, unprofessional, and just inconsiderate.
2	I was overall not too pleased with my Brazilian here.  Debbie was very pleasant, though I felt rushed during my appointment-- I was squeezed in after she needed to reschedule (she did not write my number down when she hurriedly scheduled my initial appointment so I didn't find out that my appointment was cancelled until I got there and saw the note on the door) which was fine, it happens, but I wasn't pleased with the results either.Debbie uses a hard wax, which is a wax that's done without the cloths that cling to the wax to pull the hair off (a soft wax).  Perhaps it's the wax itself that I wasn't happy with, but she rushed through trying to get the stubborn hairs that the wax could not get.  I have been to Brazilians and Brows on Jones and Russel and they take their time to even tweeze stubborn hairs, quickly and very well, leaving me with a clean finish.  Here, she did it quickly but several days after the regrowth was ridiculous.  I still had bits of wax stuck to my skin which was not the case at the other place I get waxed where they make sure all the wax is off and the skin is clean before I leave.Overall, clean environment, nice person, but I will not be returning as I was not satisfied with wax experience itself.  The other place I get waxed does it quickly, the results have lasted longer (may be because they use a combination of soft and hard wax?) and they did not let me leave with any remnants of wax scrap on me.
5	Debbie is a hard worker. She takes a well amount of care for her clients. This is my 4-5th time coming here, and she's never failed to make me satisfied with her performance. She has actually given extra time for me whenever it's needed. She's never rushed with my time and always squeezes me in. I see her give a lot of good deals for her clients including me. Debbie exceeds standards for what she does for me and other people. Keep up the good work. I would recommend her to most of the people I know that would be interested in getting their lashes and Brazilian waxes done.
5	Debbie is amazing! Squeezed me in today and did a super fast and perfect job! I recommend her for any of your waxing needs! I saw this deal on groupon and since I'm new to the area I tried it out, I will definitely be back!
5	Debbie is so fabulous!! The service is personal and professional and her studio is adorable. My Brazilian was so fast,and after my second treatment w her, I'll never go to anyone else. Bonus: she's getting a cellulite machine! I can't wait!
5	Best lash artist and waxer in Las Vegas...hands down! So happy I stumbled upon her groupon deal. I'll never leave her!
5	Got lashes done for the first time in years after a bad lash job and it came out amazing. I'm so happy with my results and can't wait to go back for my fill next week.The salon is super cute and intimate, it's one of the little boutique shops inside of a Sola Salons. I'm a huge proponent of small business as well; I love the passion and drive that you don't get from the larger, commercial salons.
5	Since this was my first time getting a Brazilian Wax, I was a bit nervous. However, the cute ambiance at Lash N Wax/A Wink of Perfection, a boutique-like salon among the group of Sola Salons, and Debbie's friendly personality quickly put me at ease. She explained the process/aftercare and was very efficient. Our pleasant conversation during the process was relaxing and it was over before I knew it. It was great to start on time and not have to wait in a waiting room (where I may have changed my mind :-).
5	Debbie is a professional and she delivers a quality service. Her prices are very competitive.  She books up quickly because she's so good so call her now!
1	I scheduled an appointment for today at 3:30pm.  As instructed, I called in 10 mins advance , Not only, was the place closed but this lady didn't have the decency to answer her phone!   I drove 26 miles because of the reviews and great deal but only to be faced with disappointment!  How unprofessional!!!!!!
5	I wanted to wait a day before I wrote this review to make sure everything "down there" was just as wonderful as when I left yesterday...IT IS. ;-)I bought a Groupon for 3 Brazilian waxes from Debbie for only $49...I recently lost my regular wax girl and was searching for a new regular one...THE SEARCH HAS ENDED! Ladies, DEBBIE IS AMAZING! I've had well over 50 Brazilians during my time in Las Vegas and Debbie was quick, painless, she uses an antimicrobial, antibacterial wax which is awesome, and she left the canvas hair-free with no irritation the next day (I have super sensitive skin, so this is an amazing feat! PLUS, she's the most affordable person I've seen. Even without the Groupon, she only charges $20 for your initial wax, and then 4/$100 after that, I believe?? She's moving locations this week to Warm Springs and Durango.Debbie is heaven-sent!!
1	I found Debbie through Groupon. My first service was good and I left a good tip to make up for the discount.  She told me about her new Groupon deal, 3 waxes for $49. I decided to purchase and scheduled another appt. 2nd appt I arrived 15 mins early. She was late by 15 mins with a client in her room. It happens sometimes which is fine. In walks another girl who also sat down and waited. Once Debbie stepped out of her room, she realized that she double booked. Instead of taking me who 1.) Had booked that time originally and 2.) Had already waited 30 mins, she took the other girl. She could have taken both and gotten me first and out of there in 10 mins flat. I received no apology just another appt scheduled.  3rd appt I show up, door is locked and lights are out. I couldn't believe she no showed for a reschedule. I called, left a message but no call back.  I already paid for all 3 services through Groupon so I felt like my appts didn't matter anymore.  Looking at all the reviews I see that this is a normal pattern.
5	I am a new client of Debbie ' s and was nervous about getting lashes and waxed but she was educated about what she was doing. Debbie was also efficient and thorough with her work. She was absolutely incredible.  I am not going to anyone else!
5	Debbie is the best!!!! I went in for a Brazilian wax, it was my first time and she was great. She told me to take a couple of aspirin before coming, when I got there she was ready and prepared for me. Her place is clean and cozy. She also provided tips for after care. Her prices are affordable 4 waxes for $100. Definitely will be returning!!!!! It's a great place for first timers!!!!
5	Debbie is amazing as what she does! My lashes always looks so amazingly beautiful and they are glued on so well, it's very comfortable and lasts me awhile! She is always so friendly and quick to reply to text messages regarding any concerns or to book an appointment! Since I adore her, where ever she moves to, I will follow! Oh and I cannot forget to mention her amazingly comfortable form bed she has for her clients while she does the lashes! She really makes me feel comfortable and at ease whenever I go to her! Yayayyyy! Regardless of a few negative comments, GIVE HER A CHANCE!!!!! She really isn't all that bad :D
5	Debbie is the best! Pain free and easy to get an appt. Love that I can get a same day appt and she's personable and down to earth.
