4	I was very excited to try out the Subaru Superstore.  Since I already have a Subaru, my first experience (today) was with the service department, not sales.  The staff was super friendly and they had plenty of amenities to keep me occupied for the hour I waited.  A full snack bar with fruit, chips, coffee machine, and water. The establishment is very clean and very new. One big flat screen TV on the wall surrounded by four smaller ones offer multiple shows to watch while waiting. While most places have an old, dirty couch to sit on, here there are a few high tables with chairs and several comfy arm chairs.  Off to the side, a small room for kids to play in.  This place is great!  I can't wait for my lease to be up so I can come here and get a new car!! I heart Subaru!
5	This is the most efficient  , honorable, friendly honest dealership I have ever been to.  We are winter visitors and wait to have our Outback serviced when we are here instead of Washington.  I am truly impressed.  Way to go Superstore!!!!!
5	I bought my Forester at Camelback, but live closer to the Chandler Superstore. Needed to get a recall taken care of, I called Camelback and was treated very rudely. The gal I spoke with was not pleasant, nor was she helpful, in fact she told they didnt have the recall part in stock and i needed to call back. A couple days later I did call back and was told they DID have the part in the whole time. I scheduled my service for that Friday. A couple days went by and I was thinking, rather than drive all the way up to the Camelback store/service, I decided to come to Chandler, and thankfully so! They have been great. If I hadn't bought the lifetime oil changes from Camelback, I would have all my work exclusively done here!
5	Last Saturday I picked up my 2013 BRZ from this dealership and the entire experience was phenomenal. I had brought along my wife and a good friend to the delivery and close and, first, now my wife wants a Subaru for her next car, and my friend remarked that this was the lowest-stress car sale he'd ever seen.I want to really applaud the efforts that Subaru Superstore's staff have put into making something that is often seen as painful -- buying a new car -- simple, fair and even fun. Everyone I was introduced to seemed genuinely excited that I was a new customer, from Brent with the paperwork, to Mike in service - and of course, Scott, with whom I had been working for the last month.
5	Subaru has come along way (dealership wise).  Superstore makes that wait for maintenance a relaxing experience.  Surf the net, watch some TV, maybe eat some chips or cookies.
1	My experience went from great to horrible that will ripple through memories of friends and family who was with me at this dealership. I preordered a brand new 2013 Blue WRX wagon premium. I went into the dealership to get the value of my leased 2011 Civic for trade in value. We agreed on a fair amount ( 1500.00 above what Kbb said) We went back and forth on the price and I knew exactly how much invoice was. The sales contract was made and I saw that they were making about 800 on the car and was probably gonna make 1.5-3k on my tradein but that was the best I could do. OKFast forwarding , the car arrived after 3 weeks and I was super excited. We arrived 9am saturday morning with my wife and brother in law. Spent 2 hours getting introduced my assigned service adviser, taking the car for a test drive , getting Bluetooth paired and starting to get the walk through of the entire car. When we return back to Morgan's desk the sales manager comes up and says that we have a oversight. My lease couldn't be used as a equity to lower the tax because Arizona tax was not paid on the remaining about of the residual amount remaining. So the 14500 that they were going to offer me couldn't be subtracted from the vehicle's price to save me that 1250 tax. They thought the entire time this was a financed vehicle not a lease. Keep in mind that I told the sales person about my lease since the echo , even called American Honda Financial from the sales person's phone and asked what my lease pay off was for the dealer right in front of him and went back on numbers over the past 3 weeks. The sales person said there was nothing he could do because the deal was already &quot; skinny&quot;. This is their screw up they supposedly didn't oversee this. They do these deals hundreds of times a month and this was a rookie mistake to oversee. I was extremely upset beyond belief and request to speak to the GM that happened to be onsite.I spoke with Rich and explained everything , demanded that the dealer step up and help me out because they screwed up big time. I felt cheated and it was the principle that really mattered. My brother in law decided to say something about how wrong the dealership was to just give me the option to step away from the deal and the GM did not want to help in anyway . He didn't want to gain the loyalty of a returning customer ( The civic was from next door that is owned by the same GM). Rich , the GM proceed to tell my brother and my wife, &quot; you guys are not buying this car , **** Is &quot; . My brother in law proceed to say we are involve in this because we're clearly seeing a mistake on your behalf and your telling me to take it or leave it even though you guys screwed up. At that point more words were exchanged and eventually it ended with GM requested to pull the car back into the lot, told my brother he could leave his store now before he stared him down and did a snotty hand gesture &quot; go away &quot; you worthless person. It was very unprofessional what I just saw. We eventually left the dealership shocked beyond believe what all just happened. Imagine you been dreaming about the perfect car, you pre-order it , got it down to your budget , go pick it up , this screw ball comes in and some &quot; overseen mistake' was made and the principle of the entire situation was not handled correctly. The dealer should have absorbed that cost for screwing up because that would have been the right thing to do and keep the customer happy. In the end , this is just another dealership that cares about margin and not people. How they say they were voted 2012 best customer service of all Subaru dealerships is beyond me , really.Hours later we went to SanTan VW to test drive a 2012 Golf R , I fell in love with it and decided to buy it not because of the car only, the sales person was really great , no BS , whole different experience I must say. I ended up buying the R and now I'm just over Subaru all together now with their plastic interiors, lack of inventory and high mark ups. I paid a little more for the R because it had a way richer interior and everything was just more refined on top of being turbo,all wheel , hatchback that I already was looking for.For every end , there is always a beginning... that experienced changed my whole perspective how Subaru and the people who operate it really are.
2	Had a decent enough experience buying the car, but the service department was another story when I went to get my accessories installed.  They forgot to tighten a hose after a routine install, and my car died while merging onto the freeway immediately afterwards, putting me into a dangerous position.  I was not offered any kind of compensation for my time since I live an hour away and had to make a second trip, the inconvenience, or the danger they put me in due to their complete negligence.  Not even an apology.   This doesn't bode well for my trust in their mechanics.
2	My review is for the service department at the Subaru Superstore.I have received service a few times at this location and the service has been average at best.I usually have my vehicle serviced on Saturdays due to the fact that I travel during the week and as a result I always in advance ask for a loaner vehicle for the few hours of servicing on Saturdays. Loaner vehicles by the way are one of the hooks that this dealership uses to bring in business from the other Subaru dealerships in town.This past Saturday after taking 20 minutes to get to the service advisor (a person who always seems to be in a bad mood btw) who was on a phone call with a customer when we showed up for our appt I was shocked after our work order was written up to find out that the loaner that I had requested was not in the system.The service advisor did offer a ride for me which would not have done me nor my daughters any good due to having to pick up and drop off my daughters from Saturday afternoon and evening (after 5:00 pm) events and me having to drive to the airport for an early morning flight the next day.To add insult to injury the service advisor said that they (wont mention whether service advisor was male or female) could all of a sudden provide me a loaner after I questioned why the loaner was not available as I had requested but I would have to have it back before 5:00 pm so that it would be ready for her "customers" on Monday.  This was an amazing comment due to the fact that1. My vehicle service would not be complete by 5:00 pm that day with the amount of services (revenue for Subaru Superstore) I was having performed on the  vehicle2. I suppose that my daughters and  were to walk around the east valley the remainder of Saturday after 5:00 pm and I was to be on my own for early morning flight to airport.3. The nasty way the service advisor made the comment like she was speaking to a school child.This comment told me all that I needed to know about how the dealership's service department valued me as a customer...the Monday morning customers were more important than me and the contempt showed in the service advisors voice as I was told this with my oldest daughter standing there with me in the service bay. (The service advisors comment bit even more after I had loyally performed numerous service calls, gave business to their body shop; San Tan Collision of Mesa, and purchased a high profit extended warranty for my vehicle from their dealership)I immediately of course needing transportation and having 2 weeks earlier requested a loaner vehicle cancelled my service for that day and did not reschedule. I did though make an appointment that same afternoon with Camelback Subaru and although Camelback Subaru is 29 miles from my home (vs 5 miles for Subaru Superstore) I will perform all my remaining Subaru maintenance (not much btw as I will be trading in the Subaru in 3 months for an Audi A6)  there as opposed to the Subaru SuperstoreIn a way it is a shame, the owners of this dealership are honestly trying to provide a high value customer orientated experience for Subaru owners in the East Valley and their investment as a business owners are being undermined by nasty employees like the above mentioned service advisor...
1	This is toward the service department. I had an appointment for 8 am on a Saturday and I did not know who my service adviser was. I was standing in the lobby room waiting for someone to approach me. Finally after 15 minutes, a serve adviser named Kristi came and talked to me after the service manager approached me asking if I needed help. I said no, I have not been helped yet. First, I needed an inner boot replaced because it was torn.  The service tech did replace them BUT the service tech claims my AC was leaking. The service tech talked to Kristi Moore and talked about figures on how much it was cost to replace it.  They were quoting about 1300 bucks. I said oh really?  When I turned the AC, it is blowing cold. I told them have you even turned the AC on yet? The service tech said not yet. I told him you are telling the AC is out and it is really not.  He made a side comment and laughed.  Also after I came home, there was a funny noise when I make a right turn on the passenger side.  When I got home and ramped up my car, I found the service tech did not screw in a bolt where the wheel and axle meets to replace the inner boot.  That was a total failure and I could have gotten in an accident.Second, I took my car to get an oil change and I always double check their work.  Unfortunately, the service tech guy likes to over torque the oil filter and transmission plugs.  I should of written down the name who serviced my car or if it is the training issue at Chandler of Subaru in general.Finally in my opinion, the service tech and Subaru of chandler are out to get your money and I am not going back there anymore. I found so many defects in their work and they are untruthful.
5	Purchased a 2013 Subaru Outback from this dealer.  Did our research on exactly what we wanted online.  After test drive at another dealer much closer with the usual baloney and lack of product knowledge. I decided to shop online.  Had the good fortune to connect with Scott Jenkins the internet sales manager for Subaru Superstore.  Told him what I wanted and what I didn't want. He got right back with the specified auto available.  We cut to the chase on price with little effort we reached a deal.  My wife and I showed up at the dealership on the delivery date and time, met Scott, inspected the car, did the paperwork, the delivery demo and out the door!  The car was exactly as specked, no surprise fee's or add on costs. This was our 12th new car purchase and by far the least amount of hassle, stress, arm twisting  and annoying sales tactics of any previous purchases over the years.Highly recommend this dealership and Scott Jenkins especially!
5	Haven't driven out to visit this dealer yet since I live in CA, but I've dealt with their online parts department twice.  The first time was a flawless transaction; status updates, quick shipping, and excellent pricing.My second order had a near flawless transaction, but with superb customer service.  The part I ordered was out of stock even though their online inventory said it was "in stock..." No problem, because (I believe it was Steve) went out and found the part in stock at a different dealer, got it from them and then sent it out to me ASAP; I can't recall a time an automotive shop/dealer has done this for me.  Then comes the shipping company; my package arrived damaged but Steve took care of the situation in a timely manner, kept me in the loop via email, and followed through with his promise.Definitely will do business again and give recommendations!
1	Went in to buy a new Subaru. Found a vehicle we liked, and the salesperson was pleasant. The financing is turning out to be fiasco however.  When we were purchasing, we clearly communicated we wanted to use our local credit union.  We were pre-approved with them already.  When it came time to sign the paperwork, nowhere on the sales contract did it say I wasn't being financed with my credit union.  Later we found out later we were put with a bank we did not want to be put with.   When we noticed the lien holder on the warranty paperwork wasn't our credit union, we started asking about it.   It took greater than 3 days after we left a voice mail, an email, and even went in person, to speak to the person that did our original finance contract. We were told that since our credit union was closed (it was after 5 pm on a Friday when they signed us) it would have required us to come back on Monday to take the new car home. So, instead of informing us about the problem when the sale was being made and letting us make the decision, they made it for us. Now we have to go through the hassle of refinancing with our local credit union, and we have yet to receive a proper apology from anyone involved or management.  Additionally, we were explicitly told that the salesperson would give us a follow up call to check on us, and that never happened.I feel weird giving such a negative review since we love the car, but the level of service (at least the financing stuff) is enough to make me think twice about telling anyone to buy a car here. Both my sister and my folks are in the market for a new Subaru, but this dealership won't be getting their business. I guarantee that!  My advice is if you are going to buy a car here, be crystal clear about your wishes, and get everything on the paperwork. Don't rely on your verbal instructions and assume they will honor your wishes.
5	We got a little Usedbaru (Used Subaru, get it???) from these guys a few weeks ago and the whole experience was pleasant.  We never felt hounded, scammed or pressured and we love the ultra clean, little Outback Sport that my husband traded across for his Jeep Wrangler.  Very nice cay buying experience!
1	Unfortunately, my experience with them wasn't so great.  As we were browsing their lot, a senior-aged salesman trying to make conversation told me that the crowd at Lee Lee Market should be clearing out in about 30 minutes (I'm asian).  Ummmm....I left and bought a car at Big Two Toyota. The owner's wife did call me and left a really nice voicemail apologizing for the salesman's comment.  I don't think they are bad people.  I just think their staff needs to have a little more training in the PC department.
5	I have purchased 2 vehicles this year from them and have had both serviced.  They are the most honest and friendly sales and service staff anywhere.  Great vehicles, great people, would never purchase anywhere else!
5	I've never quite experienced a car service center as nice as this one. The staff are friendly, and not too pushy when you're looking at cars in the lot (big plus). I bought my Subaru here last year, and actually look forward to bringing it in for maintenance here. The facility is super clean, there's free coffee from a fancy Starbucks machine, and free fruit and snacks, along with TV and wifi. It's as painless as it can possibly be.
5	I cannot rate this dealer high enough. They were awesome. Below is my "thank you" letter to the person who helped me most, Scott Jenkins. I had talked to three dealers throughout a weekend and each tried to give me a better deal than the others. The only dealer of the three who never gave me a bad feeling about a single thing was Subaru Superstore, specifically Scott Jenkins. He was also the one who had the best deal at the end and even beat the rate and deal I had been offered through USAA's car buying site (which itself is an awesome way to purchase a vehicle). I made it clear to Scott that I did not trust car salesmen and felt anxious about the whole experience. He did not ever push me and was very respectful in all emails back to me even though I wasn't being the nicest customer. He was able to assure me I could trust him throughout the entire process. I still had a tiny bit of apprehension as I was on a shuttle bus for the three hour drive to the dealer to sign papers and pick up my Outback. I was so happy to have absolutely no surprises when I got to the dealer. Everything was as we had agreed upon, just as he had promised.I felt certain that I would not be purchasing the extended warranty/maintenance. When I talked to the finance/insurance person, Brandon Metcalfe, I ended up changing my mind. He did not pressure me in any way at all, just showed me my options and gave a good explanation of what the extra warranty covered.After signing all papers with Brandon, Scott showed me many details about my car, and hooked the Bluetooth from my phone up to the car and made sure I was comfortable enough to drive it off the lot and the 3 hours back home. I don't know if most dealers give you a full tank of gas but this one does and I was very happy about that also. I left the dealership confident that I had made the right choice.Below is my thank you letter to Scott...Scott,I want to thank you again for making my experience not just good but great enough for me to brag about you to everyone I see. Both you and Brandon were awesome, I can't thank you enough. You did a great job at making me feel comfortable the entire time and were never even remotely pushy. I appreciate so much how you handled everything. I wanted to give you and Brandon a hug yesterday when it was all done. Since I didn't, you two can give each other a hug for me :)I have never been so sure of exactly what I wanted when purchasing something as I was in knowing I wanted an Outback with Eyesight and rear-a/c. I've been thinking about what car I wanted for 2 years since I totaled my Toyota Sienna van. I know I have an excellent car now and thanks to you I had an excellent car buying experience. I never imagined buying a car could be a good experience, because as I told you, I have never trusted car salesmen.I LOVE the Eyesight system. Of the three things it does, I thought the lane departure warning would be the least used and I wouldn't really notice it or get a whole lot of benefit out of it. Driving back to Yuma, I intentionally started driving into another lane a couple times just to see how it worked. It turned out I didn't need to "test" it because there several more times that the warning went off while I was driving the rest of the way, making me realize I need to pay more attention driving. (and I have to say that I wasn't even on my phone). I know I need to be a safer driver but I know that Eyesight will make me safer and it is already making me more aware of what I'm doing that is unsafe. It makes me want to pay more attention and try for a whole day of no "lane departure" warnings.Please feel free to use my email on any review sights. If you send me links to any websites with review, I'll be more than happy to tell about my great experience. I don't think I have ever written a review before because I have never felt so strongly about wanting to.It does make your job easier that you sell such a high quality product :)Thank you again
5	I have been bringing my Forester here for service (and Jerry in the service center is a pleasure to deal with), and decided to come in to buy out my lease instead of going to the Peoria Subaru were I got the vehicle from. The guys here were wonderful...no pressure to turn in the lease for a new one, they even helped guide me to ways I could get the best price even though I have some credit issues right now. Mark even threw in a few service freebies while my car was assessed to be a "certified used" vehicle. While waiting to sign paperwork, the owner even came by and talked with me for a few minutes. My friend that came with me was also very impressed and said he'd recommend this dealer to others. I am definitely a proud Subaru owner!!
5	My experience at Chandler Subaru Superstore was outstanding. I first received a quote through a painless and informative email exchange with Scott Jenkins. Upon arriving at the dealership, the Forester that my husband and I intended to purchase was ready for a test drive. Upon spotting an Outback that caught my husband's eye, Scott took my husband on a test drive and gave us a great on the spot quote that was extremely competitive based on other dealers' pricing. Additionally, both the quote I had received through email and the one we received for the Outback on the spot were out the door prices that included EVERYTHING. There were no surprises and no pressure to add anything additional.  Scott was patient and informative as we decided on a lease term and thoroughly answered all of our questions. The financing and paperwork were a breeze with Pierre where we again were not pressured to add on anything we weren't comfortable with. Our interaction with the sales department at this dealership was the best that I have experienced at a dealership and we wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to a friend or to come back for a future purchase. Thank you!
5	Excellent experience. Did my homework from a distance over a span of a month or so. Communicated with Lisa and eventually Josh Decker. No surprises and excellent experience buying a 2015 Subaru Forester Touring edition. And the interest rate came in lower than the 2.9 I had been quoted. Highly recommend the vehicles and Subaru Superstore!
4	Bought a Used ToyotaFound the car that i wanted at a good price from this subaru dealership, they contacted me promptly and were very nice. I went down to look at the car and they had it ready for me. I was already financed through my credit union and the transaction was fast and professional and not pushy at all. I was dreading buying from a dealership but they did a great job, i would go back for sure.
1	The service department is terrible!  Not, because they could not diagnose my car's problem but the fact they never called me back to tell me.  I had to chase them down! I dropped my car (2013 Impreza) off on Wednesday June 11 at 7:30 am and Mike said he would call and let me know what the problem is.  Well two days later I still had not heard back from them so I called Friday afternoon and I talked to Mike and asked what the problem is?  He said they are talking to Subaru hot line because they can not figure it out but he would call me everyday until they figure it out.  Again, no call back all the next week (not a one) so on Thursday June 19 I called again to find out what is going on with my car and Mike is not in and the lady didn't know what is going on with my car but said she would have Gil call me that day or first thing in the next morning.  Yep, you guessed it no call back again from Mike or Gil so I called Friday afternoon and waited on hold so I could speak with Mike and find out if there is any progress on my car.  Now, Mike tells me he made a mistake and they were not talking to Subaru hot line because they can not get the AT Oil Temp light to come on and it not showing any codes but he never called to tell me that after a week and a half.  Maybe it's just me but this is horrible customer service.  I wish there was another Subaru dealership close to Gilbert!
1	Everyone is going to be very nice to you when you come in to sign a new lease or buy a new car. However, you can really judge customer service when you come in for car service, or at the end of your lease to buy out your car. I am giving a 1 star rating based on these experiences that I have had:- My car came out of service once with a tennis ball size depression in the bumper. The service expert simply refused that this happened in their shop. I know that it is my word against his - but I am absolutely sure that I drove my car in without this obvious damage on it. - today I went in to buy out my car at the end of my lease. The buyout price that I was quoted by the manager was about $200 higher than what my contact said. When I asked about it, he said that he does not know why, but he could not care to find out. He told me that if I wanted to know more, I should call Subaru Finance. I also made an extra payment on the lease ( due to automated payments). I wanted to remove this extra payment as well from the buyout amount. I was again told to deal with Subaru finance myself. In other words, I left this dealership today and was not able to buy out my vehicle. I will have to call Subaru finance and go from there... But even more, the entire time I was treated by this manager as a complete waste of time. True, he was not going to make money from a new sale today.
5	Subaru Miller in Salt Lake City Utah was extremely satisfying in customer service. It is surprising that Subaru in Chandler surpassed my expectations! My experience today was a routine warranted maintenance checkup for a 2013 Subaru Impreza. The time was 90 minutes and free of charge, including a free vacuum and wash. My car is smokin clean! Dulce has been my rep three times and I am extremely satisfied. She is thorough in her explanations and spot on her repair time estimate, to the minute.What makes Subaru so wonderful is their environment. WIFI, TV, cookies, fruit, and quality Starbucks coffee and tea, all complimentary! The bathrooms are modern, the floors clean, leather seats next to the TV, high individual tables for work space and moderately quiet environment. With their expected repair shop expansion this October 2014, I can only expect better things with this Subaru branch.
5	I have been looking for a car for about a year. We are new to AZ and randomly chose to stop in at The Subaru Superstore in Chandler.  We met a really nice and knowledgable sales person by the name of Charlie Webb.  We drove a car, chatted a bit and my husband and I explained to Charlie that we were only just starting to get serious about getting a new car and that this was the first test drive of any type of car we had done.  Basically, we make decisions slowly, being extremely cautious about big purchases.  Well, it has been a few months since we met Charlie and we had checked out numerous other cars and multiple dealerships.  All this time, I just knew I wanted to make my purchase from Charlie.  He is just genuinely a nice and helpful guy!Well, I finally called Charlie and he agreed to come in (on his day off!!) and meet with us again.  He tried his best to meet all our needs and was patient, professional and so helpful in getting us the price and the car we needed.After the deal was done, we met with the finance guy, Pierre, who was also super nice and knew his job so well that he got us through the paper work in no time!  It was almost 11pm by the time we were finished, but they all stayed so I could drive home that night with my new car! I really do NOT like dealing with hard sell-car dealers.  Charlie and the Subaru Superstore, really exceeded my expectations!  Thanks!   And I LOVE my new Outback!!
2	I was there with my daughter to purchase a new subaru.  I walked around the lot SEVERAL times before a salesman ever came out to ask if he could help me. (I got the impression I might have had better chances of getting one of the salesmen who walked past me if I had had my husband standing next to me).  The salesman who did finally come to meet us was VERY nice.  I wish we could have purchased a car from him, but his sales manager just didn't seem very interested in offering us a good deal.  If he would of even budged a bit more on trade in or car price we probably would have purchased there..  But it appeared that manager had no wish to do so.  We went to another dealer and bought the exact same vehicle for a few thousand less.  And a better offer on our trade.
