5	Sometimes, it's just nice to get out of town for a while and still go to a familiar place. Old Navy was my spot today, riding around the Carolinas. The store was HUGE and organized...it's hard to find both these days. Everything was organized, on the right size hangers, and there was plenty of helpful staff to assist me if I needed a different size. The biggest thing I loved about this Old Navy was their dressing room procedure. They have a small marker board on each dressing room door and they write on it the number of items you take in to try on as well as your name in case someone comes looking for you. The staff was very helpful and upbeat, but not in the annoying way, in a genuinely helpful way. I would recommend this Old Navy to anyone. They definitely had something for everyone!
2	Not a real big fan of Old Navy since I guess I grew out of that phase... don't get me wrong they make respectable clothes but there are only so many ringer t-shirts one can wear in a lifetime.I recommend the clearance rack strategically located in the back of the store sections.  I guess it's pretty smart to put the regular priced stuff in front, but sometimes I feel the clearance prices are just about right for what you are getting.Other than some novelty items and the occasional good sale, I think I'll stick with my other stores for the time being.
3	This Old Navy usually has a decent selection sizes and clearance items. Many of the sales staff are helpful and the managers always seem committed but dang the register person last time I was there even made ME disinterested in the fact that I was getting a new garment. This store seems oddly large for the amount of clothing they have to fill it, but this means they have space for patient men to sit while their girlfriends make sure that size down doesn't fit better.It's pretty average as far as Old Navy's go.
3	Normally, I prefer to check out some local boutiques and keep my dollas in Charlotte. But, hot damn, Old Navy's new remodel in this location looks super sweet! Gone are the days of industrial like racks and uninspired stacks of clothes (well, there are still some of those). Now this location sports a giant women's section with spacious dressing rooms in the middle of the store. And, from what the staff told me, they're still in process of making even more changes. If you're looking for high quality merchandise that will last more than a season or two, Old Navy is probably not your best pick. However, if you're looking for super affordable threads, really nice staff and some decent accessories ($3 aluminum water bottles, anyone?!)...this Old Navy is pretty fab.
5	Huge fan of Old Navy! Hugh fan of this location!First, what I like most is that they really seem to cater to trendy new styles! It's always a fresh look with lots of different colors and textures! The reason I'm a fan of this location is that it seems to carry a huge variety of sizes and lengths! Especially for the ladies with long legs! Also the layout is pretty cool too, you walk in to the Men's and Women's, fitting rooms are in the middle and kids in the back! But also there are so many other stores here...Target, Kohls and Bed Bath and Beyond...just to name a few! With great prices and very nice associates I am definitely going to be back!
1	I loathe these stores. The clothes are cheaply made. The prices aren't comaprable to the item. This is "name brand" prices for crap clothing. The only reason I set foot in here is because my daughter got gift cards from relatives for Christmas. and for $50 she got a thin pair of jeans, a knit skirt and a thin black shirt. and we went over by 87 cent! OH and the jeans were on CLEARANCE for $15.99!!!! CRAP styles too, its like a clash between late 70's early 80's. DRAB DRAB DRAB.Their shoes.................... are you kidding me? Pay less has better! and most of the time its BOGO so in the future i will sell the gift cards for cash!
4	Why are people hating on the Old Navy? Especially Debbie Downer down there. Not everyone can afford name brand hoity toity clothes like yourself AND for your kid? Ok moneybags. ANYWAY- I like this place. They carry a TON of sizes (not everyone is a size 2), they usually have things on sale, and I get a ton of clothing for my 2 year old as well. Old Navy has come a long way since I used to shop here (well, the one in Baltimore) back in high school. The clothing has gotten better- and I have multiple pieces of ON clothing that have help up longer than American Eagle OR the Gap. I'm also glad they downsized the layout- it was too big and bulky before- a smart move by merchandisers. The staff is usually helpful and friendly and they have lots of cute things in stock- the colors are getting better, the selections of styles are getting better. If you want to buy cheap clothes go to the Goodwill and help a sister out. If you want to dress nice but can't afford to shop at Nordstrom (which is for an age group of old) like some people on here- then this is a good place to be.
3	I'vs shopped at this Old Navy many times.  Prior to March 1, 2014, my shopping experiences had been pleasant.  The floor associates are very nice and really go the extra step to help customers choose the best fitting jeans.  While I have always found the floor associates helpful, the cashiers are far less pleasant.My trip on March 1st was the most disturbing.  The store was pretty busy because of the $15 sale on jeans.  Finding a floor associate that wasn't helping another customer was impossible.  I took my purchases to the counter and asked the cashier to check the stores inventory for a size 6 pants for my little girl.  She said there were plenty on the shelf.  I told her I looked repeatedly but was not able to find a pair.  I suggested that the pants must have been on a shelf too high for me to reach.  She then asked me if I wanted to pay for my items, then go back and try to reach the pants on my own then stand in line again to complete a second transaction.  I told her I did not want to do that...that I wanted her to have an associate get the pants for me (seeing as I did not have a ladder) and ring up all my items on a single transaction.  With a very disapproving look, she said "fine" and stormed off.  Very unpleasant experience.Would give five stars if not for the terrible check out service.  My latest experience was extreme but the cashiers have always been less than friendly.  I guess cashiers and floor associates receive different training.As a side note, the tiny clearance section allows only a few shoppers at a time.  Any more than that and you could start feeling claustrophobic.
3	The selection seem to be the same as the store in Concord Mills and the one in the Charlotte Premium Outlet. As well, prices seemed to be the same too. We managed to find the specific item we wanted in the right size. What's not to like?Even with a long queue at the registers, it was organized and it moved quickly.
