3	This Jack's is not on the glitzy Las Vegas Strip.No. It is on the more grittier, east side of The Strip. Where illegal immigrants meet broke drunkards between UNLV struggling students. However, despite this gritty urban image hidden a couple of blocks from the fabled Strip, this Jack in the Box is Hi-Tech! Yup! It has a self-ordering touch screen kiosk at the counter! There are only 3 guys working behind the counter, so why not let the little LCD R2D2 take your order? As it says on it's LCD screen,  it is easier to order than you think!Just select what type of meal (breakfast, served all day in my case).Then select from the offerings (there is something new here at Jack's!)Then select if you want it part of a combo meal (I did!)Then select what type of drink (OJ for me, got to be healthy!)The new menu item at Jack's? Chorizo Sausage Breakfast Burrito!  Si senor! A breakfast burrito of fluffy scrambed eggs, accented with Chorizo, a spicy sauce and grilled onions! It wasn't half bad! The combo meal with hash browns and OJ totalled $4.49! That's less than two full spins of the 1 cent slot machine played 30 ways, at 10 times value! And R2D2 got it all right! I didn't have to talk to a gritty human here on the grittier side of town, away from all the lights and neon signs. Just LCD Kiosks here. And for $4.49 a spin, you come up a winner!
4	Why am I giving them four stars? Because I am a fan of Jack in the Box and they are the closest JTIB to school. Over the years, I have grown to love them for just about everything their greasy menu has to offer me. Everything from their two $0.99 tacos to their 24-hour breakfast, to their 24-hour drive thru, JTIB knows how to hit the spot after a long night of drinking, early morning hang over, or just plain hungry.
2	I think this location has sealed the deal. I am not eating Jack in the Box any more. At least, not in Las Vegas.The entire purpose for the combo numbering system was to avoid confusion. And when establishments place stickers next to certain numbers stating options, the employees should understand apparent requests.For example, last night, we hit the drive through, I ordered a #31 (sausage egg and cheese biscuit) however, the wife doesn't like their sausage. Right next to the number is a sticker stating "Bacon also available" - so I tell the order taker we wanted "A #31 NO sausage, bacon instead." Problem solved? Not quite. The order confirmation screen has all sorts of abbreviations, some started with b, some did not. Arriving at the payment/food transfer window, another person reads our order and asks if we need anything else. I inform him what the order should have been, and he gets it rectified before the order comes out.I completely understand that fast food is not going to recruit the best and brightest employees. I would at least like to see people who can take, prepare and serve an order properly. We were the only car in line, and the dining room looked empty, so it was not a case of they were so busy it was an honest mistake.
4	I enjoy this Jack In the Box very much. It is usually very clean and recently the staff has improved greatly! However, even though it may take over some jobs, the self-ordering touch screen kiosk is awesome. My order will not get messed up and I am a whiz on a computer like machine. I get it done so fast! Do not have wait for someone to find the tiny little button with the item on it, do not have to repeat myself over and over, and as soon as I pay, my order was out in an adequate time frame, which was good cause I was craving the grilled breakfast sandwich.(Best item to me) AND...almost forgot...because I used the kiosk they offered me two free tacos! Ya, freeeeeee. Not sure they offer it every time, but still. Bonus points for this visit. This was is way better that others I have been to. One in Portland, took for-ev-er! They had one guy working the night I went, which is ridiculous. I think he was a manager and all his people quit, so he had to work it all. So this one here, I give props for being quick, yet still delicious !
3	The spicy chicken sandwich here saved my life more than once while I was in town. Seriously.
4	What can I say? It's fast food. It's Jack in the Box. I prefer this chain to most other fast food chains. They offer a great value menu and an interesting variety of menu items. My favorites are the $1 chicken sandwich and the "big cheeseburger."  If I want something a little lighter, I enjoy the fajita pita which is only around 330 calories if I remember correctly. The staff are always polite and friendly and always remind you (but not in an obnoxious way) of current offers.  I like this location for the quality of the food and the service.
1	Just screwed up a simple order. Not busy or shorthanded but give me the wrong sandwich.  I don't have time to check my food on the go. So now ill take my business to in n out.
1	What can I say... Well they are very busy at this particular Jack-in-the-Box! I frequent Jacks all of the time. I love their Big Cheeseburger for $1.29 and their free tacos when you purchase with the receipt! I always get it the same way, all of the time! I asked for them to add tomatoes and they were going to charge me extra for it. I said "No" and asked if they were a franchise. No other Jacks will charge for an add item. That is one reason why I pick Jack! Of course they were a franchise. I was fine with that then I told them to only add chipotle sauce and left it at that. It took forever to get my order. When I got the food I ran out the door. When I got to my destination I looked at my burgers and they were both plain except for one which had mayo and ketchup on it and NO Chipotle Sauce as requested. I tied calling back to complain but the phone rang and rang and finally switched me over to their fax machine. I plan on requesting the correct order when I go back there this afternoon. This is the second time I have been to this particular store. I went there over six months ago and had a problem with their kiosk that you can order from. It didn't give me my change back and I complained to the manager. She was not going to give me my money back and I complained and told her to run the video and she finally just gave me the change from the register. She made me look like an idiot and liar. I vowed never to go back there again, but unfortunately my wife and I were hungry and did not feel like eating at McDonalds. I will go back to get my order correct this afternoon and after that will not return to that store again or any of the same franchises...
1	It's 106 degrees outside and 90 plus inside the restaurant !!! Asked if the AC was on. Oh yes she would check??  It's 90 plus. AC is not working!!! Daaahh
3	Just too many homeless folks, its kinda depressing. Hooe they find a warm place to lay they head under. Other than that the food is tasty!
