5	Great Shop! Gary personally takes care of all of his customers and gets the job done fast, the only shop I will now take my car to. Great prices and they figured out a problem over 10 other ASE mechanics could not. Do not be fooled by the size of the shop, these guys know what they are doing.
5	I have been going to Gary since he was in Gilbert 4 years ago. He goes out of his way to take care of my husband and I. He's straight up honest, no bull or shady schemes like a lot of mechanics. One time when I didn't understand what was wrong with my car, he made a diagram on the dry erase board to help me understand better. He has great guys working for him. Joey has been with Gary since he was in Gilbert & has my 100% trust when I drop my car off if Gary's not there. I refuse to go anywhere else!
5	I would HIGHLY recommend Gary's.  They definately take care of their clients, and do a superior job.  It's challenging to find good quality people and work, and this is the ONLY place I will take my vehicles.
5	I lived right behind this shop for 3 years. I would literally trust these guys with my life. I can't say that about most people, let alone a car mechanic. Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful people.
2	I called this morning and FIRST asked what your shop hourly rate is ? The polite response was $90 / hour. I was not thinking it would be the same as legal fee's or a doctor's office hourly rate ? Last I checked these professions required 6-8 years of college education and strict legal boards in order to acquire the license to practice. Not to mention insurance as well as staff payroll. So without wasting anyone's time I suggest the first question you ask any auto repair shop is what is your hourly rate ?
5	We cannot say enough good things about Gary's Automotive Repair. It's hard to get this excited about a business/service, let alone a mechanic! Gary's is the main reason we were able to keep our car as long as we did. We knew we had a reliable mechanic that would be honest with us so we kept the car for many years longer than we thought we would. Like other reviewers mentioned, Gary goes out of his way to make sure that you understand the problems and how he'll fix them. He guarantees his work. We drive from south east Gilbert to have Gary service our vehicles. He and his staff are THE BEST! Do not hesitate to take your vehicles here!
5	Gary's is an awesome place. Period.  They are awesome mechanics and know their stuff. I know Gary professionally and personally and I would trust him and his staff to handle any repair and complete to the best of their ability!  As a single woman, it's challenging to trust that mechanics are being straight up with you, so from one single lady to another, you can count on and depend that you are not going to be taken for all you've got!!  We gotta look out for one another!
5	Gary is honest, reliable and completes work fast. I have left my auto with him over a week to find it ready when I returned on Monday! Fast, reliable, dependable, and honest! Really great guy!! Thanks Gary for doing great work at really great and affordable prices
