5	(I've added a few pictures to this restaurant's page from their own website, I hope they don't mind.) Like the earlier reviewer this restaurant came highly recommended by our hotel, which arguably has the best goddamn concierge in the UK. For fellow travelers, once the restaurant filled up there were noticeably few Americans in the place. Please don't get the impression that this is a tourist trap. In fact, its better if you don't tell anyone else about this place or it could get as difficult to get into as the Wedgwood. The food was certainly as good.  First the atmosphere was well done, stone with tasteful tartan accents. Impeccably Scotttish as was the food. With the layout and the lighting it was romantic, this is not a kid-friendly restaurant. The service was amiable and attentive, if a bit difficult to understand at times. As I've noticed at most of the UK restaurants I visited this summer; the staff are from the EU countries in deepest economic crisis (Spain, Greece and Italy were all well represented). But this was a relatively minor hassle. And the food was worth it.The beer was excellent and local, you can't ask for more than that.I started with the haggis wontons in a wine reduction. They were an unusual combination of sweet, umami and spicy that was enjoyable. I followed with the salmon. You really can't go wrong with scottish salmon, it was tender and flavorful. My father had the venison dish, and I tried some. Dear god, I almost regretted my order. It was unlike any American venison I had ever had. It was sweet, tender and completely lacking any gaminess. It tasted like a combination of buffalo sweetness and kobe juiciness. Anyway, go there. Its a bit off the beaten path of the Royal Mile, but go there anyway. And for god's sake don't tell anyone about it. I want to be able to get in easily when I go back to Edinburgh.
1	This food is not good at any price. The service was also bad (a bit rude and void of thought and care). My food clearly sat under a hot plate for a looong time. My wife sent her food back (and never does that). Avoid this restaurant.
