5	Rented car for 5 days. When I returned it was asked if everything was ok. Said yes but had long wait when I picked up the car.  They took 10 percent off bill and woman that checked out the car found my credit card case with all my credit cards and gave it back.  These people are fantastic. If you rent a car use Enterprise at this location.  They are the Best!!!
5	Friendly service.  Good prices and nice cars.
4	I decided to rent a car instead of driving my car to California since I had a little maintenance issue that I didn't have time to fix before my trip. I asked for Sirius Radio and they said no problem over the phone. But Sirius Radio was nowhere to be found when I rented my car. So that's the only negative from my rental experience.The counter people were otherwise helpful and got me on my way. The car performed really well, but quite frankly I'm not used to the 6 cylinder cars anymore. I prefer more giddy up when on the race tracks like the California 405 Freeway. So next time I'm going to make sure that my car is road ready.
1	So i had a car accident and my insurance provided me with a rental till my car was fixed...Went to Enterprise at this location, picked out the car, and hes explaining the contract as my wife is singing...Im all about making money but these jerks really know how to word there services. He was about to dup me into buying their insurance knowing  I have insurance because im there through my insurance. Which would of been an extra $23 a day! The rental itself is covered by my insurance. So when i would have gone to return the car, I'd have all these charges for this insurance that i didnt even need!. Thank God i caught it and my wife asked at the end, "Do we need it?". No! We have coverage!! Never again will i go here to this Enterprise. FYI: If you have your own Full coverage insurance, you dont need to purchase theirs. ALl they need to know is the insurance company, coverage and deductible. Crooks!
1	Told my mom the wrong address, kept to themselves that they were closed at noon. Guy was rude and not helpful. Boo.
5	Okay - so I originally booked with this company to rent a car. I was expecting to venture far from my hotel after they picked me up but they had someone from a location RIGHT NEXT DOOR (Fairmont Princess) come get me! This was AWESOME of the Hayden location, so... THANK YOU!
5	This office was nothing but accommodating.  They were helpful in picking me up and dropping me off.  Great customer service.
2	I have rented from this location twice now and the first time I would have rated it either 4 or 5 stars. This time I think we will not come back. We are local and rent when family is in town, 4 or 5 times per year.  Historically we have used Budget car rental and have always had great service, free upgrades when they could do it and great customer service. I decided to try out Enterprise a few months ago because the pickup service would allow us more flexibility for scheduling. The first time we rented from here the experience was fantastic.  The car was not super clean but it was not grossly dirty either so we were fine. The customer service that time was great and that was why we came back.  We decided to use them a second time and this time was a different story. We were given a Suburban that someone had clearly moved something large in (prints on the ceiling, ect). On the way to the airport one of the air vent pieces fell out.  I called immediately and told them it happened, the gentleman who answered the phone seemed to be unconcerned and I figured it would be noted in the computer.  I was wrong.  We left the pieces in a place where they would be obvious so the person who checked in the car would see them since we had reported it and I thought they would be expecting them.  When I took the car back the young man who checked things accused me of breaking the car and then lying! He then repeated that I was not going to have to pay for it, as if that was the issue.  He did not even have the courtesy to use Ms, but used my first name as if he was scolding me.  I could not believe it. We paid $550 to be called a liar when we tried our hardest to be up front.  We could easily have stuffed it back where it was and left it at that but we decided to report the damage so they could get it fixed.  I called back, angry that I had been told I was lying and it was impossible that there was any other answer to it. I spoke to the same young man and he did apologize but basically called me a liar again and sounded unhappy he had to apologize. He offered to help with our next rental but it sounded like he just wanted me off the phone. He was not interested in solving the problem, he just wanted feel like he was right and I was wrong. The thing that I find distasteful is, if they had no intention of charging me, why say anything? Just to call me a liar? How is that good for business?  The part probably costs them 10 dollars at most and I left the car with 20 dollars more gas than when I picked it up since they don't give you a car that is a full tank, you have to guess how much you might use.  The bottom line for me is this: If I don't check every button, vent, buckle, and piece of fabric before I leave I run the risk of being called a liar if someone previous rented the car and treated it badly then tried to hide it. I'm sure it's not a common occurrence but it just shows how it is handled by management since the person who accused me of lying was a manager. I don't need that kind of stress every time I rent a car. It's not like I am borrowing a car for free, I am paying to use it and honestly, if we had broken it I would have called and told them I was planning on paying for it so they would know to order the part. There are some great people working there and if you get them you will be pleased but it is pretty off putting to pay half a grand to be called a liar and treated like shit at the end.
4	HiNeeded to leave my brand new Jeep with the dealership.  The car kept lunging when I was at a stop light or stop sign.  I had to have a rental car to get home.  Enterprise was really great about getting me a rental car.  However, they ran out of cars the afternoon I was there and I had to wait for a car to be driven to Scottsdale.  All in all, Enterprise was very nice.RM
4	Customer service is amazing here!  I had to rent a car for 2 weeks because my vehicle was in the shop.  I looked these guys up on yelp and decided to roll the dice.  Great decision!  When you walk into this place the energy is great and the customer service is top notch!  I would recommend this location over the others because they have the biggest selection of cars for great deals.  From the basic coup that will get 30+ miles the the gallon or a new 2014 Stingray Corvette!  Renting from this place will be a great experience!
5	Super customer service,   Friendly staff and very accommodating.  Just needed a car for one day as my car was acting up on a weekend after the dealership was closed.  Easy online reservations and they pick you up and take you back home when your rental period is over!  Friendly staff.   This is the place to rent your car,  forget the airport and the extra charges your pay.
4	This review if for the exotic collection rental dept only. This was my first time renting a high end car in the US and based on the experience it won't be my last. The customer service was top notch and made the process as painless as possible. I was a little hesitant at first when I found out there was a 200 mile limit on exotic rentals but when I found out they would drive it to a location on the other side of the metro area, 3 miles from where I was staying, I was all in. I ended up getting the new corvette stingray coupe for around $250. I compared with hertz rentals which were closer to $500 and it was a no brainer. I had my insurance cover the actual rental and paid $20 for the million dollar liability coverage, well worth it for the piece of Mind knowing what I was going to do with this car. :) All in all I would highly recommend this service. If your itching to buy a new car or are just bored with your own, rent a sweet ride for a day instead of spending thousands at the dealer for another car that you will be bored with in another couple months. The only reason I marked them down is because of the mileage limit. I really wanted to take the car for a ride to Jerome or something but was too worried about whether or not I would go over the mileage and have to pay .99 per mile over when I got back.
4	Rented a full size SUV through priceline and we were in and out of the rental place very quickly.  They gave us a 2015 Tahoe with all the bells and whistles with only 2500 miles on it.  The gentleman helping us was very friendly.
5	Paul hooked it up and the "newb" was beyond helpful! You can tell there's a great comradery amongst the employees; the place is clean and the vibes are easy. My boyfriend and I got water while we waited and I got to hear all the annoying phone calls and they handled every call extremely well and you can tell they are always on the side of their customer. Amazing customer service!
3	Overall I love enterprise and it is generally my "go to" rent a car company.  But if they want honest feedback - here it is. And this review deals with this specific experience.The Employees were very friendly! Offered bottled water to a very full waiting room - Wait was reasonable.  First car had a terrible odor - smelled like somebody smoked in the car and then tried to cover it up with baby powder - I couldn't take it - so traded in the car.  They were very understanding but it was a pain to have to go back.  Second car was great except that the windshield (on the inside) was filthy. The glare during sunset was dangerous and I could write my name it was so bad.  Their cleaners need to wipe the inside not just the outside.
1	I gave this specific agency one star for a number of reasons. The primary reason being that Enterprise's representative, Lou, had seemingly no ability to think out of the box to solve our situation caused exclusively by Enterprise.  Now maybe this is the Enterprise corporate structure, but whatever it is, customer service is not a priority.I had a confirmed reservation with Enterprise for the Thanksgiving weekend in Scottsdale.  Because I did not know which Enterprise branch was going to be closest to my location, I called Enterprise to determine which branch I should contact.A reservation was made at the branch I was told would be closest to me.  Well....The location I was provided was the wrong location.  Unfortunately, this was not realized until an hour after our pick-up was scheduled.  After waiting an hour to be picked up, I called Enterprise.  I was told the rental car would need to come from another branch closer to me.  I was also told that Enterprise had transferred my reservation to this second branch and that I would be hearing from this branch.  [It is unclear to me when I would learned this information if I hadn't called because their driver was an hour late.] A driver from the second branch called advising me he was attempting to pick us up but that he was lost.  It was now nearly 2 hours after the original pick-up time.  When I suggested to the lost driver that he use his GPS he advised the cars do not have GPS.  This gentlemen was to call me back once he got his bearings. I never heard from him again.I then was called by a third Enterprise branch; the branch within 5 miles of my location.  I spoke to Lou.  Lou advised that they received our reservation from the second branch. But they couldn't help us as they had no cars.  He said he was sorry if I missed the Scottsdale family celebration.  When I suggested that Lou called the original agency to see if they could bring a car to his location, he said this was something he just couldn't do for me, the customer.  So, now more than 3 hours after the original pick-up time, I called the original branch.  Pat, at this branch suggested I call the other 2 branches back.  That is about when I decided, "enough is enough."4+ hours after the initial pick-up time, the original agency called me back to inquire if I still needed a rental car.  I was told that they had found a car but that it would take a while to get it to me.Enterprise advertises that customer service is their number 1 priority.  This may be true if there are no errors made by their employees and the reservation proceeds without a glitch.  It seemed to us that Enterprise had no system in place to address employee error and candidly, had little interest in our missing a family event because of their error.Thank goodness the Fountain Hills Hertz agency came to our rescue.
