4	Let me preface this by saying I am a frozen yogurt fiend. I don't get to have it enough b/c I didn't realize there was a place closer to me now. I usually go to Yogurtland, which has always been a tasty treat. Yogurtini looks just as good as Yogurtland does, on a smaller scale. They seemed to have more fruitier yogurt selections, but still a decent range of choices to choose from. My friend is allergic to melon of any sort and when she asked if one of their sorbet's had melon in it, the girl there didn't know. The manager was helpful and quickly found the book they have showing what each yogurt contains. It was very nice and he didn't seem rushed or annoyed by us.Their range of toppings possibly surpasses Yogurtland in my opinion. They even had a bottle of Sriracha by the other liquid toppings. Apparently, whenever they have mango flavored yogurt, some people like to put the Sriracha on their yogurt just as they would with the real fruit. Interesting! All in all, I will definitely go back again and try out their other flavors and toppings.
5	Wow! I was very impressed by this place. They might have the largest topping selection of any fro-yo place in the area (including chocolate waffle cone chunks, kiwi, nutella, and tons more). The quality is much higher than most other places, and they have an excellent variety to choose from. I would strongly recommend it!
5	This place has my name all over it. I can eat tasty treats and still count calories / stay healthy without much work at all. They have about 14 flavors every time I go in there with the calorie count posted right on the wall which is a dream for the wife and I who watch everything we eat like hungry hawks. I have had about 4 different low calorie flavors and every single one has not only been super fresh, but super awesome. They always have plenty of fruits, treats, nuts, and sauces fully stocked. I even saw some Siracha that I had to ask about ( apparently goes well on the mango sorbet) which was crazy. The price point is fair, and I seem to pay less here than other nearby yogurt shops and this is one of the only one I have ever been to without any empty bins of treats and toppings. Honestly the toppings here top all! Be sure to check out this local joint and you will most likely see me dominating some frozen delight in the parking lot before I make it to the car to drive home :)
5	Yogurtini is so much fun.  My family and I went two nights in a row.  The flavor and topping selection is vast.  My little one loves to choose her flavors and toppings.  Kid and Family friendly.  Go support a local business!
5	So far I think it's my favorite in flavors ! It's clean, small but lots of toppings and rich flavors of your favorite yogurt ! ;-)
5	We've been to several froyo places around town and this is by far one of the best ones.  Lots of yogurt selections and a TON of toppings selection.  I don't ever remember paying $10 for 2 froyos before so we either got more than usual or their price is more expensive than others.  The taste was excellent, too.  Tasted how froyo should taste like and not mushy.  As I was paying for the yogurts, I noticed Sirachi hot sauce and asked the cashier why it was there.  Apparently people like to put it in the mango yogurt.  What?!  I doubt I'll have the courage to do that.  Maybe when I get pregnant again.  Haha.GREAT place.  You definitely won't be disappointed.
5	This place rocks!  When they opened I was skeptical because years ago there was another yogurt place there that failed...They have done a great job of advertising there with specials in the local West Valley View and in the mailer you get with the local stores.  The store is always clean, the personnel is helpful and friendly and yogurt is yum!  I love to see a business do it the right way and applaud their success.  The store is always busy after the dinner hour with people out on the patio and inside and there is a nice vibe there!  Way to go Yogurtini!
5	Ok...I am a cheater.  I am a huge fan of the Land of Yogurt in Avondale...mostly because they carry Taro froyo.  However, ever since my friend Carrie told me they have Sriracha sauce as a topping...well I had to see what the hell this was all about.Obviously I took advantage of the sample cups.  The flavors were varied and pretty tasty.  I am NOT a fan of cookie batter/cake batter type flavors.  I tend to go for the tarts and chocolate options...tonight I did the plain tart and mango.  Now for the toppings...holy toppings batman!  They have a buttload of toppings!  Boba...in many flavors, mochi, nuts, fruit, cereals, candies, chocolate chips, peanut butter chips, nuts...go  nuts really!  All kinds of syrups/sauces and the pies de resistance....sriracha!  I did it and it was really weird at first, but I did love it on my mango sorbet and fresh mango pieces.  This place is very clean and very tasty.  The owner came by our table to say hi and took our empty cups.  I'll be back...just suggest to carry taro and fresh lychee once in a while!Oh! One thing I thought was cool was they had a "menu" of how to create certain concoctions...I don't think I'd ever use it because I'm a "hmmm...that looks good, let's throw that on there" type of person. Yummy-tini!
5	Best froyo place in the West ValleyTrying out all the froyo places in the West side.  Yogurtini is the best place we've found so far.  Prices are on par, great selection of flavors, decor is nice, they keep it clean overall, patio seating is a good option, and they have a superior selection of toppings.  From chocolate to mango bobas to sauces, they have you covered.
5	A Little Treasure ... In Goodyear.. What Took Me So Long To Find This Place?The incredibly unique flavors found at Yogurtini, is one of the reasons why Yogurtini is my favorite self serve frozen yogurt shop. While I can go on and on about the frozen yogurt, the multitude of flavors, wide selection of toppings, in a self-serve environment which allows you to create your own frozen yogurt masterpiece.The real draw of Yogurtini is the friendly staff! You are greeted from the moment you enter the store. Employees give you a few sample cups and if you want more  samples no problem ... just ask! Yogurtini always have coupons in the local mailer, and offer a frequent customer program.  Did I mention Yogurtini is open late, for your late night cravings!
5	Mmmmm good.  Best place for yogurt on the west valley with the possible exception of ocean blue... almost a tie.  I like Yogurtini's creamy yogurts and exceptional toppings.  The variety of flavors makes it easy for anyone to find a great choice.  The people are friendly and welcoming.
5	Good service; friendly staff; great selection and fresh ingredients.  Clean. Doesn't get any better than this!
5	Enjoyed the bobs on my yogurt.
5	Okay, we know how these froyo places go... charge per ounce, put however many flavors and toppings into your container as you wish. So why choose this one?I prefer the flavor and texture of their yogurt. Some places (for instance, Zoyo) have yogurt that is more grainy. This grosses me out. But Yogurtini's yogurt is creamy. That's what I prefer. The flavors at Yogurtini taste more natural and less like fake food, if that makes sense.Also, Yogurtini inspires me to mix yogurt and toppings more creatively, for some reason. I think it's because they post options of what to combine, and I tried one of their suggested Flavortinis, liked it so much, drew inspiration to create a more creative blend of my own the next time!So, here's my Flavortini: Chocolate Covered Peanut Butter and Banana Sandwich! Banana yogurt, peanut butter yogurt. Toppings: Reese's peanut butter cups, peanut butter sauce, peanuts, graham crackers, chocolate sauce, chocolate sprinkles. It was kind of a mix between a peanut butter and banana sandwich and a frozen chocolate covered banana... two of my favorite things! Give it a try. :)
5	The assortment of flavors makes up for the small size of this shop. I find myself with a variety of small servings, easier here than at most of these style of yogurt shoppes. The cups are big, but no one has complained about my small servings, I like a bit, not a bunch. My daughter is very fond of the yogurt here, more than ice cream.
5	I feel like this chain of yogurt places is the best so far. I love that they have so many different types of yogurt and toppings to go with it.
5	Love Yogurtini! Every time we have been (3 times in the last 2 weeks) the service has been attentive, helpful, and friendly. The store is always looking clean and picked up. The toppings bar is always stocked and clean. There are always a lot of flavors (usually at least 10) in rotation.My one complaint is that I love the White Chocolate and they have only had that flavor once in the last 2 weeks. (It reminds me of Tcby's White Chocolate) But of course this is a preference so they still get 5 stars. :) Yogurtini also runs specials during the week on Facebook which is a good treat in the middle of the week and will save you a few dollars. (Happy Hour Tues $4 per cup in the evening all you can fill) Smart of their owner to do this, it brought us in on a Tuesday night when we otherwise wouldn't have driven the 10min each way.Our favorite new place to get a treat!
5	My crack. I eat here 4 days a week Rob, the owner, is very active in the community and I just love this concept.. Imagine tcby meets cold stone..
5	The Birthday Cake Batter yogurt is exceptional, especially for 130 calories! Compare that to Cold Stone's 340 calories. Of course Cold Stone's is rich, heavy ice cream that is absolutely delicious, but you can't always afford those calories. This is a great substitute. The process is very simple: Grab a small, medium, or large cup, fill it with whatever ice cream you want, and then top with any array of sinful or healthy toppings. They even have Ghirardelli chocolate syrup. Great, thanks Yogurtini.
5	My sons, my husband, and I love this place!!!  We've been here MANY times and they have a FABULOUS selection of Fro-Yo!!  And the topping bar.....huge selection.  My personal favorite topping is the Boba Lychee and fresh fruit.  YUM!!!
5	I think the title says it all. Ice cream and chocolate everywhere! Bought more than we should have.
5	Yogurtini always has the best yogurt and toppings. I'm never disappointed when we go here. Birthday cake batter flavor is amazing.
5	Best place around. Great selection, good prices, and friendly staff. The rewards program is great as you can get $5 off for every $50 spent.
5	Great tasting yogurt and fun toppings. The staff is kind if young and I am sure they'd rather be somewhere else on a Friday night, so I don't blame them for not being the most enthusiastic crew. The prices are somewhat reasonable, and even though it can get pretty busy on the weekends, there is hardly ever a long line, doesn't really take that long to get some yogurt. Also they have a 20% military discount, one of the highest I've seen, so kudos for that!
4	My fiance and I have been coming here for about a year now. Great place to come for a refreshing snack. The staff is always friendly.  I love the points and get 5 bucks off a lot. The only reason I left off a star is because their selection could be better. More vegan options.My favorite is the house tart. I add a little watermelon or pomegranate.  My man gets the sweeter stuff and loves the coconut. They have a great selection of topings and they are always full and fresh. Look for the valupak coupons and fill up a smaller one and a large one. They give you 50% off the large one! Its awesome!
5	This place was delicious! It offers ever type of chocolate dessert imaginable. The ice cream flavors alone made me drool. After 8 all of the chocolate covered fruit are half off score! The cakes are also delicious. We tried the scandalous and toffee ice creams, tuxedo cheesecake, and chocolate covered blueberry and cherry. I will be going back! You can go 20 times and have a different experience each time. They have customized chocolate bars and gifts all around the store.
4	Belly on up to the froyo bar! All kinds of delicious flavors of froyo and more toppings that you can shake a little plastic spoon at! It's a self-serve bar where you grab whatever size cup you want and fill it with all the flavors your heart desires (I believe about 10 flavors) and there are mix-ins, toppings, syrups, etc. You pay by the weight. Great, friendly cashier! The only drawback is that this is a popular place and it doesn't have enough seating to contain its popularity.
5	I love this do-it-yourself place, the yogurt is always amazing! I'm also a dieter, and its really nice seeing the calories up in front containing each different flavour's count. The staff is always kind, and its a fun place to take friends. They also have mochi as one of their many various and enticing toppings, and THAT is incredible.
