4	A hard case clutch with a shiny brass skull clasp. Nice!Very interesting stuff. I would have never come in here if it weren't for my sister the make-up artist/fashion guru. They had the square blunt toed shoes that apparently Sarah Jessica Parker wore to the Sex and the City premier. Oh, they were flying off the shelves after she wore them! My husband was impressed with the sans-a-belt pants. Hey look! No belt! If Brad Pitt is wearing them, they must be in! Anyways, I'd never buy anything here but it was cool to look around!
5	It took me forever to pick out my splurge item in Vegas, but once i walked into McQueen I knew I was in the right place. The heels, the clothes -- all the details were meticulous! Even the most simple button down shirt was made incredibly well with each stitch put in the right place. The sales associates were also very warm and friendly. They offered a story for each piece which showed that they were either trained really well or actually interested in the fashion. A fabulous place to shop in one of the best hotels in Vegas (I like Encore better)!
2	I adore McQueen.  The story is roomy, good selection of merchandise.  The salespeople, huh? do they even know who Alexander McQueen was?????  Very poor customer service and lack of product knowledge.  Lee would be mortified.
5	I've desired the skull scarf for a long time now... but recently decided to go ahead and make the purchase. Since there are no A. McQueen stores in Seattle (just a handful colors sold in the Barney's store/A. McQueen website if anything), I called up Vegas store to purchase a skull scarf.... Turns out they have over 30 colors! After a minute of excitement and indecisiveness, the sales person offered to take a picture of all of them. When I finally decided on a color, I called to make the order which they once again sent me a picture of the scarf to confirm. Keep in mind that they don't offer complimentary shipping like the website does, but at least there isn't sales tax. The sales associates I talked to were all very helpful and friendly, and I will make sure to visit the store when I'm in Vegas next!
4	I was on vacation in Pittsburgh, trudging through the snow towards Primanti Bros. when I realized my strap was loose. The tiny little screw thing that was holding it on somehow disappeared forever into the snow.WHAT.I was down a purse for the rest of the trip, carrying it around in my arms like a dying animal. It missed the Penguins game (not a huge loss, since we lost to the Rangers 4-1) and had to ride in a suitcase for the flight home. This is not how Alexander McQueen bags are expected to live.As soon as I got home to Vegas, I bundled my poor, injured satchel in its sleeper bag and rushed to the Wynn. There, a sales associate assured me they would fix it, even if they had to order a spare part from ~Milan~. Why anyone would order one tiny screw to be sent all the way from Milan is beyond me, but I left it in their hands.A month passes. Where is my bag? The receipt said they'd ship it to me. The sales associate said they would call me. They did not. I called. I was told my bag was ready. HOW LONG HAD I LEFT IT THERE? I returned to the Wynn, clutching my receipt and feeling guilty that I had left my purse in a storeroom for a month without even calling. I felt a neglectful parent. Another sales associate brought out my bag and showed me the work that had been done. All new screws (that didn't match the rest of the purse, granted, but at least they were Alexander McQueen-approved.) I even got a giant McQueen shopping bag to carry it around in. It seems excessive to put a leather bag in a sleeper bag in a shopping bag, but it was easier to carry, I had my purse back and I didn't have to pay anything--unlike many other purse designers (Marc Jacobs has a ONE YEAR warranty.) I am a happy person.
4	Loved the designer before his name was bought by Gucci, before he stunned the fashion world with his demise and definitely before Kate wore his gown for her royal wedding.As a California resident I access his looks only via my visits to Las Vegas, London or New York. Thus anything I can obtain firsthand is through random boutiques or department stores that do not carry his full line. A rare visit to his actual store is a real treat. The review is for the Vegas location only.Compared to New York and London the size is much diminished. Nonetheless there are key pieces from his seasonal collections. To the left are the menswear which I didn't bother to survey. To the right is all women's accessories such as skull scarves ($595), purses and jewelry. Dresses start at $1440+ and trousers $765+. Outerwear cut in severe lines for FW 2011 don't come cheaply either.The +'s:+ On my last visit I nailed a dress in my size that happened to be my last one. It was not in the lookbooks and went quickly. Within a week 14 of the 15 in stock were sold and I was #15. They allowed me to hold it till midnight (great store hours!) + Vegas is one of the last stores to receive shipments. This is a plus because although you may not nab the look first, you get a chance to nab while it's being sold out in New York or London.+ Service was not obsequious or fawning. Just right amount of attentiveness. And thank you no attitude or judgment passed overtly to anyone who entered the boutique.+ As should be standard, the item was carefully hung and packaged for me to take off on the plane.The -'s:- I'm glad Alexander McQueen has so many fans but annoyed that his popularity spiked because Kate got married in his gown. So items went faster off the shelves than normally according to one assistant. No shoes sizes remained for me in the style that I had wanted. It would have been nice if the assistant suggested to track down a size for me like some other luxury store reps.Overall the Vegas store was a pleasant shopping experience. Under the stewardship of Sarah Burton I am glad to see McQueen's designs still live on.
5	Ok, it has been two years since my last visit to Vegas and I wanted to stop by Alexander McQueen since I love the clothing. Last time I was here I was disappointed by the service. This time I had the fabulous Danyelle assisting me and she did a wonderful job. She definitely knew the brand, knew what I was talking about when I mentioned something I had seen on-line for the fall collection, and was extremely helpful even when the store began to fill up. I ended up getting a new blazer which is my current fave and gets lots of compliments when I wear it. Way to go Danyelle!
4	Great label and beautiful store; tends to be a bit sparse most of the time (in terms of number of customers), which can either make it incredibly annoying or super awesome to shop... Luckily I shopped when Samantha B. was working (not the one from The Daily Show...), and she took great care of me. If you're a fan of McQueen, this is one of the best places to find a large selection of men's and women's clothing and accessories.
5	While it was a few months ago, I had the greatest customer service at Alexander McQueen when I was visiting Las Vegas with some friends. I received their 9am as a gift a few years back when there was a mistake in an order I placed online through their website. I loved the scent and tried getting another when it was gone. I contacted their customer service and was told it was discontinued. When we were in Las Vegas out shopping I figured I would stop in to check out their accessories and see if they had any candles. I talked with Danyelle and she went to the back and searched to discover they had one 8pm candle left and were willing to sell it to me, even though they are not usually for sale. It took a while for them to find a barcode for the candle and while they looked it up I continued to browse. Even though it was probably the least expensive item in the store, Danyelle took the time to talk to me about the candles and their scents as well  their new accessories and the history of Alexander McQueen. This is the only location in the United States I've shopped at but been to others in London and Shanghai and have never had as great of customer service as in the Las Vegas location.
4	Many people don't know I used to be a fashion addict and calmed down quite a bit from that life seeing as I'm quite ordinarily drab dressed now, but my drug of choice was the artful, refined savagery that was McQueen. I really regret that when I fell on hard times, I sold off what I owned not knowing that there will be no more from Lee himself. My brother was in search of a scarf from the collaboration with Damien Hirst. He had the XL one, but his husband said it was too big to be framed on a apartment wall so he wanted to get the size down. They unfortunately didn't have the one he wanted.Sales associates here were friendly and the store is laid out in a way where it looks clean and minimal at first, but there are smart layers, things to see at every turn. It doesn't feel cold and unattainable and judging like some stores can be. I always felt what is purchased is always wonderfully made and standout pieces. Pieces that are actually worth their cost, not some label whore played out items. Now the problem with this situation is, I now want one of those scarves as well, or three. I have walls, lots of large walls for them. But then I'd want to wear one, too. Aaannndd.... that's how it starts all over again and I'll be dressing like Isabella Blow to the poor house. If you have cash burning a hole and you're at the Wynn, then come to the Esplanade and throw it at some garment art.
