5	I am a big fan of Yelp and noticed that the Trop Wedding Chapel didn't have any reviews, after getting married here in August and having such a great experience I thought I needed to share.  I wanted something really easy, affordable and nice and the Tropicana fit the bill.  The wedding planners, Katie and Olivia, exceeded my expectations.  They took care of everything and were quick getting back to me with any questions I had.  I did not want the typical wedding, or should I say I didn't want to deal with all the stress of a typical wedding, but I still wanted it to be special.  I had to pick out flowers, from like 12 choices, 1 of 2 songs to walk down the aisle and 1 of 4 locations.  It didn't get any easier, yet my husband and I had a beautiful day.  We also had our reception at the Trop.  Because we had about 35 guests follow us out to Vegas we had dinner in one of the private banquet rooms, but if you have a smaller party you can eat at one of the restaurants.  I was nervous about the food b/c you never know what you are going to get with wedding food, but it was great.  We had filet, balsamic chicken and trout.  Everyone raved about the sauce on the chicken, the Caesar salad (not sure why it was so special, but everyone loved it) and the garlic mashed potatoes.  John and Michael, our servers, kept my glass filled the entire evening and I never ventured to the bar.  We were having such a good time that my dad extended the reception by an hour.  They were happy to oblige and needless to say after a 4 hour open bar and dancing we didn't need to find entertainment after, but if you were still standing people went down to the tables and the rest of us were entertained at the Chillem's bar (or something like that, I kept saying the name wrong).  I talked to everyone at the Trop at some time during the planning process and everyone was more than accommodating.  I would do it again in a second, I hope everyone shares the same experience.
1	My fiance and I were selected as top 10 finalists for their recent "Picture Perfect" wedding contest. See below.After 2 weeks of canvassing our local neighborhoods, printing flyers, and blasting out messages via social media, we won 2nd place in the wedding contest by default. The "winning" couple was getting 100 likes every 3-5 minutes for almost 2 hours last night as the contest was ending (that was not the first time that their likes increased significantly in a matter of minutes without their votes increasing as well and we have proof/evidence of it). Their effort blatantly did not match their results. To say there was a lack of integrity, structure, and monitoring during this Tropicana Las Vegas wedding contest, would be an understatement. And, we have contacted Troplv Weddings with our complaint/inquiry but I do not think they will be investigating. Hopefully, they will do the RIGHT thing and look into it. I couldn't imagine planning/having my wedding with a business that would condone such unethical, cheating acts.
5	I have to express my sincere appreciation to Katie Sinette (wedding planner) and Leah Abbs (catering manager).  I had my wedding here in May and my wedding went beyond my expectation.  Katie was very helpful and attentive.  She made me feel like I am the only bride, although I know that's not the case I saw multiple wedding/vow renewal on the daily event board.  Katie makes the whole process easy and classy.  My wedding was small (we have 22 guests), we had the ceremony at the Arbor, it was gorgeous, the pictures turned out so beautifully.  The pictures on their website do not do the justice of how beautiful the venue actually is.  It was very good value as well.  I have done some research and the price is fair and I definitely get first class treatment without paying first class price.  The food was amazing, all my guests were raving about it.  Everyone had a wonderful time.  Katie and Leah were very accommodating, they even allow me to bring my own decorations so that way I can save some money.  I have encountered other Trop staff during the planning process, they have always answered my questions promptly and very welcoming.  I couldn't thank them enough for the pleasant experience.  I highly recommend this hotel if you are planning to have your wedding in Vegas.  They truly made my day extra special.
5	We had an amazing wedding at the Tropicana!  We had been eyeing the chapel at the Trop for years because of the appealing gardens on the property.  So, when we got engaged, it was one of the first places we looked.  It was important to me to have great outdoor photos and the Tropicana was perfect for that.  We wanted our special day to be about our commitment and love for one another void of the overpriced propaganda of the wedding industry.  Weighing a few other locations in Las Vegas, we realized that the packaging and the team at the Tropicana was right in line with our goals to create a beautiful day at a realistic price.  There was no hard selling and we were able to order the things we wanted a la carte to fit our needs.  They were also very lenient with any changes we made.  The girls over there were FABULOUS and could have stolen the show, however the fact that our day was stress-free in a beautiful environment walking down the aisle to the amazingly handsome love of my life far surpassed all my dreams of the perfect wedding leading to the most important aspect of the ceremony... our happily ever after.
