4	I love this place to find perfect gifts (get the card & gift bag/wrap).  And love their ever changing items.  Plus plus...they carry food, snacks, and drinks from other parts of the world.
4	Walked in to buy my anniversary gift to my husband (candy). I knew that had different selection of stuff so I knew I was headed to the right location. The manager on duty caught me twice looking @ stuff and engaged me innocently enough.  I say that because I have been attacked.  And I have been ignored.  She was pleasant - slightly verging on annoying but it was ok.  Just bored I guess.  My cashier was super nice.  I had a metric ton of candy and she was like "have you tried these?  Are these good?"  I told her what they were for and she thought it was so nice to hear.  Probably thankful that I wasnt going home to kill myself with candy.  :)  She took tags off for me.  Let me sign up for some special deals and all the while she had a line.  It didnt even phase her.  I wish I would have remembered her name.  Loved the experience.
4	We love going to Cost Plus and all the stuff they have to browse thru and try at home.  If you are looking for spices, food, coffee, wine, decor and supplies from the far corners of the world, this is a great place to get it!Also, love Wednesday "Double Coffee Points" day... with your frequent shopper card if you buy on Wednesday you get double credit towards your next free bag of coffee.  :)
4	We like Cost Plus generally, but we never usually go there. Prices are high unless stuff is on sale, and not much we really need from there... but they do have some awesome stuff! Especially back in the foods/coffees/wines/beers section :)Lately, however, we've discovered that Total Wine has all of our alcoholic needs satisfied for a much better price. However, Cost Plus is close to home and we love to just visit sometimes... even if we don't really buy much there. They do a ton of wine tasting weekends here too, and they even had a cool event right after Thanksgiving where they gave away free movie tickets and ornaments to the first 100 customers of the day. We arrived pretty late in the morning and still got our ornament/tickets because not that many people shop at this location :)The wine tasting weekends are where it's at though. The employees here are awesome--extremely polite and friendly, and it doesn't even seem fake! :) They seem to actually enjoy their job, and it doesn't really feel like they are being forced to talk to the customers like at some places (Starbucks, for example... they are literally forced to strike up a conversation with customers by upper management. I feel so bad for them because most customers want no interaction whatsoever... like me :P) But yes, even though I don't really like talking to people when I'm out and about shopping, I actually do feel inclined to make eye contact with these employees, smile back at them, and respond in whatever way the social situation requires me to do. Nice location though. We love going here :)
5	I prefer this location over the one in the Arrowhead area.I like that it's usually less busy than the Arrowhead location, it's usually more organized and tidy. Parking is usually not a problem either.They also have unique or quirky gifts.  I can usually find something for anyone I need to find a gift for... Especially Myself!
5	Good service and willingness to help shoppers
4	Nice folks who work there, cute things to buy.  I'd say though they are not as big as other World Markets but they do have a lot of stuff to sell.  We enjoy coming here and getting cute specialty items.
3	Nice place waste time in. Nice place to get a good friend a gift. Coffee in the back is good. They have specials on Wednesdays on the coffee. They also have wine and beer tastings once in a while.
4	This location is clean, organized, and has friendly staff. I don't come here as often as I'd like because I will spend too much money! I've shipped at world market for years- I still have my Akio dining set that I purchased in 2001 and I get compliments on how beautiful it is. Well made furniture for fair prices. Fun imported candies for holiday gifts, nic-nacs galore.
5	We don't have this store in NJ! When I moved to AZ and was scoping out the area, I walked into World Market randomly. Over the past three years, I've acquired a dining room table, chairs, curtains, and lots of decorative doodads. Also a great place for gifts. I like to wander and browse anytime I'm near.
4	I've seen similar projects in other cities that have struggled. This market seems to be doing very well. It was very vibrant and full of people. This was one of the most amazing clusters of food from all over the world. Food was available by way of markets, groceries, delicatessens, food carts, and restaurants (both fast food and full service).  If near this place, by all means, take a walk through it. It's really cool. Grabbing a bite to eat or purchasing some handmade gifts will make for a productive and fun afternoon.
