4	What a gem of a find. I pass by this place ton and from work each day so finally today I had time to check it out. The market has a restaurant attached that u can order food from. It's a small menu but all the classics are there. I ordered the Kefta kabob plate and a beef swarma. Both were very good. And the service was quick as well, while waiting for the food in browsed the market and bought som juice, pits chips and baklava also. If definitely come again.
4	Vegas has quite a few Mediterranean restaurants, but this is a hidden gem.  Although this is a supermarket with a small food court area and not an ideal place to spend an evening dining in, but the food are excellent. If you are looking for a good take out place with excellent tasty and healthy food, THIS IS IT !!!
1	Food is good, but customer service should be just as good. Very rude, not friendly makes you feel un welcome. Don't know how he stays in business. Will tell all people I know to never go there. Vegas is full of good markets and this is not one of them.
3	"Mediterranean" market with a halal butcher counter and a small dine-in area offering up falafel, kabob, and shwarma plates and sandwiches. Store itself isn't much: the other Euro markets have better selection and organization, and the only thing making this "Mediterranean" is their selection of baklava, olives, and olive oil. But all of their products can be found elsewhere in town, and their produce is less than fresh.But the halal butcher is fairly unique: $27 for a giant lamb shank to be turned into a stew? Totally doable here.Dine-in counter has a few basic tables and chairs but most orders seem to be for takeout. As advertised on a banner on building exterior, they have a chicken shwarma sandwich for $4.99. What the banner doesn't tell you is that it's a giant wrap with an amazing garlic sauce. That garlic sauce makes it, and it's what I miss from my favorite Med place in Texas. I'll come back for that, repeatedly!Another score on the menu is the beef filet mignon kabobs: priced at a $12 plate for a good portion of tender, flavorful beef on a bed of yellow rice, with sides of marinated veggies and creamy hummus. Hummus was good, and is on the sides menu for about $5/portion along with babaghanoush and tabouli.Come for the chicken shwarma wrap and the filet, but not much else. Do your grocery shopping elsewhere, grab your dinner to go. Counter service doesn't really speak English, so just know the number of the meal you're ordering.
4	This place serves really good Chicken Shawarma for a cheap price and they are generous portion. Me and my husband go here solely for the Shawarmas The employees are respectful and nice
4	Had the combo platter with beef, chicken,and kefta kebabs for $15. Was made fresh in front of you while you wait. Comes with pita bread, hummus, and salad.  Takes a little while, but worth the wait. Can't really rate the market part of it since I don't understand most of the writing on the items but seems like they had plenty of the ingredients to make the authentic dishes
