4	My work requires me to be in Vegas every few months, so you can imagine that the glamourous life on the strip has taken a toll on my pocketbook.  Enter the Laughing Jackalope.  We often stay at Mandalay Bay and head across the street to the Jackalope for a couple of reasonably priced beverages after work.The atmosphere is laid back, with pool tables, video games and cheap beer.  Don't make the mistake that I did, though, they don't serve food so don't come hungry.  Or maybe do...depending on how much fun you're looking to have!  The bartenders are always friendly and we always leave happy.  I'm a fan!
4	I live very, very close (within walking distance) from the Laughing Jackalope.  Sometimes there's a lot of people in there, sometimes it's very quiet.   They've got a jukebox, pool tables, nice (usually female) staff and cheap, good stiff drinks.  I was here with my boyfriend until around 3 am once, and it was just him, myself, and my cousin all just drinking and talking to the bartender having a good time.  We didn't care that we were the only ones in there....we were still having such a good time.  It's a nice break from the casino's that's for sure.  Like the other yelper said, there's NO food here!!!!!  Don't be fooled by the "and grill" sign!   There's no food, repeat, no food.   The first time we went in I made the mistake of asking if they had food and the bartender nicely responded "oh, honey, we haven't had food in here in a couple of years".  Well, then,  take the sign down!  Meh, there's a Subway (meh), Panda Express and McDonalds in the little shopping center next to the bar, and they let you bring y our food in if you want.  All, in all, it's a good place to go, if you don't mind taking a step away from the bright lights and expensive drinks.
4	We came here for a break from the strip and we got it. The drinks were strong and cheap, the barstaff were friendly and the other patrons seemed pretty relaxed. It was such a relief just to go sit somewhere, drink a normal drink and go over the guidebook. This place is a little oasis of normalcy!
5	this place looks cool, but its now closed. Sadness i never got to experience it
1	It's no longer in business.  Drove past a little while ago and there was a "for lease" sign up in the front.  Too bad, I kinda liked the place.
