3	Dr Ohriner is great. He has a matter of fact attitude with a touch of sarcasm which I appreciate. I'd give the office 4 stars if it wasn't for the wait time in reception.
5	I have been going to dr . O for years . The man is one of a kind and the only eye doctor I trust . He is funny and very knowledgable about vision . I actually have fun going to the eye doctor . He is a great guy and very professional
1	Absolutely horrible!! If I could give them Zero Stars I would.  I took my daughter in for an appointment and it took two and a half hours!! We would have left had they not been sure to collect our co-pay upfront.  The staff was so inept that I knew it would never be refunded to us.  I had to go to work so my husband had to drive down and relieve me.  They actually locked them into the office and left them there while the staff left.  There is no reason to ever be this unprofessional!!
1	If I could give a negative 5 starts I would!! Been here 3 times and wait time was over an hour and a half. Absolutely Ridiculous. Will never return and not recommend!!!!
2	Dr. Ohriner is very nice and my family and I always get accurate prescriptions but the wait time is so long. The price is right and the frame selections are good which is why we keep coming back. I just wish they would do something about the wait times. They aren't the only people whose time is valuable.
1	The worst staff you could possibly have for any medically staffed business. Dr ohriner is a  fantastic eye doctor with a great amount of knowledge, but the staff at the front of the  office is absolutely unprofessional and unorganized. I placed a call to the billing department and left a message almost every day with no return call as of yet (5 weeks later). Nothing but the runaround from multiple staff members. Unacceptable!!! I will not be back and that is a shame as Dr O. has been our doctor since 1994. I attribute all of the other negative comments about wait time to the inept staff.
1	This place is beyond horrible, the gave my prescripted contacts to someone else after I waited 2 week like they said which is illegal. then lied to my family saying they came in 3days later and when I went in to pick them up they canceled my order and never gave me a refund? MY FAMILY WILL BE SUEING THIS BUSINESS SHORTLY.  Whoever goes here do not be surprised if they give out your personal prescription to someone else and make you wait longer.
5	I had complicated eye problems (cataracts, near sightedness, bad corneas, astigmatism, prior Lasik and a corneal transplant) I feared I was would be doomed to poor and uncorrectable vision.  To my surprise and delight Dr Ohriner was able to work around all of my eye problems (my eyeballs even had a steep angle making the fitting difficult) but he fit me for contact lenses that got me back to 20-20 vision !He and his friendly staff were pleasant, professional and efficient.I am grateful for Dr Mark Ohriner's skill and expertise and cannot recommend him highly enough.                                                    Steve Seldon
