4	Like the openness of this shopping center. Has plenty of nice restaurants and Larger anchors such as Super Target, Best Buy, Home Depot.....with Books a Millon, Old Navy and lotsa usual suspects. Only thing lacking is a good outdoor type store, REI or Jesse Browns type, really not one in this area of Charlotte or Fort Mill, IMHO. Of course this kinda holds a special place in my heart and as this is where I first meet my fiancee at the Starbucks and with the bench's around the fountain it tuned into a 3 hour cup of coffee:-) AwwwwwSo go to Target and grab a cup of coffee, never know what your evening is going to turn into!!
4	The mall that has it all. From a Home Depot to a Super Target, there are fast food outeries, casual dining and caffeine, ice cream and jewelry, even a gas station! In the warmer weather, nice for walking.And one of the only roundabouts I've seen in South Charlotte.
4	I really LOVE this shopping mall! This place really has it all, plenty of shopping and cool restaurants to enjoy!There are speciality stores as well as big name stores like Best Buy and Target. So if you just feel like just looking around or getting everything you need in one trip, you should really start here! What I enjoy most about shopping here is that everything is so well laid out. Sure parking is a bit tight, and limited but once you find a spot you can walk and shop in all the stores then grab a bite to eat. Hungry?!?! They have everything here...whatever you have a taste for is in this shopping center! They have mexican, pizzas, burgers, fresh salads and sandwiches and even a cupcake shop for dessert!Overall, this place is a perfect definition of one stop shopping!
5	I just returned from an optical appt with Dr. Janne Smith... she is the sweetest and caring Optometrist that I have visited in a long, long time. Not only was she on time, she was so friendly, and very informative. She made me aware of my stigmatism, and gave me the best option of contact lenses for the health of my eyes! I had horrible experiences at Sears Optical in Pineville, as well as LensCrafter in SouthPark Mall. The Drs there were not friend, informative or helpful. Both gave me the wrong prescription for my eyes which led me to Dr. Smith. I cannot stress how wonderful she is!! I would recommend her to all of my family and friends. I feel like a new person, not that I can see better!! Thank you Dr. Smith and your staff for providing friendly and GREAT service!!
4	I like Rivergate and wish I were a bit closer.  We went to the Art Studio yesterday for a kids birthday party which was awesome.  It is well laid out with those kamikaze traffic circles to help keep traffic moving which always scare me.  The center has the usual Target, Books a Million, Petco (or Petsmart?), Old Navy, Starbucks, TGI Friday, McD's, Best Buy, Just Fresh, City Tavern etc....There seemed to be something for everyone here.
5	Plenty to shop and eat here. Lots of different stores and you can get most all of your shopping done with one stop. It's a big area, though and more new stores are getting ready to open.
4	Plenty of shops and things to do here. Summer time they have many activities for the kiddies. Rivergate is a nice area to check out at night time and during the day.
2	OMG just came out of Fuji for dinner at 845p and Rivergate is running their sprinklers...it's November, shopping center open and causing issues in getting to your car without getting wet.Major fail
