4	Jin's has been around for as long as I can remember--I thought it was a late night food cart owned by an Asian man but it actually is the acronym for the first letter of the owner's three sons. A gloriously glutenous late night meal you can't go wrong with.  I personally prefer the catfish in it's all it's fried goodness.  Notoriously popular on campus--seriously go get yours!
4	This place is infamous.Once I heard a University of MN-Twin Cities class of 2000 alumnus talking about how he'd driven from Minneapolis to Madison (four hours) basically for a sandwich at Jins - and this conversation was in 2005! The previous commenter majorly underestimates - usually on weekends in particular, there was a line between ten to thirty minutes! If not more! Even when it was fricking FREEZING outside, it's Wisconsin! and most people were hammered.The point is waiting is an experience, since people are so messed up, you'll probably either see a fight or guys hitting on women like asshats or dancing to the 90s rap played by the tv in the window of the trailer. Go sober, the spectacle is something.Jin's started offering expedited service for an additional $5, you could walk up to the backdoor and get your sandwich next. When you're drunk and don't give a damn, that's a good deal.A friend of mine at one point was going EVERY SINGLE NIGHT, no lie. To the point where he actually became so familiar with the owner that he GOT A JOB WITH JIN'S, which is ridiculous since, as others have already noted, it's like two people working in a trailer, they really don't need the extra help. Craziness.Never tried the fish but the chicken is really great.Granted, once when I'd had a few adult beverages, I ate two and felt like I was about to die...Where exactly this place is now, or if it will be around in the future, I'm not sure, since they were having issues with the city. I know students hope it'll be around forever.
4	Line is long during after bar hours.  They got a flat screen with music videos playing while you are waiting in line.  They have a "VIP" where you pay twice the price for the sandwich and you get to skip the line.  Seriously.  The catfish sandwich is perfectly fried with some lettuce, hot sauce and mayo.  Great to soak the alcohol up with.
3	I had the fish sandwich, minus the hot sauce. I guess that's why I'm giving it only three stars, versus the 4-5 star ratings these folks have posted. I can't handle any hotness, I guess it's because I am so hot already. ;) (sorry for the corny joke!)The fish itself was fried and not greasy, but it was too salty! I much prefer the bacon wrapped hot dogs in the slums of downtown LA. But I can see why people would like this stand. Plus, there's tons of drunk folks doing dumb, drunk shenanigans. (Such as throwing a drunk friend into the huge, disgusting dumpsters in front of the stand.) Free entertainment rules!
5	Great! Best late night cart in downtown Madison
5	Greatest late night chicken sandwich ever.I'm going to wax nostalgic for a second and say that JIN's used to be so much better when it was just chicken out of a trailer.  Nothing else, no rap videos.  Just delicious, unhealthy, delicious fried chicken.Homecoming 2012, it's on.
