5	Absolutely unbelievable! Best Pizza in Charlotte without a doubt! These clever guys brought a couple of free pizza's to my place of business and we loved it so much, we bought 20 Pies for our next staff meeting. Brilliant marketing guys!
5	My son,15, and his friends go here at least once a week and order many items that they love. Of course, pizza, wraps, and pasta all get high mark's but, they also serve a full breakfast!Dine in or take out.
4	Pizza and cheesesteaks are excellent.  But, was most surprised by breakfast - it was great.  French Toast, Pancakes, and Omelets at a great price!
2	I live very close to this location and have been a patron since it opened, was actually very excited to have a pizza place so close. The pizza is ok, but definitely not the best around, many of the other items are good but not great. The overall menu is pricey. I ordered a medium pizza this evening, half cheese, half sausage. The half sausage had 7 pieces of sausage on 4 slices of pizza. The worst part is they showed me the pizza while they were ringing me up, I stated that it didn't have hardly any sausage on it. The stated "this is what the owner has instructed us to do". They then asked if I wanted to talk to the owner, I said sure. John (the owner) came over and he has seen me in there many times before. I stated to him the fact that it had hardly no sausage on it, and he agreed, he said they should put more on it, but did NOTHING.  I took my pizza and stated I would not be back. I would suggest going to another place for dinner.
3	We thought we hit the jack pot when we moved to the area.  The wait staff is super friendly (even though the owner is barking at them) The pizza seemed great and the red sauce on the pasta is so old school fantastic we couldn't believe it (just like my mom in law use to make!). Sadly after only 5 months I am done with the place b/c the owner's people & business skills are so lacking.  My first huge issue was calling at 10:15 on a sat to place an order for 4 pizzas that I'd pick up at 11:00.  The girl said no problem but then called back at 10:50 to say they couldn't do it b/c the ovens weren't on yet.  (they open at 8!) I decided to give the place another chance, on a tues at 6pm I called to place an order for delivery and the owner started to lecture me that delivery would take way too long.  The food just isn't good enough to tolerate this & I'm glad he's so busy because he just lost a customer!
3	Decent food but quite a long wait. Usually you would think a long wait is worth it by the taste of the food, but it was just "pretty good" by those standards. This was our 3rd time here and the wait has always been about the same. I think the kitchen might give their pizza-carryout the priority instead of the diners inside. You can catch a pretty good glimpse of the kitchen and I saw more pizza being made than anything else.  Garlic Knots are very good but VERY tiny. Not worth the price. (See Russ' picture) They should be free at that size. (Mario's up around the bend does so....)Pizza is a good step above a chain restaurant's but I've definitely had better elsewhere. Still good, though. If you were to use their carryout, I would definitely call ahead. I noticed a couple of customers who made the mistake of not calling ahead that had quite a bit of a wait. One of them was about to cancel his order he was so steamed. Stuffed shells were good but I felt jipped by the portions compared to the Chicken Parm plate somebody else got at basically the same price. The shells definitely needed a meat sauce rather than their thin marinara. The Chicken Parm was humongous in size. It looked like an entire chicken! Tasty, too. Calzones are pretty good, too. Everything is made to order, so that is a good thing as far as waiting is concerned I guess. I just felt that I wasn't "wowed" by the flavors for such a long wait.Your pal,Walter
1	First off this place is slow, ordered 25 minutes prior for a take out order and still waited another 15 minutes there. It was a Wednesday at 7 and didn't appear busy.When I walked in the door I went right to the counter, and there was 3 people standing there, 2 older guys and on lady at the register.  The 2 guys were going over the orders and the lady was fumbling with something.  They completely didn't acknowledge my existence.  It felt like I was waiting at the microwave waiting for the popcorn to be done, may of only been 3 minutes but an eternity in the customer service world.Onto the Food,I can forgive bad service if your food is awesome.I ordered 6 garlic knots and a large pepperoni and mushroom.The garlic knots were a little bit larger than a quarter see the picture, and cost $2.50, seriously?  Average quality.The pizza, first off they showed me the pizza when I picked it up, unimpressed.It was cookie cutter perfect, this is not a complement. Reminded me of frozen pizza.The crust should have variations, bubbles in the crust, color differences.Last but not least the taste.....Crust was horrible the sauce almost none existent, and the cheese and toppings were definitely under profit control.  Final ThoughtI feel robbed, very disappointed.I will not be back, I'll continue to drive by on my way home and you will never get another dime from me, or quarter for that matter see picture.....
3	Pizza was very good. Took a little long to get it but not overly so. My daughter had a calzone that she said was delicious. My wife visits the indian land location for breakfast and loves it.  Prices are reasonable.
5	Better than typical pizza food places with good service and staff
1	Quick review: I found the pizza okay, nothing to write home about. They have a few outside tables, which are really nice when the weather is good. The problem, and it's a significant one, is the service. They have a walk up ordering system and every time I've been there, it takes forever for anyone to take my order. I've never been there when they've been busy. The final time I went there they had several people working there, but again, this weird kind of ignoring the customer thing was going on. I couldn't wait any longer and left. When they opened in that plaza, I was excited to have a new restaurant close-by. But now, I don't undergo the frustrating process of getting someone's attention to order there anymore, I just go to places where the entire transaction is pleasant.
