5	Since this is a new location, i wanted to see if the roasted milk tea with grass jelly (half sugar no ice) was just as good as their other locations - and it was.Please be sure to try this at least once!
3	Long line up on opening day! There were free samples of various milk teas and cupcakes. Would recommend the Grass Jelly Roasted Milk Tea, it has more flavour. :) The milk tea is good, but I think you can get better value at Noon Moment down the street.... cheaper, just as good and shorter line.
4	The quality is what you'd come to expect from chatime. I'm happy to see one in waterloo. There is usually a long wait here but that's because its not your average bubble tea place.I know it's tempting to have tapioca and a bunch of fruity flavors in your "bubble tea". But remember that you have come to the Starbucks of bubble tea shops. Try something new and unique. I highly recommend the Grassjelly Roasted Milk Tea. (less sugar no ice)
5	Came to visit my friend in U of Waterloo and she brought me to the new Chatime in town. We were there after dinner time and there's a line up in the store. The wait was ok cuz lineup is always expected when u want to get a Chatime anywhere in Toronto. Ended up ordering two drinks, one roasted milk tea with glass jelly and the other with pearls. Both tasted great. However, I would recommend to order half sugar as I find it a little sweeter than the other Chatimes. Next time I'll  try their mousse.Update: They seem to have adjusted their sweetness level. This time I had their milk tea with grass jelly at normal sugar and it was just right - weren't as sweet as last time. Enjoyed spending time with my friends here in this cozy environment and using their WIFI.Conclusion: my experience this time  around was better than my last visit. lines weren't overly long.
3	Super hyped up and a big step up from most bubble tea places here in Waterloo. I like my bubble tea made from real fruit instead if syrup and powder. They use syrups here. The good thing is that their milk tea has a lot more tea flavour than other places. I have yet to try Noon Moment, so I can't compare. Chatime is just -really- expensive and you might have to line up for a little while. If you go, you might want to get your drink with less sugar because it's really sweet. I'm not sure I would go back to Chatime though.
5	After months of seeing friends on Facebook sharing their experience at Chatime. I wanted to see what the hype was all about. So when I walked into the store I was surprise to see a shorter line than I had expected - maybe because it was exam period for students in Loo. While studying the menu (overwhelmed by the ridiculously long menu) the girl at the cashier offered me samples of different toppings to help me with my decision. So finally with her recommendation & guidance  I choose their Oolong mousse with 50% ice and sugar.Surprisingly the Oolong tea flavor was very pronounced and the mousse on top was sweet yet there was a hint of savory after taste. It was a strange but tasty match. Just like that magical moment when you taste peanut butter and chocolate for the first time -you'll never thought the two thing would complement each other so well until you actually took the guts to taste it. This was like Chatime's peanut butter cups! Verdict: Great service & delicious drink! I would  of given Chatime a 4 stars but the extra star was for the attentive girl at the cashier who helped me picked out a drink - extremely patience. Now I understand what all the noise was about. I'm now officially a fan! Chatime you will definitely see me again.
5	Best place for bubble tea in Waterloo! I had the roast milk tea with grass jelly and it brings back memories of Taiwan/Hong Kong. They have a wide selection of teas and it's definitely a must-try and a healthier alternative to Dairy Queen. The place is clean and has lots of space for gathering with friends or studying.
4	Best bubble tea in Waterloo!I was really excited when Chatime came to Waterloo, having been a regular at the Toronto locations. However, relative to the other Chatimes in Toronto, this Chatime always has a longer line up. It usually takes a little longer to get your bubble tea after paying, but it's worth the wait! On the other hand, the location has a lot more space and you often find people studying here (although there is no WiFi). Highly recommend checking it out if you're in the area.Recommend the roasted milk tea with grass jelly and matcha tea latte. Remember to ask for the desired ice level and sugar level - apparently getting "slight sugar" is generally 3 pumps of sugar, which is quite a lot. Personally I prefer the slight sugar and less ice options.
4	For sure one of the most pricey bubble tea shop around UW and Laurier campus, but somehow still extremely popular. A size small cup is $4.2 for bubble tea and large is 4.7. I ordered the matcha mousse and it was amazing, but it's a hassel that I had to manually mix the tea and mousse on my own first. The shop has some cool seating areas, good for hanging out with friends. I would come back to this place occassionally, but the prices is the main factor that keeps me away.
