3	You're tired of going out and just sitting at a table, waiting for some lame chef to cook you a big hunk of meat.  Yes, you're the type who wants to go out and hack a steak off a steer, throw it on a grill and let the flaming begin.  Prime Quarter was built for you.  And have some Texas Toast too...
4	This has got to be one of the most amazing meals I have EVER had.  EVER.  If it's your first time, with their friendly and prompt service I guruantee it'll definitely be much better than your first time in the backseat of your parents' car.  Meaning that you won't be clueless.  Grill your own steak to YOUR own version of perfection.  You can't mess this one up, and if you do...well, then your mom probably shouldn't have been drinking when she had you.  Seriously though, steak too bloody, took it off too fast?  THAT'S OKAY!  Just plop this baby right back onto the grill.  Apparently, not much has changed since those days in the backseat--you still can't last longer than two minutes.  Oh, and two words:  TEXAS TOAST.  Only the greatest thing ever to be invented since sliced bread itself.  Not just toast but TEXAS toast...the difference is only the most heavenly bite of crunchy, buttery flakyness melt in your mouth, orgasmic only next to the bite of steak goodness.  I wasn't adventurous enough to try the Beefeater Special.  Your next meal'll be on them if you can eat your dinner in less than an hour and 15 minutes.  That's a huge cut of top sirloin, a trip to the salad bar, baked potato and can't forget--that Texas Toast.  Well, that's not to say that the next time I'm there I wouldn't go for it!
4	I'm actually a little embarassed that I like this place so much.  Especially in the midst of a never-ending Wisconsin winter.  Something about grilling a steak over a searingly hot charcoal fire INDOORS really soothes my soul.  The salad bar is serviceable except for the Bac-Os instead of real bacon, but there are baked potatoes for the loading, the aforementioned Texas Toast- I always eat way too much of that.  Meat quality- you cook it yourself so you have no one to blame.  Value-wise, it's a steal.  If I left right now.....
4	Yum Yum!!!I visited Prime Quarter about 4 years ago actually and they were so yummy!! Hopefully things haven't changed..I've never been to a restaurant where you can pick out the type of meat, spices, and cook it the way you want. Very cool!! I don't remember exactly what I ordered but I know the soups and salads are great and the meat was excellent! I'm not the type to go out and order a steak, I prefer to make mine at home with everything I want on it. But this was great! They are however on the expensive side, but you have to expect that seeing you get to choose your own cut of meat. The place was very clean and bigger than it looked! But to be on the safe side I would reccomend making reservations. We had to wait 15 min before getting seated WITH reservations. Good luck!!! :)~
4	During my stay in Madison, this was one the steak houses that I had to check out.The concept of grilling your own steak is pretty creative (even though you can grill your own steak at your own backyard for a fraction of the price, but you can't beat the atmosphere and ambience )The task:40oz TopSirloinSide saladBaked PotatoTexas Toast (even the toast is huge... I guess everything from Texas is big)Bonus:Bowl full of ice creamResult:I am in the Beefeater's Club!!!  (and you get a free meal next time you go!)
5	I can't usually get a restaurant to "cook" a steak as rare as I like it, but here I get it my way! It's like grilling at home, which I like, but I don't have to do the prep or clean up! The prices are reasonable and the beers are big and frosty! I will be going back often, and some day I might be brave enough to take on the steak challenge!
4	The decor reminds me of something out of the 70's. The waitress that served me was Excellent! My best friend took me their and failed to tell me that I had to cook my own food....lol! I had a blast cooking my steak and it was fun to interact with other people. All steaks were 20 oz. you had a choice of different cuts I chose the Rib Eye and it was delicious.
4	Come Hungry! Cook your own steak/salmon/swordfish. I opted for the kabobs, just cause they're easier for me to cook, eat, and no fat to trim off. There's a chef on standby if you need help, and I took full advantage of him - Jesse rocks and really knew what he was talking about. This is what I learned: a). cook your Texas toast w/o butter. once it's grilled, then add it. b). sprinkle a little butter on your steak mid cooking it, it's delicious. c). grab some grape tomatoes from the salad bar and add it to your kabobs. delish!Don't load up too much on the salad bar, but DO take a baked potato.Oh, and they have Spotted Cow on tap!
4	This place is definitely a hidden gem. If you get a steak for yourself, it's a bit overpriced. But I highly recommend you split a steak with someone for a fraction of the cost, it's definitely worth it considering you get an unlimited baked potato bar and a salad bar (unlimited texas toast as well).Cooking your steak is not as bad as it seems, as long as you know how to cook (not that hard my friends). I definitely recommend this place if you're in Madison! The service is a coin toss, it can be great but wow, sometimes you get some pretty stupid people but hey, that's life. In the end, i recommend this place.ps. this place is NEVER busy. I dont know why, but this place does not get much business.
5	My wife and I ate here last week with my cousin +1.  We had 7:30 reservations and were seated promptly on arrival at 7:25.  The place was packed.  We decided to split our steak, as was recommended, and we went with a big ol' T-bone.  After visiting the salad bar, my cousin and I went up to grill the steaks.  What a great experience.  It is cold up here now and standing in front of the grill took me back to summer, grilling on the patio.  After grilling our steaks and our Texas Toast (be sure and butter it after you toast it, not before), and chatting with everyone up there, we made it back to our seats.  The steaks were absolutely delicious.  Mouth watering.  I ate the filet mignon side and my wife had the NY strip side of the T-bone.  Delicious!  I believe I ate 3 loaded baked potatoes as well (2 before and 1 with my meal, not a huge salad lover).  I would highly recommend this place to others.  I have eaten at The Melting Pot and wasn't overly impressed and it is much more expensive.  I love to go to a restaurant and have an experience.  Maybe that is why I prefer teppanyaki restaurants.  This is a new experience for me (cooking your own steak) and it is one I would love to do again.  I had water, wife had soda and our bill was $31.50.  That is so cheap for 2 good steaks.  A+
4	As one of my last 2 reviews (final review location TBD) in the great state of Wisconsin let alone the grand city of Madison for what may be the rest of the 2012 year (relocating to Seattle July 24th) I made a point to find 1 other contender to hold its own against my all time favorite steakhouse which is none other then Texas Roadhouse! I have not yet found a steak joint to offer up better steaks, sides, service, atmosphere and price then the good old TRH has done for many years in my experiences at several nationwide locations.To find a strong reference point of which to compare my #1 title holder for all things steak.....I pushed the bounds and considered Madison's best venues by scouring yelp.com and urbanspoon.com to see what came out with the most positive reviews. The seemingly clear winner in both channels was The Prime Quarter Steakhouse on East Wash in Madison, WI.This was my first time every going to PQ but from what I had read, people I had talked to, the PQ website......everything looked promising. When you can pick your own cut anywhere between 9-22 oz right from the cooler, grill it yourself, season it yourself and then pair that with endless Texas toast, salad and potato bars......for just $22 bucks......I could not see how this could end up anything short of satisfying.I chose a 9 oz fillet and of course I opted to grill it myself (chefs can grill it for you as your want it for $2 extra). I stuck to basics of salt, pepper and Cajun seasoning with a nice hit of melted butter as well. Medium as always is my default for steaks. 2 slices of buttered, garlic seasoned Texas toast (also grilled), loaded baked potato and a well constructed side salad with the works. For $3 extra you get a hefty serving of grilled onions and mushrooms to top your steak with as well.....and worth every penny!Now maybe its because I did the grunt work myself from start to end but I have to say...this was darn good eating! If you know your way around a charcoal grill and have the experience of cooking a steak or two then it should not be rocket science honestly.On other notes beyond the plate.....service was great. Atmosphere good. More of a supper club like vibe then a Texas style ranch as found at each and every TRH location. To each their own preference on that mark.For the same meal at TRH I would pay about the same exact thing I did here at PQ. My bill was $28 and that's with a drink as well. From the standpoint of the meal alone, I admit its a draw on every level, both are winners. What it would come down to is the venue and the unique ambiance/theme each looks to establish in its own right. That factor I leave to you the reader so now I guess all you have left to do and get out and sample both steakhouses and make the choice for yourself.
4	This is a nice restaurant. I've only been on a few occasions -- occasions in which I was invited by someone else for a group dinner gathering. I've never visited PQS on my own.The salad bar is nice and offers many options. I like how the open salad bar comes with your meal.I do not eat red meat, so I cannot speak on the steaks. I've tried the tuna and swordfish here, and they were both nice.The environment is fun because you get to stand with others at the grill as you grill your food. Take a drink with you -- you'll be up there for probably 15 minutes or so. The wait staff has always been prompt and efficient during my visits; the servers have always approached me while grilling my food to still check on me.My complaint is that the decor is quite dated. The staff wears aprons, which reminds me of Shoney's Restaurants in the 1990s. The main colors in the restaurant are brown and that icky 1980s salmon/mauve tone. The way in which you cook your food is so fun, and I just wish the decor could be a little more fresh and modern to make the experience more exciting. PS -- I almost forgot to mention the Texas toast! Go ahead and butter them up and grill yourself a plateful! Yummmmm!
4	We enjoyed this restaurant.My husband grills a lot and he was impressed with the selection of meat.  He made a rib eye and a filet.  Delicious!  The salad bar was average.  The baked potato was good, but wish they offered chives.  The Texas Toast, which you can make as much as you want, was awesome!
5	Just a really fun place! One of my favorite.Now that some have closed by me, I can't make it here as often as I would like, but when I am able to, it is certainly a treat. My friends and I went a couple Sundays ago. Great food. Great Steaks. Two of us did the Beefeater Challenge. And even tho it is a larger cut of meat, it was still Very good and Very tender. The others had the sirloin and the ribeye and those were just as good. The salad bar has just enough for you to find something you'll like. The baked potato was done perfect and you can get as many as you want. But the fun part is, grabbing your own steak and then being able to cook it yourself over a flame / grill. Love it.One of my favorite steak places! I will be back!!
2	No, I would not like to cook my own dinner tonight. I have no desire to be surrounded by drunken yahoos and stand around a giant grill while assorted slobs and imbeciles stuff texas toast in their faces. I do not wish to be charged $2 extra to cook my own poor quality steak. I wll not come back here.
2	A self cook steak house, the meats are good. The idea of cooking your own meet is interesting, no one to blame if you overcook.The salad bar that comes with the steak is from hunger. The sea food meat alternative is less than great.Expect to pay about $80 to 100 for a dinner for two with wine. the atmosphere is drab, too dark to my taste with little or no character. this place begs the question why not stay home and cook the steak for a fraction of the cost?
2	A self cook steak house, the meats are good. The idea of cooking your own meat is interesting, no one to blame if you overcook it.The salad bar that comes with the steak is from hunger. The sea food meat alternative is less than great.Expect to pay about $80 to 100 for a dinner for two with wine. the atmosphere is drab, too dark to my taste with little or no character. this place begs the question why not stay home and cook the steak for a fraction of the cost?
4	One of the best grab it, then grill places I've been to. For about $20 a person you can get a big hunk of red meat (except the filet, which is only about 9oz). I can't comment on the seafood option, as everyone at my table had red meat. It's all pretty fresh and you can pick out whatever you want. There's a salad bar, hot baked potatoes, and, of course, Texas toast. The salad bar wasn't anything to write home about, but let's be honest, you're not here for salad. You're here for meat and more carbs than you should probably consume in a day. Grilling your own is still cool, but if you're the unlucky person in your party who has to watch over steaks while the others run off to get more toast (or maybe they were standing next to you the whole time but you couldn't see in the dim light) you'll get warm, so leave your sweater at the table. Also, watch what the other people are doing. SO many people put butter on their steak. Don't be this person. ONLY BUTTER YOUR TOAST. The wait staff was cheery and helpful. We couldn't decide what drink to get and our server brought us samples and then let us decide. The decor is drab. I remember coming here with my family when I just a wee thing (probably about 15 or more years ago) and the decor hasn't changed since. Dimly lit with red floors. Use caution if you require any assistance walking. The handicapped entrance is in the back. Nothing more exciting than heading into dinner and feeling like you're entering in the wrong door. You then have to walk around tables and up to the hostess from the wrong side. It's awkward. And the floor isn't all one level. Another thing that knocked it down a star is that the bathrooms are located at the bottom of steps.Don't expect this to be super fancy. After all, you are your own chef and you're plating your own food. But it's cool to be social and if you luck out and have your next business meeting here it'll be way better than a more upscale place.
4	I get a kick out of grilling my own steak.  The meat can be a little hit-or-miss, but the S.O. and I shared a ribeye at had nice marbling and was very tasty--and perfectly cooked, of course.  ;)One troubling thing about the grill set-up: the tubs of melted butter with basting brushes.  But they're clearly labeled "meat only" or "toast only," so people follow the rules, right? Not so much. While grilling my steak, I personally witnessed TWO people (one of them a staff member) slathering their raw steaks with butter and replacing the basting brush in "toast only."  I can only imagine what bacteria are swimming around happily in that butter by the end of the night.  That's seriously bad form in the restaurant biz.  Butter fouls aside--the PQ has perfectly good food, good drinks (great happy hour!) and nice atmosphere.  Thumbs up.
5	$22 for any cut of steak and they are all huge and always great cuts. Cannot see a reason to get a steak anywhere else.
5	10/4/13 My wife and friends grilled steaks and drank beers at Prime Quarter Steak House.  It's a guilty pleasure of mine.  I'm not going to say their steak or seafood is the best, but it's grilling to the Nth degree!  They have 2 larger than life charcoal grills upstairs and private rooms with grills downstairs.  Dinners come with all you can eat Texas toast and salad bar.  As a man that loves to grill I have to give them a 5.  For a slightly better experience order a veggie cabob to compliment the meal.  If visiting the Janesville location order it in advance.  Their GM at that location told me it's preferred and worth the extra effort.
4	A fun place to dine.  I learned not to risk sacrificing the steak due to my own inability to grill properly, rather pay the extra $2-$3 to have the staff do it for me.  Thank goodness for that option!  Not the best steaks, but overall good quality meal.  The interior could use some updating...just has an old, dreary feeling.
5	There's nothing like a restaurant that gives you the option to cook your own food - I always do! With a fresh salmon on a hot grill plus all you can eat salad and baked potatoes...this place is a slice of heaven! For the price it's worth every bite - and it's conveniently located off of Stoughton Road and East Wash! :-)
3	My Filet was good, but when I asked for onions cooked without butter (b/c of a dairy allergy) they said they couldn't do it.
5	Go here. Now. I've been 3 times total and I'm from out of town. The place is huge and there is rarely anyone in there when I go for dinner. I truly don't understand how this isn't more popular as it's too much fun for me and my guy friends.I grill at home frequently, and I enjoy cooking my own steak as I know how I prefer the meat best. If you aren't comfortable doing this then a chef will cook a steak for an additional $2. The steaks come in various cuts so a diner chooses their own preference based on taste and size. My preference is the ribeye due to high marbling (YUM!).Don't be afraid to grab a huge beer to enjoy with your meal, take it up to the grill area, and enjoy while your steak is cooking. I typically end up spending ~$35 for myself while going here. I consider this an average price when looking at other steak houses in the area.
4	What a great concept! I thought that Korean BBQs were the only places where you can cook your own meat but I was wrong.They use charcoal in the grills--Kingsford!AYCE Make it yourself Texas toast and salad bar with baked potatoes!Cheap beer! Craft at $6 for a huge 25 oz mug.The only downside is the meat quality isn't all that great. Prime level cuts with little to no marbling. I wish they had one of these places in Chicago because it's a great place to get some grilling in when your grill is hidden under two feet of snow. For $22/person it's definitely worth a try. We'll be back!
5	My God, can I give this eleven stars?This is by far the best steak I have ever had outside of Maui.  Fair warning though, you have to know how to cook a steak.  They give you all of the spices you need to cook your own steak, along with enough butter that it negates any positive affects on your diet, but I would eat here every day if I had a home liposuction machine :D
5	One of the classics of Madison. This place is consistent. It is a nice decor. very respectable staff and fantastic steak. You may grill it yourself or have them grill it.
