4	Fine place for any-time beakfast (certainly a step up from Dennys or IHOP). Good omlettes and if you can take the heart-clogging properties, biscuits & gravy. Also serves sandwiches, salads and smoothies.
4	Great place for breakfast  with outdoor patio in winter, spring and fall but go early or eat inside in summer.  Mini veggie omlette with fresh fruit substitute and rye toast or plain oatmeal with blueberries are my favorites along with Kona coffee.  Slick chick plus fresh fruit for lunch .Very few restaurants on Hayden and this is a good one.  Accessible by the bike path.  Watch for birds on patio who go quickly after cream and sugar containers when you leave.
4	Bring on the mini-veggie omelet with fresh fruit substitute, dry rye toast and Kona coffee (no cream).  The mini-veggie is still my favorite for its "lightness" and "taste".  Most breakfast places seem to serve large 3 and 4 egg omelets with gooey ingredients but I have become accustomed to the smaller, dryer white egg Le Peep omelet.  Today there were no tomatoes but I didn't miss them.  However, I did splurge on the Knott's preserves and felt I had to try one of each with the dry rye.Le Peep servers (Matt & Greg have moved on) but Rushella knows what I want when I bring in the daily paper.  I usually sit outside even in the winter with my back to the sun except today when it was too hot and sat inside. The green patio chairs could be more comfortable but that is minor in comparison to getting the mini-veggie.  An ocean view would be nice to look at but that is also minor (well, not really) in comparison to getting the mini-veggie.  A cool forest setting would be nice to look at but that is also minor (again, not really) in comparison to getting the mini-veggie.... The impending heat above 110 for the eighth straight day must be getting to me... Why am I not in Manhattan Beach or in Flagstaff today...
4	Nice Selection of Tasty Food with Good Service!
3	Le Peep's food, and in particular the skillets, specifically the upgraded Hobo known  as the Drifter (~$8), with two basted eggs, cheese, vegetables, potatoes, with a choice of English muffin, is as good as I remember from 10 years ago in the Paramus, NJ location. This is to say in no uncertain terms that it is superior to the similar offering at the self-proclaimed benevolent indigenous chain that uses egg as its namesake.It appears however that being outnumbered and alone in Scottsdale against aforementioned indigenous chain has caused Le Peep to age before its time. Very few patrons on a Monday morning, quite brisk in the restaurant (especially by the standards of the natives, for whom 80 is cold), signs of wear in the building and an entirely unfinished floor. It's possible that this location is in the midst of renovations (although doesn't explain the dearth of customers) but it looks like they just let themselves go.Le Peep, as a friend, I will tell you the situation is reversed. Even if you have better food, if you want to compete, you need to be better than the competition with name-brand recognition, not just a lackluster shadow of your former self clinging to beauty long since claimed by time. Even though I'll miss the Drifter, if you've given up, please pack up and put yourself out of your misery before dishonoring the memories of better times.
5	Sad to say a victim of the economy this week.  My favorite breakfast spot in AZ for over ten years is no longer in business.  No more Mini-Veggie with fruit and rye toast... No more Slick Chick with fruit or fries.  No more get one meal free with six punches...The staff over the years was extremely friendly and always pleasant.  It just won't be the same with so few choices left in my area.
