5	I'm not normally one to jump at reviewing a chain restaurant, especially when there are 3 subways all within a couple blocks of each other.  I felt it was necessary in this case.  My husband and I came here over the weekend after a lovely trip to the dog park.  The two guys working here on the lonely afternoon were awesome.  They were really nice and friendly, and quite chatty.  One of them started helping my husband and the other one was sweeping while I was deciding.  The sweeping boy apparently noticed I was ready and he quickly ran to the back, washed his hands, threw on gloves and asked me what I wanted.  WOW!  This type of service has never happened at the other locations, all of which I have been too.  He chatted with me as I told him what I wanted.  He also joked about my weird sandwich and made me laugh.  It's refreshing to see a couple guys working on a boring day and actually enjoying themselves.  They also have outdoor seating which are perfect to sit at and people watch on beautiful days.  We even met this incredible 90 year old guy who is blind and deaf in both ears but somehow managed to communicate with us perfectly.  He was much more lively than most twenty-somethings you meet.  Amazing.  Only in downtown do you meet people like that.  This is a great Subway.  Go here and skip the others.
5	Easily my favorite Subway because it is always empty.  The lone person working in here will always be happy to have human contact and will help you out immediately.  This makes for a great experience, especially considering they will usually pile on the sandwich contents.
4	I go to this Subway regularly because it is right by the Cronkite school and one of the only food options in the area. The guys that work there are super friendly and they always welcome you into the store. It gets busy around lunch time due to the amount of students that go through here but the employees work fast and you usually aren't waiting for long. I think this location has given me the best service out of any Subway location I've been to and because of that I will continue going here regularly.
3	Same old Subway, but in a nice Downtown location. If I worked in Downtown Phoenix on a regular basis, this would be my go-to Subway on days that I felt like the so-so Sandwich. Subways are all the same, but you know what you're getting and for that, they are A-OK. The sandwich will never blow your mind, but it will also fill you up and give you the fuel you need to get through the day. They do an excellent job offering food at reasonable prices (often times with a nice discount promo) and I can leave with a 6 inch sub, bag of chips and large soda for under $6. Cheap, fast and decent? I'll take it!
4	My office goes to this Subway a lot. The team was recently completely replaced and we were kind of bummed about that. The previous team was always very friendly and quick. This new team is friendly but being that most are really new, service has slowed down.
