5	These guys totally rock.  I had some problems with my plumbing that prevented installation of a new ice maker.  I called at 6pm yesterday and very courteously got an appointment for 6am today.  The technician Kris was right on time, very friendly, and had me to work on time by 8am.  I will definitely be using them for all my plumbing issues (knock on wood...).
1	Recently our air conditioner stopped working, and we called this company.  They sent out a technician who spent about an hour and a half on the roof.  When he finally came down, he informed me that the compressor was not working and that we would have to get a new one.  They quoted us a price of around $3,000.  We called another company to get a second quote and they told us that the unit wasn't working because it was unplugged up on the roof.  Granted, our a/c unit is old, and we will most likely need a new compressor (or entire unit) soon, but we will not be buying it from this dishonest company.
5	I needed a new ac and called One Call Plumbing. They gave me options whithin my budget. The installation was started the day after I made my choice and the work was finished the same day. It is the quietest system we ever had and we are saving 48% in power from our old system. I would recommend One Call for any home service.
5	We were pleased with the service they provided us.  The technician got here when he told us he would, he gave us an estimate, honored the estimate, fixed our water leak, and patched up our yard where he worked.  The technician was very helpful.
5	When things break around here it is usually at night or on the weekend, usually Sunday.  They have rescued every time with everything from no hot water to a cranky air conditioner.  They get here quick, they do a great job.  They are always courteous and estimates are accurate and honored.  They are truly my "One Call".
5	One Call Services did a great job with my water heater replacement. They came out on time and the plumbing tech was very courteous and knowledgeable. I would recommended to anyone.George
5	My husband hit the gas line to the pool filter with a pick.(if there was a place to review husbands on here, I'd be giving him one star right about now).... we needed a plumber who could fix this. After reading reviews, and calling several plumbers, One Call was the only one who could help us. I'm not going to lie, I was very distrusting. I put plumbers in the same category as attorneys... pricey and not so trustworthy (my apologies to any attorney reading this). Man, was I wrong. The man who came out to fix the gas line, Gary, was great ...professional, friendly. He explained the repair to us, price-wise, and walked us through every charge on the bill when the job was done. I can't say enough positive things about him. The guy was great.
