5	Great selection of Wine, Beer and Liquor and they even have a walk-in Cigar Humidor with fair prices. Also offers classes.Only problem, I buy too much when I go in this store because the selection is huge. Highly recommend.
3	I think visiting Total Wine is like going to a upscale Bev Mo.....   If Total Wine was a car it would be a Lexus and Bev Mo would be a Chevy Impala with crank windows and a rubber floor mat.  They have about a bizzilion wines and more than 10 different beers (kidding).  If you have a hour to kill or maybe stocking up on some festive drinks for a party this place is a must!   See ya there!
4	Humungous wherehouse of any alcohol you can imagine. I'm in a small town in Arizona and they have an original gin made in Seattle. I could spend an hour or two just wandering up and down the isles looking at all the wines and liqueur. Definitely give this place a go!
5	Excellent selection of world-wide beer, wine, liquor, etc. They also have new & interesting items. Very helpful staff. Prices are reasonable. Never a line.
4	My husband and I love to entertain and also enjoy a bottle of wine or a couple beers together.  Total Wine offers domestic and International liquor.  Everything from beer, wine, vodka, soju, sangria, etc.  Prices range from fair/modest to expensive (depending what you are buying).They also have a walk-in Humidor area with a nice selection of cigars (yep, I smoke a nice cigar with my hubby on occasion!)On certain days they have a counter set up where you can sample wine, one day we were lucky enough to sample some wonderful tequila.  The representatives were knowledgeable and helpful.  No high pressure sales; "if you like, you buy"  if not, it is ok too!There is an amazing variety, fair prices (you can get 10% discount for buying a case of wine), the staff is friendly and super helpful!It is a great one-stop shop!  It is clean, uber-organized and if you don't find what you are looking for---the very knowledgeable staff is quick and very informative.Total Wine is our TOP SPOT for stocking up on all our alcohol!  A MUST for entertaining and party planning!Super pleased!
5	I want to be buried here. Super friendly and very helpful people.  I was trying to figure out what I could mix Pumpkin Pie Vodka with and the manager hopped on the computer and helped me figure it out!  They were sampling Blood Orange martinis, whiskey, wine, Grand Marnier...I mean it's like Costco for grown ups.Love it.
5	I am pissed that we don't have stores like this in indy. Amazing selection and good prices. I could spend hours wandering the aisles.
4	There are so many kinds of wines to pick from.  I was wandering up and down the aisles looking for my MIL's favorite wine.  To my surprise they did not carry it.  Then I went home to research doesn't seem they make this kind anymore?  Anyways, they have super helpful employees.  He suggested a sweet white wine.  I hope she likes it!!!
5	Outstanding!I'm from Montana and was in town for a company Christmas party.  Of course we needed wine!My co-worker needed to go to Best Buy for some wireless equipment and Total Wine was right next door so in I went.At first I was completely overwhelmed.  Towers and rows of wine divided by type, country, and everything else.I thought to myself, "Self, you're never going to find your wine here".  I was wrong.The store is set up very intuitively.  I walked in, stopped and absorbed the massive inventory.  Then I turned left and three rows down located the 1.5L section.  I spotted my wine, proceeded to check out and was back in the car waiting on my co-worker.Less than 10 minutes, in, out, and paid for.Excellent!!
3	Both of the specific items I went here for were currently "out of stock." I was not happy.
4	Definitely prefer over BevMo.Their beer selection is great and they try to keep interesting stuff in stock. I never walk in and find myself unable to pick something up. Staff is VERY helpful too. If you don't see anything you want... ask.
4	Never been to this place before, we visited after having some Plum Wine at a Sushi Restaurant that I wanted to buy for home.We were impressed by the amount and variety of wines, beers and mixes they carry. We would also like to go on a day when they have the classes. I think I would learn a thing or two about food and wine pairings!!Will definitely go back.
1	Very poor customer service there staff has an attitude I won't ever step foot in their store again because of the amount of disrespect they gave me!
5	I find it to be so much better than Bev-moron where you can never get any help
5	After moving from an area where you can only buy alcohol and state run liquor stores where the price is set by the state, walking into Total Wine I felt like a kid in a candy store. I wasn't sure where to start looming first. Not only did they have every type and brand of alcohol I could imagine they selection of beer was great and the wine selection was enormous. To top it all off the prices are great! The also have wine tasting on the weekends so you can try out some of the wines you are unfamiliar with. I have also noticed that the people who work there are very knowledgable and are able to answer any questions I have. They have also suggested several wines for me that have been delicious. They also have a nice selection of glasses and bar accessories as well.
4	Total Wine & More has just won the Laz C "best liquor store" in 2013 award and have a strong hunch it will repeat in 2014!  In all seriousness, as previous Yelpers have stated that walking into this store will cause you to go into a childlike state.  It is to much to take in at once.  You boast about the selection of your grocery store, they have no chance with the huge inventory Total Wine has.  The prices here are LOW!  In some cases better than the club stores.  The carry the gift sets for the holidays too.  I like the special edition beers during the holidays that I gift.  This is the perfect store to buy most adults their gifts.  You can't go wrong with all the mini liquor bottles for stocking stuffers or a gift-card.  I'll take one if you're buying! : )
5	Total Wine is my choice over Bevmo.  I just like everything about it. What else can I say?  There are far more choices. Its more of a cozy relaxing atmosphere.  I can spend a lot of time here just browsing. Maybe it was me just being thirsty. But I can say there are a quite bit more CSRs there ready to assist with whatever you need.  As I passed a few helping other customers I happened to hear honest opinions in choices.  They weren't trying to force sell anything.  And believe me what I heard was something I would say about something that I have tried.  They also carry my Bud Select which is nice to know that I can pick that up if I cant make any decisions on what to drink.  I am sure I would the next time I visit.  I do plan on being dutchess of Total Wine.
5	Love going here. I'm not a huge wine fan, but that's okay because they have beer more than amply covered. My wife is a huge fan of wine and I love stopping here every Friday to pick up a new wine for her to try. Friendly, knowledgeable staff and great setup.
4	Great location and I can always find what I'm looking for at this store where I can't at some of the others in the area.  Only reason I didn't give them a 5 was I find it hard to find help when I'm in the store.
5	Total Wine is the my number one choice for all my wine, beer and spirit needs. The Manager and staff members are always helpful. They have made picking new spirits a joy for me and my guest... Thanks Total Wine! Cheers, Don Ortiz owner of  DEO Entertainment Group
1	I got to say this is the most annoying place to shop on the face of the earth.  I go out of my way never to go here.   I am 38 years old and was told to leave because my 29 year old friend who was with me from Argentina didn't bring his passport with him.More recently I was shopping there with my 38 year old wife and bought some non-alcoholic mixer and they asked us both for ID'S because they said you can't even be in the store unless your under 21.  I really don't need the aggregation of going through this mess for some fruit juice. Their lines always take forever even though there will only be one person in front of you, and the biggest kicker was they were actually out of the item we came for.
4	Great place. Love this place for sprits. Only reason I don't give 5 stars is that I think Bevmo is better for the beer selection. But total wine is better for sprits selection. I'm not a wine drinker so don't have a opinion either way on that.
5	I LOVE Total Wine and choose it over Bevmo or any other liquor store every time. Their prices are less expensive than any other chains I've been to and a most other local places as well. They are so organized, have a HUGE variety of wines and beers and now they have beers on tap that you can buy?! Adult heaven.
5	I absolutely love this place! Coming from serving overseas a lot of places don't carry the wine I love! However here I have found everything I have been looking for! The store is always clean and the staff is always willing to help! I can honestly say I have No complaints! They also have Myx Fusions I have not found this any other place in Arizona but here!
5	Always 10% off the wine we try and buy on Saturday's. Wine tasting from 3-6pm. It's worth a try, learning a alit about wines just by going to try new favors. They also have hard liquor tastings. Like tequila!
