5	I rent from here often and have always had a good experience. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. The service is quick, easy and the equipment and party rentals are reasonably priced.
5	I planned my reception myself and used A-Z for a big part of my site- ranging from the chairs to the generator to glasses and tables. The staff there, Becky Rodgers, in particular, was a joy to work with- very responsive and helpful (which was great as my order changed a lot of times). She made sure my order was right and worked closely with me to ensure everything was perfect. They delivered and picked up everything exactly as promised and were very professional and fast. They also have tons to choose from and will help you make the best choice for your money. Pricing was competitive too. Highly recommend!
1	I entered the store and was not acknowledged. The party/wedding rental area was abandoned, save for a price list and a variety of wedding vendor business cards on a table. Walked around, nobody came in. Not really my job as the customer to go LOOKING for a warm body. Found the prices on the list to be higher, item for item, than any other rental company in the valley. This place was a total waste of my limited time.
4	A to Z is just around the corner from our home. We've rented several pieces of large equipment from them over the past year and always been pleased with their service.Recently, I married my husband in our own backyard. We rented tables, chairs, a cotton candy machine, a popcorn machine, etc from A to Z. They were wonderful about letting me call back and change my order several time. When we realized that it would be colder than usual on our wedding day, we were able to rent heating lamps at the last minute. Everyone that works at A to Z is really nice. The only issue that we had was that our items didn't get to us in the morning as promised. They didn't arrive until 3pm, when I was told that they would be to my home by noon. As weddings are complicated, it was tricky to have everything show up much later than I had planned but everything worked out just fine. Again, everyone is really nice and helpful!
5	I just wanted to add that in addition to party and catering equipment, they also rent heaps of tools and equipment. Think hedge trimmers, lawn aerators, cement mixers - stuff you might need for a once a year or special project, and so, don't want to invest in the equipment.In our case, we needed a chainsaw to take down some dead stuff from last winter's freeze, an unwelcome sapling, a dead tree, branches encroaching the roof, and to tame some monstrous oleanders.I was just about to head to the tool rental department at that big box home improvement store, when a friend mentioned A to Z. I gave them a call, and their prices were competitive. Plus it had that feel good factor of being a local biz.The process was pretty easy. We got a thorough tutorial on chainsaw operation and safety, and were on our way to some serious arboreal carnage.Pro tip: rent on Friday after 4pm. You can return it Monday morning, and only be charged for one day (Saturday), since they are closed on Sunday.
5	I had to rent a wheel barrow.  I had a choice of going to this company or another nearer to my home.  I chose the company nearer to my home which was a little less expensive where I got an older one that was older and heavier.  One days use  I went to A to Z to look at what I could get for a little more money which turned out to be newer and lighter.  They didn't think I was nuts to want to look at the actual equipment and took the time to go into the actual storage warehouse and show it to me.  They also gave me the one that I thought was the newest and cleanest-long story there as to why I needed that one.Overall a five star experience, I would recommend going here.  Maybe a little more expensive but the quality of the rental experience and the equipment itself says five stars to me.
1	Do NOT expect timely service....or really any service at all.  Thankfully, due to them not getting me a quote because "they are busy", I found Andrews Party Rentals and went with them for an event.  Also, as noted in other reviews, keep in mind that they will not actually bring the items to the location, but actually only dump them off curbside.  Maybe it's just me, but I'm not keen on dragging tables, linens, heaters, ,etc off of the curb and into the actual location of the event.  I gave them 1 star only because you have to in order to post a review.
1	Called 5 days in advance to reserve 36" trencher. Went to pick up Saturday at 6:30 am. I was told the trencher was broke and at another store across town.  Would have been nice to know ahead of time. Counter person could not explain why I wasn't called. I used to rent from these guys but now not sure why I would do it again. Very disapointed.
1	Perfect on the drop off of rented tables and chairs but when it came to pick up on the Monday morning absolutely useless. My wife and I took a day off work with the plan that we would go out for the day once these people had picked up but when I hadn't heard from them by 11.40 I decided to call. The response was we are running behind schedule because Monday's are always busy but we should be there in another couple of hours so there goes our vacation day wasted. I would not recommend this company.
5	I rented 3 pieces of equipment at different times over the course of 2 days. Everyone who attended to me was energetic, polite, and super-helpful  First, they steered me to the right equipment (tile breaker and chisel.) The chisel gets sharpened after each rental. The guy at the desk and the guy in the pickup room both gave me instructions on how to use it, with their names and an invitation to call back if I had any questions. The equipment worked beautifully. I went back later that day to get a tile scraper (also freshly sharpened.) Same great service and attitude all around, from 2 different employees.Tip: first timers might have some trouble finding where to park. You go behind the street-front building and angle park in front of the back building. Then you drive out through the street-front building, picking up your gear along the way.
1	After being on hold for 20 minutes and being transferred to several people, someone finally offered to help me. I needed to rent tables, chairs, and more for a birthday party. Long story short- they have horrible customer service and I was told there is no guarantee on time of delivery. They were unable to work with me and could not offer a solution. If you are looking for a party rental company- call Michael at rentaffordable.com in Tempe. A-z is awful.
5	This company is awesome! It is very well run and all the staff is well trained and knowledgeable. I appreciate that they do not charge a damage waiver fee that actually covers nothing unlike other companies; honest business.... very refreshing! i would highly recommend A to Z for any project you have on tap.... All their equipment is expertly serviced and ready for use. Don't go anywhere else, you will be wasting your time
