3	New business that is struggling somewhat?Their customer contact is very business like with no warmth. The food quality is ok for the price. However, call me old fashion but I think soup should be served hot. Mine was delivered warm and you felt rushed to eat it before it went to room temperature. Also they were out of a menu item and still sold it to me. They did refund the money after they realized that they were out of some of the ingredients.Also saw other customers going up and getting it themselves instead of servers taking it out. We did not experience that situation but did observe it.This just opened and management has work to do.
1	Went there last Saturday.  Service very slow.  New food prep strategy not working.  After 3 inquiries I finally got a bagel that I ordered 50 minutes prior.  Even then it was not the bagel I ordered.  I know they are new but it was very apparent that the staff was poorly, if at all, trained.  Manager really needs help.  She was overwhelmed.  Will try again, but if service is as bad as my first visit I will not come again.  They should have left my Paradise Cafe open.  It was so much better and more inviting!!
1	I'm a huge fan of paradise bakery, but this was my first experience at panera. Terrible. Service is slow, staff is obviously undertrained, the restaurant is unorganized and doesn't flow, the food was mediocre, my fork was dirty (and you have to ask the staff for another one, as they do not place them out for customers), and the espresso machine was down. I won't be going back, at least to this location.
2	I've been to other Panera Bread Co's in the Midwest - they have always been pretty popular. Me, never really been a fan and this one left me with the same impression - food-wise. Worse was - as other have said - the flow from order to service in the place. Odd layout and awkward waiting area.Very slow service and the staff members did very little interaction, other than answering questions I had to ask to ensure I was getting the correct order. Are there two bagels there? Is this the whole order? etc. No smile. No thank you when I left.
1	This place is not good. Sorry to say but the food is sub par. We came because someone gave my wife a gift card. It was too expensive for the type of dishes it serves. If you like sandwiches and salads go to Wildflower
4	My first visit to Panera was pleasing overall. Fast, friendly, fresh, clean and healthy - my kind of place. There were a lot of menu options and the new staff was patient and knowledgable in answering my questions. There was ample parking, and indoor and outdoor seating was available, as well as a drive through. I did think it was slightly overpriced, but perhaps worth it compared to other quick meal options. Their frozen lemonade was refreshing!
1	I've been to this location a few times and try to avoid it. I only go here if the wife wants to go but now she is feeling the frustration. Slow service and they don't care about it. Paradise Bakery is better. Panera Breads set-up does not facilitate a fast and smooth experience. When I have experienced a long line at Paradise it still seems to move fairly quickly unless there is a retard customer messing up the process. Paradise always seems to look out for the customer and is quick to open a new register when needed. During my latest visit to this Panera Bread I was a victim to a retard customer. There was only one register open and my wife and I were the only other customers waiting. The retarded customer was asking questions about everything and kept changing her mind. The frustration on my face was evident and seen by another employee who smile at me and walked to the back. Not long after a different employee walked out. I thought, great he sent someone to take our order. No. This employee walks just past the front counter and smiles. Retard keeps talking, asking questions, changing her mind, discusses the teas and why they don't have strawberry tea as the employee names the different teas for the second time as my wife and I walk out to go somewhere else to eat. It was worse than waiting in line at a Chipotle.
1	Just don't bother.  Sub par food, slow service, and over priced.  Go to Einstein's of you want a decent bagel that isn't dry and bland.
1	Just don't bother.  Sub par food, slow service, and over priced.  Go to Einstein's of you want a decent bagel that isn't dry and bland.   Even after the request to toast my bagel it was still cold.  You also have to spend your own cream cheese.
