3	As one of a handful of Peruvian(-ish) restaurants in Las Vegas, this place was a semi-favorite of mine when I worked in the area. Now that I work and live further away, I come out here sparingly.You see, I'm Peruvian. I mean, I was born there, but  was raised here. So my concept of Peruvian food has always been stuff that my mom cooked growing up. But one of the things my parents never cooked and we only had in restaurants was "pollo a la brasa" (rotisserie chicken) made the Peruvian way. So whenever my parents had a craving for this, they loaded us kiddos in the car and off we went to get pollo. I haven't been a kid for quite some time, but you'd be a fool if you thought I didn't get in my parents' car when I found out they were on their way to the Peruvian restaurant. They go for the chicken, which they think is the bees knees, I go for the Peruvian ceviche. You should also know that Peruvian ceviche is different than the Mexican variety. And I might be biased but I'm pretty sure the Peruvian version is better. Anyway. The food here is ok. It's not at all something to scream about, though it is better than other Peruvian restaurants I've been to. The portions always seemed smallish to me, too. The service is ok, though I swear the guy who works there is ALWAYS there. I've gone on in different days/times and he's ALWAYS there!The prices are fair for Peruvian cuisine, specially if you're just in to get chicken and fries and salad. If you upgrade to ceviche or lomo saltado (which is almost Peru's national dish) you'll be more in the Tony Roma's price range than the Applebee's range. Will I return here? Yes. There are just too few Peruvian options to consider not coming here.
3	vivi en california mucho tiempo, soy mexicano y me encanta la comida peruana, pero creo q me acostumbre al sason de el restaurant peruano al que iva en los angeles, por eso pongo 3 estrellas
5	I must say I've been coming to this place since back when it was called "el tumi" (i was about 11 years old)! Me and my family have always missed getting pollo a la brasa ever since we left peru. so we got recommended to this place, their chicken here is as good as it gets. Ive been to other peruvian restaurants and none have a chicken like this one. The chicken s just delicious, and well seasoned and reminds me of back home. their ceviche is good too, as well as arroz chaufa. The one thing that disappointed me was the anticuchos. but then again i have yet to go to a peruvian restaurant that serves a GOOD anticucho. I give this place 5 stars because of their chicken, and because the place itself is very authentic. I've seen the bussiness grow throughout all this time and i must say that this has to be one of the best peruvian restaurants in town.
4	The pollo a la brasa was juicy, good flavor and had crispy skin. All the elements that make the perfect Peruvian style chicken you can't duplicate at home. I think this and pho are the only things I won't even bother trying to make coz it's just not with the effort (time and money wise). The only thing I didn't like was the tub-o-fries that came with it. They were just the same old boring frozen shoestring variety, and having a ton of them didn't make them taste any better or make me feel like I got a great value. There was a shady street kid who walked in and took over one of the tables. He laid out a bunch of merchandise to sell to whoever was interested. Nikes, shampoo, lotion, and other beauty products. The fact that the staff didn't boot him out made me believe he must be a regular. So if you ever need chicken and hair products in one go, this is your spot.
4	so I went to this place with a Peruvian friend of mine.  As a Summerlin resident, going to E. Sahara and Eastern is quite a trek, not to mention having to drive through sketchy part of town.  I am no expert of Peruvian food, but I must say that I DID like the food.  I had typical Peruvian cusine such as Ceviche Mixto, papa a la huancaina, choros a la chaleca, arroz chaufa, and aji de gallena.  I guess Peruvian food is sort of like Hawaiian food.  Melting pot of many cultures from the Spaniards, the indiginous people, and Asian immigrants. It's quite out my way, so I can't imagine myself going there frequently, and I cannot vouch for the authenticity of the food as I have only had Pervucian food a couple of times, but I did like it.  It's certainly something slightly different from what I'm used to, and I'd have no hesitation returning should I happen to be in that par to town.
4	I was here during June 2012. I came to Vegas and was really craving Peruvian Cebiche. Not being frrom Vegas I called to make sure that they would be open and for the location. Since they were really close to closing I decided to call for 2 Cebiche Mixtos'. The only thing I was disappointed as far as Cebiche was that they did not offer spice. I am not an expert in Peruvian food but I do know my Peruvian food. Well, the waitress was really nice and allowed my group of 4 people to dine-in while she finish cleaning up, which I really appreciated! =]What I order:-Cebiche Misto: Really good (8/10)-Jalea: Eh (5/10- I do hate Jalea, I order it in accident, was drunk)- Chicha Morada: GREAT! It was really, really good, and the price for the pitcher was unbelievable (10/10)
4	I love my country and its food. Peruvian food is hands down my favorite and Im very happy to see that its getting more and more popular throughout the world. And now, in Las Vegas.There are a couple of options in town and Las Americas is one of the top ones that have its pros and cons.Pros are simple: The food. It tastes awesome and portions are good. Im getting punched by Incas right and left when I take a bite of anything that I order. And I ordered everything  already..dont judge me. They have this hang over secret called "Leche de tigre" (means tiger milk but its not real tiger milk) it is very sour but its liquid cocaine for me. The aji de gallina and carapulcra taste like heaven. See, Las Americas has some plates that other Peruvian restaurants don't dare to have .Very authentic dishes like Patita con Mani or chicharron breakfast. Every dish taste good and the presentation is good as well.Price is also in the Pros department. Comparing between the other spots in town, this place is really affordable. With a very big menu you can chose to be budget conscious or just go all out on a gallore of Peruvian food indulgence.Cons are a couple : Location. It is not located in the best side of town. Ive seen (and filmed) a couple of homeless people fights at the parking lot , had some people selling random things walking into the restaurant (and they let them) or just some ghetto /dangerous situations. If you took the bus , good for you, but I drive there andit is a little scary to leave your car outside. At least you can see your car through the windows.Another thing I don't like is the decoration. It looks cheesy/ghetto.It makes me sad sometimes because it scares people out. Just doesn't look good. For example I was eating my delicious carapulcra on a MonteCarlo casino plate and im sure they are not part of the chain.I cant bring a group here because it just doesn't look good and even though the food is good , presence and location will murder the experience for a Peruvian food noob.The chef is awesome. He cooks and checks on you while you are dining. For a small stablishment I think that was a pretty cool touch. The servers are nice. Always smiling and greeting; However they tend to forget things . Today they forgot two things on my order and refills were taking a while. I give them a B for effort and warmth but theycould do betterRide your LLama but leave your Drama when you get there!
5	Decided to try this place while visiting the city. Living in CA, I can find lots of Peruvian restaurants However, most of them tend to have the same dishes in their menu (lomo saltado, seco de cabrito, aji de gallina, tallarines verdes, causa, ceviche, etc).The first thing that caught my attention was the variety in the menu: Mondongo (tripe), patita con mani (beef feet), carapulcra, among others. I really recommend their tamales (Peruvian tamales are different to Mexican tamales).I ended up going twice during that trip just to try more dishes. I'm Peruvian, if it matters.
4	This restaurant is fantastic.Food is authentic, decently priced and totally delicious. The staff is very nice and helpful if you don't know anything about Peruvian food.Unfortunately it is very far from the strip in the hood, so a cab may be pricey if you are visiting.
5	Hands down, BEST peruvian restuarant I've been to.  Our family came from out of town and after visiting the strip, we were tired and really hungry.  Peruvian food was all on our minds, and I'm so glad it was! My husband can't stop talking about their ceviche.  Keep doing what you're doing over there! It's fabulous! A diamond in the rough :)
4	Although this restaurant's food will never be as good as my mother-in-law's Peruvian food, I must say it is the most authentic in Vegas. It is not an upscale location, but the food is the star. The service is always good. If you're looking for authenticity, then this is the place to visit and try. You might make it a regular place to visit like my hubby and I have!
5	I must say I've been coming to this place since back when it was called "el tumi" (i was about 11 years old)! Me and my family have always missed getting pollo a la brasa ever since we left peru. so we got recommended to this place, their chicken here is as good as it gets. Ive been to other peruvian restaurants and none have a chicken like this one. The chicken is just delicious, and well seasoned and reminds me of back home. their ceviche is good also, as well as the arroz chaufa. The one thing that disappointed me was the anticuchos. but then again i have yet to go to a peruvian restaurant that serves a GOOD anticucho. I give this place 5 stars because of their chicken, and because the place itself is very authentic. I've seen the bussiness grow throughout all this time and i must say that this has to be one of the best peruvian restaurants in town.
5	My first time here, very impressed.  The grilled chicken is a must try for sure.  If you get there at around noon, they are coming off the grill and very full of flavor.
3	My husband was raving about this place "you gotta try their chicken!" But honestly I thought it was mediocre. We ordered the beef heart to start but they never brought it out, the fries weren't even fresh, they use  frozen potatoes. I really wanted to like this place but it was just a "meh".
4	Great food, always consistent. We are regulars there. The only reason I don't give five stars is because the waitress never speaks directly to me when the family orders (in spanish). But, when it's time to pay the bill is always placed next to me. Lol...the funny part is all of my inlaws know the owners. Anyway the food is great & we vist 2 - 4 times a month.
4	Very satisfied, went here summer 2013. Food was nice well seasoned and spicy.
5	The food was wonderful the lomo saltado took me back to the flavors I  previously found in Peru . The service and price was top notch I recommend this place 100%  if you are in the mood for some good peruvian food
4	So my husband is Peruvian. When his grandparents are out of town and they obviously can't cook for us, we like to stop by Las Americas to get in our fix.I've traveled to Peru twice and have been eating the food for years, so I'm familiar with how it should taste. Las Americas does a great job with their recipes. The food really tastes authentic and makes you forget that you're still in the States. My favorite dishes here are aji de gallina and pollo a la brasa. I also drink about half my weight in chicha, which is a drink made of purple corn. It tastes like this weird iced tea, but it's sweet and delicious. My family has never complained about the food and this is a regular spot for all of us.The ambiance of the restaurant is casual, yet a bit relaxing. The windows are blacked out, so the temperature always stays cool and the sun won't ever glare in your eyes. The restaurant also has large pictures of various regions of Peru, which is a beautiful sight and perfect for photo op's with your family. Las Americas sometimes has live music on the weekends and they also serve picarones on Saturdays. They sell some Peruvian goodies like alfajores (my fave!), turron, Inka Kola, and they even sell custom cakes. The servers are always friendly. Check it out!
4	The Aji Di Gallina is fabulous.  We had another dish that was beef in a red sauce but it was not as good as the Aji Di Gallina.  Creamy, spicy, comforting and tasty!  The server was very friendly and very attentive.  Big portions, lots of starch if you are hungry and nice atmosphere.  Will definitely return and try some of their grilled meats and yes, the Aji Di Gallina again..  It is that good.
4	The ckn was very tasty and fresh. Great value for $17 whole ckn with 2 large sides. Large space with friendly service.
5	My favorite Peruvian restaurant in Las Vegas. Friendly service, good prices and the food taste is very consistent. As a Peruvian this is as close as you can get to authentic Peruvian cuisine in Las Vegas.
5	First time here , Is very spacious, clean, services was great!!!The Food was delicious I will be back for sure to try more... I will definitely  recommend to check it out...
5	Great food! Real authentic. This restaurant has great ambience. Prices seem pretty reasonable, there are a bunch of dishes I wanna try but for now it'll be my weekly lunch spot.
