1	I stopped into this location at 11:30 am. The parking lot was clean and the entry doors appeared clean. I needed to scan my CVS card and this location was convenient to my next work stop. When I entered I looked for the scan machine, it was not by the front register. I looked about the store for signage that might have directed me to this little jewel of a machine. I didn't see any. From experience, I headed to the pharmacy dept, there is usally one in that section. I didn't see the machine. I went to use the restroom, HUGE mistake. The restroom was filthy! (mirrors, sinks, papers on the floor, fecal material on the toilet seats). There were no toilet seat liners available or disposal paper towels. Luckily I carry hand sanitizer at all times. I could not believe how neglected this facility was especially when I associate CVS with health care. This was horrible. I never did find the scan machine and will never go back to this location!
5	By far the most friendly and helpful pharmacy staff in the valley!
4	Addicted to the extra bucks. They keep getting me to come back and buy more.
5	I love this pharmacy! They're always super busy but also amazingly friendly & helpful! They always have my rx and unlike Walgreens, they take a fraction of the time to get me in and out! Even better, I've yet to meet a CVS pharmacist with the odd blend of delusions of grandeur & some type of cowardly laziness, that most Walgreens pharmacists suffer from. Although I'm surrounded by several Walgreens (maybe there a cult? ;-)   ) I'll always take the trip here from now on!
4	Pretty decent location that's open 24 hoursThe pharmacy here is great but almost always super busy. Give yourself and extra 10 minutes leeway when you come over to pick up a prescription. Their cosmetic section is up to date with the latest offerings - According to my wife ;)Parking is available in abundance.
5	The pharmacist named Patricia was very friendly and nice. My doctor sent an e-prescription and written a control medication. When i came to drop off my control script to have it filled, they asked for my insurance.  So what happened was that my electronic prescription was filled before my insurance arrived with my hard copy prescription. So the pharmacist ringed me up and caught that my insurance was only billed for one medication instead of 2 so she took the time to re-run it through. Saves me 20 dollars which was awesome or else I would have just paid and left. I have worked at few retail pharmacies and I have never seen a pharmacist spending so much time counseling their patients even if the days were slow. To my surprise, she patiently went through the medications with me in detail. I have never heard or experience such a thorough counseling. Hence, she's my retail pharmacist role model when I graduate from Midwestern.
