5	The Tri Centre is Scotland's only store fully dedicated to triathletes and so aims to fulfil all their requirements for such a harrowing pastime.  They sell good quality mountain bikes, running trainers with state of the art cushioning and thermal swimsuits.  In addition, they also sell a range of accessories like goggles, lightweight, weatherproof jackets, sports watches and even training manuals.  The staff are all friendly and know plenty about the sport.  I had a chat with one of the guys inside and he told me all about the different levels at which you can compete in the sport.  The highest is an Iron Man which consists of a 2.4 mile swim, a 112 mile bike and finished off with a marathon - easy! It obviously requires some serious and durable kit to get anyone through that which, naturally, comes at a price to match, and The Tri Centre is the place to find it.
5	I use the Tri-centre mainly because they have cyclocross specific knowledge, are near my house and have a coffee shop attached, but also because they are a friendly helpful bunch who know their sports. Several times I've been in and they've recommended kit and I have not been disappointed. I really feel you get good value for money when shopping at your LBS (local bike shop) rather than ordering online. They will quite often recommend you DONT buy the most expensive, rather buy the item that's best for you. All the guys in there are racers and therefore know their nutrition as well, but in the sense that they will recommend based on personal experience. I prefer this to someone saying "THIS IS THE BEST THING EVER". Different things work for different people. They do stock Stinger gels (until they sell out!) which I know some people lose their s*** over. I find them a bit sickly but each to their own! They stock LOADS of Triathlon stuff and I would recommend anyone starting out popping in to get stoked about all the lovely kit you could own. I certainly try to pop in from time to time to encourage saving my pennies to buy a decent bike. I think they also do kit rental if you're not sure what you want to buy. They are also a shop that gets involved. They run swimming sessions in lochs regularly through the summer helping people get used to open water swimming. They also sponsored and ran a race at dunbar in the scottish cyclocross series which was a triumph. It was an absolutely brilliant course and provided hundreds of people a fantastic day out. All in all I recommend checking them out. Remember with a specialist shop or your LBS  you get much more than just what you're buying. You get advice, an experience, and usually - much less hassle if something breaks or needs to be returned. You'd miss them if they weren't there!
4	I got a pair of cycling gloves here when I had an outdoor cycle ahead of me, and no gloves. Makes sense really. Amidst my running and yoga, cycling has become a newer hobby and one which I'm not fully up to ideal equipment level with. I have the bike. And a waterproof jacket. And running leggings. Oh, and a helmet. But I don't have waterproof trousers, and I didn't have winter cycling gloves.The Tri Centre didn't have a massive range: only light blue in the small ladies style. But it was just after Christmas, and the lady told me they had shifted a lot of stock over Christmas.I had a wee peek at their running clothes too. No 'Nike' or 'Reebok' there, just an unknown-to-me brand. Maybe it's very good for cycling?As a non-serious cyclist (no clip-ons for this girl) I can't tell what the quality and standard is. But you can tell they take their cycling seriously. And they were friendly. And my gloves kept my hands warm, hurrah!
