5	My husband and I have both been recent patients of Dr. David Bates and I can tell you from our experience--5 stars all the way! I will let him update you on his experiences.I hurt my foot recently at the gym and Dr. Bates was able to see me the same day when I booked my appointment on Zoc Doc. Loved being able to fill out forms and have everything ready BEFORE I get there. Loved that I could get x-rays done of my injury ON SITE. Loved how quickly I was seen by the Dr. Loved that I could be fitted with an immobility boot ON SITE. Dr. Bates was an excellent listener who was empathetic yet clinical but not so much that he talked over my head. He explained how my injury happened, gave examples, and shared with me what I can do to prevent it in the future. Very impressed with Dr. Bates and am glad he's in my corner as a healthcare provider!
5	I would like to first start off by saying thank you Dr Bates and thank you ANGIE. I had a incident with a pyrex dish earlier in December and I lost, I went to an urgent care and I remove all of the glass huh so I thought. While I'm in Phoenix on business the pain was becoming very annoying to the point to where something had to be done I was given Dr Bates phone number by an office that was too busy, not customer-friendly, and very inconsiderate. Yay for me!!!! A few things to about Dr Bates not only was he not 65 ( not sure why I thought he was the old man ) but he was very personable and you could tell the relationship that he had with his staff (pitching in to help out)and the caring personality he showed for his patients. I started off explaining that I have a zero tolerance for pain and he appreciated that because what he didn't know is that I can be pretty animated. The worst thing turns out to be the best thing because he gave me step by step of what he was going to do. He started my off with frozen foot and a needle that made me question if he liked me or not, he laughed and paused for moment(if I can get them to laugh then I know that they are comfortable too ) he assured me that I was in good hands NO LIE so far so good I'm walking a little bit better the glasses out. He advised that in a few days if it felt like something was still there come back for CT scan and on Wednesday an anesthesiologist will be in the office if you need to put me out. Thanks Dr Bates and Staff...sorry ANGIE again for being so emotional, but thank you even more for being understanding you guys totally rock!!!!Thanks, AP
5	If you are ever in need of a podiatrist this is the place for you.  I recently moved back to the West Valley and was still experiencing heel pain (even though I saw a foot doctor in Phoenix).  Hands down, Dr. Bates and his staff were the best.  They really listened to my issues.  My foot started feeling so much better after the procedure (shot of corodisone).  I feel so lucky having found Dr. Bates.  Yes, I found him here on Yelp.
5	Dr. Bates and his entire office are a first class experience.  Professional scheduling and billing in the front office (which is a big deal) as well as caring and helpful medical assistants in his office.I have struggled with foot pain and Dr. Bates has been a tremendous help at every turn including non-invasive surgery.  I am a big fan and simply could not say enough!  Dr. Bates is a straight shooter that keeps acronyms and complex medical speak to a minimum.  Five stars for this trusted medical provider!!!!
5	Dr. Bates is the best doctor I've ever dealt with -- listens, provides real solutions, and doesn't require 4 appointments for the things that are able to be done in 1. Excellence is rare these days.
