4	This was the highlight of a wasted 2 hours or so on the way from Tucson to Sedona yesterday.  This and the magnificent sculpture of the horse in the parking lot of the strip mall that houses the restaurant.  The horse is a combination of chromed and rusted metal and found objects, larger than life and probably comes from a gallery here in Sedona.  We were on a fool's errand, looking for an arts and crafts show that was described as one of the 3 best in the nation.  Not by MY standards.  In fairness, I didn't look at all the offerings, probably not even half, but was I saw would have been juried out of the Brookside Art Annual in KC.  But on to this wonderful restaurant, a homey little cafe that we wandered into by chance.  It was fairly new but our waitress was an older woman who called us darlin'.  Tam, don't read any farther...  We both ordered their special green salad topped by small scoops of chicken salad, egg salad and tuna salad, each one excellent.  It was a light, pleasant lunch and very satisfying.  And Tam, I know you didn't listen to me and you just threw up in your mouth.  One of these days you'll learn...
4	I had the tuna salad here the other day and it was great.  Fresh and tasty.  I liked it so much, I took my out of town guest there for breakfast and that was pretty good too.  Friendly service and good food.
5	I visited the Octagon Cafe during my visit to AZ with my fiance and we had a wonderful time. We chose to sit out on the patio as it was a beautiful day and the view of the gigantic fountain is breathtaking! The food is fantastic! I had the chicken salad which I was told it is a homemade recipe.... it was delicious. The iced tea is amazing as well...be sure to try both flavors.They have a full bar and beer on tap....including Stella which is one of my favs. The staff are friendly and the owner Jim takes time to great every one who enters and made us feel right at home. If you find yourself in Fountain Hills do yourself a favor and check out the Octagon Cafe!
4	I love Octagon Cafe for lunch. It has been nice to watch it develop over the years. I always get the turkey and avocado sandwich with the lunie birdie salad (a awesome take on Waldorf with candied pecans and AMAZING chicken salad on top). Their salad is one of their strong points (don't get me wrong their sandwiches are great too, but I actually crave the salad). Another big win for them is the iced tea. I am a huge iced tea person. They have this apricot mango tea  (unsweetened) that is just awesome. Octagon is a great place for lunch conversation with its relaxed quiet atmosphere. You can sit on the patio if you'd like to watch the Fountain as it goes off. Also, once you are done, if you are still hungry, they have great frozen yogurt (not on the menu) and you can add toppings to it. I like to get swirl with Oreo and the candied pecans. Talk about yum!
3	Must've gone on an off day, because I didn't find the food here very good at all.Stopped in here with my son after some splash pad fun at the Fountain Hills park.  We sat outside and it was a gorgeous day.Service was great--our server was prompt, friendly, and knowledgeable.  I wanted a steak caesar but they didn't have steak.  So instead I got a cobb salad.  Bad, bad, bad.  The chicken was sooo overdone, it was beyond dry.  The avocado and egg were fresh.  The lettuce was nasty--bitter, hardly any leaf, just nasty.  My son just had a hot dog and chips, which tasted like...well, a hot dog and chips.I may try this place again if we're at the splash pad again.  I hope if I do that it's better the second time around
3	Cute little place, directly adjacent to Fountain Park. Nice patio, with great view of the lake, and the world famous fountain.Free Wi-Fi, and the house coffee is delicious!Distinct lack of available outlets (I spotted two in the dining area), so don't plan on spending too much time here if you need power.They serve The Republic of Tea brand tea, so if that's your thing, you're in luck.Server Julia was friendly and smiling, but not terribly speedy.The Foursquare listing has a "tip" that reports $400 pancakes, however the menu offers no evidence that is true.Men's room lacked soap in the dispenser, a pet peeve of mine.Given the location, I'm not highly likely to return. However, if I were in Fountain Hills, visiting the fountain, I'd probably drop in...
2	Well the waitress was really nice and was working hard.    But she had to do the place on her own.   Food came out cold.   :(
1	I have NO idea how on earth it stays open.  The only thing it has going for it is the location on the Fountain...and that is it.
1	this place started out real good but then it kind of went down hill.  The food is usually good only if someone serves you.  My friend and I went in for breakfast, the wait staff sat us and gave us menus but that is about it.  She never came back even after we requested our order be taken, she basically ignored us so after 45 minutes we got up and left.  Then we emailed the manager who said he would fire the waitress and low and behold the waitress is still there.  I went back and tried to order again on a different day and again the wait staff ignored me and the same story avoid this place.  The wait time and sucky service does not make up for the food or the management
