3	I've had mexican food at several (okay... a lot) of different places in the 4 years that I've lived in Arizona. This place was "A-OK", just as the 3-star rating I gave would imply. This location has a drive-through window, but we came to learn, you can't order from the drive through window - it's only there for people to pick up phone orders. So, we went inside. The young employee at the counter couldn't have shown any less enthusiasm about her job. She was mumbling and I had to ask her to repeat a couple of her questions to us. We got our food within 5 minutes and took it home to devour it as we were both pretty darn hungry. I got the 2 tacos and rice meal - one chicken taco and one beef taco. The beef was very dry, but the chicken was pretty darn good. The tacos were only topped with lettuce. The food was good, but I think pretty "average" for mexican food in Arizona. I'm sure I'll be back (mostly because my boyfriend was saying "nom" in between bites of his burrito and it's so close to our house. haha).
4	Some Burros is hard to beat for cheap and unhealthy Mexican.  Even a place like Filiberto's that competes strictly on price is an afterthought for me.  I can go to Some Burros for almost the same price, and while the portions are smaller than Fili, you actually get decent food.  I really like the red burro with beans.  The lean beef chunks are stewed until they are fork-tender.  I also really like the beef and potato tacos, which is a combo that can be hard to find.They have a lot of tasty options on the menu to keep you coming back.  However, I try not to eat here more than once a month or so, as it's carb and fat overload to eat at a place like this often.
4	Excellent food for the money. Hard to beat the chicken tacos and burros.
4	This place is pretty good for a fast food joint. I like that they have some vegetarian options. I like their salsa and I like the flavor of the red enchilada sauce. This place is usually pretty clean. The only downside is if you come when its busy there is never any free tables which can be a problem for my family of 5.
4	Always have to get the Pollo Fundido.  Can't go wrong with that.  It's even better on Wednesday's.  $5.
1	Very disappointed in this place.  Was told they had very good mexican food.  We ate here last week and have to say that we didnt like it at all.  The messed up the order a few times and then the food was not much better than taco bell.  Definitely not authentic food.  We will not be going back
4	Red chili burritooooooos. Delicious. However, this one takes forever to complete your order. It's happened more than once.
4	The chicken fundido is excellent. It will fill you up and you will not leave disappointed.
4	I've been going to Someburros with my family since it first opened in Tempe on Baseline & Mill way back in 1986 or so. I live in Chandler now so we go to this one most of the time. It's good food. I like the tacos, the pollo fundido, the green chili, the rod burro, the refried beans, and the rice. It's not 5 star food but it's 4-star and that beats a lot of the others. We like casual dining so this place works for us.
3	I've been on a enchilada-style veggie burro kick lately so I decided to try Some Burros before going to work last week.That was a mistake. Not because I had a bad experience, but my meal put me into a sluggish food coma that was difficult to shake. The burrito was pretty good. I liked the whole pinto beans instead of refried beans that I'm used to. The enchilada sauce was on the bland side but the salsa helped that. The onions were overpowering, but the sharp cheddar cheese within and on top of the burrito was very good.Bonus points for the clean restaurant and fast, friendly service.
1	Read the reviews and had hopes for this place, which is fairly close. All I can say is "YUCK!" Ordered a cheese enchilada and it was a cold unflavorful lump of cheese in a greasy, stale thick tasteless shell. Are you kidding me? Bland rice and beans. Others in our party ordered chicken tacos and found them to be about the same as my enchilada- substitute gross lump of dry flavorless chicken. The only happy person in our party was a ten year old who had ordered the fish tacos. He liked them, because, he said, they tasted like fortune cookies!
5	Great food, great service! Keep up the great work!
1	Was looking forward to decent food. Ordered a green corn tamale and cheese enchilada to go. What a mistake. The green sauce on the tamale was very watery, there was very little cheese, and the tamale was all masa with a few green chilis, no corn or cheese. Won't be going back.
3	I have been a loyal Some Burros customer for at least 20 years.  My kids don't know that other mexican food exists.We recently moved closer to where the San Tan location is located and we dine there often.Over the years, we have noticed changes, small ones, but we have noticed.  We have noticed that the portions seem to be getting smaller and the prices seem to be going up.Tonight, we dined at the San Tan location and really noticed these changes.  Ordering the same thing we always do, we noticed that we received less food and paid about $4 more than we have in the past.  We ordered a cheese crisp and it was significantly smaller than in the past and there was hardly any cheese on it.  The side of refried beans was smaller than in the past as well.  I swear the burros are shrinking, too.  While it is great that they are offering breakfast and alcohol for those that want it, are the rest of us paying the price for the new offerings?  And the "real" plates and flatware as well?  Losing the waste of the styrofoam plates is a plus for the environment, but I think that the increased cost of using the real stuff is being passed on to the consumer.  I also think that it takes away from the fast food nature of the place.  Don't get me wrong, I love Some Burros and I won't stop going there.  But honestly, it is going to be less frequent if I get less and have to pay more.
1	Im a huge fan of someburros but this location has drastically lesser quality foid than others. My chicken taco had barely a tablespoon of chicken inside and my cheese crisp was literally cheese-less! I asked for a new one at was glared at. Spending money on gas driving to another location is worth it.
5	Delicious food and very fast. Usually use the to go service which is always promt.
2	The owners of Some Burros need to do a secret shop to see what is happening at their restaurant.We were in the mood for good mexican food and decided to give them a try.  When we came in and ordered, we began to feel that we may have made the wrong choice.  The kid at the counter had no interest in being there.  I understand that a job as a cashier is not ideal, but try your best to make the most of it.  My wife ordered a beer to which the kid responded "whatever".  I assume that is because he could not take the order due to his age, but his attitude seemed to be the norm at what is loosely described as a restaurant.The food was horrendous.  My wife's taco shells were old and the beef tasted off.  All of our food was luke warm at best, just like the two beers we ordered.  The kid that brought out our food was kind enough, but his kindness could not make up for the quality of the food.  We left a comment card with my phone number so I could chat with the manager about the experience to give them the benefit of the doubt.  I don't want things for free, I just want owners to know what is going on so they can make their business better.  I did not get a call which leads me to believe either the comment card was tossed or the message did just not get through.Some Burros could be great, but they need to get back to basics.
4	Always delicious all the time .Friendly and fast service even when it is really busy.!
4	Good food and pretty fast service.. We like the chimichangas and the chicken tacos.Service was good. Food was fresh.  Fair priced restaurant.
4	I love this place! The food tastes great- I like  that they have a whole bean burrito with avocado slices in it.  Their iced tea is good too.Plus they sell a great refillable cup and you get a much cheaper drink when you bring it with you. I use the cup all the time too at my desk. They also recently started using regular plates and silverware in the restaurant, reducing trash.  love when chain restaurants do this. It shows that you can still make a profit and reduce waste.You can also call in your order and use the drive thru window to pick it up. that's convenient!The only reason I dropped off a star on the rating is this- if you order food there you get a side of chips included. If you order food to go you have to pay for the side of chips. What the heck is that about?
5	Someburro's is hands down the best fast Mexican food in Phoenix!  Friendly staff, great food and atmosphere. I love the chicken taco! The prices are acceptable and there are always dollar off and buy one get one coupons floating around. This is a must eat if your in the area!
1	TERRIBLE customer service. We came in at 8:30 Sunday night and two teen servers argued about who was going to have to take our order. One sulky brunette refused , and the other girl reluctantly took our order, after letting us stand there a few minutes while she was messing around with the chips. At least five teenagers on staff there but it would be a stretch to say any of them were "working". Went to salt my avocado salad and someone loosened the top of the shaker so salt poured all over the salad. Bunch of brats!
4	My coworkers usually pick up food to go.  I have never experience dining in until recently.  I was very surprised to see that they service complimentary chips.  Nice!  I had the crunchy taco, normally at other places (Filiberto's) its greasy and soggy but at Some Burros it was super crunchy.  The red chili burrito is amazing, it isn't bland, its very tasty.  We will definitely come back.
3	This my first time here I ordered a Chicken Chimichanga dreaming big. I was greatly disappointed in the portion size for the price. I asked for their "Hot Sauce" and it was quite bland and without any kick. I'll come back to give the beef a try but I don't have great expectations.
3	First off, this place is busy every time we come for dinner, so they must be doing something right. The Pollo Fundido is the reason you come to Some Burros. So good. Probably not good for you due to deep frying the whole thing, but it is delicious.I can't vouch for how fresh the food is--our meal came out as soon as we sat down, which is nice, but they must have some of the food prepared ahead of time.  Not entirely sure of their operation in the kitchen, they may cook everything fresh, but just something I noticed on this visit. And the salsa is nothing to brag about--bland and tasteless.My wife and I usually split the Fundido and they actually split the meal for us unlike other places where they just give out an extra plate.  Not the most authentic Mexican food I've had--overall, it's just okay.
1	This has gone thru some changes last time I've been here. Now you get metal silver ware and real plates but some how the food got worse. I got the # 7 green chili burro with rice and beans and a child's cheese crisp and my food was kinda gross!! The flour tortilla was not warm nor hot and the green chili looks like dog food.  The food is NOT good. Taco Bell is better than this place.
4	I love it and keep coming back for more! Everything here is good especially the salsa! Excellent bang for its buck! I recommend this place to everyone!
1	I must say I was terribly disappointed with my visit.  I grew up on tamales and was excited to try them here.  When I did. I found minimal meat, chewy cornmeal and overall lack of taste.  The olive placed inside too up a larger area (if looking from the side) than the meat did.  Chips and salsa were good.  But that alone can't cause me to like this place.
5	Fantastic Mexican food!Stopping in yesterday for a quick bite was a pleasantly surprising experience, especially after reading some less than flattering reviews.This is a great place to swing by for lunch if you are a vegetarian - sorry, I cannot speak for the carnivores. The beans and rice are wonderful, especially when topped with their guacamole, pico de avocado and other salsas. Not having had other menu items I cannot comment further.A clean restaurant that serves great food with fast, friendly service. What's not to love? I will definitely dine here next time I find myself in this area of town.
2	Three times they have left out items for our order. Strike three, we won't be going back. Food is ok about the same as a filibertos but without the competence of a hole in the wall restaurant. Too bad this was my wife's favorite place to go when she was pregnant.
2	Horrible salsa and awful, stale chips. Mediocre fish tacos and they don't have black beans! Seriously?
4	Pretty decent food, never had anything resembling service problems like some on here have stated
1	Very expensive for the quality of the food the pollo magnifico had no taste in addition they charge extra for the green sauce with out telling the costumer. That is my opinion.
1	This is the worst Mexican food I have ever had.  The "green sauce" was tasteless white gravy goop.  The salsa tasted more like ketchup than salsa.  We saw a clip on the news about the family and thought how cool.  Never again.  I left 3/4 of my enchilada on the plate and all the chips.  Too bad!
5	Classic! Love this place. Home town owners with several locations. Food is soooo yummy.
4	Pretty good food. Price was right and service was quick. Would definitely recommend. Dining area is spacious. Best part was the chips and salsa which was pretty tasty.
4	The food is good here as long as you manage your expectations. Nothing real creative and pretty much the same Sonoran Mexican dishes you get pretty much everywhere else. The staff are usually very young and need to work on their people skills. Having said that, the food has never disappointed me.
4	Best chips n salsa. I wanna take the whole bottle to myself. When I have parties  at home I order the Fiesta platters. Everything here is good. Only reason I gave 4 stars n not 5 is cause one time I went in n they ran out of Pollo fundido. Gave me a regular chicken burrito. I was looking forward to fundido. Anything fried is better right? Fast service..clean restaurant
4	Came in...ordered food....got served...ate. It was that simple. I got the chicken fundido being that I'm on the slightly hungover side. It really satisfied my cravings of Mexican food. I enjoy the simplicity of a burrito stuffed with chicken and smothered in fundido. The rice is delicious. One suggestion: if you and your partner are debating on getting a side of rice or beans, know that "sides" can easily fill 2 people
5	Very good food, freshly made.  Been to 3 of their restaurants and have never been disappointed.  Love the atmosphere inside and the outside patio seating is very comfortable. Highly recommended.  Prices are easy on the wallet.
3	Very good for fast food. A go to place for us when we need to eat in a hurry. The only thing they could improve on is cosistancy. Sometimes the food comes out vey hot (which I love). Sometimes it comes out lukewarm.
