4	From the Jerusalem kids next door comes Aly Baba - all the cheap, tasty hits (falafel, shawarma, kebab, etc) in a sit-down, less linoleumed setting. Still 4 bucks and still my fav in town - ze falafel. One of only a couple veggie staples on the menu but a sweet rendition - 3 fried chickpea balls, chopped tomato, hummus, pickles, hot sauce, wrapped in lavash like a mini burrito, 4 bucks. If you're eating this on the go, you're going to need napkins (pita-stuffed 'lafel doesn't suffer this fate, rawr). Hummus and ganoush delish. A larger, more comprehensive (read:meatfull) menu for the rest of ya.Service smiley and efficient. Palatial side yard full of running fountains, wrought iron and stonework - comfy and gorgeous, with some goldfish darting around for added awesome factor.We lost a rad Viet place. But this'll do just fine when the falafel need hits.
4	Four yelp stars may not be enough (4 1/2) for today!Thanks  Julia S. I'm eating here sooner.  Nearly 2:00pm Today - I take my unyelped self to Aly Baba - Time for a review!  I'm the only customer, though not for long!  Others arrive and eat outside.  They have large outdoor dinng spaceThe service is very good!!!  Everyone is very friendly!Beef Shawarma Sandwich with Tahini and a side of Cucumber Sauce, Mmmmmmm - very good - Beef sliced very thin with an tasty pickle and red onion wrapped in pita bread, wrapped in foil (this is very good) in case I did not wash my hands and so it does not fall through the end.  Next Tabouli : Parsley, a little onion, a small amount of tomato, probably a hint of garlic, cracked Wheat???, olive oil and mine had lemon today!Dessert: Baklava and not the kind soaked in honey or annoying syrup - This is the Baklava I love!!!  Not sure, I'm guessing this is a more Lebanese style of Baklava On my way to the front to pay one of the cooks brings out this 18 inch piece of flat bread for the owner and server to sample.  With the right hand gesture I indicated I would like to taste it as well.  She gave me a bite size taste and when I complimented it I got a huge chunk to eat on my way home!!!  Told Ya!
1	This was really bad. Do not waste your time or money.  Bad customer service. Does not honor coupons that they advertise.  Food was disgusting and you could tell it was from last week.  Should never have even walked in the door. Thank god there is an urgent care down the street from me that can pump out the only two bites of food I actually ate.
3	Good food but very slow. reasonably priced
2	The food was okay nothing to write home about.  I should have read the post before comin. However, I was with another volunteer who wanted to eat here. The service was half ass.  I do not recommend this place.
2	I went there twice, once in Ramadan 2011 and it was horrible. I decided to give it another chance this Ramadan and it didn't change my mind one bit! The Shawarma is a sad execuse for a Shawarma sandwitch, by far the worst I had in the U.S. The Baba Ganouj is weak and not tasty and the service is slow. The atmosphere is dull and depressing, I guess that's why they hired a "hot" blond waitress with big you-know-what! To try to push traffic to the rest. but it's not working for me.
4	I see it's been a while since the last review of this place.  Maybe they changed ownership, management, or kitchen staff, but, we went on a rainy day last week and found the place nearly empty except for a couple of men in the corner eating and arguing in Arabic.  The waiter was a handsome lad with a huge smile and eager to help.  We listened to the specials and my wife and I ordered lamb, and beef kabobs, lentil soup, felafel, tabbouleh, hummus, and rice, we also got pickled cucumbers and turnip with warm pita bread and hot mint tea to wash it all down. The service and all the food was top-notch.  The pickles and bread were good and the lentil soup was clean, silky and very flavorful.  The felafel was the best i have ever had. The halal meat was a little dry (some people say that is usually the case) but very flavorful with a nice char.,  Hummus was very good and the tabbouleh was as clean, fresh and flavorful as any i have had.  The rice was a heavenly scented plate of goodness topped with almonds.  All in all, a rainy day well spent and a meal worthy of a sultan.
4	We arrived before the restaurant opened so they weren't quite ready for service, but that didn't stop the chef from coming out and personally apologizing for the wait we had in the parking lot, then shortish wait (all things considered) at the table. The waitress was also very friendly and accommodating. I'm sure the atmosphere is absolutely charming (if somewhat 'rustic and funky', but I like that!) when they are going, but it's hard to tell when you are already waiting as they're arriving so I can't really comment. There is a beautiful little courtyard with fountains that I'm sure is wonderful on a warm evening.  There is a wifi hotspot for TWC with a nice strong signal here if you have it so I'm listing it as 'paid wifi' since it's not open to all. But if you're a TWC customer already with access as part of your service you're set.My friend and I ordered different foods so we could mix and match and all of them were exceptionally well done. I was tempted to walk into the kitchen and hug the chef! Below is what we ordered and the overall opinion of each (actually the food alone is closer to 5 stars):Kefta Kabob (a blend of seasoned beef and lamb, grilled perfectly with plenty of pink - comes with 2 sides)Lamb Kabob (very tender chunks of seasoned lamb, also perfectly grilled with plenty of pink - also comes with 2 sides)Hummus (very well done, it was creamy and flavorful and had no bitterness some hummus can have - served sprinkled with fresh parsley and spices then drizzled with rich olive oil)Babaghanouj (excellent, I'm a sucker for good babaghanouj - served sprinkled with fresh parsley and spices then drizzled with rich olive oil)Fattoush (I can never say no to good fattoush when it's on the menu - very well dressed with lemon and good quality olive oil, the toasted bread was still crunchy and all of the chopped veggies and herbs were clearly very fresh)
5	Oh my god, they have kibbeh. And it's awesome. The babaganoush was good, the lamb was tasty. Now, the service ... well, it's kind of slow, but forgivable. They gave us decent portions and my friend and I left happy campers. Totally recommend.
