5	I tried to stop in last night but they close at 6p:(  But I made it there today:)  Cute little shop with homemade cupcakes.  Yes, I said homemade because they reminded me of my mother's cupcakes.  Remember growing up and coming home from school and having fresh baked cupcakes for a treat.  Exactly...  I tried the vanilla cupcake with the cotton candy frosting, I didn't even sit down and it was gone instantly.  YUM!  I cannot wait to try the vanilla/vanilla-its sitting in the box calling my name.  I am trying to ignore it, I don't know how much longer I can wait.  The flavors vary daily.  I printed out the menu and circled the flavors I want to try.  I am looking forward to the salted caramel!  Oh, and the iced tea is fresh brewed.  Delish.  I can't wait to eat what is in my bakery box and go back for more flavors.  And it was so great to meet Rachel the owner, who actually runs the store herself.  Did I tell you this is my latest and greatest find???  So close to the house...  It's Ok, I might enjoy life a little more with a few cupcakes!
4	Yummy yummy!  I went there on a Saturday night to find that the owner was closing up.  They were sold out ... except he had one more cupcake he was taking home.  Seeing my disappointment when I went to the door and found it locked, he came back from his car and gave me his last cupcake.  Bannana-nut with cream cheese topping.  My only disappointment was that I had to share it with my wife.  I look forward to returning.
5	So good, so good, so good.  I am willing to pay $3 dollars for a cupcake.  They are amazing and worth sharing.
4	Today is (or should I say, was) the first day of my "no eating cupcakes" diet. However, the lure of "salted caramel" cupcakes was too much to bear, and I ended up trying TopIt Cupcakes.The storefront is really cute, and clean, and the people that work there are very nice!There is a little area on the wall where you can "top it" if you want to add to your cupcake toppings, as well ( I've never seen that before, but it's a great idea).Now, for the sugary details. I only ordered 2 cupcakes today (down from the normal 6, but I cannot continue to eat like this and fit in my skinny jeans!). Although I have never had a good peanut butter cupcake (usually too greasy) I ordered a peanut butter and jelly cupcake, and of course, salted caramel.Both of the cupcakes were good in flavor, but the salted caramel could've used more sea salt (just a tad more, mind you). The peanut butter and jelly (finally!) was my fave of the day. It was a white cupcake filled with grape jelly with peanut butter frosting (and, a little cookie on top). FINALLY, a cupcake store that got peanut butter right!Here's the negative on TopIt: Compared to Caketini (the best I've tasted so far) the cupcakes both were a little on the no-so-fresh-in-texture side. Not that the cupcakes were dry, but the tops were a little "crusty". I know...picky,picky, picky...I get that they don't use preservatives, and I am happy for that, but just a tad more on the fresh side would've snagged me for life...or the life of my skinny jeans...Also, these cupcakes are "normal" size, which I personally like better than the biggies at some of the other cupcake stores...Still, this place has a lot to offer in the cupcake world, and I'll definitely be back on Fridays for Cotton Candy, Malted Milk Ball and whatever I can stuff in my ever-growing tummy.
5	I found this business though Living Social on Facebook...I could not be happier to have found it.  Although my waistline will disagree!  The owners are friendly and fun spirited.  The cupcakes are AWESOME!!!  I know, you'll say...it's just cake.  NOT!  There cakes are amazing!  I went to another cupcake place; one that was on the popular hit tv show Cupcake Wars and was really disappointed...cupcakes were not cooked all the way and the frostings all tasted the same.  Top It is kid friendly and clean (until the kids get there) and their flavors are OFF THE HOOK!  I double dog dare you not to l ike their cupcakes.
5	I also found this place through Living Social. It's a good thing I did, because I've been looking for a good cupcakery close to home. The decor is really warm and the owners are very friendly. My wife and I took our two kids here on a Friday night to enjoy some tasty cupcake goodness. My favorite, by far, was the pancake cupcake with bacon sprinkled on top. I know, it sounds weird, but you definitely have to try it. My wife really loved the malt ball cupcake; which I also really enjoyed. My kids loved all of them, so no real review from them. TopIt is in a popular part of Gilbert; right in the heart of the civic center area. So, if you're out and about enjoying a good dinner at one of the many restaurants walk on over to TopIt and finish off the night with a yummy cupcake!
5	TopIt Cupcakes is the BEST cupcake shop in the area. The French Toast cupcake is amazing! You must try their truffles too!!! The kids love the cupcake topping bar too! I highly reccomend stopping if you are in Gilbert! You will not regret it!
2	I was a bit disappointed at topit cupcakes. I placed an order about a week before I wanted to pick up the cupcakes and when I arrived I still had to wait about 20 minutes for them to be finished. They seem to have not real organized way of keeping track of what customer is next. it was a bit of chaos trying to understand whoso place was in line. the gentleman working at the front even asked "who is next" The place was decorated nice and was very clean. as for the actual cupcakes while they are yummy I did not find them to be gourmet style and worth the $3 per cupcake. I recently moved from the Washington D.C area and had the luxury of George Town Cupcakes and they are spectacular!!! The cupcakes were a bit dry and the frosting was stale too. I am sorry to say that I will have to go else where in the future. On a side note if you ever find yourself in the D.C. metro area you MUST try Georgetown cupcakes. there is a reason people wait 90 minutes in line for them!
1	I have been there two different times.  Both times the cupcakes were over cooked and lacked flavor.  Even my 5 year old wouldn't eat them- a first.  The cream cheese icing is good.  The other buttercream was okay at best.  The Cupcake Cafe is far better for the same price and they deliver to my house.  Good luck, but I don't see it lasting.  Sorry.
1	Tried lots of cupcake/fancy cake stores around the valley- and this doesn't even come close. They are charging "Caketini" and "Sprinkles" prices for cupcakes that taste better at Fry's or Safeway. Yuck. My daughter wouldn't even finish hers- and she LOVES cupcakes. Normal size cakes- not worth the money. Dry and overcooked. ick. We all walked out thinking they won't last more than 6 months. Small storefront- but very clean. Owners were friendly. We will not return.
1	I was elated to see this new cupcake store in Gilbert right down the street from my work. My husband's birthday was on February 25th so I decided to get him 4 cupcakes from this place. The shop was a bit empty and cold feeling but I didn't let that stop me from buying some cupcakes. I purchased 4 cupcakes, the cotton candy flavored, the pancake and bacon cupcake, the red velvet, and the malt ball. In addition, I purchased another 3 cupcakes for me and my two co workers to try. In total, it cost 22.00 for 7 cupcakes. Expensive yes, but I figured that 4 were for my husbands birthday so it was ok to spend that once in a while. In any event, my co workers and I tried the cupcakes we had ordered (one pancake and bacon for me, one vanilla with milk chocolate frosting, and one vanilla, with vanilla frosting) the cakes themselves didn't have any flavor really especially the pancake one, and the milk chocolate frosting and vanilla frosting were overly sweet. So sweet that I cringed. The frosting on the pancake and bacon cupcake was good though and the bacon really made the cupcake. So all in all, I wasn't very excited with the cupcakes my and my co workers had tried but I saw some potential and even was considering going back and trying some of their other special cupcakes such as their PB and J. Then I took the 4 I ordered home to my husband hoping maybe he would enjoy them somewhat. When he removed the paper from the red velvet cupcake, there was a long hair sticking out the bottom of the cupcake. Completely unacceptable and disgusting. Needless to say, he didn't eat that cupcake and said he didn't want to eat any of the others which I can't blame him for. It was completely embarrassing. Not only that, I feel like it was a complete waste of money. I am not usually one to write a negative review but this place was very disappointing. I thought about calling to see if they would be willing to do anything but I keep thinking they probably wouldn't refund me and I sure as heck don't want coupons or something to go here again as I definitely wouldn't. Sorry Top it Cupcakes,  I gave you multiple chances, but you just didn't make the grade with me.
4	So I got the Livingsocial deal for six cupcakes from this place a few weeks ago. How could I say no to inexpensive cupcakes? So the BF and I went to get some cupcakes on friday night. I was really sad when we got there and they only had one pancake flavored cupcake left and it had bacon on it. I really wanted one, but i don't like bacon.... so the BF got the pancake with bacon *sigh. We also got a chocolate with chocolate filling, a red velvet, a vanilla cake with chocolate frosting, and, at the suggestion of the guy who works (manages? owns?) there, two malted milk ball. The cupcakes were overall really good. The BF enjoyed the pancake and bacon a lot and said it really tasted like breakfast. I thought the malted milk ball was super good, and I don't like malted milk balls. The red velvet was just ok, the cake was a little dry. The chocolate with chocolate was super tasty..... mmm chocolate awesomeness. So overall, this place was good. They didn't have the best cupcakes I have ever tasted, but they were solid cupcakes. The service was good and the store was clean. I would go back.
3	I am doing an update on Top It because the owners were nice enough to respond to my previous review and refund me for all of the cupcakes. They seemed genuinely caring and upset about what happened. It says a lot to me when a business is willing to acknowledge an issue and make it right so I am upping their rating to 3 stars. It seems fair to me since their cupcakes were simply ok in my opinion, still feel they were overpriced for what you received, however, their customer service was outstanding. Would I give them another shot? Probably not, however, I am rooting for them so I would encourage other people who are looking for cupcakes to try this place and form their own opinion   :)
5	I hate to admit to my sweet tooth - and I do keep it under control most of the time. But I did succumb today when I visited TopIt Cupcakes with my junior Yelper daughter, Abby.Abby had chocolate with salty caramel icing and I had the ganache-filled chocolate cupcake.  Yes, you read that right - chocolate ganache filled. Oh my! Decadent, rich, over-filling. Both were absolutely delightful.After we finished our treat I went back in and suggested that the owner participate in a Yelp event. His cupcakes are better than others I've had at various events. I guess I'll wait and see what happens. Meanwhile, when I have another sweet tooth I can't ignore, I know how to fix it.
5	My husband told me about this place, and well I am pretty darn picky when it comes to sweets. You could call me a "Foodie" I would say hands down a "Sweetie" would be a better description. I would take desert over dinner any day of the week. Here are just some of my likes: Dark Chocolate with Vanilla Butter Cream Frosting, Red Velvet with Cream Cheese Frosting, S'mores, Peanut Butter Cup, Salted Caramel, Malted Milk Ball, Banana Nut with Cream Cheese Frosting, Cookies & Cream. Does anyone know is there a "group" for this?
2	Stopped in here one afternoon with a friend for something sweet and the owner was the one that helped us. We were not impressed with his customer service he kind of had this smug attitude. The cupcakes were good but nothing special. I think the owner was the biggest turnoff. He didn't seem to be treating his employee very nicely either. Won't be back because of this.
5	YAAAY! I heart cupcakes, and TopIt is a really cute shop in Gilbert that I have tried to avoid to protect my waistline. Well, I "accidentally" walked in this afternoon, just to check it out! ;-)  The employees were really polite and helpful, even though there was a long line. The "toppings bar" (with gummi bears, m&m's and the like) is a nice touch, especially for kids! But the big attraction for me: daily "flavor" specials that include two cupcake flavors that are my very favorite, and can NEVER find in local bakeries--PB&J and Salted Caramel. The frosting--amazing! The cake--light, but a little dry, maybe? Overall, nom, nom, nom--they were absolutely delicious, too bad I had to share with my husband! ;-) I can't wait to go back and try some of the other flavors like Chai and Pancakes n' Bacon. Two BIG thumbs up to TopIt!
4	SALTED CARAMEL. - nailed it! I just got done burning 500 calories in spin class at Lifetime Fitness so what do I do? Eat a cupcake of course!I love cupcakes - cupcakes done well. My favorites are Sprinkles chocolate (of course), Tammie Coe coconut and now - Topit Cupcakes Salted Caramel. I loved the frosting it was perfect in texture, butter flavor, sweet and salty. The cake was a little dry but it worked, it was a really good balance with the frosting and there was enough frosting for every bite of cake. I usually throw the cup part away but I ate every bit.I still have triple chocolate and cookie dough in the box over there with the intention of giving to my boys and husband. We'll see. So far the best in Gilbert. I must get back for the pancake/bacon - she didn't have it today. Service was very friendly and they had espresso! I might come back and change my rating to a five after I hear what everyone else says about their cupcakes or after I taste them all but I don't know if these are "as good as they get" five rating.
3	Check yo-self before you wreck yo-self.You can have an exceptional product, which TopIt does, but if you put an un-friendly guy up front with the customers, you may find yourself out of business before you know it.TopIt has great cupcakes, especially their salted caramel ones.  But when I'm throwing down $3 a piece for these little babys, I expect great customer service and a friendly smile.
5	I had a groupon for Topit so I got a dozen cupcakes.  So far we have tried the chocolate with choc. frosting, the chai and the carrot cupcakes.  All were moist and the frosting was delicious.
2	I hate to right less pleasant reviews but I'm really not sure what the good reviews are about. These cupcakes were meh. Exactly how yelp describes 2 stars.The shop itself was adorable and the service was friendly. Unfortunately, that does make up for the cupcakes. Which is sad because they were very pretty looking.They weren't bad they were just blah. We had the following cupcakes:vanilla with vanilla buttercreamvanilla with milk chocolate buttercreamred velvetcotton candymalted milk balldark chocolate milk chocolate buttercreamThe malted milk ball was probably the best of all of them. I did kind of like the milk chocolate buttercream frosting. However, for all of them the cake was kind of dry and bland. Most of the frostings were too sweet. The red velvet was kind of awful. I've been baking red velvet for years and this one was just too much dye with a weird tasting frosting.I wanted to like it and like I said the shop and staff were super friendly. I just can get the same thing from a cake mix. I know the lady I purchased from emphasized that they were from scratch. Unfortunately, that doesn't mean awesome.
2	Been looking all over the Valley for someone to do cupcakes for a wedding.  This place is cute but...Honestly, just go up the road to Caketini (In the San Tan).  The cupcakes there are better.
5	Must try the vanilla/vanilla buttercream as it is a super intense vanilla flavor.  Red Velvet is also a true RV- lots of buttermilk, not very  sweet but rich and moist.  I usually find most chocolate cakes to be boring and flavorless, but these chocolate cupcakes are mind blowing.  Very chocolatey and again, moist. Also the malt ball was "good" butr not awesome.  I'd heard so much about the pancake and bacon and found it has an odd texture- actually like a really think pancake, it's hard to describe but I'd say it was crumpety with nooks and I did not like it.  The top your own station is very cute and kids love it. It's also a way to try different flavors of frosting on one CC.
5	Just had my first TopIt's cupcakes tonight and They were delicious! They were mini cupcakes which were rich and moist. Had pumpkin and chocolate salted caramel, definitely recommend the chocolate ones. I haven't been to the shop but the top it yourself cupcake but looks very cool.
4	I'm glad they were at the Yelp Helps, because I don't think I'll ever get a chance to get to their place. The pumpkin was my favorite, the  chocolate salted caramel..... nah! there has to be something missing to this one, but the blend of flavors just didn't work for a cupcake. This flavor is wonderful on just chocolate.Thank you for spoiling us at the Yelp event!
5	Fantastic cupcakes! The peanut butter and jelly tastes just like a pb&j sandwich, awesome! Red Velvet is great! Staff is super friendly and helpful!
5	Absolutely delicious!!!I first tried their Tuesday selection - S'more and Chai. Wow.Then I went back for their Friday Maple Bacon Pancake cupcakes. Wow. Wow. Wow. You must try these!!! If you are vegetarian, you can get them without the bacon on top. But if you are not... eat them the day off, when the bacon is crunchy and drizzled with a tiny bit of maple syrup. The cupcake batter tastes just like a pancake, but the texture is a little denser. The frosting tastes like maple syrup. I am drooling as I type this...I enjoy their cotton candy, salted caramel and french toast cupcakes as well. I had never liked cup cakes prior to TopIt, but they've got me hooked! I've tried their truffles and those are yummy too. I brought a dozen cupcakes to a party and everyone loved them!I also love the service. The place is family owned and you can tell that others in the immediate family help the mom - the talented TopIt chef. The third or fourth time I went there after more than a month break, they recognized me and remembered my boyfriend and I had been there before for their bacon cupcakes. That left me with an even better impression.Luckily for my waistline and cholesterol levels I live 20 minutes away, or else I'd be there every Friday and Tuesday, at least!
1	Went in on a Saturday late afternoon, not sure if they were made the day prior but the 3 cupcakes my daughter and I got were all dry and even HARD on the edges. obviously stale. what a waste to pay $3 a cupcake for stale, DRY cupcakes.  so disappointed!.
5	Just bought a new home and wanted to get something special for the mortgage company that serviced my loan.  I saw reviews on Yelp and decided on Topit due to it's reviews and location.  I received a friendly greeting from the owner as I arrived at the clean and inviting shop.  I picked a dozen cupcakes, with a mix of flavors including cotton candy and malted milk.  My loan officer called to thank me for the treat.   He and his team eagerly devoured the dozen cupcakes shortly after I dropped them off.  He confessed he normally doesn't eat sweets but fell in love with the all chocolate cupcakes.   When I finally move I know where to go to get a great treat!
2	I've been here a couple of times. It's access from Gilbert Rd is super convenient. The people were especially friendly too. As far as the cupcakes? Well, I love the variety. But the times I've tried them, they were dry. Perhaps this is because my purchase was in the afternoon? Not sure. But if that's the problem, then maybe they shouldn't sell cupcakes that late, if the quality fades dry.  If I ever make it there in the morning, I'll let you know if it's a better cupcake.
4	Salted Caramel Cupcakes....nuff said!
2	I've felt for a long time that the east valley needed a nice bakery, so I was a little excited when TopIt opened.  I went there shortly after they opened over a year ago and had a less than pleasant experience.  I believe that every business deserves a second chance to work the kinks out and whatnot, so I decided to go back this weekend.   The shop is still cute with it's hot pink sign, and I went out on a limb and bought a half dozen for the family.  I bought chocolate with vanilla icing, and vanilla with chocolate icing, peanut butter cup, and red velvet.  Unfortunately almost all of  the cupcakes were dry (over-baked edges) and lacked much flavor.  I couldn't help compare these to the out-of-the-box cupcakes I could make myself, which taste a lot richer. At $3 each = $18 is a lot to pay for just "meh."  I guess I will have to continue my adventure for a great cupcake!
1	If you want a dry cupcake, then this is the place to go. I won't be back
5	These are by far the best cupcakes I have ever had!  The flavors are amazing, the selection huge and the service is very friendly.  I ordered cupcakes for a wedding and everyone loved them. I will definately be back for more!
5	My sister has taken my kids here a couple times and they make some really delicious looking cupcakes.  I have eaten 1 cupcake here, and it was super delicious.  The frosting is out of this world, and there are many flavors.  It's a small, trendy type cupcake looking place, but then, I don't really know what other cupcake places look like.My sister gave me a Groupon worth $30 of cupcakes, which I thought this would be like  dozen cupcakes, but it turns out, it's about 9 cupcakes.  I never knew gourmet cupcakes would be so expensive, but apparently that is the going rate.  The Groupon was about to expire, but the shop did not make me get all 9 cupcakes then, and gave me a card to check off how many I got, so it's indefinite for me to use that as long as they are in business.Love that I didn't have to get all 9 cupcakes right then.  We still have 4 more cupcakes to get and hopefully we'll get them soon.  They totally honored the Groupon way beyond what they were supposed to, which if I am in the house to buy expensive gourmet cupcakes, I will go to this place.I do not think they are opened on Monday or Sunday, so order your cupcakes early.  I also like the fact that they have an area where you can customize your cupcake decorations.  So, maybe after a movie at the nearby theater, you can stop by for cupcakes.
1	Not sure why they say they're open until 10p as I went there at 7p and they we're already closed due to being sold out. Disappointing . Why bother posting hours of business ?
1	I had a Groupon & was excited to use it & share cupcakes with multiple friends.  Wow, was I disappointed!  6 of us tried a variety of flavors (Monday offerings).  The cake was exceedingly dry & crumbly with no flavor.  The frosting was so sweet that your teeth ached & totally masked any flavor.  My Groupon was for $30.  In order to get an even dozen, I had to purchase an additional cupcake.  Price listed was $3 but I was charged, in total, almost $6.  Still haven't figured that one out.  Please try another cupcake purveyor before you head out to this one.  I could truly make better desserts at home with a boxed mix.
3	The cupcake was ok. Moist but a bit small for $3.00 a pop. They could definitely use a curtain between the cash register area and the back area where the mop bucket and sink and other nasty looking items are visible. Not extremely impressed but not disappointed either. Selection was not great.
4	Wanna ruin your diet? Come here. I was feeling kinda naughty and decided to finally check this place out. Wow! These cupers cakers are delishi-craycray! TIP: Try to get here earlier in the day for more variety. Otherwise you'll wait for more batches to finish baking.
4	My good friends surprised me with some cupcakes from Top It for my Valentine Birthday treat. The red velvet and salted caramel were AMAZING!! They were so delicious, I went myself a few days later to give to my boyfriend to try. The malt ball was moist and flavorful, and my boyfriend loved the vanilla with chocolate. I'm dying to try the cotton candy and PBJ flavors.
1	This is a tough review to write.  If you follow me, you know that I patronize the independents.  I grew up in the restaurant business and know how tough to please every customer. You can't. It is impossible. But - if you provide good quality at a decent price, you can at least keep that business going.I live close enough to the bakery to walk. I stopped in once after we moved here and it was late day - and there was virtually nothing left.  So I decided when I saw the Groupon that I would make an effort to get there early one day and pick up cupcakes and treat both my family and a small women's group that I belong to. I got there early Saturday morning ready for my dozen.The variety was nice - nothing terribly exciting. Chocolate on white, white on chocolate, red velvet.  Cupcake wars, this isn't. But I figured there is nothing better than a good white batter - light, with a nice crumb. So I got a variety of cupcakes - including the more exotic lemon and salted caramel, but focusing on the whites.I am not sure whether it was a bad day for them or the cupcakes had been made earlier in the week. I won't say they were dry. They were worse than dry. They were coarse almost with the consistency of a  popoverand not delicate at all. To say they were disappointing - well, it was embarrassing. I had bragged about the wonderful dessert I was going to serve - and my guests were less than impressed.  Even my DS and DH, both of whom never met a baked good they didn't scarf down, were hard pressed to finish the ones they picked.Basically, the white batters were either stale or overbeat or overbaked or a combination of all three.  The dark chocolate on the salted caramel was moister and the red velvet was somewhat moister but neither one was the quality I would have expected.  The chocolate on the chocolate/chocolate was as bad as the white.The icing did not excite me as well. I prefer frosting over icing but this icing was so hard - it had more of a fondant consistency.  The sales person had recommended that for overnight storage, I should put them in a Tupperware and refrigerate.  So even though we were serving them that day, I put them in anyway.  I let them sit out for an hour before serving them just to warm them up.  The icing was still hard - the chocolate ones had piroulines in the frosting.  So after an hour of sitting out, the first guest attempted to pull out the pirouline and the entire icing came off, sort of like taking the lid off a top.  Even after an hour, you could slice that icing and break it into  pieces.  We laughed, but i was nevertheless embarrassed. At $36/dozen w/ tax, I don't think I will be going back there again.  The cupcakes are pretty.  They are, as another reviewer indicated, a tad small for the price but if the quality was there, I would certainly pay the price.  Maybe it was a bad day but as a result, Top It lost me and the women in my group as potential customers.
2	Great concept. Fun place for kids of all ages to top their own cupcakes like a froyo place.With bigger, better tasting cupcakes, I think they'd do better business.
3	I've been to this business a few times over the past year and I have found that it is hit or miss.  I've had some of the most delicious cupcakes that can rival Sprinkles (malted milk ball) and I've had some so dry that I was upset I paid the $3.50.  I think the trick is to get the cupcakes that are the specials of the day.  Those, for me, have been the best.
5	I went into Topit Cupcake today and had a great conversation with the owners Rachelle and JB! What an adorable place. Lots of passion and attention to detail.Not only did they take the time to engage me in conversation and tell me how they came to start this business, they make outstanding cupcakes. When I got back to the office the cupcakes were devoured and this was at 10 in the AM!If you have a need to satisfy a sweet tooth, you absolutely have to stop in! So happy to see an entrepreneurial couple finding success with an awesome little store!Jessica JohnsonThe Rainmaker Institute480-202-3910
1	Meh. I feel bad writing a bad review of a locally owned business.  But, the cupcakes just weren't very good - especially when you're paying premium price for cupcakes - one expects something amazing.  I would've been better off just buying cupcakes from Costco.
