1	Wow!  I just want to rate this place the most depressing place on earth.  My friend's company does advertising for some hotel and so she wanted me to take a picture of some advertisement placed on the wall of this Greyhound bus station.  So we went and this place just had the atmosphere of severe sadness.  I don't know why, but I stepped inside and could not bring myself to smile.  Are all Greyhound bus stations this sad?
1	I will never use the greyhound again, it was awful. I was going from las Vegas to CA. The seats were uncomfortable, the tvs didn't work, the driver was rude and the employees werent helpful.
2	Greyhound is the black hole of happiness. There was a girl at the package express desk who after realizing there was only one person that could help with luggage, helped me get my boxes to my car. She da KING! And the only reason they get two stars. But Greyhounds nationally need to find a way to take pride in themselves again. Let's beg for some government assistance here? 2 people at the desks to help a quadrillion tired, angry guests? And, of course, the ticket machines weren't working. And since the girl was helping me with my stuff that leaves OOOOOONNNEEEEE guy to face a packed house of very angry and weary travelers? It's inhumane. And STIFLING HOT!! Set up a couple of desk top fans, damn! The vending machines were stocked, so that's cool. I hope the machines took dollars because there weren't any change machines, as another disgruntled patron (well, not "patron" so much as an "only slightly bathed individual who wanted $5 in quarters" noted.) Where I had sent my packages from was also an awful, dryer place where sunshine never touched. (Literally! Because I was in the pacific northwest, HAH!!) However, if you you're moving on a budget, it's the cheapest you're going to find. HOWEVER!!! The site said that you had to not have the boxes secure so they can check them if you need, but not to worry because they have tape if you need it. THAT'S A LIE!! I had to go on a quest for duct tape. (I was shipping plastic bins).
1	I was unsatisfied with all aspects of their customer service process. they did not explain things clearly. their policies are not meant to help you and i had a very unpleasant experience. save yourself the trouble and fly with rates so low. i would give zero stars if the option existed.
5	I was surprised to see others review on this location. I had a large package to ship cross country. The person at the package express counter was very helpful, looked for all possible options that I can choose from. He was knowledgeable and very kind. had a very pleasant experience. I will have to see the delivery results though but staff at this location was doing great job.
