4	FF recently opened up this location along the Durango corridor and I am happy they are in the neighborhood. I am pretty finicky who cleans my wheels and Freddy's has always done a Fabulous job.  From the moment you pull up, through the payment line to picking up your keys at the end, their customer service shines....and so will your car!Very competitively priced but the service is what stands out from the rest.
5	By far the best car wash I have ever gotten. I will not go anywhere else again. And the service is amazing :)
1	Not impressed. For the price I would think the windshield and rear view mirror would have been clean.
2	It was fast, it was clean, it was not thorough.  Had to ask for backseat to be wiped down.  Slow down the turnaround time for a more thorough performance guys.
4	The wash and interior cleaning was great! I was very happy to see my older car sparkle :) The guys got the job done in reasonable time and I was very happy to see all the windows cleaned, floors vacuumed. I was however bugged by the girl that first approaches you to take your car wash request. She spoke way to fast and with lots of attitude. She didn't like having to repeat herself (I could tell by the way she rolled her eyes). But the guys and girl that actually detailed the vehicles were all pleasant and service with a smile!
3	I had recently taken a trip to Cali and needed to wash all the dead bugs off my car.  I took my vehicle to the Fabulous Freddy's on Durango and was not blown away.Overall the staff was nice, the lady who greeted me when I pulled up was friendly and the cashier was great and very welcoming.  My biggest complaint is that after purchasing the VIP wash that my car was not all that clean.  There were still aftermath of the dead bugs on my good as well as water spots on the lower windshield.  Ended up having to wipe it down when I got home.
1	They advertise 20 cents off per gallon with a car wash, but every time I try to get the discount, I have to walk back into the store because the card won't activate the pump discount.  To make matters worse, the cashier ran my charge card twice to prepay because she wasn't sure how to fix the problem.  When I asked her to show me where my card was credited back for the first charge, she was borderline rude.  They waited on every person that came to the counter while I stood to wait.  She didn't apologize for my inconvenience, and didn't thank me for my business.  When I thanked her, she said "You're WELCOME".   They won't have to worry about seeing me again.
1	I am very unhappy with my service. I have never gone to your place before so I decided to go to your durango location. When I pulled up to enter no one acknowledged my present I waited in my car for 10 minutes till finally someone not the three people already out there finally came out and waved me in. I got the 49.99 car plan with the super interior cleaning. The driver told me it would be an 1 hour and15 minutes for the cleaning. So I patiently waited in the waiting area. He called me for my car. So I got in and pulled into the shell gas station to pump gas. My passanger seat was pulled up all the way up which was odd because it was not like that before. When I pulled the seat back I revealed a circle of dried up frosting on my carpet that was there before. The man had vacuumed the carpet around the stail and hid the stain by pulling the se. Up. I am not happy at all that was the reason I wanted to get my interior cleaned I made sure to ask him for a plan to clean the floors and he suggested this one. As I pulled out of the gas station a banging noice had started to occur as my wheels rotated. The noise subsided and I no longer hear it. And as well as I noticed while pulling out that there where hand prints on my windshield that was apparent that the inside of my windshield was not cleaned at all. As well as an oilly substance was left all over my front console ie my radio and thermostat. This has been far my worst car cleaning.
3	I usually go to the Fabulous Freddy's across from Boca Park, but once in a while I come to this location because it is less crowded and closer to my house.I always get the cheapest inside/outside package, which is the VIP wash for $19.99. Like the other location, they don't always do the most "fabulous" job. Sometimes they miss areas when vacuuming and leave water spots on my car. The one thing I like about this location is that the wait time is shorter because there aren't as many customers here. What I hate about this location is that they bother you about windshield chip repairs. Yes, I understand that I won't have to pay because my insurance will take care of it. Yes, I know it won't take them long to repair it. But, if I say No the first time, please stop asking!! I don't drive a super expensive car that needs to be spotless!I recently signed up for the Freddy Card here. It was free and apparently you earn points toward rewards and discounts with every $1 you spend. The cashier said that you also get a free car wash on your birthday. They don't have the $3.00 off a full service car wash check in offer here. But I have received a coupon for $2.00 off a VIP wash. Not sure how often they give those out.Overall, its an alright car wash. They call themselves Fabulous Freddy's so they could do a better job by living up to their name!
2	So this is an update. I haven't returned to Fabulous Freddy's in about two months. Recently, their staff aren't that great and have been missing a lot and no longer pay attention to detail. My boyfriend has also stopped coming here because the last time he came, he was the only one there, there was one guy that was drying off his little cavalier coupe and the guy just walks off to some girl in a car and carries on a conversation for about 10 minutes and then returns to drying and "detailing" his car. Finally got fed up with tipping for a not so good service (I know I don't have to tip but, it's a tough world out there)
5	The staff here has not let me down yet. They are a run of the mill car wash service interior, exterior, wax, and wheels but their staff is so customer service oriented. The person who greets you is very patient with explaining all the various services without feeling like they're pushing an upwell. The lounge has a computer that you can look on Google or the online newspapers while you wait and a TV to watch news or sports. The staff that wipes down the cars comes and gets you from the lounge and explains all the work that was done to the car and if you have any questions. So thorough, fast and friendly, they truly are FABULOUS.
2	I've been here a few times and each time I didn't like the job they did. My car is always relatively clean so if I bring it to a car wash it's probably because I was to lazy to dust off the little dust I may have had or some hand print from my passengers who don't know how to grab just the door handle. I was here once last summer.  I'm sure after the automatic car washing the guy wipe down the car tried his best.  He had a big smile, seemed out of breath, and was thinking he did a great job so I felt like I didn't have to walk around but I did and all I saw was bug and dirt splats all over the front still and spots all over the car.  I was like what the hell.  Of course I asked if he could wipe those missed spots and he did but it was still not that great.  I even had a big hand print on the front windshield. Yea I thought Freddy wasn't that Fabulous as advertised.  There was even a guy selling chipped windshield repair service there and FF let him do his business there. Still noticeable. Fast forward to this year.  After swearing off coming back I was out of gas and someone had pressured me into going back because "they were good".  Came in for an all out cleaning of everything. Terrible results.  I have dark interior so if you missed a spot I'll see it.  White marking over the interior doors, it was there before so I'd figure they would easily wipe it off. Nope.  I had some sticky spots on the steering wheel going in but they didn't clean it.  I has some tiny water spots and dried up dirt spots on the exterior still there.  Dried up pine leaves ok they were all gone.  Pretty much disappointed at the end result. I already know I was going to get this kind of result so I just left.I only came here for 20 cent off a gallon of gas it was pretty much a free car wash since I filled it up.  You first go inside pay for the car wash then you either pay inside again for the gas or pay outside.  After pumping your gas you then you drive your car around the back and drop off your car. And wait for them to call you out to your car. The waiting area inside has a computer and TV and it's air conditioned.
3	I've came here a few more times because they are literally 2 miles away from my apartment. Seems Freddy's got rid of the bad ones and brought in good ones! They still need to work on minor details i.e. when the girl was cleaning the sunroof, she got a few drops of the cleaner on the dash and didn't clean it up but I honestly didn't care all that much, she cleaned the screen for me though!She also did a great job on cleaning the rims which has been a trouble in the past! Not a speck of dirt on them this last time! She provided service with a smile even though it was 100+ out there and I really do love it when customer service is smiling and appear happy! Faith restored!
5	The only self service gas station we know of in the area. Fast and friendly service.
1	To say the least... WORST SERVICE EVER!! Unprofessional on the phone and in person! Do not use them many other places that are better and treat you right!
1	Omg.  Pack a lunch.  Was there early Saturday morning with only a few cars in line.  Took 50 minutes for standard car wash.  Slow and disorganized.  Only 2 guys vacuuming so line keeps getting longer.  Then 6 guys to dry, waiting for the cars to come out of the wash.  Definitely in need of supervision/management.
1	I've been here a few times and usually they do a pretty good job. This last time not so good. The wash was fine, but my car sat there almost twenty minutes before they dried it. It was not even that busy there. The door were not even wipe down and they left foot prints on the door sill too. It was not even that busy there that day. I do notice that there is always a lot new and different personally every time I go there. I do know I will be coming back here anymore.Pat O"
2	I must have came in on an off day. Lucky for them, I was desperately needing to have my car cleaned and I wouldn't have gone here if it wasn't for the groupon. My groupon was $11 for $20 service at this location, so I chose the VIP Wash. First off, when I pulled up, I waited for about 5 min before the highschool-aged girl came up to my car. It didn't bother me too much actually....but what bothered me was the really unfriendly attitude I got. I kinda felt like I was offending her for bringing my car there haha.The guy at the register wasn't too friendly either. I tried starting a conversation with him and all I got was him not looking at me and just one-worded answers. Haha, at this point, I honestly said screw it and didn't expect anything from anyone else. Ok, and now the wash. Again I was desperate to have my car cleaned. It looked great when they finished, but when I finally got home, my rims were not dried properly and had water stains all over them (I have 19" deep dish chrome rims - so its noticeable). The tire shine was pathetic, and I noticed several spots that were missed on the front bumper. It was my fault I didn't look at my car thoroughly while I was there....maybe the look of it finally being clean kinda over took the thought of checking their work haha.Will I go back? Nope...I've been here 4 times including this time and it was just blah....I think the lack of friendliness of the staff is what did it for me....
2	I used to come here ALL the time when I lived up the street. My last visit was on Friday after I had dropped my son off at school. The best thing about this place is that they recently opened up a pink-box donuts and the girl behind the counter is a ray of sunshine. Since I began coming here 10 years ago, I've never seen such crappy service. I paid for my usual VIP car wash and the guys in the front are blaming the guys in the back for doing such a poor job. I tell the guy to wipe down the inside of my doors & glove compartment. He does it, but says that they don't usually do it and I should get a detailing next time...Then, I drive my car to the back because the guys in the front weren't able to get off a coffee stain from my center console, and I notice dust looming on the back of my steering wheel as well as my cupholders not being cleaned. The guy took care of it and said that the people in the front should have taken care of it. I have never had to stand there, directing people on what to clean at a car wash. They should be taking the initiative to be doing it themselves. My car still is not as clean as when I brought my car to another car wash, albeit that car wash is always packed. I'd rather go wait in that line and come out to a spotless car where I don't have to ask for any touch-ups anyway. I was the 1st one to have my car in here on F, and it took them 40 minutes to get my car back to me. Other customers were also complaining to me about the lengthy wait. I will not be back.
1	Worst car wash I've ever had. The guys drying the car were talking to each other more than they were drying. When i opened the doors they hadn't wiped down the doors or fully vacuumed the carpets and left the mirrors wet so when i drove off the water came all across my windows. They didn't clean the cup holders and the dashboard was still dusty. I had to re clean my car when i got home. Word of advice go someplace else.
5	I came in in a VERY BAD MOOD, but the overall upbeat attitude of the employees Helped it alot.  James C.  Went out of the Way to make sure i got everything i needed.  He got me a freddy's card and a Gaming card and took the time to help me register both.  There was a minor hiccup with the gas discount, but He made sure I got it.  I WILL be back. :)
4	I am in freddys all the time, but today felt different.  Everyone Seemed on edge and stressed out.  It had me really concerned.  But when i got to the cash register, James was there with his normal smile and a good attitude.  He looked a little frazzled, but went out of his way to ask how my day was.  He asked if I needed help.  He made me feel important.  Employees like that are why I keep coming back
1	Not so fabulous, this place has really gone downhill and I mean both locations on the west side. If I pay u $45 why do I have to finish detailing my car myself? Plus they managed to destroy my ignition button, they scratched the letters off, very disappointed
1	Car wash takes too long, and they're not even busy. We've been here an hour and our car is just sitting in the front lot with no one working on it. Don't come, unless you really have nothing going on and don't care about wasting a lot of time.
3	Patience is required as they take their sweet time and it isn't even busy. It's been 30 minutes and I don't know that they'll be done soon. I would come back because it's cheap but definitely not during 'rush' hour.
1	Horrible cleaners. Their lazy and super slow, and even when they claimed they were done with my car, it was still unclean inside my car when I paid for them to clean it. They didn't vacuum my mats or floors, they left spot residue from their cleaners all over the dash. My cup holders were not cleaned. My seats were not cleaned or vacuumed. Me and my bf had to stand there and grab their towels and clean it ourselves while they just stood around and watched or talked.  Neeever going back.
1	Only take your car here if you want a shitty experience and mediocre cleaning done by inattentive minimum wage workers that don't give a shit about your vehicle. Additionally ONLY take your car here if you want to drive away with damages to your vehicle. I've had such a shitty experience at this place that I would never come back again and I've been here several times thinking service would get better. Brought my car in today for the Fabulous Wash and drove away with a couple of dents that will require a trip to the body shop to repair. I showed the person in charge (Justin) the damage and all he said was "it's not possible. Our equipment don't do that." Well when I got there my fender sure as hell wasn't like that. My only regret is not taking pictures of my car before giving the key to FF. STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!!!
1	I have given this place multiple chances, but I'm totally done!!  This is hands down the worst car wash experience I've ever had.  The people are nice but openly admit that their car wash tunnel is horrible.  Since they don't hand wash the car, there I always still stuff on my car.  I paid $24.99 for a mediocre clean where I had to point out several issues before I would leave, and then got in the at and drive off... Before I noticed they hadn't even cleaned all of the trash out!!!  Next time, I'll drive the extra few miles and pay the same amount for a much better service somewhere else.
4	I read some of the reviews on here and luckily I have never experienced any of these situations in my 3 years of coming only to this location. The car wash industry is difficult to please everyone, but I am very meticulous and they usually are on point with my SUV. The only thing i have an issue about is if I washed it, there would not be any bugs left on the bumper which only happens on occasion. When it does they always take care of it. Could I do a better job, yes and so can any car owner with your passion to was your only car of the day. After a hundred cars I can see where the perfectionism may wear off, but I keep in mind $25 for an SUV is pretty reasonable. I did not pay $150 for a full detail and the one time I did, you better believe it came out perfect before I left. I have one more thing to say about this location that still stands out in my mind every time I come here. I came here one day about a year ago and I grabbed my pretty expensive professional SLR camera to not temp it to grow legs. not that i don't trust these guys, but the feeling of comfort is much better than speculation. Well me Mr. Paranoid inadvertently left the camera by the cooler of drinks trying to grab too many things at once. I then minutes later drove off without it. It was a few days later that I saw something I wanted to photograph and I reached over and nothing. I panicked and immediately thoughts raced through my head. Where is it, who took it and did my car get broken into. I had to trace my every move and somehow I vaguely remember having it at Freddy's. I called the location and asked to speak to a manager. I was actually in LA and had more anxiety knowing i could not just drive over there. The manager calmly said yes we have it. Surely he must think it was one of those digital cameras and it was someone else's, but when he described my bag and the camera in it, I couldn't have been more relieved / happy. I wanted to get it immediately, so I asked him if I could send a friend to pick it up. He said sure and I then asked if he could give her the VIP wash for doing this for me. I added that i would pay him the next time i saw him and he said, i think you have been through enough and your loyalty as a customer has influenced my decision to do it at no charge. Wow...lI thought and said out loud and I had to ask how it was brought it him. He said one of my employees found it and immediately turned it in. He even remembered you having it in your possession. I said well that guy needs to be recognized for his integrity. He said I will be sure to commend him again now coming from you, but really all of our employees are screened to be this same type of employee to our clients. I said well it is your employees that will have me as a lifetime client. I hope this at least sheds some light on the kind of people that work for Freddy's.
3	I'm a big fan of Fabulous Freddie's (FF) but I specifically drive to this location then the one that I usually go to in Summerlin because I found this closer to my house. (I live in Henderson) I went here today because I needed an oil change, a blinker light repaired, Smog test & my car registered.....I've used FF for this in the past @ the Summerlin location. Boy was I surprised to find FF didn't have their own lube shop...what??? They send you right next door to Jiffy Lube! I was a little hesitant because I've never been to a Jiffy Lube & my car is important to me, but I also didn't feel like getting into my car & heading further  away to the Summerlin FF location. This FF will give you a discount on a car wash if you show them your receipt from Jiffy Lube for either a smog test or oil change, I'm actually not sure which it was & I ended up not getting a car wash because it had started to sprinkle & since I live so far & will be working the next 3 nights I wouldn't be driving back within 48hrs to get the free car wash due to the rain. Apparently you have up to 5 days to redeem the discount but that still didn't work for me. The guy @ the counter knew what he was talking about when answering my questions but I felt like he was a little out of it....??? Not enough caffeine or sleep?? Please FF open up a location in Henderson ASAP!!!!!
4	I live right by this gas station and I come here nearly daily...The staff is always helpful and the prices are always respectable. Im not a huge fan of someone pumping my gas, but they do offer the service. There is a car wash, pink box donuts and semi clean facility. In the end...its a gas station! If you're Yelping for a good gas station....you're wasting your time.
1	We usually take our oversize truck to the car wash in Henderson although we live in Summerlin. The service and quality of work there is great but just wanted to find something closer to home. I brought my husband's oversized truck in and everything seemed fine until I saw the service of work that was done on his truck. It was absolutely horrible!!!  The interior and exterior of the truck is black so I can see everything...*Around the doors in the areas that the car wash didn't get wasn't wiped down so when it dried it looked like it was still dirty.*Only a portion of my interior was dressed. They missed the 2 sides of the dash board, the boarders around the radio, the center counsel and the seats*The 3 guys who works on my card did not even wipe down the center counsel because there was bits and pieces of dirt and debris all in it*My floor mats still had mud on them*All of the door jams weren't wiped down*They didn't dress the bumpers or the review mirrors-when I spoke to one of the guys working on my car he said that that's an extra fee (that's I wasn't aware of) but did my bumper and mirrors (which I tipped him extra for)When I went to receive my car, I pointed a few spots out for the guy to redo but there was so much that needed to be done I just left. It's not my job to tell the staff to take pride in their job and do it well. To top it off I had to finish off the job when I got home. I will never go back or recommend this car wash to anyone I know.HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!
1	WORST CAR WASH EVER!!I would NEVER recommend this establishment to anyone.Whether it be to receive a service as far as gas, lube shop, carwash, gaming , or convient store. This place is far from convient at the very least. I wouldn't recommend working for these ppl either. Nothing about this location nor any of the others is everything BUT fabulous.  They have this loyalty card thats suppose to benefit you and your purchases like gas and free washes ect but their system is ALWAYS on the fritz! Dont pump your gas unless the pump shows 20 cents from the regular pump.. they'll treat you like your a complete moron and your in the wrong for not understanding the process in which anyone rarely explains to anyone upon getting a freddys card wash or gas. They'll simply tell you there isnt a thing they can do with something that seems to be a simple mistake. As far as the wash goes youll end up getting the same service with a 34.99 wash as you would a 7.99 wash.  The vaccumers suck the wipers suck the supervisors lack a form of communication. All these ppl care about are a tip and van careless if they do a "FABULOUS" Job on your vehicle in which many ppl take pride in. Your way better off doing it your self at a self serve. Anyone can do a better job then them. All it takes is some time and lots of love. Lets stop everyone from wasting their time and money with this company. Share your experiences.. someone needs to call the better buisness buero on this establishment. By the way their gas attendent is never no where to be found. This place is a complete joke. The managers inside the store just sit in the office yelling commands out at the other employes.. seem lazy with poor hygiene. Look presentable when working with the public maybe hit the gym. If you dont take pride in your work or yourself how am I to know you'll take good care of me or my vehicle.  I alsi overheard an employee tell another employee they got suspended for washing a friends car whom paid and all the while a couple days later a supervisor named Rachel did a full 60 $ detail on her girlfriends car for free. Lots of favoritism going on around this neck of the woods. Both I my mother in law and a friend have all recieved car washes at this lovation and forte apache and were rushed to get my car out of there like I was some kinda animal. Plus dripping water.. unwiped Windows dust on dash not vaccumed well.. they refuse to prewash to scrub the bugs off. Half ass job and they are taking your money. My review will probably be removed.. but im speaking the truth and the public needs to hear it. The saddest part, this is the CORPORATE LOCATION! Can you believe that.
1	Tried going on veterans day to get the complimentary extreme car wash and detail I saw online that was free for veterans. Even called ahead to see if this particular store was participating. The person with whom I spoke with said of course. So I drove 15 minutes to get it done. Upon arriving it took me about half an hour to fins someone who according to them was "on break" and would be "right back" that would verify my veterans card. All in all I ended up leaving because the gentleman that approached me said that I was to leave because I was loitering and they would call the cops if I didn't. I'm not sure if that was actually directed towards me since I was there to get a car wash but after explaining that I'm a combat veteran and I was there to get a free car wash for veterans day the gentleman response was " I don't care ". I failed to get his name because he kept his arms crossed so I don't even know if he had a name tag on. All I know is this. Verbal harassment and threatening physical violence just because I'm standing there waiting for your stupid manager or whoever the clerk went to get doesn't not coinside with a professional establishment . unless something is fixed with this store or that manager is fired I will be going to the Better Business Bureau to let them know how this establishment treats combat vets.
3	I live a short distance away so I have brought my car here 4-5 times this year. During my most recent visits I have felt that the Fabulous Freddys team left my car with a less than spectacular shine and dust on the inside. There were water spots on the outside of my car and I had to grab a towel to clean the inside of my windshield because they cleaned only the drivers side and forgot the other side. I also had to wipe down the center myself. Overall, I felt it was an OK job for the money I paid, but I will be checking it prior to driving off next time.
5	Wonderful wonderful wonderful service!I came in to get a detail and they were very efficient manager was extremely nice the guarantees on  the car washes are awesome! There is a pink donut inside to snack on while you wait or the many gas station foods to choose from. The packages are easy to understand and they took. Great care of me and my car! Fabulous Freddie's is Truly Fabulous! I will continue to come here and recommend everyone I know to come here!
