4	Great place to go for a quality car wash.It's located on the east side and even though the appearance at first could change your mind. Don't be afraid to give this place a chance!You drive up to the side and there's workers ready to help you for whatever you want to get done to your car. They have a big menu posted and you get to choose what service you want. I personally choose the $17.99 value wash which includes vacuuming, polishing, waxing and washing. You head inside afterwards to pay in which the cashier gives you a card with a stamp that will verify the workers outside if you paid or not. The wait time depends on what time you go and if no one is ahead of you. I went recently and had no one there.. Then suddenly 3 minutes afterwards 6 people walked in! I probably waited a total of 10-15 minutes for my car.Some people may think $17.99 is expensive for a car wash. That itself is true, but this does not only include a car wash but vacuuming, polishing and waxing. I think that itself is well worth the $17.99 - plus my friend who introduced me to this place informed me that they do a guarantee re-wash if within a certain amount of days we get rainy weather. You might want to check up on that though.
4	I started coming to this car wash a couple of years ago off a recommendation from my mother-in-law. She comes here all the time to get her oil changed. Now I do the same. The appearance of this car wash is not the best, but the service has always been good and I haven't had a bad experience here yet. Although I can go to other places to get the oil changed in my cars, I like coming here because the oil change comes with a car wash. So coming here is like hitting two birds with one stone. The crew here does a great job to make my cars look extra clean and I don't think I'll go anywhere else for a car wash unless I do it myself. Aside from the things I've already mentioned, I have had windshield and headlight repairs done at this location and both repairs were reasonably priced and done well. The only gripe I have is the wait time because they can get very busy at times. Anyway, kudos to you guys! You have a loyal customer and I have already recommended this place to my friends and family.
1	I have been going to this car wash for years with good service until yesterday. I was treated rudely and disrespectfully by the Owner's Brother (unfortunately the Owner was not there and had left his Brother in charge) what a mistake! After this experience (whereas the Brother wouldn't even take time to speak with me about me concerns) I will NEVER give this place any of my money again and certainly would not recommend this place to anyone! It's a shame.
5	I love this place. They always do a great job on washing my car and the service is fast and friendly. They take their time with my car and always make sure they get all the hidden spots in my car. They have plenty of chips and drinks to snack on while you're waiting for your car to get washed along with a tv. For a small local car wash. I love it.
