2	The Golden Arches, the most famous fast food place, and always will be. The food isn't exactly fresh, but it's not bad either.Because the menu never changes, other than seasonal specials. I've eaten most of the menu in a very long space of time. I'll start with the Big Mac, I've eaten a lot of them, and they're not all great for me. I just think the middle bun makes the whole thing dry, especially when you have two ultra thin burgers that have to be cooked to oblivion. I LOVE the Big Mac sauce, so that's why I buy it again. I usually buy a Double Cheeseburger, I love American cheese, and it's so simple. I also adore pickles, although I do wish they ridged them thicker cut. The best meal on the menu are the Chicken Selects, the breading is herby, salty and crunchy, and the chicken juicy. They come with custom sauces, and I tend to buy one sour cream and one BBQ, two BBQ's means you have to buy another milkshake to tame the spice.The only side I buy at McDonalds are their famous fries, there is no point in buying anything else, because it's too expensive for what they are. The fries are amazing though, when they are cooked properly. Crisp, addictive and beautifully salted. They eclipse KFC and Burger King. I always have them with pepper, it gives them a kick. The sauces are great too, the ketchup is clearly Heinz, but the BBQ sauce by the pump is smoky and sweet, and very delicious.The milkshake is the best though, I love sweet things, and with a milkshake you always have enough to quench your thirst polishing off a Big Mac, and then enough to count as dessert. I always get chocolate, but prefer the vanilla, it's a shame you can't get it a lot. Desserts wise, I ditch the McFlurry and buy a Toffee Sundae. A sizable amount of soft serve, a generous drizzle of toffee, for 99p. Cheap, and delicious.So there's my review, it's not great food and you know it'll kill you if you eat too much of it, but there's something about it that makes you come back, and that's why is the most popular fast food chain in the world, and always will be.
2	Serves expired food: -2 stars. (I mean come on, the date and time are printed on the package) Expecting something to be wrong every time I go there: -1 star. (I'm feeling generous today) In reality I have more good than bad experiences here, but the bad ones like: expired food, cold food and rude employees are big. Why do I keep going here you ask? Cuz it's cheap, 24hrs. and practically at my front door.
4	Love my local McD's. Food is prepared well, never get the wrong order and staff is friendly. Great place to cool off and get some lunch. This location also does a ton for the community with the fundraiser and teacher nights for schools and local nonprofits. Good community member.
4	They are usually pretty good but lately they have been getting my orders messed up. By the time I get to work and discover that my Order is wrong, it's too late to go back.
5	I am not gonna review the food honestly cause well its McDonalds, it's pretty much the same food every where. The Place-  This place is super clean, it's the cleanest location I have ever been to.The Employees- I was actually in tonight at 7pm ordering inside, Kyle was the cashier and was very nice when I asked him a ton of questions about the new food items I saw on the menu.  Another employee who always gives me great service is a blonde girl who runs the window late at night a lot. This is the only McDonalds I like.. Keep it up guys :)
1	I live very close to this location and after today, I will go out of my way to never dine at or get food to go from this location ever again.  It seems as though every time I order from here my order is wrong. It is usually my wife's food that they get incorrect so I have to return to the restaurant so that they can correct the order and by the time I get back home, my food is cold and practically inedible. I've complained to management 3-4 times and sometimes they just remake my order and others they gave me coupons. This is a good policy, but how about working on getting an order 100% correct? Once in a while is one thing, but this happens a majority of the time. My advice, go to the location on 64th st and Greenway. They seem to have it together. Better yet, there is a Wendy's right across the street.
1	Now, to be fair, I will disclose that I have not eaten at a McDonald's in probably 5 or more years. However,  I thought that when you order a cheeseburger, it actually came with a burger.  Imagine my surprise after ordering 2 of these extremely special items at this drive thru at 1:00 in the afternoon and opening it up when I got to my destination and literally there was no burger!  Where's the beef? That phrase has a whole new meaning.
3	Yeah, yeah...I am a bad parent for feeding my kids burgers and mcnuggets.  I was all out of tofu and wheat grass at home.  Clean place, but NONE of the games work here for my kids to play on.  Need to find a different Mc Donalds that maintains their kids stuff
1	I ordered one of the "premium" chicken sandwiches. It was absolute trash. I couldn't choke down more than two bites. The chicken was tough and the whole thing generally kind of greasy. Fries were really bland. I guess I should have known better. I'd rather stay at home eating a tin of wet tuna than spend money here again.
