3	I mostly go here for convenience.  Or I did, until I had a pedicure with Van.  He gave me an incredible long leg massage and his pedicure looked good until my nails grew out of it...no chipping at all, and during sandal season.  However, it has your typical strip mall ambience: nothing special.  AND, I took a couple of friends there one Sunday after brunch, and one of them had a very negative experience.  The tech didn't want to honor her request and seemingly talked smack about her in Vietnamese.  She started my friend's pedicure after the rest of our group, but finished first.  My friend was very unhappy.  I tend to make appointments with Van.  Also, they don't put tips on cards, so you need to bring cash for your tip.
4	I have been going to this place for about 8 years. I always make an appointment with Van. He is very detailed and methodical about doing nails. His pedicure is the best I have ever had, bar none. I have gone in with a migraine and after a pedicure, have left without one.The general ambience of the place could be updated but they are very busy and the people keep coming. The price is very reasonable.
4	I love this place! Sally is the best!
5	I love this place! I have been going to Nu for years (literally, since I was 13) and I love her! She takes such perfect care of my nails, and she does everything you ask with no qualms about it. Sally, the owner, is a sweetheart, and all of the ladies (and Sally's brother!) all work incredibly hard to make everyone leave satisfied!
4	I headed over here today because 1) it was close to the house 2) They are open on a Sunday 3) I'm giving birth soon and NEEDED a pampering pedicureThis place is next to the Basha's and is pretty no frills.  They have the standard massage chairs and mine worded just fine.  Water was the right temperature.  The lady doing my pedicure asked if I wanted them trimmed short which is exactly what I needed since I don't know when I would be  back.  Pretty typical pedicure.  They do use a salt scrub briefly which is included in the price of the pedicure.  She filed my nails and scrubbed my feet well.  The foot and leg massage lasted a good amount of time and didn't seem rushed at all.  Polish was nice and even and looked like any pedicure I've gotten elsewhere.I got just regular polish no design and the cost was $20 bucks.  There really wasn't much of a difference between this pedicure and ones I've gotten at "higher end" salons except for maybe having more options to customize your pedicure at other places.  Regardless, I would go back.  It's close, inexpensive and they do a good job.   I figure it will make a quick "momma time" escape once the baby gets here.
4	Emergency fill today and Thank the Gods!  There was a short wait (for a Saturday morning this is no surprise), my tech ("Lisa") was industrious, courteous and did GREAT work (nice and smooth, even, not thick bulky chopshop work).Drawbacks MIGHT be that the polish selection wasn't as varied as I'd like but then I usually bring my own polish with me.  And no shade to park in within reasonable walking distance (it's summer in phoenix, this matters)But otherwise very nice experience.  Thank you Lisa and Elle Nails.PS - bring cash for tipping, they wont do it on your card.***Edit***Went back for a fill, got a different girl, and lo and behold got the SAME QUALITY OF WORK!!!  This is my go-to nail salon from now on.  Ladies, I hope you read these.  Please don't let me down.
4	I've been here several times and have been completely satisfied with every visit.  It's a no frills kind of place in regard to their interior decorating.  Plain and simple even a little outdated, but they get the job done.  They offer all of your basic services for nails and even waxing although, I've only done regular manis and pedis.  I find that they really take the time to give a good foot & leg massage at no additional cost which is nice.  They also do a good job of scrubbing your feet and heels.  I've been to some places where they didn't put any elbow grease into it, but not these girls.  My friend gets gel every time and raves how their gels last longer compared to other nail salons in the area.  Tiffany gives a great pedi and Sally gives an awesome mani.  Every girl I've seen has been great, but those were the only two names I can remember.
5	Love this place.  Open 7 days a week.  See Vivian, she is awesome.  They have a ton of gel colors....
4	Needed a quick pedicure this morning and this was the perfect spot. They got me in right away and did a nice job. Nothing fancy but a good place to go when you need a cheap and quick pedi.
5	Cindy did a great manicure and pedicure. It is very reasonable and easy to walk in, or make an appointment. A no-frills kind of place that gives high quality service.
5	This is a really great salon for the price range.  All the girls were welcoming & fun.  The place was clean & I just walked right in.  Cindy did a great gel mani.  Exactly what I wanted & it's been hard to find a place in Phoenix!
5	Went in today based on Yelp reviews. I hate spending money on mani/pedis - especially because I usually am disappointed with the leg massage or cuticle trim. I figured this place was cheap enough not to care...Holly welcomed me immediately. They were a little busy but had plenty of people working. She did a WONDERFUL job!! Great leg/foot massage with sea salt. She was just the right amount of talkative and so kind. She also did a great job on my nails - they look wonderful and are so cleaned up. She rubbed my arms all the way up to my shoulders. It was so relaxing and comfortable. I haven't had such a pleasant mani/pedi experience in a very long time.Best of all, it was only $30 for a manicure and pedicure! Deal of the century. I will definitely be back :)
3	Not the best I've experienced but not horrible.The facts: I went on a Friday afternoon, got a gel French tip mani from Cindy, cost $30I sat down by 12:35p & was out by 1:20pI paid cash so they didn't urge me to go next door to Basha's to get cash as I hear them say to other peopleCindy paid great attention to detail. I'm overall happy with my end product. However, the place is just not what I'm used to. She reused her tools... Usually the tech opens a new set of tools (nail trimmer, file, cuticle trimmer) where I normally go. I don't really like to talk when I get my nails done so the fact that she said maybe 3 sentences to me was fine. Again, not horrible but nothing to brag about
5	A year later and they're still my go-to.  Had a nail emergency today and they fit me in a couple hours after I called.  My nails are gorgeous and I will stop cheating on them out of convenience after this.  I promise.  :)
5	I still love this place. Nu is the best. I can't say enough about how amazing she is!
5	I love this salon. Vivian and Sally are amazing. They do a really great job and fast. They always fit me in same day. I am a perfectionist, and my nails look amazing. Eyebrows too ;)
5	I have been here on 4 separate occasions for a shellac (gel) manicure and a spa pedi. Every time I'm 100% satisfied with my nails. No, this is a not "top notch" spa, but the establishment is clean, all the ladies do a wonderful job and they're super nice. The gel manicure is only $30 and they have a TON of colors! The deluxe spa pedicure is only $35 and it includes everything under the sun (callus removal, massage, leg scrub AND parrafin wax). I often add a design to my big toes for just $5 more which really makes me feet look the way that they feel: AMAZING! I plan to do my best to go there every other week when possible and will be taking my mother with me and my other 2 friends this Friday. If you want a really great mani and/or pedi, then this is DEFINITELY the place for YOU!
5	I have been going to see Vivian for going on 5 years now and I absolutely love what she has done for my nails! Every single time I go to her I show her a picture of what I would like and she does it! Sometimes I tell her to just do what she wants and she is very talented and creative! Vivian is very detailed and super sweet! I would highly recommend going here and more so seeing Vivian! I recommend all my friends, family, and even my boyfriend sees her too! Also from a nurse who washes her hands am ungodly amount of times everyday... My gel manicures last for 3 weeks! You will never be disappointed :)
1	I had been reading many reviews on nail salons, in hopes of finding a great one. After reading everything everyone had to say about Elle nail salon, I had to try it out. And I will NEVER come here again! They said I was going to be helped next, it took Sally about 30 minutes to start on my manicure.She was answering phones and scheduling appointments while working on my nails. She did a HORRIBLE jobIt was not the shape I wanted She didn't polish right My nails look as if a 5 year old did themA monkey could have done a better job!I went today 10/05/2014 around 3:30pm And because of what an ugly job Sally didI had to sign up with yelpTo let you ladies know, not to waste your time and money on sucha money hungry salon.I will NEVER ATTEND THIS SALON AGAIN!
5	Went in for the first time last week and was completely thrilled with the job done. It was incredibly busy for a weekday, but I only had to wait for a few minutes before the technician called me over. I don't like to have fake nails on because of what that does to my real nail when it comes off, but most places I've been to automatically start putting nails on even when I just ask for a manicure. However, when I asked for a manicure and a color I got exactly that, not even a try to upsell me on nails. It was done quickly and the quality was top rate. They still look great a week later. I will definitely be back.
5	Great little nail salon. Very friendly. Got us in right away even though we were a walk in on a Saturday afternoon and the place looked packed. They had good massage chairs and tons of gel nail colors. The sugar scrub and massage was very good.
2	I was going to this place regularly for awhile because they did a fair job with pedicures and it was a reasonable price.  I never felt like they were rushing the job which is a major pet peeve I have with many nail salons.  When I go in for a pedicure I want to relax and this place was a good place to do just that.  However, sometimes I also wanted a manicure and the quality of the manicure was terrible every time I tried it.  I do not get acrylics nor do I get gel polish. I like a traditional natural manicure and this place does not deliver.  The nails were always filed unevenly, I always had nicks on my cuticles, and the polish was applied so thick and sloppy that it could be peeled off.  Because of the poor quality manicures I will be looking for a new place.
3	I wasn't impressed nor disappointed. Maybe a bit more disappointed than impressed. Whatever. It just seemed like they pushed me off to the side and made me soak my nails for 30 minutes. Eventually someone came to take off my nails but I'd already taken them off. I didn't necessarily want a white tip but she kept suggesting it, so I did. I didn't want clear powder but that's what I got. I wanted a design that I saw on Yelp, but she couldn't do it. All in all, I got a basic white tip which wasn't bad at all. It just wasn't what I wanted.
2	I have to give this two stars, for my nails look fabulous (besides the fact they are as sharp as cat claws)$35 for a gel FILL? $30 for a natural bail gel MANICURE? Are you serious?! Beware!!! I had a regular tell us we got RIPPED OFF. I get it is holiday season and you see $$$$$ but I see jerks who rip people off. As I said : beware!! Especially because their little price pamphlet says my fill would be max $25 and the manicure max $20. There is a reason why I go to this place in chandler - $32 for new gel full set WITH MATTE POLISH!!!!
