5	Outstanding, friendly service (they treat you like a regular after your 3rd visit!) and fresh, excellent, tasty food.  The prices can't be beat (in fact, they should go UP on their pricing!).  They have lots of regulars, as you can tell when the waitstaff addresses so many customers by name.  Small town feel in a fairly large city.  Everything on the menu is good (I've had everything on the menu!), and they even offer great takeout. Highly recommended.
4	This restaurant is tucked away in the Carmel Commons shopping center off of Hwy 51.  I've only been here for lunch, many times, and their lunch specials are very good and affordable...$7.54 I believe?  It comes with an entree, soup of the day and iced tea.  The menu rotates so some of the dishes aren't always available but the traditional noodle dishes are always on there.  I really like their house noodle (kind of a mix between Pud Thai and Pud See Ew).  They also have good curry/rice dishes.  Their ingredients are really fresh and the noodles are some of the best I've had from a Thai restaurant.  Lunch on Wednesday is always really crowded (I believe it's because of the hot and sour soup served that day only) so get there before/after the lunch rush to avoid a long wait for a table!  4 stars because they could use some more staff on hand otherwise I'd give them a 5!
4	This little Thai treasure consistently delivers!  I have ate there and had carry out many times.  The service is excellent, atmosphere is fairly basic and quiet and the food is excellent!  To-date this is my favorite Thai place in Charlotte and I highly recommend you give it a try.
3	This is probably a better place for lunch than dinner.  The lunch menu is reasonably priced and has eight traditional Thai dishes a day, each served with rice, soup, a spring roll and iced tea.  The service is quick and the food is flavorful (except for the soup- that was a little bland).
4	I used to frequent Bangkok Ocha when I lived near there and miss is dearly. They have great pad thai, quick service and a better wine list than I expected. Their pad thai is delicious and you an modify it to if you want it spicy or not. If you're looking for a good quality thai place where you don't feel rushed to eat, this is the spot!
1	I had one of my worst dining experiences here ever. I ordered Basil Chicken with no bell peppers.When it came, it was loaded with the slimy green peppers. I informed the waitress of the mistake and she called me a "liar". Well I was speechless. I can't believe a complete stranger is calling me a liar. I informed her that I could not eat this chicken and that I would like it as I ordered it. With even my friends backing up the fact that i ordered no green peppers, she started screaming at me and calling me a liar again. She said she would make another one, but that I will be charged for both. I refused, on principal, but also what nasty things would this irate server do to my food if a new order was remade. I refused to eat while my companion's ate. Everybody in the restaurant stared at me as tho I had just murdered somebody. It was surreal. At check out, I asked to speak to the owner to see if he would kindly remove my charge. He said he would call the police if I didn't pay for my meal. I was nice and courteous the whole time.  I submitted to his threats and paid for the meal I didn't order and didn't eat. I later called my credit card company and they reversed the charge. This is the WORST restaurant I have ever NOT eaten at in Charlotte!My advice is DON'T GO!
4	I've been here for take out and sit down lunches and have been impressed both times. I was pleasantly surprised on my recent lunch trip, as I was offered more than I was for take put. Got the Pad Thai w/chicken both times. Great price of $7.95, but when you sit down it also comes with iced tea and a bowl of soup. Soup was a corn based egg drop soup, which was different, but good. You also get a small egg roll. Yep...$7.95! Service is fast too! Enjoy! I'll be back soon :)
4	Craving Thai-ish and need a quick lunch? Hit up Bangkok Ocha, son. I met hubs here for a very speedy lunch where their lunch special includes iced tea, house soup and a noodle dish w/egg roll for $7.95. Oh, and it comes out in about 10 minutes flat. That's fast. And the food? Not too shabby! The house soup is a total bust for me - it's a corn egg drop soup. Yeah. Not sure where that came from, but it tastes like a watered down egg chowder for me. I'll pass on that. But, I ordered the pad see ew (which on their menu reads pud see ew) and it was quite tasty. A generous portion of chopped up flat, rice noodles with a soy sauce base, a bit of broccoli and bits of tender chicken. Considering it was lunch and I still had meetings to get to, I asked for a 3-star spice level (out of 5 stars) and it had quite a bit of heat! The service is quick and efficient and they definitely know how to turn those tables around during lunch time! While it's not my favorite Thai food in Charlotte, it's a nice quick and affordable option in South Charlotte.
4	I've been eating here on and off since I was in high school, and though it's not my favorite Thai in Charlotte, it's certainly convenient when I'm hanging out with family out that way.  I appreciate that it's family run, and the same folks have been there for many, many years.  (Although avoid the evenings when husband/wife are pissed at each other... screaming from the kitchen...)Their lunch specials are pretty decent, though I'll concur about the bizarre egg/corn soup.  I usually eat a couple spoonfulls and then decide to wait for the main course.I got their version of pad thai last time I was there, since they didn't have a green curry on the lunch menu, and I was really surprised and pleased by it.  Generally, pad thai is a little too peanut-y for me, but Bangkok Ocha's pad thai has more of a citrus base and is incredibly flavorful and lively.  I thoroughly enjoyed it.Keep it up, folks.
5	Lunch here is soo good!  Their house noodles are amazing. They are perfectly spiced and cooked everytime!  Comes with soup, an egg roll, and tea when you eat in.  All for 7.95. So worth it.  I dont even have to order anymore.  I go so often they dont even give me a menu!  One server is much better than the rest , but nothing beats these noodles for me!!!!
3	Always crowded during lunch time. Food is good but I don't like waiting for 20 mins plus for lunch. I would prefer the Thai House across the street.
2	We really wanted to like is place. We have yet to find a really excellent Thai place in charlotte. We ordered take out of pad Thai, pad see ew, red curry and fish cakes. The pad Thai was the most flavorful thing we had. The fish cakes were pretty greasy. Across the board, the dishes were flavorless. They warned me that the red curry was hot when I ordered it on the phone. Couldn't be further from the truth. The food was well cooked, but lacked seasoning and flavor overall. Nothing tragically wrong with it, just not very tasty. Also a bit overpriced.
5	I've only eaten here for lunch. I would highly recommend it! It's fast, friendly, priced right & very good. I always order the Pad Thai w/ chicken. They offer a spice (heat) range from 1 to 5 (5 being the hottest). I usually go with a 4. At lunch, for $7.95, you get unsweetened tea, soup, & your entree dish. They offer a different soup every day of the week. There is something to be said about friendly service and this place has it! To walk in and be greeted by name is a nice feeling. Because of my job, I once went almost a year without going in, but my first time back, I was greeted by name with a friendly smile, seated, and they even remembered what I used to order. Wow! It can sometimes be pretty busy at lunch time but the wait is never too long. You've got to give it a try!
4	Stopped by today while on business.  Place was empty.  Service was above average and food was very good.  Try the beef salad; fresh and very good.
4	I like the food here. It's very flavorful. I hesitated to write a review here before because I would've given them a bad one due to their portion size and pricing. However, on my most recent visit I've noticed that they increased their portion for lunch combinations. Even though they're still pricey, at least I'm getting more food. Their lunch deal is definitely their best deal. You get a soup, unsweetened iced tea, spring roll, rice, and main dish. They give you a good amount and it will fill you up. I typically order the seafood combo number 3, which is a basil based brown sauce. The sauce is delicious, and they give you plenty of seafood, shrimp, calamari, and scallops. I took away a star because they're a bit too pricey still, but they definitely have good food.
4	I don't frequent this little shopping center off of 51 often except for the occasional Fresh Market visit or essentials from Party City. I was happy to find solace in Bangkok Ocha for lunch with a deer chum of mine. Certainly a diamond in the rough for those who have not tried it. A quaint Thai resto with a lack of glitz and glam - my kind of joint. All about the food and service. You can't set your drink down without them filling it right back up! So rad. Food: They start you off with soup. It's some sort of rice-y, broth-y soup that has a somewhat peculiar color. Off white-ish. Very flavorful and salty. Contains some sort of protein as well. Either tofu or chicken, but not certain. I ordered the Pud Kee Mow. One of my favorites at any Thai place. Flat, pan seared noodles with veggies, chicken and plenty of spices. The flavor is very earthy and peppery. Huge portion for lunch, too. They give you a nice spring roll with your entree that isn't incredible, but definitely a nice touch for an already generous meal. Me and my buddy ate for just $18. Not too shabby, in my opinion. Definitely will be back for lunch again soon. This city has so many Thai options and I'm happy Bangkok Ocha is one of them! Cheers!
4	I have been eating here for years.  While the ambiance is not great, the food is very good and the prices are very reasonable.  I have probably eaten every item on the menu, lunch and dinner, and never been disappointed. I am a bit of a Thai aficionado, originally from NY.  Bangkok Ocha is better than most.  I have had better Thai at significantly higher prices in Florida and California.  There are a couple of places in an Atlanta that are as good but overall this is a terrific "once a week" (at least) spot.While I understand reviews are subjective; the details in some of these reviews, what was ordered and the comments, suggest input from Thai posers and dabblers rather than addicts.  I am the later.
4	These guys have the best scallops I've tasted in a landlocked area! I don't know how they do it. House Noodles with Scallops is a must try!!
5	Tucked away on a shopping strip, latent and nearly concealed is Bangkok Ocha. I've actually never noticed this restaurant despite the millions of times I've frequent this road and passed this exact location. One of my friends recommended Bangkok Ocha and raved that this is his favorite Thai restaurant. Let's be honest, I ignored him. The dull, insipid exterior does not exactly scream "GREAT, AUTHENTIC THAI FOOD HERE!" Nonetheless, the boyfriend and I decided to pop in last night and give Ocha a try!We ordered the stuffed chicken wings as our appetizer.  I must warn you, patience is key since everything is made to order. Boy was it worth the wait! The dish is accompanied with a sweet and sour peanut sauce. Crushed peanuts floated on the sauce's yummy horizon. I added some spicy peppers ("hot sauce") and BAM, perfection! Kinda felt horrible, but I couldn't resist asking the waiter for TWO refills on the sauce.For the entree, my boyfriend settled on the Curry Fried Rice and I went with one of my Thai favorites, Pad Kee Mow (pan-fried noodles stir fried with various vegetables, tomatoes and FRESH basil!). We asked for a level 4 (out of 5) of spiciness for both dishes. The main reason why I LOVE Thai food is the abundance of flavors, herbs and spices.  WOW.. Ocha delivered just that! Not at all exaggerating, but with the first bites into the entrees, all my worries drifted to the ceiling and I was in food heaven! SO many different, yet distinctive flavors between the two dishes. The Pad Kee Mow was steaming of fresh basil. The Curry Fried Rice was what really stimulated my taste buds, the most compelling flavors and spices that I've ever had in a Thai dish. Level 4 of spiciness allowed the perfect amount of spicy that complemented the other flavors and not at all overwhelming. We topped the prefect meal with Thai tea. I couldn't believe my luck, even the tea was more abundant in flavor than other Thai teas I've had. That was it. I officially fell in love with Bangkok Ocha!The only recommendation I have is to reflect the amazing spice and flavor of the food onto the design of the restaurant. I love hole-in-the-wall restaurants as much as anybody, but the flat decor and exterior does not do this place any justice! The restaurant is nice and clean, but the lighting is dark (and no, I do not mean dim), rendering the place dull. I think with a little bit of color and lighting, Bangkok Ocha will get the attention it deserves! Regardless, the service and food is so amazing that once they get people in the door, they're hooked (noticed most of their customers are regulars that the staff knew by name!).
5	We have a group from the office that frequent Bangkok a couple of times a month. It's great food, great price. Lunch menu is excellent and service is prompt.
5	I love, love, love this place! The food is always really good & the staff is always very nice. I remember when I first went to Bangkok Ocha, I told a gentleman that I wanted Thai Hot: 4 & he said, "Oh no no!" & that it would be too hot for me. Luckily, I've progressively been allowed to get my dishes hotter & hotter without them worrying :) I do like how they look out for you though. As for the dishes, they are always delicious. I can literally say there are days that I sit at my desk at work just imagining going to Bangkok Ocha. It is literally THAT GOOD.
1	I was really disappointed in this place. I had heard it was good, but the food was terrible. I got crispy spring rolls, which were flavorless & I ordered the pad thai w/ chicken. It didn't even taste like pad thai. No flavor. I will not be coming back here.
4	I have not been to Bangkok Ocha in quite a while... but came to have lunch with my sister here the other day.  We both decided to get the chicken Pad Thai on this visit.  I ordered mine with a spicy level of 3..it was good, but it was not quite as spicy as I had hoped.  The menu is very reasonably priced for lunch.  Service was good.  I definitely need to get back over here for dinner sometime soon, since I really like their version of Penang Curry here.
5	My family has been dining at Bangkok Ocha for years, and with good reason.  First, the staff is friendly, and they make a point of getting to know their customers.  They truly want guests to leave happy.  We always do.  The food is excellent, and the price is right.  I've never traveled to Thailand, so I can't vouch for the true "authenticity", but I have dined at a lot of Thai restaurants in the US and Europe, and this is my favorite.  I truly believe you won't find better Thai food in Charlotte.  The owners (Steven and Sunny) have made sure the flavors are perfect, and they aim to please.  I feel fortunate to have this delicious place just down the street.  And as a BONUS,  when I have a head cold, I go in and ask Steven for a curry dish to help clear my head, and he knows what works!  Also, the soups they serve at lunch are delicious.  Highly recommend!
3	Pretty good experience I had with my friends the other night. They close at 9:30 and we got there about 8:50, but they sat us right away and we were able to eat a great meal.  We chose to share mulitple dishes -pad Thai (love it), pineapple fried rice (little bland but great with a touch of hot sauce), spring rolls, house noodles and red curry( delicious). I definitely recommend this place to eat
3	Food is okay.
3	Even though I've lived just down the street for 8 years, this was my first time to Bangkok Ocha. The fella had been many moons ago and liked it, so we ventured out on a Wednesday night. When we walked in, there was only one other couple in there at 7:30 pm. As we sat down in the booth (of which there are maybe 6, plus 6-8 tables), the fella and I both noted at the same time that there was a really weird smell - I said wet and musty, he said dog. I think it was maybe wet dog. Service was really good, and we ordered pretty basic dishes; I got chicken pad thai, and he got chicken something. Mine was fine, but just a little dry, and his was better. For those two entrees and two glasses of wine, it was $35. Not too shabby.I'd give it another try, but I'm not in a hurry.
3	Nice atmosphere. Soft music and no televisions. A lot of food for the price. Pad thai was kind of bland. Good spring rools and thai iced tea. Attentive staff.
5	This place made me feel like I was visiting my parent's friend and eating in their dining room. It is AMAZING!Large portions or endless flavors and freshness. They give a lot for such low price! I love the environment and super friendly staff. I want to take this place, move it to Brooklyn and have it to myself.I shall visit again when I am in North Carolina :)
1	We ordered delivery from them tonight and we are so disappointed ! Coconut soup is too creamy,the flavor is there but its texture is too thick for soup.Pad thai noodles were mostly vegetables , and it's kinda bland, and there's baby corns. WHY is there baby corns in my pad thai !!?!? Ugh !!! I would make a wild assumption that their cook is not from Thailand because this is not how an authentic pad thai should taste like. Curry fried rice was also bland, luckily we have sriracha at home. Again the curry fried rice is not authentic neither.We will not order from this place again, sorry.For those of you looking for an authentic or even great taste thai food, this is NOT the place!
5	My family and I eat here all the time. I would put this food up against any Thai restaurant in town. Every time we go the food is consistently delicious and the owners and waitresses are very personable and friendly. Give this place a try you won't regret it. The house noodle dish is fantastic.
