4	Only open Oct-May, Saturday's 9-1.  This is a fun festival feeling place.  Lots of great hot food, crepes, omelets, grilled meats and wood fired pizza's with little tables set up under tents.  Even wine/champagne by the glass.  Very European type farmer's market.  Very small selection of organic veggies, but I think everyone is coming for the cooked food and the people watching.  In addition to the long hot cooking line there are some vendors selling gourmet products, such as mustards, pasta, and chocolate.  Parking is difficult and very crowded, a bit of a walk may be required if there is no parking left along the canal, but the weather is nice and after a little food and wine who complains.
4	Although initially let down by how few vendors there were the first time I went, I'm a believer in Vincent's market for the wood-burning pizza oven. I've gone three times now. For me, there's nothing like going for a leisure run along the canal Saturday morning and hanging a right at 40th Street to get replenished at Vincent's. I think the $8 pizzas are the best pizza I've had so far in metro Phoenix, if not Arizona. There are so many choices--smoked salmon, regular pepperoni, avocado. The crust is thin and just the right amount of crunchy. My favorite so far, but probably one of the most fattening, is the tarte flambe--cream, bacon and fresh thyme. Licking my lips just writing that. I notice that when Vincent himself is operating the oven, he still makes time to chat and charm patrons. I also had a mini ratatouille tart which was excellent. All the vegetables were a nice texture and the crust was great, but  you could taste the butter in it. You can also get grilled half chicken plate with vegetables and potatoes for $5. A great deal. However, the later you go, the drier the chicken might be. I plan to go back and try paninis, paellas and some of their other delicacies. The only thing is you must possess vulture-like reflexes to grab a table if you want to eat there. There are more crowds than tables and chairs. The vendors that are there have some decent wares to peddle. I was excited to find a woman there who sells farm fresh eggs since the downtown farmer's market always runs out. Also, just picked up some really yummy, not overly sugary raspberry jam. Anyway, I recommend parking at the strip mall across the street.
3	Overcrowded. Overpriced. Inconvenient. I'm giving the experience three stars, instead of the one or two stars I think it really deserves, because it's a nice idea - in concept: A "farmer's market" combined with a crafts fair and gourmet food. Perhaps it was the day I went, but the "Farmer's Market" portion was a little light. The crafts fair portion I thought was pricey. The food was wonderful, but I hate waiting in long lines.  Plus, they only take cash.The highlight for me was a both from Brophy (a local private boys high school). These kids were selling something called "Cookies in a Jar" - prepackage ingredients that the boys shop for and build. The proceeds go to their charity (they adopt a family). It isn't a cheap product - $12 a jar, but I was just so impressed with their attitude, I bought a couple of jars. It's nice to see teenage kids really care! Other than this, the experience was more frustrating than enjoyable.  Think I'll skip this and go to the Farm at South Mountain and then downtown to the Farmer's Market.
5	This is what neighborhood Phoenix / Scottsdale needs.  An outdoor farmer's market is perfect for this Arcadia area and more like it need to be opened throughout Phoenix metro area.  This small Saturday morning market is a small peek into what Saturdays in France or Italy are like.  People milling around, socializing, eating, drinking.... eating.  We walk there anytime my wife and I have the day off and just enjoy ourselves.  We share tables with strangers, strike up conversations with everyone, read the paper and just enjoy the market with no agenda.  Thank you Vincent.
4	What a wonderful start to your weekend! This little Saturday morning market that's outside of Vincent's restaurant, not only gives you the opportunity to start off the weekend with a little shopping (fresh produce and other stands with breads, floral arrangements and jewelry) it also let's you start off with some delicious food on a fabulous patio setting. I went for breakfast and had a made to order omelet, freshly made croissants with homemade raspberry jam and can't forget the mimosas. There's more though, if you're not in the mood for omelets, pastries or crepes, you also have the option of pizza, pastas, meats or whatever else they're cooking up. Definitely a place to check out when the weather's nice.
5	I love to wake up on Saturday mornings in the fall and go out to Vincents farmers market. They have fun and unique things to buy from various vendors and last season had Brophy H.S. out raising money by selling cookie jars (of which I bought one of weekly)! The food is superb and people watching if fun and relaxing while we enjoy our mimosas. It is a must do for the cooler months in AZ and I hope to see more people there.P.S. Get there early as seating is sometimes difficult to find, however sharing a table occurs frequently with other patrons :)
4	Hands down one of the best things to do on Saturdays in the valley.  There is so much to choose from and presented in a very casual friendly European way.  My personal favorite the Champagne!  A big fan of Vincents and Vincents Bistro, this a great addition for the nice months Arizona has to offerGet there early there is all outdoor seating and the tables fill up fast since people tend to hang out and socialize, there is also some seating in the Vincent Bistro were you get coffeeThere is so much to choose from, My personal favorite is the omelet and crepe bar.  However, there is pizza, roasted meat & potatoes, treats and a small farmers marketParking:  This is the tricky part, you can park next door but you have to pay $5 but well worth it, done park across the street I think they have started towing.Animal Friendly - bring your dog!
4	Great way to start a Saturday Morning.  Friendly staff and vendors, fresh food with a touch of european flare.  Homeade pizza's, bakery items, crepes, omelet bar, wine/champage station and european and locally made goods vendors.  The only down-side is that it's often difficult to find a table and the lines for the crepe and omelet bar can get too long, but I recommend you go early. If you appreciate european food, this is a must!
4	A group of friends and I decided to check out Vincent's Saturday Market this past weekend after a beautiful morning hike had worked up our appetites.  When we got there, the place was packed (but still had space to accomodate our group of 6).  It was the perfect outdoor market feel, with fresh vegetables from the garden available for purchase, next to organic lotions and soaps, and all sorts of food stands to whet any appetite (crepes, tacos, paninis, etc).  There was even a mimosa stand, where for $20 you could purchase a bottle of champagne, a glass of OJ, and as many plastic cups as needed.  This is definitely going to be added to my list of favorite places to enjoy a beverage while observing some extremely entertaining people watching!  I loved it, and hope to go again soon!
5	Ok, so I've been back a few times now and all I can say is love, love, love this place! I can't think of a better way to start off the weekend especially when the weather's nice out.  The food is made fresh to order, good size portions and decently priced.  You can choose anything from made to order omelets, crepes, mixed BBQ plate with choices from shredded pork and cabbage to lamb shank, and wood fired pizza.  Top that off with mimosas on the patio...amazing!
5	Top 5 reasons to discover Vincent's Saturday Camelback Market: ~ 1) Local organic beautiful veggies for sale ~ 2) Wonderful Vincent's pasteries ~ 3) Fantastic entrees being made on the spot for your delight ~ 4) Enjoy the cooking of a valley icon chef ~ 5) The people watching is great
4	A) it's nice to be outside again, B) fresh squeezed orange juice, C) crepes, crepes, crepes.  My daughter has asked me 3 times when we can go have savory crepes again (mozzarella and basil, yum!).  Of course, it was great to get fresh huckleberries too!
5	I love this little farmers market!  They have fresh produce that are amazing!  They have the most delicious crepes!  I love their panini's and I cannot enough.  They have fun little items you can buy from local vendors.  They have fresh seafood sometimes...I got mussells once and they were the best I have ever had!  I even enjoyed a mimosa while looking around!  It is a little expensive, but so worth it!
3	Pros: $8 pizza in lots of fresh, interesting flavor combinations.Champagne!  Orange juice! Outside ambiance Pastries/giant omelettesCons: It is not really a Farmers Market.  It is a place to go for brunch or arts/crafts buying.  There is ONE stand of vegetables and some of them have grocery store stickers on them (Driscolls strawberries and avocados today).  Parking is a mess. Crowded/claustrophobic.  It is ONLY in the parking lot of Vincent's.
4	Delicious but overpriced.....I had a craving for their tarte tatin (upside down apple tart)...a tiny slice of that wondrous dessert will set you back $ 6 which is not exactly cheap. I just enjoyed it at home after warming it up in the microwave and it was luscious!Yet despite the somewhat high prices, I love the ambiance of this little market. The parking situation is a mess as stated in other reviews. I tried my luck to park across  the street in the Fresh and Easy parking lot only to find out once reaching the market that parking was not allowed there for risk of being towed. There is a parking lot on the side however there is a  $ 5 charge to park there.The little market has a vast selection from fresh fruits and vegetables to omelettes, paninis, crepes to order, fresh squeezed orange juice, wood fired pizzas and last but not least little merchants offering goodies from linens, baked goods, honey, soaps etc...By the time I got there, the market was bustling and there was very little room to sit so I got my items to go and rushed back to my car thinking it might have been in the middle of being towed!By the way,the market is cash only!
4	I've been coming to Market for years - but not as often as I like. For some reason, I only think of it when it's time to mention it to someone else.This time around, it was the made to order crepes. A friend I work with is obsessed with crepes - so I thought of the Saturday Market to tell her about it.We went last Saturday, each ordered a savory crepe ($8) and a mimosa ($5). We were both very happy with our crepes - and too full to go for anything else.Pizza, paella, crepes, omelets, pastry, fresh fruits and veggies. Breads, oils, cheeses, olives, arts and crafts, and lots of shaded tables.I love this place for brunch!
5	I've been a fool. How is it that I haven't reviewed this yet? Well, today I remedy the oversight. First things first...the food:The food is fabulous. The crepes, the pizza, the paella, the made-to-order omelettes, the crepes...it's all good. (No, that's not a hip-hop euphemism...I'm serious...everything is delicious.) And the strawberries? Forget about it. They are the size of a small fist and taste sweeter than a knuckle sandwich. Hmmm...let me work on my analogies...similes...metaphors...oh bother. They are scrumptious!!!  Moving on...Anyway, my cousin and I decided that the mimosas are actually activated by the sun. So have 3 or 4 of those, go out and walk around the marketplace and you'll see what I mean. *giggle*Lastly, the marketplace is a fun time. I love to pick up unique jewels, veggies, fruits, and knick-knacks. My favorite thing to take home is the cookie mix from the boys of Brophy.  Everything in one jar for easy mixing and baking and they bake up perfectly every time. I'm happy the market is open again because I've been in the mood for crepes and I have a feeling that they are going to be exquisite.
4	They start at about 10a every Saturday in the cooler fall/winter months.  It is a quaint market located on the drive way and parking area of the restaurant.   They have a selection of artisan and craft vendors but the real reason you are here is the food.   Ok, well the fact that some of the artisan options are food like lovely and fragrant olive oils and sweet delectable french macaroons just add to the magic that is the food here.  Get here just after they open wander through to check the vendors, peruse the food and then grab a table and/or offer to share one with some of your fellow market goers. All the food her is delicious.  Rich french and or gourmet specialties like crepes, croissants, paella, fresh greens, pizza, paninis sandwiches, fresh fruit tarts....Here are some of my favorites:Go in and get the Mimosa package at the wine table $20ish for a bottle of quality bubbly and some fresh squeezed orange juice.   Check out the paella offerings.  On my last visit they had a wonderful goose confit with large white beans and sausage that was rich and wonderful. Check out the cheese table, they offer a generous cheese plate for about $10.  Their omelettes (made to order) are fluffy and of generous proportion.  The dessert counter has so many options but get there early because there is a limited supply.    The produce while not plentiful is fresh.  Think of this market more artisan as opposed to farmers.  I can't wait to return.
4	When the weather is great there is nothing better than a great lemon souffle, omelette and mimosas and people watching.  Shop local produce and honey.
5	Came here while visiting Phoenix for the first time and had literally the best pizza of my life!  That's coming from someone who had pizza in Italy so that's no small feat.  I don't even like thin crust pizza but this pesto and avocado pizza melted in my mouth...I need them to ship me some to the East coast! :) also bought some of the "designer" chocolate and a chocolate covered strawberry which were wonderful as well.  Parking in the back is free but kind of tight getting in and out.  Check this place out!
2	Disappointing...not really what I had in mind. I thought it would be more of a market experience and less of an overpay-for-OK-food experience, so perhaps it was my own prematurely high expectations for this place that did me in.First, parking is silly. You either have to park two blocks down, or pay $5 to park in Vincent's lot. No exceptions if you are a paying customer of Vincent's...you've still got to pay for the opportunity and privilege (!) of walking in their door to buy something. I've never seen a business take that stance before. It's not about the $5...it's about the experience of not seeing the "pay to park" sign (honest mistake!) and then getting chased down by the parking lot guy to pay him NOW or ELSE. Even if it was just 25 cents to park, I would have still moved my car, to not give more money than necessary to a place with such weird business practices.If I had been going there by myself, I would have just called it a day and gone someplace else. I wouldn't have even bothered with a Yelp review, either. BUT... I was meeting up with a group of people and didn't want to miss out on seeing them, so I ended up becoming one of Vincent's customers that day. The combination of being accosted in the parking lot and moving my car two blocks down to just walk right back again, plus the disappointing atmosphere and food quality prompted me to actually get on Yelp for this.I had heard good things about this place and so skipped my usual breakfast in order to brunch here. I was starving. I looked for the least expensive thing I could find (yes, I was still disgruntled about being yelled at in the parking lot, and didn't want to spend too much at this place). Despite being ravenous, I thought the pastry I bought was just kind of OK...and doesn't food usually taste 10x better when you're really hungry?? But it was just.....fine. So I paid $9 for a so-so pastry and an OK cup of coffee. If I wanted to pay $9 for over-hyped mediocrity, I would've gone to Starbucks. And Starbucks wouldn't have kicked me out of their parking lot. Anyway, I suppose if my expectations had been a little lower, and I had know about the parking situation beforehand, it might not have been such a disappointing experience. ON THE PLUS SIDE, I discovered Carmel's down the street after leaving Vincent's, and Carmel's is amazing!!
4	I've been coming here for years now. It's a wonderful experience, especially if you are looking for something different or for your out of town guests. I go to the mimosa station or my favorite, the omelet station where they prepare you an omelet on the spot with the ingredients you choose. All this while you shop a couple local vendors and boutiques. I am able to pick up a couple specialty grocer items and pastries and baked goods to take home. The restaurant (Vincent's) is open for seating. It does get cold in the morning. There's hot chocolate and coffee, pets are ok on a leash to stroll with you. Love this place!
3	It's a farmers market insomuchas there is stand with some vegetables. But that's not what they're going for here, and probably next to impossible to offer in the desert.What they do have is a bunch of great little food stands and local crafts. Great place to spend a relaxing Saturday morning in Arcadia muching on some pizza, paella, or an omlette. Also, sell champange for mimosas, so you can turn your Saturday into a little champagne-jam. Parking can be tricky, don't pay 7-11 5$, just go to the office building directly west on Camelback and you can park for free.
