3	We stayed here to attend a festival held at Usine-C.  I was looking for something half way between the venue and Chinatown.  Also, centrally located near the key shopping areas, such as St. Catherine and Plateau.  I fell in love with St. Denis as soon as we stepped foot out of the cab in front of the hotel.  It reminds me of St. Marks, the way it used to be in the 90's, in NYC.  If you have ever stayed at a hotel in St. Marks NYC, then you know what to expect from this place, and at least you have your own private bathroom here.  In NY this location would be at least $150 per night.  There are so many ethnic restaurants to choose from and great shopping in the area as well, all within walking distance.  We did see a few other hotels on the same street, but none of them looked as nice as Latin Quarter.The hotel room was about $60 CAD per night for two people to share, and the price was very low for such a large city.  The WIFI here is free, but you will have to get the password from the front desk.  I was very happy that the password did not expire nightly, like they do at most hotels.  Do not expect much service from the front desk clerks, or a DND pass for your door- there was not one to be found.  So there is no way of avoiding the cleaning lady.  I do not recommend staying here during the hot months, because our room was getting very stuffy and very hot during the day, but at least it was cool enough at night for us to open the windows and get some cool air to sleep peacefully.  The noise was minimal.  There is a small TV with about 60 channels, but the remote control was very dirty with all kinds of stuff crammed in between the numbers.  However, the room and bathroom were very clean and the sheets were not torn or stained.  I am the roach and bug police and did not see either of the two while staying here.  The soap that they give you is half of a tiny bar of soap that does not lather well, and the nearest Couche Tard does not carry soap, only toothpaste.  So, I highly recommend bringing all of your own soap and hair care products.  The toilet worked and the hot water and water pressure was fine.We did the free continental breakfast the first morning and did not come back.  It was bad- your choice of dry muffin or dry croissant, with a coffee/hot tea, and orange juice.   Served to you in a basement room the size of a closet, so I noticed many people taking the stuff up to their rooms to eat.  There are so many places to get crepes and breakfast on our street that we would just go out to eat instead.  That is, if you wake up in time to eat breakfast.So, if you are looking for a cheap hotel in a central location with no frills- I recommend it.  It is a cheap hotel, enough said.
1	The hotel for the price range and the star rating is fair. One thing i will complain about is the staff. Of all the hotel stays i've ever done (and i've had my generous share of moving around on a budget and in luxury) i have never met a most unprofessional, discourteous, and sarcastic staff who work in hotels. You ask for something (airconditioning) and staff asks for a minute (and he returns on facebook... I came back in 2 minutes and asked and was lectured to not expect it to be done immediately, while his computer screen was still on facebook. Stayed from 25-27 august 2012.NEVER STAY HERE!!!!
4	As a wandering tourist my expectations were good location and cheap price. Perhaps the "hotel" title is confusing but it's more comfortable than a hostel. My room was clean but humidity was a problem, the single rooms are in the basement. The staff are friendly. However the internet connection is very slow from all floors and you should not expect the continental breakfast to keep you full.
