3	Newington coffee shop is the closest cafe to my flat, and as such gets quite a bit of business from me in regards to grabbing a coffee on the way to uni to help me stay awake.Newington Coffee Shop offers a lot more than a quick caffine injection - it offers a large amount of food, such as morning rolls with various fillings, as well as sandwiches and lunch time snacks all of which are simple and decent food. Its not exactly gorment, but does what its meant to - fill you up.The cafe itself is in need of a lick of paint, but aside from that is pleasant and a great place to watch the wrold go by with those huge glass front windows.A decent place to go to, for a quick bite or a grab it and go coffee stop.
3	Newington Coffee Shop is sporting quite an 80s signage, emphasising that it's not an overly self conscious, trendy cafe like the ones you would find further up towards the Royal Mile. But if you're like me and enjoy some good old fashioned grub, that's not a bad thing.They've got an impressive amount of sandwich fillings on the menu, with create your own deals being at the cheap end of cheap. Bacon rolls won't break the bank either if you're in need of a quick hangover fix before going to uni.I was famished after walking miles around Edinburgh the other week and Newington's certainly filled a gap. It's not cuisine but if I'm getting a quick brew and a cheap bite, I'm happy enough!
3	Newington Coffee Shop is situated in the centre of the busy Newington area of Edinburgh and so lots of students pop in to grab a snack or lunch to and from Uni. I go into the shop a lot on weekend mornings when I feel hungover to nurse a cup of coffee and have their cooked breakfasts or a bacon roll which are so delicious. The food is cheap and cheerful and the portions are a decent size. All food is cooked fresh and you can see them prepare your meal at the counter. They serve all day breakfasts, filled rolls, burgers and panini's - a great place to pop in for lunch. It is a lovely place to sit down and eat your meal there as their windows face onto busy Nicolson Street so it is a great shop to people watch in. All their food is available to takeaway as well.
3	Newington Coffee Shop feels like a traditional greasy spoon crossed with a fast food chain.  There's a large menu above the counter offering the usual bacon and sausage rolls, a variety of hot and cold drink and even burgers.  I used to come here frequently for a hungover munch with my mates in first year and it always did the trick with a tasty bacon and egg roll.  This place is also almost always rammed early in the morning as people grab their breakfast on the way to work.  The interior decor isn't the most modern, but the atmosphere feels fine and the staff are friendly.  If you're after a quick bite to eat or a coffee then Newington Coffee shop could be for you.
3	What is it  with "coffee shops" that LOOK like coffee shops but turn out to be fast food restaurants?From the outside Newington Coffee Shop (theoretically a coffee shop in Newington) looks like a fairly ordinary coffee shop, the kind of place you sip your morning cappuccino with your pastry while you read the paper. But inside it looks more like McDonalds, with big lit up boards displaying what burgers and pizzas are on offer. Maybe this is just the next step in evolution for the greasy spoon.Anyway I suppose Newington Coffee Shop is fine at what it does, once we've established just what that is. It's quite a big place, with lots of seats (though it can get quite busy). The hot drinks are pretty standard and well priced. The food is pretty cheap takeaway average but the portions are decent.I wouldn't recommend Newington Coffee Shop is you are expecting a quaint little Italian, to appreciate a fine espresso and maybe treat yourself to an almond croissant. But if you want to stuff your face with cheap pizza in an honest environment, then Newington Coffee Shop ain't that bad!
1	Shell S, I totally agree, we had breakfast there recently and was charged more than what the price on the menu stated and when I called her on it she told me it was because we had two coffees, we only had one coffee and then she tried telling us that we had a large coffee, we didn't order a large coffee just a reg one. The food was decent but the service was crap and they were dishonest and for that I shall never return to this place.
