4	Good source to Kill your Carne Asada Burrito hunger!  this thing is big and cheap... real steak sliced up and well grilled (upon request) I always eat it california style which is to have everything including rice and beans inside. I do it "dry" style which is no sauce/gravy on top... that way I can pick it up, dump some hot sauce on it and crush it!  this place is open late, in fact 24 hours i believe... I have gone there at all hours of the morning only to find the food cheap and cheerful. The help is friendly, but the bar crowd have pretty much destroyed the bathroom so dont expect much in that department.
2	The food is what you would expect from a little burrito shop with a drive through.  Filling, somewhat greasy and cheap!  One warning and what made me stop going here was when my boyfriend handed them his debit card to pay and they handed him a slip of paper and said, write your pin number down please.no thanks, I took my business to Fiesta Burrito.
3	Other than those of the "-erto's" name, I haven't had much luck finding good late night burritos in Scottsdale. Sure, during the day there is Chipotle, or even Taco del Mar is pretty good, but the missing ingredient to my recipe for constant access to quality Mexican munchies has been the late night burrito shop. I tried this place last night, hoping it would close the deal, and, for a minute, I thought it had. An abundance of sour cream and melted cheese goes a long way in my book. I had all but decided when I got to the chicken inside my Texas burrito (containing sour cream, cheese, french fries, chicken, sour cream, cheese, and sour cream) I was thoroughly disappointed. It was grisly. A steak can have a knot or two in it, but chicken? This was no knot. These were chicken grisles. First it was one, then another, then another. The burrito was good size and cheap and was so close to perfection if it weren't for the main ingredients' shabbiness. I may give it one more go 'round with a steak burrito, but my recommendation is to avoid the chicken.
4	Went here on the recommendation of my bartender as they called last call at the bar on Saturday, and I was not disappointed.  He recommended the Arizona Burrito, which had potatoes and carne asada, among other items, and it was fantastic.  We also ordered carne asada fries, and those were good, too.  Perfect late night Mexican food, though slightly overpriced.
4	I pass by Super Burrito everyday on my way to work.  One morning, my stomach was a-grumblin' and a-growlin' and so I decided to stop and check this place out.  I decided that if I'm gonna see this bitch on a daily basis, I should at least introduce myself.Inside was pretty okay.  The interior reminded me of Fat Burger, right down to the jukebox and the angry-looking Mexican dude behind the counter. As soon as I walked in, I remember being deafened with Banda music.  It was playing about as loud as it could have been played, about as loud as those cars with the bass cranked up so high that it sounds like it's farting down the street.I got my old, classic favorite while I was there:  The California Burrito.  Carne asada, potatoes, chilies and cheese.  They browned the tortilla just right so it was slightly crispy, but not crumbly and not dry.  The tortilla was big and thick too, which led me to believe that they probably made it there.  If Super Burrito were a girl, she'd think I was pervy the way I ogled that burrito.It was really good.  I think I'll pop in more often and wolf down some burritos.  Bonus is that it's open 24 hours, so if you have the beer munchies or the pot munchies or the regular, I haven't eaten in a while munchies and it's 2 am, you can grab a burrito and gain repletion.
3	How many times have I rolled up on this spot at 3:30am to get a Arizona/california burrito.  hmmmm...  steak, cheese, pico, and home fried potatos and the thing is gigantic. $4 you cant beat it.this place is EXACTLY the same as Rivas.  Actually all these 24 hour burrito places in valley are all the same.love them.
2	I didn't love my food at Super Burrito, but to be fair, I must tell you that 3 trailer-park, hillbilly, in-bred, DOUCHEBAGS, interrupted my famous "Taco Inspection!" We arrived at Super Burrito at about 2AM on a Friday night (first mistake) and immediately upon entering the restaurant and identifying myself as "The Taco Inspector," these three ass-clowns got in our face and would NOT stop talking crap--even after we got our food and sat down. The date ended with the Scottsdale Police showing up, and well, at least we got a couple minutes of these cock-noses on video with my flip camera! You can see the video at www.thetacoreview.com From what I remember, my tacos were kind of bland, but we will return for a repeat-inspection.Peace from The Taco Inspector!
3	Decent Enough Burrito would be a more appropriate name for this place, but you can't blame taco-slingin' restaurateurs for aiming high. On the good side, they offer have slightly bland but passable interpretations of Mexican-inspired fast food. Little miniature tacos for a dollar is a fine deal, allowing you to sample a fine variety of meats in your meal, especially important since pastor is offered. And there's a little salsa bar too, which is a huge bonus for capsaicin junkies, as there's nothing worse than having to plead for an extra couple cups of sauce from stingy taco makers. Can metered doses of hot sauce really be cutting into profit margins? Maybe if the cups were a little bigger, I wouldn't need five of them. Anyhow, with salsa bar, go to town. Get reckless. It's not all smiles around here, however. The glory of a taco shop lies partially in its propensity to serve up your grub lickity split, but Super Burrito does not subscribe to this philosophy at all. Super Burrito took an astoundingly, amazingly long time. There was only one other customer in the restaurant too, which compounded our confusion. I felt forgotten and unloved, and if I had known about the wait, I would have brought a copy of Atlas Shrugged. Nonetheless, the food does the trick and its available around the clock, meaning you could do worse than Super Burrito.
4	I really don't see how you can give this place anything other than a 4-star rating. Subtract out the fact that you're in Scottsdale and it's more likely than not that there will be one or more douchebags inside (i believe it's called a murder of douches when they travel in a pack) as well as some of the ironic hyperbole of the name, and the place is pretty damn good.I've had the carne asada (sober) and the california burrito (somewhat less than sober) and I have to say both were sold efforts. In fact, I have yet to find a clearly superior burrito in Phoenix (caveat: I am not a fan of the southwestern style carne asada that is very dry & heavily chipotle flavored). The burritos here are more Americanized mexican style and a little sloppy at times. But it's all flavor juice as far as I'm concerned.So can I recommend this place? yes. Will I go back? Yes. Am I expecting a transcendent burrito eating experience in some little-known hole-in-the-wall gem? Nope, and I'll be sure to use the drive thru next time to avoid the murder of douches inside.
4	It's Friday...strike that, Saturday morning.  I have one mud covered high heel.  I have had a few vodkas, so have my friends.  We took a cab, but that doesn't stop us from getting a burrito.  I buy one for the cab driver too since he was nice enough to turn off the meter and didn't mind that my shoe was extremely dirty.  The pastor taco is delicious.  The chorizo burrito is delicious.  The bean and cheese burrito is delicious, not that you can mess up something that simple.  The guy behind the counter is super and puts up with my drunken food requests (basically, that means adding sour cream, guacamole, and pico de gallo to everything).  It also helps that my best friend speaks fluent Spanish and that the counter guy has a crush on me.Super burrito is not only great for drunk binge eating, but also for awkward heart to hearts with your friends.  If you can't say it over burritos on the patio, when can you say it?  It reminds me of those 'chew it over with Twix' commercials, only you shove a burrito in your mouth instead of candy bars.
1	I was surprised to see that other Yelpers thought this place was cheap.  Five dollars ($5.00) for a bean burrito is not reasonable, in my opinion.  To be fair, the burrito was pretty large, but I did not like that there was one price regardless of the ingredients.The real reason that I am even writing a review is because of the poor service.  As soon as I walked in, this large and gruff man said, "Whaddya want?"  And after I ordered, there was of course no "Thank You," no eye contact, no smile.Poor service is my pet peeve, no matter where it is found.  It just irks me.
1	so i wake up from my power nap with a super craving for chicken enchiladas. after talking my boyfriend into going with me on the epic hunt for food we take a drive to super Burrito i have never had before). Upon arrival we ordered a carne asada burrito, an order of beef enchiladas (for him) , and an order of chicken enchiladas (for me) with a medium coke. Pulling up to the window we wait and then receive our food. We stopped a few more places after that at the request of the boy and by the time we arrived back i sweating and breathing heavier than a fat girl at a chili fest. I opened the first take out box to find.....beef enchiladas. I opened the second box and found......CHEESE!?!?!? I definitely did not order cheese, that's like going to a burger place and being handed a bun with a slice of cheese. Wheres my damn patty?!?! So here i sit still hungry and now super aggravated.
3	Good cheap mexican food...that's it.  Don't come expecting more than that.  I like it during the day though because, again, it's cheap, good and the portions are pretty hefty.
3	Ok Super Burrito, you were chosen randomly to be the first Mexican food I had since moving here a few weeks ago. Our relationship is not set in stone yet but our first date was so brief I hardly had time to get to know you. Let's start with the food, pretty tasty though I could've done without the guacamole and sour cream on my carne asada fries. I did not know what came on the fries beyond the description in the name itself and the guy taking my order didn't offer to say. Moving on...they were tasty and I was not too disappointed in letting you be my first "Arizonian Mexican Food". On to the service, I was greeted in Spanish so I ordered in Spanish. However I am quickly realizing that the Spanish I speak is what they call Castilian and it happens to be a different dialect than what most people here speak. So I did my best to keep it short and so did you. Anyways while the food was cooking I was explaining your menu to my husband and came across the part about you cooking brains and tongues. Well I decided to ask if you knew where I could find anticuchos, which are marinated chunks of beef heart roasted over an open flame, and you looked at me very very strangely and said you didn't know what I was talking about. I suppose Mexican cooks stopped just short of using it after cooking up the brains, tongue, and intestinal walls. I laughed and said it was a Peruvian thing and not to worry about. ...And so concluded my awkward entrance into the world of Mexican dining in Arizona!
4	it's fast and greasy, and i eat here once in a blue moon when i'm up way too early on a weekend for home-improvement, on my way to lowes or the depot. quick and cheap, and the simple egg and cheese breakfast burrito keeps me full for about 3 days (but i never poo in those 3 days either, so it's probably not that healthy ).
3	Pretty decent fast Mexican food.  Like a Filaberto's, but a bit better in my book.  The place was clean, the service was nice, and the food was fresh!But, for those who are gluten intolerant, I think the corn tortillas might have wheat in them.
4	uhm super burrito whatever you put in your Arizona Quesadilla minus the pico makes that quesadilla so freakin' greasy and good that i used to be enamored by Los Betos Carnitas and Carne Asada quesadillas. I'm sorry Los Betos I still heart you but Super Burrito just got my "I love your quesadillas" vote! So yum, cheap, and good!
4	I use to be a Los Betos girl, but I have converted over to Super Burrito lol. I still like them, but I find that Super Burrito has more choices and they have things available 24/7. Los Betos no longer has some of their breakfast items available past a certain time as they once did. And they don't let one do some changes to some of their orders the way they do at Super Burrito. And their churros are yummy along with their tongue tacos. I really dig their Arizona quesadilla. For some reason, I find it better as a quesadilla than as a burrito. It's a good place when it's late and you're fiending for some food.
4	I love this place.  It's an inconspicuous little spot I found about 2 months ago while craving a burrito.  I gave it a shot and have been hooked ever since.  Egg, Potato & Cheese Burrito is everything!  It's even good WITHOUT the salsa choices that are available to add to your burrito.  Yes!
5	I'm in love with their super nachos. I think I gain weight just thinking about them. Seriously.
1	DONT GO HERE!I got stomach upset after I ate their carne asada burrito. The standard is not as Filbertoes or Riva's.STAY AWAY
5	It was around 1am, after exploring the dives along the South side of Old Town and many cervesas later, we were strolling along and the smell of food came to my senses and low and behold to my left was the Super Burrito!  I had flashbacks from college to a joint called Burritos As Big As Your Head and I had to give it a try!  We walked in the door and, how appropriate, there was a guy stoned out of his brains waiting to dive into some late-night Mexican grub Hahah!  It also was very apparent to me because I am a bit of 'clean freak', that the place was very sterile...stainless steel counter tops, open view to the kitchen, clean tile floors...few 24hour places ever look that clean (I have only been here once but I hope it is always like that-extra kudos).  So I walk to the counter and the friendly gentleman asked me what I was hungry for and I had no idea!  So he gave me a brief tour of the menu and I opted for the Super Nachos to share with mi Amigo!  It came covered in lots of yummy carne asada and they added lots of pico de gallo for me, and then we topped it with various fresh salsa from the salsa bar.  And because the street tacos, our stoner neighbor was chowing down on, looked sssooooooo good I had to try two of them too!  FYI the carne asada is better than the carnitas.  We did not go home hungry that early Saturday 'morning'!  As you would expect at such a place, the prices are very reasonable, but what sets this place apart for me was the cleanliness and great service...oh yeah and the food is good, but what isn't at the wee hours of the morning  :)
5	always amazing food!! the salsa is the best!
3	UPDATE March 22, 2013: Scrumptious burrito, kinda greasy but yummy. They seem to have new people every time I come in including the chef, but whoever helps is very nice. I'll bump this review to 3 stars for now.Late March addition: Late night scrumptious. WIN. The steak and chorizo breakfast burrito is heavy and delicious! Grab a variety of sauces.-------------------------------------I gave two tries for a chile relleno burrito at Super Burrito. One was last week when I heard about the change in ownership, the next was last night. The first, there was only a strip of green chile, no batter or cheese, there was a little pico I think, and then it was half-stuffed with lettuce and it was STILL a thin burrito. Last night I told them about this, and they made sure they did it to their standard. Ingredients were better represented, but BARELY so. Also while I was at the counter, a guy returned his styro-packaged dish with a complaint in spanish I didn't quite understand and grimmace. I won't get a relleno burrito from there again. Fiesta Burrito does that one RIGHT. Big green chiles and ample cheese.You get TWO rellenos at Fiesta.SB gives one and lots of lettuce.The main redeeming factors for Super Burrito is that they're open 24 hours, and the selection of salsas and hot sauces from the bottle are BOMBERIFFIC!!! The dark red salsa is smokey red. Try the varieties of bottled sauces from the tub. You've had Cholula and Tapatio and maybe El Yucateco habanero sauce, but try some of the other small bottle dark orange sauces you've never seen before. My mouth is watering now just thinking of them. I wrote the brands on a napkin, but I can't remember them. You'll see. You can dump some in a to-go Solo container, feel free.They also have the traditional thin Berto's red sauce up front.Super Burrito has become the girlfriend that is losing interest in you by not caring as much. However at 3AM you tolerate the mediocre sex cuz she's always ready for you. However lately that's REALLY a good thing to have something ready for you that will satisfy.
2	I swung by Super Burrito after I dropped the baby off at daycare this morning.  Figured I'd try a chorizo and egg burrito.  While it was greasy, I didnt think it was SO greasy that it would trigger a Non-Gallbladder attack.  I was wrong.  So. Very. Wrong.  If I'm ever in the need of a full colon-cleansing, I'll return to Super Burrito.
2	More soggy Rolled Tacos - five of them for $4 bucks. Slightly crispy on edges, but a mushy mess in the middle. This was through the drive-through at about 11pm. These were not good, but they are the kind of item you eat anyway if not good and regret it later. Will probably order a Burro here next time, since thats the name of the place, but they should know how to properly deep fry a rolled taco. Decent red sauce is available also.
4	This is one of our go to places for Mexican food.  The food is pretty fast, and always tasty.  We have had the Carnitas plates and thought that was the best it would get.  But tonight we tried the Abodabo plate, and hands down, it is a new favorite.Watch out for the green salsa, it sneaks up on you.  Tasty, but HOT.
5	Try their chile relleno, they are super!  We usually try to swing by here when we have a reason to be in Scottsdale.
5	$4 breakfast burritos the size of Pringles cans.You know what you're getting yourself into when you come to this place.  I did, at least.  Super Burrito provides cheap food in obscene quantities to dudes on their lunch, people looking to sop up booze at midnight, and people who love to watch Spanish soap operas on a 10 inch flat screen.I love Super Burrito.
2	I've driven past this place several times and finally decided to drop in and give it a try.  After browsing their menu, I decided to order:Carne Asada Burrito, $4.75http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/super-burrito-scottsdale?select=eR3xIlBl1b5Cg2yTXHbGJw#eR3xIlBl1b5Cg2yTXHbGJwBeans/Rice/Cheese Burrito, $4.00http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/super-burrito-scottsdale?select=WOj1IM7axTeRw4yk49maVQ#WOj1IM7axTeRw4yk49maVQWhile I waited for my food, I went to load up on Salsa.  They have a typical Salsa Bar that you find out here in the Phoenix area Taco shops.  I tried the spicy Salsa and the roasted Peppers Salsa.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/super-burrito-scottsdale?select=qPz2yJ8gswOPHTYerncIlA#qPz2yJ8gswOPHTYerncIlAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/super-burrito-scottsdale?select=AvDrycOxAXhouTAGL4COQg#AvDrycOxAXhouTAGL4COQgAfter a short wait my food was ready.  The Burritos are pretty large and come with Chips...that was an unexpected bonus.  Before I jumped into the Burritos, I tried the Chips...they were stale, yuck.I then went for the Carne Asada Burrito....took one bite and was underwhelmed.  There was very little flavor to it.  Ok, another bite....and then another.  Wow, this was the blandest Carne Asada Burrito I've ever had.  Another unique thing was that the Burrito had grilled Onions and Salsa in it....very runny for a Burrito like this.  However, that didn't help with the flavor at all.  As a matter of fact, I only ate 1/2 of it.Next, I tried the Beans/Rice/Cheese Burrito....again, it was underwhelming and bland.  I poured the spicy Salsa and Roasted Peppers Salsa on it to give it some flavor....that was it's only saving grace.Overall, it was a very disappointing dining experience.  Oh well, it happens sometimes.Return Factor - 2%
3	I always like to say super burrito is super at 3 am but not so super the next morning.  Jokes aside... It's great for that past midnight bite to eat, but with places on 68th street like tacos Jalisco or the amp market open they fall way short.  They do give you good value and solve hunger issues but they are kind of like the last option for Mexican in south Scottsdale.
3	A friend and I were visiting from San Diego and decided to get some burritos. This was the first place we spotted on the side of the road. Maybe Arizona Mexican food is different than California Mexican food but the burritos were not great at all. I got the chile reano burrito and it had nothing but the chile and guacamole in it. I was expecting maybe beans and cheese too but nope. My friend got the carne asada and it had nothing but meat in it. We also had to wait a really long time in the drive through when there was no one ahead of us or in the actual restaurant. It was 2 am and I feel like I shouldn't have to wait that long. Won't be a go to spot next time I'm in the area.
1	Not only did these assholes give me carne asada burritos when i ordered pollo, they looked guilty while I was ordering it so instead of just telling me they were out of chicken they gave me beef which I havent eaten in over 10 years thinking I would fall for it.  I will never give them my business again. Think before you act assholes.
5	I love super burrito, my fav is a bean tostado with lettuce, tomatoes, and onions with a little cheese, it fills you up and on weight watchers its only 6points, try it with the homemade salsa bar
2	I can now say I've waited 25 minutes in a drive thru line... The food was decent, definitely made fresh as it was hot when I got it... but the fact that there was a small child running around the kitchen was a bit unnerving. Overall not worth the wait...
5	My friend and I we're hungry and driving around. We came upon this place. The service was great and the food was filling and very delicious. It's an out of the way trip, but we will be back!
5	I am surprised by the reviews on Yelp. I would say I am almost a regular at Super Burrito. I am a self employed entrepreneur and love that it is open 24 hours dine in and drive thru. I have been going there for years and everything I have had is delicious. They are always friendly and nice and usually give me a little extra or something on the side so I can try something new. The prices can't be beat, my girlfriend and I eat for under $10 and always have some left over. The food is not bland like a lot of people say and most of all it is quality.The salsa's are amazing with just the right amount of spice. I have even taking my family and 75 year old grandma there and she loved it!It is true Mexican food and know that before you go in there. It is greasy depending on what you get, but so it so many other restaurants. It is family and friend owned and they consistently keep updating and improving over time!Plus they have freaking churros that are delicious!
5	yes, if you're looking for something super expensive and fancy, or somewhere to take a date, you'll be out of luck here.but if you want a hole-in-the-wall mexican place, i feel like this one can't be beat. huge portions, cheap prices, and there's just something about it i can't place. i just love it so.its breakfast burritos are always there for me if I need them (chorizo, but also poke a hole in the bottom of the burrito before you start eating it because you're going to want a way for the oil to drip out as you eat it). The carne asada fries have helped me through many a boring saturday. by that i mean if i was bored on a saturday afternoon, i would eat them and then take a nice long nap through the afternoon. if you can stay awake after a portion that size, you're probably on meth. anyway, i'm always going to love this place. i hope the family running it finds a way to get rich off of this.
4	My go-to spot for breakfast burritos. Although prices went up recently, they are still reasonable. Drive through makes it easy to pick up a quick meal on the way to work in the morning but if you go inside there's a salsa bar.
5	been here twice... delish, second time was better than the first time! salsa was super tasty! Roll taco was my favorites
4	Good fast Mexican food with decent prices. Usually order Hard shell carne asada tacos, shrimp cocktail, or breakfast burrito. Always very friendly at the drive thru. Only complaint I would have is sometimes chips are a little stale.
3	They once had the BEST breakfast burritos in this town but lately the bacon hard as a rock and large chunks of bacon fat.  I hope they read this because i LOVED those burritos and want the original GOOD bacon back!!!  Don't know why overcooked all the sudden because ruining burrito.  Also, I got two small bones in one I had a month ago.  Went back today 9/17 to give another change but that bacon was not good at all.  Please bring old burrito back!
5	I am a picky eater and customer service is huge to me. I can honestly say I have never been disappointed here. I highly recommend their shrimp burrito and if all you have is $5.40 I highly recommend their Two Fish Taco with medium drink. It is delicious, hearty and healthy, loaded with fish, cabbage and their house made pico. I also enjoy their generous complimentary salsa bar. I always go for the Horchata, it's delicious and my food is always served with good vibes!
5	Love the breakfast burritos here. Can't beat the 24 hours being open too. Highly recommended this place!
2	I'm sad to say that Super Burrito "fell off".  I've ordered twice here in the past few months and the food has not been good.  The burrito (Potato, Egg & Cheese) I'd been ordering for years was extremely greasy and undercooked.  Another time I ordered take out with my friend and the enchiladas were dry, lacked seasoning and the cheese wasn't even melted.  I felt so bad, I cooked up something for her at home.  I'm not sure if there is a new chef, but I am terribly disappointed in the recent changes.
