3	First review, ever, so be gentle and use lubrication. I mean have a drink! Filthy folk. The Waiting room is just around the corner from home and is probably, in my humble opinion, one of the best bars in the Morningside area. Not that difficult really as there's only another couple to annoy it. The staff are very friendly and helpful. The food is cheap, cheerful and filling. Usually a good selection of local (Scottish anyway) beers on offer. The only down side for me is the large number of fitba screens dotted around. I cannae stand fitba. Other than that, good place for a pint and some pub grub. If you can do so between fitba games all the better. It would have been 4 stars but due to fitba -1 to 3.
3	I walked by the Waiting Room about a million times before I finally wrangled The Man to come for a drink with me.  It was the fact that they have Black Isle on tap that did it for him.  What did it for me is the art deco vibe.  I'm quickly realising that I love all things art deco/art nouveau/arts & crafts and it's enough to draw me in anywhere.  So, a few weeks ago, we finally went.  The bottled drink selection was very good- though they could probably benefit from a drinks menu somewhere.  The staff were friendly and  nudged me in the direction of a better brew when I was uncertain.  The decor was generally as expected.  Unfortunately this was a Friday night and I wonder if the same crowd frequents this place on a Friday night as on a Saturday.  We were faced with chats from drunken older men who had stopped in at 5 and were still there at 9:30/10.  There were girls who looked liked they were on a proper night out.  There were guys there to oogle said girls.It felt like we were in the city center and not tucked away in an art deco pub in Morningside.However, I hear it's much better after work and I hear the food's pretty decent, so I will give it another chance to wow me away from my other Morningside favourites.
4	This a fantastic place and food is really good. Great place to watch a game of football or have some per night out drinks...it's a must if you are in the area.
3	Banter BoozerI always walked past here and never went in, it has now been rectified, I SHALL dink here again. Staff were so friendly, got you in on their banter and even got in on your banter, that's what banter is all about
