4	I am in tempe for a few weeks with my pup for work. I was searching for a close dog park so I could take Toby the dog for some playtime while on a short break.I was lucky enough to find this park that was less than a mile from where we are at ASU. Toby was very excited!The fenced in area is decent size and has several park benches and tables . They also have a nice water fountain with a doggie dish for your thirsty doggy. Plastic poop bags are provided and the park is lighted after dark.The couple times we have gone it has been full of very nice playful dogs!
4	Although small (less than an acre), Mitchell is the best dog park in the area. There is grass -- patchy in places, but grass nonetheless, and more than the picture shows -- surrounded by rock, and some concrete on a sidewalk that leads to seating.There is plenty of street parking plus some off-street parking next to the old school. The fencing is secure all around the park and the entrance is double-gated. Benches line the park and four or five picnic tables are available. Shade is at a premium, however, so be prepared for the sun in the heat of summer. There is also lighting inside the park, but I haven't actually been there after dark.The park regulars to a good job of making people feel welcome and policing the park. You'll see some poop, but not much, and neighborhood kids are quickly kicked out. Some kind soul brought a big bucket to use with the water tap (on the side of the people and dog water fountain), and people work together to keep the bucket full and clean so that dogs can drink without waiting for a person to push the button.Big and small dogs aren't separated here, but I haven't seen any issues for this reason. People do a great job of keeping an eye on their dogs and making sure that squabbles don't turn into fights.Closed on Mondays.
3	This is a small, flat park with a few trees and benches surrounding the perimeter. The times I have come here other dog owners have been respectful and the dogs have all been friendly and playful. I didn't see too much poop here. The dog area is between a residential neighborhood with street parking and a park next to what looks like an old, boarded-up school. Although the dog area is small, it is enough room for a short visit to get your dog some much-needed off-leash exercise! There is grass, some green and some dried up, and some dirt patches, and a few trash cans around for all you *responsible* people to dispose of your pet's droppings.
4	This is a great dog park! Its down University from my house, always parking in front, and is the perfect size for my doggy. Its closed in and all the dogs get to play with eachother. I love the tables and benches they have because I can bring my textbooks and read for an hour while Ari gets all his energy out. p.s. watch out for these 3 creepy guys with a white pitbull named Whitey. They are always drunk or high and try to hit on me constantly!! Stay away from them!Besides them this park is full of nice peopleBut it sucks its closed on Mondays!
4	I love mitchell dog park!its probably the biggest in the area, and it's usually full of nice owners and good dogs that range in temperment from happy go lucky to slothful to mildy aggressivebut i have never seen a full out dog fight here so thats good, most owners will jump to it the minute their dog starts getting rowdy and apologize frantically.I have to voice some of my qualms though just to explain why i am not giving this lovely park a 5 star rating:this goes out to all the "dog freaks" out there. I myself am a dog person, i love dogs! i understand the way they act and think. they want to play and sniff and hump, they need to nip and jump and get a little rowdy. its their language. a dog needs to assert the pack order, regardless of where they are at. sadly some dog owners treat their pooches like their children, and thats where all the problems come in, enter the "dog freaks"now there is one lady in particular who really, really, gets my goat. She has a great dane the size of a small pony, and this dog towers over my 70lb airedale, a big boy in his own right. Well my goof ball dog and i had the bad luck of running into great dane lady several times. Seems like she was always there for a little while.In our first encounter she was highly neurotic wandering around fussing over this highstrung mini pinscher whom, she had assumed been abandoned by its owner (who was sitting quietly in the far corner) she kept walking around with it in her arms saying "whose mini peen sherr is this?? whose mini peen sherr is this!? well i guess you've got a new friend girl (said to her horse dog)"finally the owner comes over calls his dogs, the mini pinscher leaps out of her arms and scurries to his master they leave.Now my dog is def an alpha male, and likes everyone to know it. whenever a new dog comes in he barrels over to the entrance overexcitedly in a desperate effort to get the first sniff. Well enter Great Dane Lady again, she takes the liberty to grab my dogs collar every time he tries to run to the gate and says in an annoyed raised voice "IS THIS YOUR DOG!!?? IS HE FIXEDDD???""yes" i reply "could you please let go of him?" "FINE! BUT YOU SHOULD THINK ABOUT OBEDIENCE SCHOOL!" wow umm fuck you? who the hell is she to tell me how to raise my dog?Another instance my ex girl friend was walking my dog to mitchell while i was at work and the minute she stepped inside, Great Dane Lady looks at her and my dog in contempt and says "WE'RE LEAVING BECAUSE OF YOUR DOG!" what a bitch!okay now that im done with my tangent; mitchell is a great park, just beware of the "dog freaks" who will try to make you feel like crap if you have a hyper dog.p.s. whitey and his owner are usually drunk/high but they're nice enough, i actually shared a mickey's out of a styrofoam cup with Whiteys owner, he's harmless.
4	It's a wonderful dog park, really. But at night, half of it gets REALLY dark and you can't see what you're stepping in....(+)I love all the tables and benches, and a decent amount of grass for a busy bark park. Most of the dogs are angels, and their owners too.  And the fact that the trash cans have lids. Two thumbs up for that one. (-)There aren't enough random tennis balls, and there's kind of a lot of poop on the ground. Overall-- 4 stars!!
3	My dog loves coming to this park. It's large enough for a full yard of dogs. The park has a water fountain and doggie bags. It's closed on Mondays- not sure why, but I went on Mondays enough times to learn better. Sometimes there are bad mosquitoes. I left early because I was being eaten alive once or twice, so bug spray is useful to have.
4	I've been coming to this dogpark for about 9 years and here is what you can expect: Nice people who care a great deal about their dogs and expect other people to be responsible enough to prevent any fighting, not just break up fights that "just happen" because dogs will be dogs.  The "pack" mentality works well when there is only one alpha present, but this is often not the case.  Multiple alphas come to this park, so the owners are expected to monitor his/her own dogs at all times so that the owners play the alpha role, and then the dogs can enjoy the park without trying to figure out the order of things.  There are some neurotic people who come here, and they often get along better with animals than they do people, but at least they are responsible for their pet(s).  As long as all visitors to this dogpark do their fair share of monitoring and picking up the poop, then the atmosphere here is cool and calm.  When owners come here and don't watch what is going on, then we tend to have fights.  This is not a place to let your dog run wild just because it can be off leash.  People here will let you know if you need to watch your dog more, but if it gets to that point then you've probably got some training to do.  Who are we to tell you how to raise your dog?  We're the ones who love our dogs, have seen dog fights get serious and irresponsible owners not do a damn thing to pay for the aftermath.  Who are you to question our request that you be a responsible owner?  Probably someone who is only thinking about your dog's rights and is ignorant of the fact that we are all sharing the same space.  We all have the right to expect that our dogs can enjoy the park, and so we expect that everyone will watch out for everyone, not just our own.  If you want to drink, go to a bar.  If you want to read a book, go to a library or stay home.  If you want to enjoy a dogpark, come to this one and watch your dog.
3	Decent size park with lots of grass and benches lining the walls.  When we went here it was very muddy though in certain places, so if you have a dog that likes to roll around in the mud, beware!  There is one large fountain with water available at human and dog level.  The grounds themselves are a bit smelly; throughout most of the dog park I could smell dog poop.  There are various stations filled with bags for you to use though.  My dog had a pretty good time running around, sniffing things, and wandering around.  For the most part this park is secure, but at the entrance there is a wider opening at the door that very small dogs could slip through.  For now it's been blocked by a large jug of water.
4	This is a decent size dog park for the amount of 4 legged guests that come. Double gated at the entrance which is something I always love to see at a dog park for safety. One negative about this park is the mud. There is one particular section next to a nice tree that is just continually one big mud puddle. Would be nice to see them block this area off for a week and plant some grass. 1 muddy dog could mean trouble for the rest of the dogs. There are various benches and tables scattered around, poop bags are readily available from dispensers and tons of tennis balls laying around for you to toss around.As far as the 2 legged guests I can say I've had positive experiences with every dog owner I've encountered. Some are more social then others. My dog is very high energy and loves to play fight and chase with other dogs. Never had an over protective owner say anything. I'd recommend going to this park if you are in the area. Just keep them away from the mud.
5	Peeve loves this place!
1	Super disappointed in the HUMANS at this dog park. I have NEVER seen a filthier dog park. I am upset because this place was cute, close by, the people were friendly. But I just cannot go back. Literally every 5 feet was a pile of dog poop. I dont understand how this happens considering there are bags and scoopers PROVIDED FOR FREE! Actually I do know how it happens, the owners are busy talking to each other, or texting or reading or on their lap top instead of watching their dog! Sad.
4	Pretty standard dog park here.  Benches, trees, grass and open space for the dogs to run. I usually come here on sundays and there's always plenty of dogs for remy to frolic with. In all my experiences the other dog owners have been responsible and courteous and there hasn't been an excessive amount of dog poop so I have no complaints.Mitchell Dog park gives my dog the much needed opportunity to interact with other dogs and I will continue to comeback and take advantage of this free community asset provided by the city of Tempe.
5	Great park for dogs and people. I love the pond and great green space. The dogs can go into the safe fenced in area and run and play with other gods. All have been friendly.
4	Pretty solid dog park. Nothing special, but definitely worth a visit if you live in the Tempe area. The park is located in a cute neighborhood and is surrounded by soccer fields, basketball courts, and a playground. The fenced in area isn't huge but it's plenty big to accommodate all the dogs that come here. Every time I come here.. Weekday or weekend, morning, mid-day, or evening there are a decent amount of dogs playing around. All the dogs and people I've come across have been friendly. Only complaints is the poop scattered around the park (not the park's fault, but still unappealing) & the overflowing, foul-smelling trashcans. I recommend the park to anyone with an active, friendly dog in need of some socialization and exercise.
4	My dog absolutely loves coming to this dog park. Unfortunately because of the hot weather we have not been able to go and I have also noticed since we stopped going my dog tick problem has diminished. They need to start spraying the area for fleas and ticks.
4	This is one of the best dog parks in the Phoenix area. We have two big dogs and one of them is now officially a cranky old man who gets snippy when dogs try to hump him so we like to be able to keep a close eye on him; the Mitchell dog park is small enough that your dog is never out of sight and any skirmishes are easy to reach within seconds. That being said, this park seems to attract good people and we rarely have any issues.Sure, there's the dude who used to drop his badly behaved pit bull puppy and his vapid girlfriend who didn't notice the puppy starting fights while he went off and played basketball, there's always those idiots who bring their dogs in on leashes and won't let them off and sometimes there's little kids running around while their parents ignore them and their dogs in favor of their phones--but there's a regular crowd of friendly people who will speak up if something isn't right which makes this a top pick to end our daily walks. The same regulars are often picking up the poop that other owners missed, which makes this a relatively clean park. Note: there is a small number of guys who think their dogs aren't doing anything wrong when they're trying to hump every dog in sight and shrug it off when it turns into a fight. It happens at least once a week that a pack of dogs turns into a snarling mess because of these guys. If you're one of the dudes who is reading this...please, stay away from this dog park and stop acting like your dog is an extension of your masculinity. The other downside is that the drain by the watering fountain sometimes gets stopped up and our dog loves to lay in the resulting pool and has gotten a few staph infections on his tummy last year as a result. It's gross, but once we figured out what was happening we now give him a rinse when we get home and he's been fine.
1	Ticks! Ticks! Ticks! The park was closed 1 Month last month for "turf maintenance." My dogs got ticks right before it closed.  It re opened and I now AM battling tick infestation. Per other reviews note below: be mindful! I will not be taking my dogs back for a long time. BEWARE!
5	Dog parks are really about the dog aren't they? So I'm gonna hand this one over to Brutus. o0-wijwplw nxv wkwklnb  ms,.2.,ujkNow that we've established my dog is absolutely adorable when typing on a computer I'll go ahead and translate that. He basically said, I love the dog park -I love going outside and playing with other dogs - exercise is good for dogs - I love running -my owner is awesome for taking me to the dog park- I love dog parks.
