4	Cupcakes shops now are a dime a dozen, and for someone like myself who has a cupcake tattoo, i take them very seriously.  Uptown Waterloo has sabletine patisserie, but they do not bake cupcakes, frankly the only other competition that Honey has is Kitchener's CakeBox.  However it doesn't matter if these bakeries were side by side, i would choose Honey Bake everytime.  Walking into the space, it is large and inviting.  I love the white walls, that display really fun and colourful art for sale by local artists.  The cupcakes are $2.50 and the selection is insane.  Personally i prefer cupcakes with a Swiss buttercream which they make, and they also have frosting as well.   We started with the raspberry champagne cupcake which was a vanilla cupcake filled with raspberry preserve, and frosted with champagne buttercream.  The cake was moist and the vanilla flavour was prominent.  I love the raspberry preserve that they were filled with, it was a super concentrated raspberry flavour.  The buttercream atop was piped beautifully, the texture was super smooth, my only complaint was that i didn't taste the champagne.  Overall, Honey Bake Shop has just opened and i am already excited at what they are pumping out.  I cannot wait to come back and watch them grow.
4	Looking for cupcakes in Waterloo?  You've found the place!We love Tiny Cakes in Cambridge, but it is a long drive for us from Kitchener.  We're happy to see Honey Bake Shop now in Waterloo.  The cupcakes are very tasty, but a little smaller than we are used to...The bakery is great and we're sure to be back when our next cupcake craving strikes!
5	I am in love with Honey Bake Shop!INTERIOR: The layout's great, super clean and spacious.QUALITY: They have about 23 different cupcake flavours which is insane. I ordered a red velvet and salted caramel cupcake and they were simply delicious. Red velvet is definitely my favourite (: Both were moist and although they may be average-sized to what you could find in grocery stores, they are absolutely worth every penny you're paying for.I've also placed an order for a cake to be custom-made and I believe the price is reasonable. Serves 5 people and it'll be costing me $35.Definitely recommend this place!
4	Cute little bakery. I love the artisan ice creams and also the banana bread. Their cupcakes are pretty good too. Nice spot for something sweet, with a cozy atmosphere and efficient service.
5	This is what Waterloo has been missing - a cozy, local bakery with delicious goods and an adorable space. People ask why I like Guelph better for downtown vibes and its all has to do with the great local businesses that are clustered together. I think Waterloo has tons of potential for that same vibe, just needs a few more Honey Bake Shops.Ironically my first visit I didn't end up getting any baked goods (yes that's a shock) but I did get their delicious BLT sandwich and an earl grey cream tea. Mmm just what I needed for a little study/work session. I love the space, its got that rustic charm but still elegant. Perfect place for studying alone or hanging out with some friends in Uptown.I must come back for one of those burnt sugar lemon bars... drool they looked amazing. Do bring cash - even though they accept debit, cash is appreciated :) PS: Whoever did the branding/design is amazing! Love love the colors, fonts, and patterns... I'm pretty sure that's part of what made me wanna come in.
4	We ordered a lemon cake, extra tart with lovely elegant white icing -- and got just what we ordered. A lovely texture and incredible flavor. My father said he could eat it all night.
