5	Mike"s auto body is fantastic. Not only do the do great work, but the experience is great to. The shop is clean and comfortable. They have a contests with enterprise so you can pick up and drop off a rental there. They even give you a can of glass cleaner and snacks when you pick up your car. They have fantastic customer service.
4	Blown away at how Mike's turned an awful situation into a very unexpectedly pleasant experience!  Let's face it - everyone hates taking their car to the shop.  ESPECIALLY when the reason you have to is bc you were in an accident on the return trip from the airport after your amazing Vegas Vacation (no injuries or serious damage to either involved party, thankfully).The customer service is stellar.  The staff at Mike's genuinely love their jobs and it's evident pleasing their customers is priority one.  I have to echo my fellow Yelpers, as my car left Mike's in better shape than before the accident. When I drove my freshly cleaned and waxed hatchback back (hatchback back-lol) to Bloomfield, I swear I could feel how happy Baby Bluey was and all was forgiven with the fender-bender.Did I mention they left a gift bag full of goodies on the passenger seat, all pink-themed?  My only small complaint is my car wasn't ready when originally told, but is it ever? I'll def be back to Mike's!
5	I had to choose from a list of insurance-approved body shops to get my car repaired after an accident. Mike's Auto Body was nearby and more highly rated than other convenient options. They did not disappoint. The turnaround time was quick (less than 3 days) and they did a great job! My car looks as though the accident never happened and I am quite pleased with the work. They had to fix a large dent and some scraped paint.The neighborhood the shop is located in is not great (some interesting "characters" soliciting in the intersection nearby), but the shop itself is clean and comfortable. I did not feel unsafe going to and from the shop in daylight.The customer service was excellent, as well. Everyone I interacted with was professional and courteous. I was continually updated with progress on my repairs and they were actually finished a day earlier than expected. I hope I don't need to go back to Mike's for repairs, but I would definitely choose them again in the event of an accident!
5	The people that work here make an unfortunate incident a breeze to work through.  I woke up one morning to find a note attached to my windshield to inform me that I was the victim of a hit and run.  The damage was minimal, but after calling it into my insurance company, they directed me to come here.Within minutes of me hanging up my phone with the insurance company my phone was ringing to indicate that Mikes was calling to set up an appointment to get my car in for an estimate.  I set up an appointment that was convenient for me and went about my day.When I arrived here to have my car viewed it was quite the easy task.  My wait was minimal, the staff were polite and I wasn't being jerked around.  Within five minutes of them looking at my car, I was out the door and heading back to my place.  Unfortunately, they did not do any work to my vehicle at this point because the police are still looking into the person that hit my car.  But if we get to that step, I am confident that they could not do anything wrong in my eyes.  If their body work for a vehicle is anything like their customer service, they are definitely one of the best places to go in the city.Yes people, this isn't the best neighborhood in the city, but get over it.
5	Mike's doesn't really need another stellar review on here, but I'll give them another one anyway.I'm a choir director at a church, and after rehearsal a few weeks ago, one of my choir members ran into my car in the parking lot and crunched the rear bumper. Bummer...I had never had to file an insurance claim before, and wasn't really sure what to expect. Dealing with Mike's was about as easy as it gets. I called to set up an appointment for the estimate and drove down a few days later. I was only there about 10-15 minutes and got sent on my way.A few days after that (Monday), I took my car in for the repair. It did take a couple days longer than they said, which is really the only negative thing I can say about Mike's, but considering I didn't have to pay for the rental car, it wasn't a huge deal. When I did get my car back (Thursday), like others have said, it was in even better condition than when I took it in (besides the dent, of course)! They had cleaned/waxed the outside, and even cleaned and detailed the inside! If they just did detailing, I would take my Impreza there every time! Mike's rules!
5	Mikes took my car after horrible repairs/service from Kenny Ross South.  The service was great and I even got to meet the owner who came out to personally speak with me on a busy Friday afternoon.  Great guys there.
2	I took my car to Mike's auto body as it's recommended by Geico and is part of their easy claims and repair process.  This was a big mistake.  Like many of the reviewers here, I was initially told it would take a certain amount of time, and then, at the last minute, on the day I was supposed to get my car back, they told me it would be a few more days.  Their excuse?  The headlamp that came in didn't have a bulb with it.  Seriously?  Since this was the Geico rep telling me this I couldn't really argue, but I don't know why Geico keeps working with a business that repeatedly does this to its customers.I got the car back in great condition, cleaned on the outside, and the console wiped down inside.  All in all, just alright - go here if you're not pressed for time and you've got Geico, otherwise shop around.
5	I had a great experience taking my vehicle to Mike's for repair after a fender bender. I used the Geico express service - I booked the estimate and repair online for the next day. When I dropped off my car, they were expecting me, it took less than 30 minutes and every single person I encountered at the shop was helpful and friendly and showed concern for me. The damage was minor, and the repairs took less than 48 hours to complete. My policy provides a rental car, and Enterprise was there when I checked in with my vehicle and the rental process was streamlined and easy. When I picked up my repaired car, it was just as efficient and friendly. Getting into an accident is frustrating and inconvenient and costly but Mike's Auto Body made the process of fixing things and getting me back on the road into a good experience. I wish more businesses treated their customers like Mike's treated me.
5	Mikes did an awesome job on my SRX after I dented it backing into my garage. The insurance claim  adjuster was on site as well as one of Mikes professionals to meet me when I brought the car in.  They reviewed the damage , gave me a solid estimate and took the car right then. They kept me informed of the progress of the repair. The car looks amazing and they even left a gift bag in the car with a variety of  car care products and other good things as a thank you . the repair took a little longer than originally estimated but the quality of workmanship was well worth the wait. Thank you Mikes!
