1	Attended a concert at GCU Arena in Dec 2011.  Terrible parking access - getting in was no problem, but getting out was an absolute mess.  Not nearly enough exits to empty the lot in a reasonable amount of time, nobody directing traffic either on campus or to exit onto the street.  Very annoying and dangerous.  Terrible seating - the seats are TINY TINY TINY.  I'm a little taller than average and couldn't fit in the seat with people seated around me - had to go find an empty seat near the back without anyone in the surrounding seats.  Once was enough, I won't be going back.
2	The facilities, sound, and seating all seemed okay.  We had floor seating, which was specially arranged for the event we were attending - definitely pushed way too close together for comfort, though.There was a cash bar, but no ATM - the single ATM they had on site was broken.  Why not two, guys?  You need a backup plan!The worst part was the parking.  I wanted to give them the benefit of the doubt - hey it's a new facility, they are figuring that part out...  But coming here I am proven otherwise with reviews dating back to a year ago complaining about poor traffic management coming out of their garage.  We were on the third floor of the garage and it took us nearly an hour to get out onto Camelback.  They need to hire more police for big events to keep the flow steady.
4	Over the past few years GCU has spared no expense in its effort to almost completely overhaul the entire campus and the new arena is one of the nicest new additions. Having watched a volleyball tournament once in GCU's old gym, I was extremely impressed when I recently attended a college basketball game here. This is a great arena to see a sporting event or a concert. It's small enough that every seat has great views and there are even luxury boxes for those who want that sort of thing.My only complaint, and the reason for the loss of one star, is that the public address system was hard to understand and considering all the money they put into the building, I was surprised by this.In general though, I was extremely impressed by this new addition to the Valley scene. It's another great facility for events.
4	A friend invited me to a concert at GCU tonight.  It was my first time on campus and to the arena and was quite impressed. I knew GCU was a Christian college so wasn't expecting (or wanting) Miley Cyrus, but didn't know what it would be.  Turned out to be pleasant 3 Christian rock acts, at least 2 out of 3 from Canada, all outfitted in the apparent current at-least-better-than-saggers vogue of skinny jeans.  All respectable singers and musicians, headliner "the City Harmonic" was clearly known to the crowd  and put on an impressive, well-crafted, message-oriented sound, light, and video performance which the clean-cut crowd of several hundred mostly GCU students clearly enjoyed and go into.  Even my aged, stolid, Presbyterian-by-ancestry-if-not-faithful-attendance self found City Harmonic quite impressive and enjoyable, but meanwhile, back to the arena.   Curtained off to 1/3 its full size for the modest week-night crowd, seating was comfortable for my 190 lb self, though leg space was limited, and patrons pretty much have to stand to allow anyone to pass.  I'd say the arena is no more than 25 rows deep, and so though seated at the next to the last row, our seats offered a great view and were not at all far from the stage, certainly closer than balcony seats at the Comerica (formerly Dodge) Theater downtown. There's a lot of polished concrete and glass in this modern, attractive 2-story facility, but concrete coupled with a fair amount of gray wall gives a slightly barren, industrial look down the side corridors.  It is however still a very new facility, and I'm sure the walls will be filled with color and art and photos in time, which will liven up the joint a bit. I didn't explore the first floor but noted it hosts the "team" shop, which sells GCU Antelope (Antelope?) shirts and the like, the ticket windows, and more.  Concrete steps and gleaming stainless escalators run from the main lobby/ concourse on the first floor to and from the second level, along with several elevators in less obvious view. The entire facility is commendably clean, even including the well-appointed, graffiti-free men's restrooms - except for the wet toilet seat left behind by the young man who exited the stall before me.  Really now, WWJD?  He'd raise the lid. Of the parking facility, a clean, well-lit, multi-story garage, with un-cramped spaces, on this night there was but a small crowd from off-campus for the concern, and getting out of the garage was no problem at all. The campus is neat and attractive and a great addition to an otherwise "modest" section of West Camelback. I look forward to going back again, perhaps to see former Suns' star Thunder Dan Majerely (pronounce it like Bob "Marley") coaching the impressive GCU basketball team.
1	Tried to attend a recent basketball game. Purchased General Admission tickets several weeks before the event for two elderly grandparents, two parents and two kids. Arrived 45 min early. Parking was a nightmare. Took 25 min to get from campus entrance to arena entrance. After getting to second floor of arena to access General Admission seating found all seats occupied and no standing room left! Clearly arean had been over sold by 500 to 1000 seats. Not only didn't we get to see the game people were crammed in the aisles and all around the back. Phoenix Fire Dept should have shut them down! Worse experience in many years. Guess the almighty dollar is more important than fair value for money rendered!
4	Never had been here before, but i managed to outsmart most of the idiots trying to park for the game right away. Everybody was heading into the garage from hell, but i doubled around the block and parked in the shopping center where sports o'plenty were available and easy to get out as well. Tickets for the game were 5 bucks, which is a bargain for D1 hoops and the arena is small, but was packed and loud mostly because of the students. Poor signage though inside as the $5 people did not know where to sit (behind basket), but ended up in better seats where the season ticket people are supposed to sit. Only 5000 seats in the place, so good views and a nice video board,  but they don't show replays. Kind of a shady part of town, so lock em up.
5	It's a big venue.  Seats about 5-7 thousand I'm guessing.  There are some lounge n food areas.  It's beautiful...  They have great, big named Christian artist concerts.  Their sports are great games n monsoon/havoc section are a huuuuuge support! :)
5	I recommend buying basketball tickets in advance because they sometimes oversell games, leaving you to deal with finding standing room without getting in trouble for blocking walkways.
4	Attended my first GCU basketball game on 1/4/15 at the arena and had a great time. The game was great, the entertainment was solid, the food was ok and the price was right. A very well put on event. The arena, itself, was very cool for a college game... very intimate.
