4	Clean, friendly, professional, great service, no appointment necessary, and little to no waiting, now that's a great pedicure!
2	I'm new to Phoenix and will not feel settled until I've found my go to cheap manicure/pedicure place.  Le Le was my first attempt and I would have been thrilled if this was it.  Unfortunately, no.I only got a pedicure and the service was quick, and the salon seemed clean and busy.  But the pedicurist accomplished almost nothing in terms of removing dried skin on my feet - maybe because I turned down the sea salt scrub for $5?  (Is it weird that I've never heard of that before?)  More disturbingly, the pedicure looked fine day of, but the next day I had major chips on two of toenails.  Not good. My search continues.
5	Aways quick, techs are eager to please, very reasonable, I have been a customer for quite a while, however I only get manicures.
4	I've been here about once a month for 4 years and have never had a bad pedicure. The staff can be a little pushy and the foot massages a little untrained but if all you want is a great paint job on your toes for under $20, this is your place.
4	This is the my go to neighborhood nail place.  They are very reasonable, and I almost never have to wait longer than 5 minutes.  I can drop in, or when I want gel nail manis I found my favorite girl who does an amazing job.  I never get anything but french, and I like the lines not to be too thick and bulky looking.  Amazing job every time, and a gel mani with french polish is only $30, no charge for taking off the previous one.  I usually can get away with every 3 weeks, because they suggested I use clear gel polish instead of pink so when your nail grows out from the cuticle you can't see it.  I just sent my mom over and she loves her gel manicure.
5	Finally! These past few months I have been going to a different nail salon every 2 weeks looking for the right atmosphere, quick and friendly service and most of all, acrylic nails that DON'T LIFT! I have found my new place and it is such a relief. My nails are over a week old and are still beautiful, which is a huge deal for me since every other place I've gone have given me sloppy, uneven nails that lift off in about a week.
4	I always get my acrylics done here! They're a little our of my way but so far the best place I've found in awhile. Tina does an excellent job of making them all even and thinner at my request. I can usually make it 3 weeks at most between fills. Great place!!! Definitely recommend and the prices are very reasonable.
2	Sorry but no. I really wanted to like this place from the good reviews and because it's a stone's throw from my place. But I won't be returning.Not sure if my experience was due to having the only male employee who rushed through my mani/pedi or if it's consistently like this. It was so busy on a Friday afternoon, I was sure people must be there for a reason. But my nails looked like absolute crap. The dude was very nice, but he painted all over my cuticles and the nail polish was probably 6 years old and chunky. That didn't seem to stop him as he globbered it all over my fingers.I literally went home, took all the polish off and repainted it myself. Thanks for the trim and the footsoak, but I'll take my business elsewhere.
2	I went strictly based on the referral of a friend. I figured her pedicure looked great, so why not?Alas, no.My nail technician (a man) went at a much faster pace than my friend (who was sitting next to me). Ironic as I had splurged for the salt scrub. My massage was a complete waste of time. I've swatted flies harder than he did on my legs. Five bucks on the scrub was roughly 60 seconds of application, smooshing around and then a quick rinse. The other odd thing he did was reshape my nails into round-ish shapes. I had come in with perfectly squared nails. Poof! Gone.When I arrived home I was dismayed to see how goopy my manicure actually was. In my opinion he used too much polish. Ugh. My manicure lasted exactly two days, at which point I removed what was left of the polish. If you go, stay away from the man technician.
1	After moving back to the area from Cali I needed somewhere  to get my acrylics done. I usually like to get some kind of design or unique tips. After walking in I saw some tips I liked so I decided to try out this place. The first visit was bad the nail tech would not listen to the length of nails I was requesting and did a terrible job at shaping them. I always give people more than one chance so I went back and this time I got a pedicure first then the nail tech left the salon and I sat near the dryer for 45  min before approaching the manager about the length of time I had been waiting for a fill. He replied unapologetically that the tech had to leave to pick up her son from school... I sat another 15 min before I was seen by someone else. They also did a poor job. I will not spend my money somewhere that they do not value their customers. Not to mention they did a crap job and were overpriced when it came to designs and tips with prints on them. Don't waste your time here.
5	This was my second time coming to Le Le's and I'll certainly be back for more. My nail technician, Tina, was wonderful too. Maybe it was because the place wasn't too busy but she took a lot of time on my nails, really making sure each one was finished to perfection.  It is usually pretty quiet inside, which I happen to love.  I prefer sitting and reading a magazine/relaxing rather than the common nail salon gossip/chatting.  I got a pedicure and acrylics with gel for only $48. Legit quality with a low price tag.
1	I've gone to this salon several times, but this last time was a real cluster*$%^. I went in for my usual mani-pedi. TWO women worked on my hands and feet at the same time!!!!!! I was uncomfortable stretching across the giant pedicure chair so that the lady on my left could paint my fingernails over the side of the arm rest. Based on my previous encounters at this salon, and the fact that the woman doing my manicure had done a great job many times before, I let the weird tag-team of my nails go on. I smiled and acted nice, but the nail polish was old, clumpy and had hair in it... Worst manicure of my life, and the pedicure wasn't much better. This happened on a rainy Friday afternoon a couple of weeks ago and I was one of four clients at the time. Basically, those ladies shared me like I was a sandwich, each getting a somewhat small tip instead of one of them receiving the usual 20%. Moral of this story is that I won't ever be going back and I will not recommend them to anyone!
5	I've gone here for years.  I think they're terrific and very inexpensive. I've never had a problem and am always pleased with mani/pedi I get.
1	stopped here because i was in the area. boy was that a big mistake. i too had the guy, who i wonder why they let him touch people. he is horrible and the way he did the polish what a joke. but the worst part was that after the pedicure from a cut that developed my foot got infected and couldnt work or barely walk for 4 days. never again will i go back there. (giving one star is being nice)
1	My mom and I had gone there before for a pedicure and they did a decent job so today we thought we would go back again for a pedicure, never again. My mom had a guy and I had some lady, when we went to put our feet in the water and  we both had to say our water was way too hot and they needed to cool it down. Neither of the people we had were very friendly, we barely go a hello out o feither them and never once got their names, the most they spoke to us was when they wanted to be paid and I'm pretty sure the lady doesn't speak much English.If you come in with a design idea, say from Pintrest, just forget asking them to do it. I showed the lady what design I wanted, it was something that I thought would be relatively simple, I just wanted the colors different from the photo, I had to explain exactly what I wanted, not a big deal but then she started doing it and it was already not looking right so I questioned it, and she seemed confused. The guy that was working on my moms toes had to tell her in another language what I wanted, she still fully didn't get it but she was trying. She was starting to finish up and asked me if I liked it, I did ask her to make one of the colors (the silver horizontal line going through all of my toes) more prominent, she did that, for the most part. Then she asked me if I liked it, it looked okay and she said she would fix it if I didn't like, I thought I could deal with it. Then I went to sit with my mom for our feet to dry and then we both got a closer look and they looked extremely sloppy. I probably could have done a better job. She asked if everything was okay and I told her they didn't look as good as I thought, the silver line I wanted was a big glob of glitter that was uneven. She said she would redo them, I ended up asking her to just do my toes one solid color. I told her at least three times which color I wanted and she picked up a different color and asked me if I wanted that one, the guy had to tell her which color I wanted. She kept apologizing to my mom and I. I went back to sit with my mom to dry my toes, no one ever said how long we needed to sit, or let us know when we could go they just walked off and left. I know they were busy but common courtesy goes along ways.I say they're fine if you want a basic pedicure with one color paint, if you want anything beyond that I would go elsewhere.
1	I have gotten my nails done here a few times. Medocre work. Last time I went there they quoted me ten dollars less then what I paid. I asked for for an extra gel coat for white color and the nail girl charged me for both a full acrylic amd a gel manicure after quoting me a different price. I just paid the bill and vowed to never be back. I had received a reference for another nail salon and when the nails started to come off prematurely I made an apmnt.  The technician advised that I requested they use the type of nails that were actuallybused. It turns out they used the wrong size bc they were to lazy to adjust the nails correctly.   Extremely disappointed. I WILL NEVER be back
5	I have been going here since they opened! Lynn is my favorite! She takes her time. This place gets very busy so I suggest making an appointment!
5	I love this spot! Lisa is is amazing and the girls are all so friendly! I always feel so relaxed when I leave.
5	This place is my spot. They do a great job on my french tip gel manicures and standard pedicures. I love all of the girls there and they all know me by now. I even took my wedding party here for our big day. They are very well priced and they keep the place very clean, go there any day the last hour they are open and you will see them scrubbing away. I don't see my loyalty straying from Le Le and would recommend it to friends. So many people compliment me on my nails!
