5	I love this place~! My "diet" english muffins are $3.69 in the real world.. but in the outlet they are only $1.99! I buy them and stick them in the freezer and they stay fresh. This place also has a vast variety of bread loaves, boboli pizza crusts, and the entemanns cakes that are a million calories with cream cheese in the middle. They have a punch card where you earn free stuff + if you spend $5 you get something free everytime. The staff is always cheerful and helpful. Don't waste your money on overpriced bread in this economy! Give these guys a shot... I guarantee you'll quit paying double for bread at Smiths/Vons.
4	Discount Bread!  WooHoo!Buy over a certain amount... I think it's $7 and you get a free item.  And they have a punch card ..... so after you fill a punch card... you get a free item. And on Sunday and Wednesdays... you get a double punch.I usually stock up and freeze half of what I get.  They have all the breads that I eat... the slim / flat sandwich breads, light english muffins, thin bagels, hi fiber wheat and rye.I think most of their prices are about 40-50% lower than regular retail.They also sell dry soup mixes, sweet rolls/cakes, Boboli pizza breads, crackers, cookies, pancake mix, oatmeal and all sorts of goodies.
5	This place has everything. . I came to this 24 hr fitness (nxt door) and stopped in so I could see what they had and found whole wheat english muffins. . yum. We finished those in less than a wk. We also got some of those sandwhich thins I'd been wanting to try w/ flax seed - yum yum yum. I went to that gym again today and I had to fight the urge to walk in again to buy more stuff b/c I have 2 loaves of "regular bread" I already bought that havent been opened yet. Must finish those first and I'm coming bk. You get a punch card to fill up. I know I had one when I lived in San Diego that I never used. but of course I lost that in the move. Dont lose your punch you get something free upon completion :)
4	Worth a stop in as they are about a 1.00 cheaper than even fresh and easy, they have lots of variety including some fresh stuff and they often send buy one get one free coupons in the mail which makes it a super deal!
5	This place is fantastic! You can buy bread & then some  Entemanns baked goods at really good prices. I purchased 2 bags of bagels - 2 / 3.00, 2 bags of whole wheat sandwich bread - .99 each, 1box of Boboli 3 pack pizza sauce, all for a little over 5.00! I did have a mailer coupon for buy 1 Orowheat product, get 1 free but the store has specials all the time. You may be able to find the same items at other grocery stores when on sale but these are the every day prices here. If you have larger families or just go through a lot of bread, it's definitely worth the drive to stop here.
5	I definitely save money on bread here.  I decided to stop by to buy bread since I had a buy one get one free coupon.There is a wall labeled fresh bread so I decided to pick up an oroweat all wheat loaf for $2.99 and used the free one on the oroweat cinnamon raisin bread.  I also picked up the oroweat wheat english muffins on the discounted wall, since the best by date was 2/27/12.  It was 2 for $3.There are other bread and pastries, as well as the pizza dough and tortillas.  You also get a punch card, where it gets punched for the amount of items you buy there each visit, and after $50 worth of carbs buying, the customer gets a free "Customer Choice" of Entenmann's, Oroweat, Thomas', or Tia Rosa item.For the entire month of March 2012 (one coupon per person, per day):1.) Buy one oroweat rye bread, get one oroweat rye bread free2.) Spend $9 and receive a free entemann's, oroweat or Thomas ProductAlso, the staff there are so friendly.  I will be coming back for more bread.
5	Super friendly staff, and great deals on all sorts of products!
3	Cool outlet. Need to have Boudin Sourdough Bowls. Reasonable Price on Bread and cookies
5	Good price, friendly people & great offers ;-)
3	Very low key kool area. A salon right across and beanch to sit on in front of the wondow. Overall it is like being in San Diego Ca.
5	This place is wonderful.  You can pick up bread, english muffins, bagels, pita bread, etc for very low prices.  We love going there and stocking up.  For every $7 you spend you get a free item.   The customer service is better at this location than the Charleston location.  My husband and I make the longer trip to this location because the staff are a lot friendlier by 100%.  They are the nicest people.
5	Love this store, go in every two weeks and stock up on bread etc.  Ladies are friendly and you can't beat their punch card system with double punches on Wed  and buy $10 and get a free item.  Great store!
5	I came across this place on yelp and wanted to check it out. We used to have some Hostess outlets in the NW part of town (since closed) that I liked and was hoping to find something similar to that in this place. I found much more than I expected! Walking in I was greeted by a friendly cashier who asked if I had been in before. When I told her I hadn't, she went over the different sections and said to ask if I had any questions. They mostly have Entenmann's, Oroweat, Thomas, Grandma Sycamore's and Sara Lee goods, but they also have other stuff like Bear Creek soup and Boboli pizza crusts. I got a loaf of Sun Maid cinnamon raisin bread for just $1.75 and Texas Toast for the same price. Bagels were $1.99 and I picked out some pizza crusts, english muffins and other pastries. The prices here are drastically lower compared to buying these items at the grocery store. Not even Walmart has a "rollback" like this! When I got to the register I was given a stamp card. You get a punch for every dollar you spend. Once the card is full you can get a free item by the brand listed on the card. For every $9 spent you also get to pick something free (changes everyday) from the premium section near the front door. I also received a $1 coupon to bring back towards my total purchase for a future visit and the cashier told me I can combine them! The $1 coupons can only be used during the month on them so make sure to pay attention to that. You get a $1 off coupon for every $8 you spend.The cashier said what is sold here isn't leftover stale stuff from the grocery stores like most people think. She says Bimbo is the largest bread supplier and the stuff sold here is leftovers, but fresh leftovers that grocery stores, etc. had no shelf room for. Nothing I purchased was past a "sell by" date and was soft and fresh. This bakery outlet isn't anywhere near where I live, but I work in the area once a week and will make a point to stop and load up on delicious savings.
5	This place is awesome. I figured I would see some discounted bread however they have a lot of discounted stuff here. I had to pace myself because it would have been easy to buy a bit of it all. A lady went over all the specials and let me know they have a card that keeps track of your purchases and earns you free stuff. They have a few different things going on and it was a bit confusing. I did leave with a few free items because of what I purchased so that was cool. It's kind of like a small market inside. You can get bread for sandwiches, breakfast, pizzas, and much more. They also have a variety of dessert cakes and snacks. If you have a big family it would be smart to come stock up here and freeze what you don't need right away. Nothing was expired and had freshness dates days out so don't even trip about that. I wish they would open a location in the NW part of town that would be great.
5	me and the hubby stopped by here just to check it out since we were new to the area. The breads and donuts we bought were fresh and soft. The customer service was great and the cashier even gave my daughter a free snack! I will be coming back for their soft and fresh bread. Prices are great too!
