4	As much as I hate to admit it, I'm about to be "that guy."  You know, the one who can catalog and recite exactly what he drank.  Rest assured, there is a purpose.I've only been to Blooze once.  A couple friends and I wanted to play some pool near my house.  This is where we ended up.  I purchased a pitcher and approximately five bottles of beer over the course of two hours.  My tab was $12.50.  Twelve dollars and fifty cents.  Five stars. Oh, minus one star for getting stared down by a few scary biker dudes.
3	[Scene] It's 5:45 PM on a Sunday. A man and woman are in North Phoenix meeting some friends at Sala Thai for dinner at 6:30. With so much time to spare, they decide to grab an alcoholic beverage. Thanks to Yelp on the man's Blackberry, they see that The Blooze is right down the street. They pull up into the shopping center shared by Big Lots and park in front of the bar. They open the door to find a dimly lit room with a bar to the left. There is only one open seat at the bar, so they decide to order a drink and then go sit at one of the high tables on the right. A man sitting to the right of the open seat turns toward them. As he opens his mouth to speak, the man and woman realize that he is missing all of his front teeth. Man with no teeth: Take my chair! I'll stand. I've been sitting for hours!Woman: Oh no, that's ok. We'll just get our drinks and then go sit over there (points to high tables). Man with no teeth: No, please. I insist. Take my chair. Sit at the bar. We're all friendly here. (He struggles to stand up and then kind of shoves the chair towards the man). I mean, unless of course you want to make out or something. Man: (Laughs). No, I think we'll be fine. (The bartender approaches). Bartender: What can I get you two? Woman: Two vodka sodas, please. (She and the man sit down in the two chairs). Woman (whispering in man's ear): We'll only be here for a minute, so you're ok with sitting here, right?Man: Yeah, yeah, it should be fine. Man with no teeth (extending hand for shake): Nice to meet you two. My name is Eddie Vedder. Woman: Really?Man with no teeth: Yeah, like the guy from Pearl Jam.Woman: I don't believe you. Can I see your ID?Man with no teeth: Yeah, I get this all the time. (Pulls ID from wallet). Here you go. Woman (turning to whisper in man's ear): Haha! It's spelled Eddie VeTTer. With two Ts not two Ds. (Hands ID back to man with no teeth). Great!Man with no teeth: Yeah, Eddie's my third cousin. My wife didn't believe it when she first met him at our family reunion. She was like you're related to Eddie Vedder the singer? Are you two married? I married my high school sweetheart, Christina. Do you have kids? Woman to man (whispering in ear): Oh. My. God. Woman to bartender: Can we get our check? Bartender (incredulously): Oh, you don't want another round? Woman (handing bartender debit card): No, thank you. We're just going down the street to meet some people for dinner. Bartender: Sorry, we actually have a $10 minimum to use a card, and your total so far is only $5.50. You might as well Woman: Wow, ok. I guess we'll have two more. Man with no teeth (who has been staring at bartender's cleavage this whole time): Haha, oops, sorry. I've been skiing the slopes for the last few minutes. (Woman squeezes man's hand as if to say OH. MY. GOD. WHAT ARE WE DOING HERE?)Man with no teeth: So, anyway, as I was saying, I married my high school sweetheart. We had kids right away. We've been married for 30 years. Except we're separated. We are apart except for the good stuff. He. He. That's right. I'm so glad to hear you don't have kids. It's important to grow the relationship first. (Woman keeps glancing around)Man with no teeth: If you want to make out, I can leave you alone. [15 minutes later](Man and woman are walking out to car. They turn to each other with looks of disbelief and speak at the same time). Man: OH. MY. GOD. Woman: OH. MY. GOD.
3	Five stars for the entertainment, 4 for the ambiance (it's a dive bar that just won't quit - from NASCAR posters on one wall, to the pin up poster above the urinal, to the cliche beer posters near the bar, this place does it up right!) and far fewer stars for the pricing, the staff, and the crowd.  Who knew Phoenix had so many ugly people?  I guess I don't get to Wal-Mart often enough to remember.  These are real folk, though.  Salt of the earth and all that.  The prices - I must relate this story.  I walked up to the bar, saw someone with a Corona bottle, and immediately thought "I'll do that."  The straight-up hot bartender handed me the beer and said "4.25."   Ok, WHAT.  I was flabbergasted.  Never in my life have I paid so much for Corona.  This is a major dive bar FAIL right here.  Later, once the Corona was empty, we talked my friend's (female ) co-worker to get us drinks, and the other (male) bartender made us stiff drinks for a claimed price of 3.25.  There we go, that's a whole lot more like it.  Later still, I realized I had walked right past the drink specials painted on a window by the front door.  Hah, oops.  Domestic only though, what's up with that??  Anyway decent cover band for 2 bucks to get in the door, fun crowd despite the low number of hot women, and a fairly cheap evening, once you figure out the drink specials.  This place is an experience.  Plus, it's like four miles from my house.  AWESOME.  I'm trying to imagine myself biking home from here.  Or better still, chaining my bike up by the front door next to all the choppers upon arrival.  HA.  I may never be back, but I'll remember this place for years.
4	This is a cool joint to kick off the evening at if you are looking for something laid back and low key and the place to be. I usually come down here to see local bands such as Souldriver, Headroom, Analbreath, and The Earps. Judging by some of the other reviews analbreath seems to be a permanent fixture here! What I like most about The Blooze besides the prices is that its not pretentious. The drinks have a bite to them which is nice especially at these prices. The beer line up is the usual domestics which I don't drink and the import variety could do with a boost. The service is quick and swift. The regular patrons come down here to ease the pain and that's obvious and that also lends the place its charm. This is a local bar that caters to rock bands and locals. The staff is friendly and the price is right. No more no less.
4	After an awesome evening at "The Blooze" two things have become self evident.  One: I need to get my tattoo.  Two: The Blooze has officially dethroned "The Bikini" as my favorite dive bar. We went to "The Blooze" last night to check out a couple of surf-rock bands, The Surfside IV and Secrete Samurai, from San Diego.  Now normally, The Blooze is a NASCAR haven.  NASCAR memorabilia adorns every surface but the floor in the place.   I was a little apprehensive of checking out this place, but there was no need to worry.  This place is great.  Plenty of seating throughout the bar, a dance floor, and they even had Guinness on tap which is always good.   While the bands were playing classic movies featuring Tony Randall and Jane Mansfield were playing on the many TV screens throughout the bar.  There are two pool tables that were occupied most of the evening.  Outside they had VIP parking for hotrods so it was like a mini car show and great music.  The best part about the night was the Surfside go-go dancers and their little "Devilette" horns. Very cute!All in all, I give "The Blooze" four out of 5 stars and look forward to the next Surf Rock band night.
5	I couldnt resist taking my top off after "The heat wave" bbq wings they served set my happy on fire. IT went so well downed with the wells with their cheap 25 cent tequila.I was hanging with Marco, Betty, Tiny, and Punta when they greased over my head there.  You can smoke indoors and always order the hogs-chop
4	If you're into dive bars, live rock music,  and cheap drinks this is definitely your place. The crowd may seem a lil rough around the edges, with your rockabilly & psychobilly people, mixed with some bikers but don't let it scare you away. The bartenders are awesome and know how to pour a stiff drink, and the patrons are pretty much friendly regulars. And for the kid at heart who likes games, they have pool tables and darts. Cheers!
5	I'm very new to PHX. I ended up talking to a cop at the airport who told me about Thursday Rockabilly nights at the Blooze. I had to check it out. My friend and I walked in and were instantly comfortable, excited, and impressed. The AC was pumping, beer was cold, the music; rockin, and the crowd; refreshing. The bathroom was great! They don't have food there but they will let you bring in whatever you want. We went there pretty early, around 7:30ish. Unfortunately, because of ridiculously early work on Fri AM, I had to leave once it was starting to get really packed and lively around 10:30/11. I am so glad that I finally checked the place out though. I will definitely frequent The Blooze as often as I can.
5	I love the Blooze! Thursday rockabilly nights are awesome! There's a great checkered dance floor to dance the night away! The owner is the nicest guy you will ever meet. There's hardly ever a cover and drinks are cheap! If you're looking for fun on a budget, this is the place!P.s. If you sit at one of the tables check out the awesome pictures on them! My favorite is the prohibition table.P.p.s. Girls... You have to look in the bathroom... There's pictures of hunky guys on the inside of the stalls... There's even pictures of Tumbleweed (the owner)!
4	The Blooze is a dive bar by categorization only. It is much too clean, organized, and well lit to actually meet dive bar standards. A classy dive bar, if you will. I went to see The Limit CLub play for Thursday Rockabilly Night, and the stage set up is fantastic! It has the whole lights/sound set up down perfectly. There are two 27 inch monitors mounted on either end of the stage so that people sitting in the back of the bar can see what's going on, and the checkerboard dance-floor is a nice touch! Drinks are cheap if you like domestic beer or well drinks. And the bathrooms are super clean if your bladder isn't up to binge drinking! The ladies room even has pictures of 1980s hotties plastered all over the inside of the stalls. Overall, this is a great little bar to see a local band and have a cheap drink. Just beware of the scary bikers that seem to perpetually hang out in front of places like this!
5	HELL YEAH......The Blooze freekin rules for live music and cheap drinks.  Owner is on top of the music scene, so there's always quality music playing every night.
3	Great place to get fairly priced drinks and hear some good music!  Will be back again and again - and thanks for having a hot dog cart outside on weekends!!!
4	My husband came with me to do laundry once.  The laundromat is in the same area and of course while I was doing that, he hung out at The Blooze.  I would go over in between loads.  There was only one person working in the front of house.  She was really nice.  She didn't lose her cool at all when more people started coming in.  She handled it well.  Especially when a regular at the bar was giving her a hard time.  She just went with the flow and eventually he left.  They have 2 pool tables, darts and a stage for a band on the weekends.  If you are already there when the band is setting up, you just get a stamp and don't have to pay cover, which is awesome.  We ended up leaving before the band came on, but we plan on going back soon.  It is a little bit of a dive, but everyone there was friendly.  And they don't serve food, so eat before hand, but the drinks are cheap.
3	I just wanted to add an update for sound quality for the bands... sometimes it's really bad and sometimes it can't be beat....  Again, the friendliness and service are always right on- great atmosphere.
4	One word. Three letters: FUN!Great local spot for live music that has you dancing in your seat... or go ahead and shoot some pool! Cheap drink prices.
4	My husband I went there last night, with some out of town guests.  What a great time we had!  Drinks were very good priced and a live band, no cover charge, and what a Great time we had.  We will be going back here again, we loved it.
2	I might have gone on a bad night, as it was Heavy metal night. The Blooze was very scary to me. It was a total biker bar to me. Everyone in black, smoking, tatooes and piercings everywhere. I was literally scared to go in. The rest of my group finally showed up and went in. It's a small bar with no table serve for drinks. I don't believe they had any food. If you like the biker atmosphere this is a place for you.
5	Love this place. The staff are always friendly. Love the live music. The people are always kicked back. It's a place I love to go and really relax ;)
4	Totally fun place. Went with a meet up group. The crowd was easy going and obviously lots of local regulars.
4	Went to watch a buddy play one night. I couldn't believe how clean the bathroom was. The place is set up pretty cool with a square bar in front of the stage with plenty of seating and a little dancing room in between. Cool little music venue.
4	This is a great local neighborhood bar. Depending on the night you never know what kind of crowd you're going to get. Sometimes it's biker night other times it appears to be redneck rebel night and still others you have swing dancing so you see all your rockabilly kids-- lots of big hair and bigger skirts. No matter what the crowd everyone here is always friendly. There's no reason to be intimidated by people's looks. The beer selection is outstanding! It is not what you would expect from a local 'dive bar'. Prices are pretty good on their import beer which I like and appreciate. The bathroom is always sparkling clean which you can rarely say about any bar. Staff is super friendly and helpful but you gotta go to the bar to get your drinks which I'm okay with. My only serious issue with this place is the sound system. Been to a bunch of shows and sometimes the sound is good, sometimes it sounds bad. Not sure if it's the soundboard or the operator that's to blame for this but you can definitely tell sound quality difference between shows.
2	Saturday night. Looking forward to this show and we got here before 8pm. Show started near 930. So freaking crowded you can't see the band.  Its so loud you cant hear the band.  Fire Marshall bill would close the place. So over capacity you can't move. Let alone get to the bathroom. All about greed. Need to stop ticket sales while there is still room to move.
5	This place is so fun. Go when Lit Up is playing. Awesome 80's cover band and they draw a huge, interesting crowd. Cheap drinks and fun for all. Grab a shot and relax to some of the best bands in Arizona. Staff is attentive and fun. Give this place a try!
3	I am not a regular visitor of bars.  Though I do like live music.  The night we went (thursday) was rockabilly night.  The band Whiskey Kiss was rather good and made for a fun evening.We felt welcome in the bar, though it was obvious we were not regulars, our dress was a bit different. The bartender was very friendly and we never felt ill at ease.Nothing overly impressed us and nothing scared us away.  Just a nice local place to hear some music.  Prices seemed very reasonable.
5	This is the perfect neighborhood bar. I've been here almost every day of the week, and there is always something going on. Between the multiple TVs and the huge projection screen for sports events, to dance lessons, and plenty of live music all week you can get your fill in more ways than one at this bar. They get nationally and world famous touring bands, and of course our favorite local bands to play, always keeping it entertaining. Every Thursday night is rockabilly night, if you've never been for this music it's a true treat with pinups, greasers, cars, motorcycles, swing dancers, and of course an amazing band to tap your feet to, all with no cover! This is the highlight of my week, but they also offer a wide variety of different musicians from rock, to metal, country, blues, and some great cover bands as well!The bartenders are hard to ignore here. They will pour your drink strong and fast, with fire and grace. They also have one of the best bar backs I've ever seen. If something breaks he's there in a split second, and watch out for him carrying around about 15 glasses stacked at a time. It's always clean, even the restrooms! Which says A LOT about this "dive" bar.If you're in the area don't skip out on going to The Blooze. There's sure to be something going on, and hey, if all is quiet, just have some drinks and play some pool or darts.
3	This is the definition of Dive Bar.  Small selection of very common beers, no food except when the hot dog truck is outside.  I come to see Rocket88 on Sundays, not for the venue.  Good Blues music Sunday nights.The AC is very good and parking is easy.  Not the nicest part of town I have been too, yet it feels very safe.
5	Great neighborhood dive bar. Live music everynight. Thursdays are Rockabilly. Usually very good bands and great dancers. The owner, Tumbleweed is a very cool guy - all of the bands love him and all the help he gives the bands. The bar staff is fun and efficient.
1	This bar is white trash. They over charged us but we tipped them$5 anyway just to take the high road. Then the weird looking bartender with the shaved head, Jen and the crazy looking one with fake...everything, suzi started yelling that we didn't tip the enough. They even had their ugly little mountain man posse follow us out to our car. My husband warned the guys to leave and told them if they tried to attack us he would defend us ...and that he did! A bunch of weirdos and complete morons.
5	Great place to swing dance (on certain nights)
1	The only thing good about the open jam tonight was the bartender hot hot hot!!! Will not be going back!
