2	maybe i'm being too harsh, but i barely got a greeting here. the staffer was too busy talking to a friend who had stopped by about her childcare plans for the week. as the staffer weighed my package and completed the shipping information she continued to engage her friend in conversation and ignore me. only when it was time to ask how quickly i wanted the package to arrive did she talk to me. i guess if my package arrives at the destination they've done their job, but i don't think they did it very well. i'll find another shipper next time i need to mail something.
1	This UPS store is beyond ridiculous.  I sent a package on October 18th to my parents.  It arrived smashed into pieces.  I filed a claim two weeks later and the woman behind the counter said they would handle everything.  UPS insures all packages up to $100.  I've followed up on the phone three times and personally gone into the store three more.  The second to last time I went in - I waited for 20 minutes while the one worker tried to figure out what she was doing with another customer.  Then another girl appeared - went and rifled through some files and said, "Yep it's here, we're just waiting on UPS to get back to us.  Fast forward 4 more weeks I went in again and the girl behind the counter couldn't even find a record of the shipment.  Luckily, I saved the shipping receipt.  I find it hard to believe that a company as large as UPS should take 4 months to review a small claim.  The biggest part of this ordeal is this particular UPS store. They don't appear to have much knowledge beyond selling stamps.
1	Ups is horrible! I could write a novel on it. Seriously look at their facebook fan page. It is depressing!
5	I've had a po box here since August 2011, the owner has always been super friendly, always pulls my packages before I even get to my box! Great service!
1	Yes, this store is horrible.  I rather stand in line at the post office.  This place is family owned and operated, in which the family members are normally working.  They actually stop me from asking a question so that they could talk to each other to figure out what to get o eat and drink.  Poor customer service, unprofessional, lack of boxes for shipping, and lack in integrity.
5	I use this UPS store as a mailing hub for my small business. I have NEVER had any problems with packages coming in or going out and I have sent out hundreds of packages in the past 3 years I have had a box with them.  They are always friendly and greet me by name. I feel like I live in a small town again and not just another ant in the sea of people in the valley.
2	There are way too many Post Office/UPS Store/Fed Ex/Mail places out there to even bother with this one anymore. It's super convenient to my house, but I will just go somewhere else. I have been twice. Both times different people have helped me. The first time, the gentleman was just plain rude. The second time, the lady (his daughter?) was just plain rude and he was standing there talking to her the whole time. They don't bother to help you with shipping between USPS and UPS, something other stores will gladly do so that you can get packages to your destination on time.They don't bother to help you tape up a package, rather, buy $5 tape that you can use once. They don't bother to even say Thanks on the way out. Don't bother with this family-owned business. Too bad, too, because I genuinely like mom-and-pop operations.
2	Been there twice, the place is close enough to walk to, but their attitude is enough to motivate me to drive some where else.
