4	Joined some co-workers at Town Square for Cadillac Ranch's opening night festivities. Granted, not representative of a normal night at this joint. It was crowded, there were lines out the door and around the corner to get in, and when you did get in finding a spot to sit and hang was a nightmare.That said, the character of the place screams for you to kick back and let it all hang out. The cowboy flavor is fun without really hitting your over the head. Even with the whole world in the restaurant and adjoining patios the staff were friendly and helpful. Had a nice assortment of mixed drinks. All were great save one. Not sure what rum they're sportin' over there - hopefully they were just tapped out of the normal stuff. Appetizers were tasty! Thumbs up from the gang on the fries, calamari and sliders being served. Returning very soon to plow through one of their steaks. Based on what we experienced so far I'm guessing I won't be disappointed. Prices for lunch are comparable with it's neighbors in Town Square. It'll be a pricey dinner, but since I haven't tried it yet I have no way to fairly evaluate that.Overall I believe CR has what it takes to give the popular Yardhouse (right downstairs) a serious run for it's money. It'll get rowdy and it'll get fun.Oh, did I mention the mechanical bull?
4	Went to the grand opening last night so of course it was popping.  VIP tickets were worthless because the line was still pretty long according to a friend who was texting me updates.  I arrived after the the line died down.It's a cowboy resturant/bar.  Think of a hip Stoney's.  Yes, they have a mechanical bull too which riders seemed to want to grind last night.  The menu looked pretty standard for bar food: chops, pulled pork, burgers, etc.  I think all food was priced under $30.  I didn't bother ordering food since it was too busy.   The bottle service was reasonable with a $200 price on most bottles you'd get at a club.  I only recall the Veuve Clicquot being more at $230.The outside glass rock fire pits were a nice touch to give it a lounge feel.  There are also a couple areas that could be closed off for single or multi-table parties.They had a small dance floor inside.  Maybe it was an area where they would normally set up tables.  They played different genres of music which was cool.I'm sure I'll go there again, although I will not go out of my way for it.  It could possibly be the newest LV local hotspot depending on the weekly events.  Stay tuned.
2	Visit: 5/14/09 - Dinner.  Ate Roasted Chicken, Ranch Chips, Hot Wings, Calamari, shrimp & crab penne, and pork chops.Roasted Chicken was okay.  They need to give more BBQ sauce with the chicken.  Chicken was dry without sauce.Ranch chips are tasty.  Too expensive for chips though.Shrimp & Crab Penne was pretty good.Pork Chops were tasty, but dry.  The portion was extra large.  Overall I would not choose the pork chops.  Anything dry is terrible.Hot Wings were good.  Nothing special.Calamari was good, but the portion was small.Don't order coffee.  They serve it cold and it taste instant.Service was below average.  Only thing going for the waitress was that she was wearing corset so you can see cleavage.  Other than that, she was bad.Notable is the bull riding.  They have a mechanical bull ride that is free.  That is very entertaining to watch.  They need more girls to ride that bull.  Too many guys.I would come back for happy hour.  Cheaper and good atmosphere.
2	eh.I tried it out for lunch with a friend.. nothing special. Menu is uninspired, but what do you want for a restaurant with "ranch" in the name? The service was sub par.. it was a bit hectic in the place, didn't seem to have any flow of any kind. just random employees. walked in and no hostess, no-one to direct us and not a single employee acknowledged us. I am not upset about it.. but i was hungry and looking to sit.. so I didn't know if I was supposed to seat myself. Then a little blond came out and asked if there was anything she could help us with. I said, "yes.. we would like to sit and eat".. she just looked at me as if i said something wrong. I dunno what it was about. then they put us in a crowded section where the server was just overwhelmed. She as very friendly.. very friendly.. and inquired about 4 times as to what we were doing later. So we told her, but she seemed uninterested. So maybe I just read the whole place wrong. Our food took about 20 minutes and the appetizer of chicken fingers never showed. We just canceled them cuz the mains were there. The manager decided to bring them anyway and said they would just go to waste. It was a nice gesture.. but you could tell they had been forgotten in the window.. cuz they were just less than warm. Oh well, I ate 3 of them anyway. I had ordered only a Iceberg wedge salad because I wasn't into anything else and the chicken fingers and the salad were going to be the meal for me. I would go again for a drink and some snacks. Nothing to rush back for. The place looks cool and it would be fun to watch some drunk patrons ride the mechanical bull. Maybe even get up there myself...probably not though.
2	I was really excited to try out Cadillac Ranch for a few reasons, first and perhaps most shallowly, because their logo is a big 'CR' - my initials... it must be love, right? Second because I have been seeking out a fun place to spend my 30th birthday party which is quickly approaching and wanted to give this place a practice run. Cadillac Ranch looks cool and there is a neat looking fire pit outside that I imagined my friends and I clinking drinks around and ringing in my new decade. I went for lunch with my beau and my first experience was that the hostess was fairly unfriendly. To me, a hostess is a huge part of an experience at a restaurant because that is your first impression of a place and I am a customer service snob. We wanted to sit outside and she asked if high tables (bar tables) were okay. Sure! We get outside and it turns out the high tables she referred to were actually in direct sunlight. This is Vegas, and at 1 p.m. in Las Vegas in direct sunlight it is no fun! The question shouldn't have been if we minded high tables, but if we would have minded sitting in the sun, in which case our answer would have been yes. There were a few tables outside that were unoccupied but that hadn't been cleaned. We asked our server, who was nice but an airhead, if we could move once one of them was cleared off. Finally a table was cleared and was waiting to be wiped down, but the unfriendly hostess managed to come out with another group of people at the same moment and between the hostess and our waiter there was about to be a cat fight. She didn't know that table hadn't even been cleaned with a rag and was going to sit people there which grossed me out. Eventually another dirty table not in the sun was cleaned for the second party and everyone was happy, although I was beginning to wonder if there was a busser at this restaurant, or what? Our food came out quickly, my boyfriend a burger and me a margherita pizza. The pizza was good and I was pleasantly surprised at the turnaround time on the order considering the obvious inexperience of the serving staff. Throughout the meal my boyfriend, who is a very thirsty person for some reason, had absolutely no water left in his glass. He asked not once, not twice, but 3 times for more water - he even drank all of mine! The manager was wandering around and asked how everything was and I mentioned that we had asked for water three times and as of yet, nothing. I really liked my server's personality and I felt bad getting him into trouble, but geez, get us our dang water! The only saving grace of this restaurant is the location, our experience with a friendly but all-in-all terrible server, and the food was okay. No 30th birthday party for this girl!
2	I give this place nine months. Just like a baby. The food sucks and so does the service. It is a hybrid between Applebees, Lonestar steakhouse and Gilly's (for the Mechanical bull). Now slap it on a high dollar per square foot lease in Town Square. Add some semi-cute bartenders that will probably be working at Cheetahs when this place closes its doors. Then you have yourself a Cadillac ranch. Do not enjoy it while it lasts. However, happy hour prices on drinks are pretty darn good. Drink up. When you wake up it may turn in to Kona grill!!! Yeeeey !!!!!!
4	Well I can't rate the food here, but I came here friday night and had a blast.  I will be back with pants next time to conquer that bull!Town Square is a new outdoor mall.  We came here after learning that Blue Martini had a 20.00 cover.  Just didn't feel like living it up that way that night.  So we wandered over to Cadillac Ranch.  Bartenders were cool and we never had to wait long.  Its a spacious venue with tons of tvs and even a dance floor with some pretty bangin DJs.  We were pumped.  It was clean and had cute western decor.  My friend and I wandered off from the men and watched the bull riders for a while.  Its 3.00 a ride and the same people kept getting on.  A couple of drunk dudes felt they had to abuse the bull after falling, so the girl at the controls would whip the bull around really hard on purpose.  It was laughs.  There is a nice outdoor patio and it wasn't hot inside.  The crowd was very mixed and generally good looking.  A great alternative when you don't wanna go all out on the strip.  No cover!
4	Wow!  When I got to this restaurant on Yelp I never expected to see such an undeservedly low rating.  We had dinner there tonight for the first time, and had a blast.First, I should say that we are not the typical Friday night customers - we're old enough to be the parents of most every patron in the place, so you might think we were like fish out of water.  It was very loud and jam-packed, just the kind of atmosphere I usually hate.  But it had an energy that was infectious!Maybe it helped that there was a promo going on - sign up at the door and get three tickets for free drinks (white wine or vodka+) from 6-9 pm.  Just my kind of drinks.  So by the time we got to sit down for dinner we weren't feeling much pain.We had a coupon from the newspaper for a BOGO.  Our very attentive waitress told us about the night's specials, and we decided to order the mahi mahi in coconut and mango something or other, plus the Chicken Diablo from the regular menu.  We asked if we could use the coupon on the special.  She said yes, but returned a moment later, very apologetic, and said that it was good only from Monday to Thursday.  My husband is never one to hear the word "no" and accept it as Gospel, so he asked her to send over the manager.  The manager, Eric, came over right away. Before hubby could even open his mouth, Eric, smiling, said he has trouble reading tiny print, too, and of course they'd take the coupon.  We were very surprised, not only by his agreeing to do it, but also by the friendly and gracious attitude he had.  There are way too many restaurant owners and managers who don't understand the "Word of Mouth" concept, but this manager was not one of them.  And we are diehard loyalists, and go out of our way to tell people when we've had such positive experiences.Happily, I don't have to make up anything positive.  Our waitress was really, really good - friendly, efficient, but not intrusive.  And the food was very good, too.  The mahi mahi dish was excellent.  The Chicken Diablo was good.  It could have used a little kick to help it live up to the name, but the penne wasn't overcooked and there wasn't too much sauce or salt.All in all, we had a terrific time and a very good dinner, and we look forward to going back.
3	Basically the younger brother/sister of Blue Martini that tries desparately to be a cowboy themed club. Haven't tried the food, dance floor is a stage a garage bandcouldn't fit on, but they have quality drinks, a friendly staff, and a great happy hour.... So 3 outta 5
2	The place is very nice inside. We came to eat and left still hungry. The food is nice but the dessert was very small. We ordered the apple pie and the size was very very small. People that ordered miller lite and Jack Daniels where out of luck none in stock. This was a Monday. Come on stock up. The lady behind the bar was busy chatting to the other bartenders and not helping the patrons. I would hate to see what it is like when it is busy.
4	Great. Food and drink prices.  A gem in the desert.
1	The door man sucks ass!  I don't know where he gets off thinking he is so special, but he was being a total douche to my friend.  My friend had an Indiana driver's license and asked him what year he graduated high school, if he had any other ID, etc.  It was like the Spanish Inquistion.  He had no problem letting me in and I have a CA ID.  Didn't understand that.  Oh wait, I'm a girl, so I guess the tits let me get into bars with ease.  I should tell my friend to work on getting boobs, then he won't have to deal with asshole door men.  The only reason this place gets a star at all if because of the bartender who profusely apologized about the door man.  Other than that, this place is a total douche fest.  But we're in Vegas, so I guess that's to be expected.
4	ive heard tons of negative things about this place.but i actually really liked it.if you go wednesday night, they have happy hour! half price drinks!which are really good by the way. =)their asian salad was SUPER good as well as their pulled pork sandwiches, porkchops, margherita flat bread, chocolate cake and cheesecake.(i had a 50 dollar gift certificate, so we ate a LOT!)the prices were ok.gets expensive fast!the service was excellent, SERVER wise.the hostesses were absolutely terrible.
2	I've been to Cadillac Ranch a couple of times now. The actual restaurant and bar is very nice. It's spacious and has some nice spots to hang out with with a group. They also have a mechanical bull!!However, the drinks I've had were not good. They just didn't taste good. The food was also lackluster. I've never had a problem getting in or trouble at the door. I just think for the drinks and food prices, I'd rather go over to the Blue Martini literally next door during 4-8pm and pay less for better drinks.
3	Due to the cheap bottle service and lack of desire to spend NYE on the strip again, we found ourselves here this year.  The concept is the same as all bars with the mechanical bull but I will say the decor was fun.  The ceilings were covered in old license plates, some wall were covered with hub caps, and others were lined with old acoustic guitars.  The bottle service was cheap, the food was greasy (that's all they offered after 10), and fun times were had by all.  Our server was amazing!  He was around so many times that we never had to refill our own drink even though the bottle was sitting at our table, he took shots with us, and was just pleasant all around.  I don't know what its like on a normal day/night, but it was pretty good on NYE.
4	Was visiting my bff in Vegas and we moseyed on over here after leaving Blue Martini (for lack of better music). It was a Saturday night and probably passed 11pm. I don't remember paying cover. I'm pretty sure I didn't. I was already tipsy. I didn't buy any drinks here. The music was ok. Later on in the night it got a lot better though. The place was kinda chill. There were a lot of people but it was big enough that it wasn't crowded. It had a nice patio area. Plenty of space to dance. There's a mechanical bull but my skirt was much too short.
3	The initial goal was to meet up with a family member that was in town who FLAKED on me.  Looking at the menu before I left I decided to go anyway since the prices weren't too pricey.The huddle of hostesses were a disgrace.  The place was relatively empty as we went around 4:30-5pm on a Saturday afternoon/evening.  We received our intial "hello" but after that we pretty much were non-existent.  The blonde girl was applying her lip gloss with her finger when were standing at the hostess station.  Another employee came in with half-a-glass of water that the brunette hostess stowed behind the podium.  The girl with the glass was also waving her paycheck in the area and very RUDELY squeezed past me and the podium without saying excuse me.  I personally make it a point not to mouth off to the staff before I eat because I enjoy food that hasn't been spat on.Being successfully irked by the hosting staff, I was pleasantly surprised by the genuine niceness of our server.  She let us know about the specials which weren't bad.  We got the better end of the deal because although it was Saturday the NFL playoff game was going on so our bucket of beer was $5 cheaper.  Our plates were $7 each which we though were a good deal... until our plates arrived.  They were tiny portions although, they were filling enough for me.  I had the Southwest Taquitos (more like eggrolls...) which were ok.  The pico de gallo had a nice sour taste to it and was well balanced with onions and sprinkles of chopped jalapeno here and there.  My boyfriend got the "Sherry Ahi Tuna"  I don't know if that was a typo or what, but it was seared and it was served on top of fried wonton squares which were served on top of the Asian salad.  The smell of sesame oil was delightful, and to be honest... I wanted more of what he had.The mechanical bull was pretty entertaining.  A family and all the kids took turns riding it and it was entertaining to see the chubby kid attempt to get on the bull on 3 separate attempts and ultimately had his brother help him on.... And on top of that the look of apprehension on his face was priceless.  He lasted less than a minute.All-in-all it was an okay experience.  I will be back, hopefully for the AFC championship (Bolts vs. Colts).
4	Two words:Electronic Bull.Yee haw.
2	A couple of things to do:    - Drink Beer at the Bar    - Watch Sports    - Ride the mechanical Bull    -  AND Stay away from the food.The food was not good. I got the Diablo Chicken Pasta. Although the warning messages on the menu about the dangers of eating meat was a pleasant reminder, it did not deter me from it. The Diablo Chicken Pasta tasted bland, mixed with penne pasta, some crushed peppers, and a MAC N Cheese taste. I love Mac N Cheese, but this was no bueno. Especially for 14.95!!! It wasn't spicy and overall it was  just a terrible dish.Aside from that, the sandwiches also looked mundane. One item I would suggest is the Mushroom Lovers Pizza. That is if you love mushroom and flatbread pizza. This is definitely the kind of place where the environment and style undermines the food. The service was good. In fact, it was toooo good. A person would come and check on us every three-five minutes. First the manager, than another waitress, then our waitress. Afterwords, she came again and asked "how we were." I don't mind the intrusion, it was just a little too much and annoying. Overall...B-Great Environment and Unsatisfactory Food.
5	I go to cadillac ranch 2 times every month but this past weekend, i went to the bar towards the back, it was crowded....and was wondering why. First time I seen a DJ on the balcony area....everyone at the bar area was enjoying the DJ......you should have that dj there every weekend!! the music was better than the music that was inside the main floor.....anyways hope to see that dj at the balcony there more often....
1	I cannot believe this place is still open!!! The food is horrible. DO NOT EAT HERE. Go downstairs and eat @ YARDHOUSE.
4	Came here last night with a friend who was in town. I didn't want to go thru the hassle of going to a club on the strip, and I've seen this place before in passing, so this was the pick of the night. We got there a little early (around 10) so there was no line. There was also no cover which was nice and it didn't look like there was any dress code, but most people looked decent which kept the respectability of the place. There a several bars, A BUNCH of tv's always on a sports game/espn (ya!) and a mechanical bull, which is always fun to watch. I didn't eat the food, and from the others reviewers of this place, i don't think i ever will. The prices for drink were a little on the expensive side so I'm pre-partying next time. A few dance floors, DJ, bottle service (from what I was told) was about $200, which is pretty good. Alot of cougars last night. I mean ALOT. bachelor parties, and whatever else you can think of. definitely a diverse crowd. Truth be told the only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because somewhere in the back of my mind, I keep thinking about how this place reminds me of a more classy version of saddle ranch at citywalk in Hollywood (which is not a good look). Its a little off the strip, so if you get tired of dealing with the politics of place on the strip and wanna go for something different, this is your place.
3	I've been here a few times and the only thing that I like to go here for are the Happy Hour prices, mostly drinks, and to people watch. The food is OK and music can be obnoxiously LOUD, like, SO annoying loud that you feel like you've been in a club all night lol. They have a really nice outdoor seating area and on the weekends, they open up the dance floor. The main feature to this place is the Mechanical Bull. It's so fun to watch drunk girls ride the bull and drunks guys GAWK at them lol. We like this place, but don't make it a habit.
3	Last night my husband and I drove to town square to hit up our new favorite place - Cana. When we walked up to Cana we were told it was closed for a private event. BUMMER.We considered all the options in Town Square. It was 6:30 PM , so too late for Yardhouse happy hour (btw, screw You Yardhouse and your 3-6 PM HH!), not in the mood for Blue martini.. hmmm.. why not try something new! I honestly wasn't thrilled with my husbands choice. It looked pretty lame, and the food menu wasn't exciting me. HOWEVER, Happy hour ends at 8 PM there (big plus!), and I was curious. I have to admit, for the type of place it was (cheesy, corporate, western themed, slutty bartenders, all the things I hate!), I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food and drink prices. We had Blue Moons and Pear Ciders ($3/pint), and tried the Nachos, Chicken Lettuce Wraps, and the Ahi Tuna ($7 each). My husband declared the Nachos the best restaurant nachos ever (ok apparently he's easy to please?).Chicken lettuce wraps was different cause the chicken was fried. And dipped in Sesame. And awesome. The lettuce and fried wontons the glorious chicken was served with seemed gratuitous and we didn't eat that. However we loved the chicken. Freaking awesome little fried nuggets of sesame goodness! Tuna was a pleasant surprise. I would say it's comparable to what I usually get at Yardhouse (Ahi Tuna crunch salad), but it had peanuts in the salad, a creamier (ie less healthy) dressing, and the tuna had a nice ponzu on it. The serving was smallish- but very similar in size to Yardhouse. As mentioned above, the bartenders were particularly plastic and slutty looking. They acted particularly unprofessionally (gossiping loudly amongst themselves the entire time we were there!), but that's all to be expected in a corporate cheese-ball Vegas place. Overall I guess what I'm saying is this place isn't all that bad if you're ever stuck here like I was. Food is surprisingly good (for corporate bar food!), and the drink prices are reasonable during HH.
3	Cadillac Ranch is an interesting country rock and roll themed restaurant.  With the riding bull in the restaurant and a nice bar area, this place is packed on the weekend evenings.In terms of the food, their food is fair.  I honestly prefer their appetizers, specifically the kettle chips.  They fry the chips fresh in the restaurant and top it with aged balsamic and bleu cheese.  It's AWESOME.  I honestly only stop by here for that appetizer and a beer.  Great location for some drunken fun, but the food is only fair.  If you want to eat anything there, do their kettle chip appetizer.  It's big, it's good, and it's filling.
4	We popped in here after not getting service for 10-15 minutes at Blue Martini.  It was my wife's birthday and we were killing time before our reservations at Texas De Brazil.  After being snobbed outta Blue Martini (soon to yelp that experience) we hit up Cadillac Ranch on the way back.  The sign out front said Happy Hour 4-8.  Not only a LATE HH, but everything was %50 off for apps and drinks.We got in there about 545 and had 45 min to kill.  My wife was having a great time that day telling everyone it was her birthday.  When we got in there she mentioned it to a gentleman who appeared to be the manager.  On the same hand, he greeted us and told us how everything worked.  VERY VERY friendly guy that was really cool.  He told the bartender that she had to take a shot with my wife and I for her birthday and it was up to my wife to take whatever shot she wanted.  THAT WAS PRETTY COOL.  Can't even find that hospitality in Oregon.We had some type of a pear martini drink (i didn't realize it was gonna come in a martini glass....i felt a lil Fem....haha) then I decided lets go with a Long island!!  The bartender had her own way of making it without using coke or tripple sec, it was something else and some liqueur....Completely pink....and it was @#%%^#$@*&# awesome. We didn't order food being that we had reservations, but seen plenty come out.  The portions all looked rather larger than what you may normally expect.Next time we come to Vegas we wanna have HH here again, it was cheap and worth the money in our book!!
2	Food was OK. Steak was luke warm, and the garlic mashed potatoes... Where's the garlic  I questioned if the kitchen was clean after seeing the men's restrooms. The restroom was unsightly, hand towels overflowed from the trash receptacle and the smell was horrific, it appears it was not cleaned from the night before. I think if the restrooms are not clean, what must the kitchen look like.
2	Went here last night for a friend of a friend's birthday party and it wasn't too much of a party to say the least. We were in the VIP section on the patio and got through security pretty quickly upon entering, and the place was super packed. We got a drink up at the bar and went back to the patio. They charge $9 for a teeny tiny rum & coke which is ridiculous but expected in Vegas. But then when my friend's boyfriend went back to the bar again for a second round for my friend, it was $7 and in a plastic albeit bigger glass. WTF? I guess you have to get the right bartender who isn't going to screw you over. When I went for my drink (a $10 Rock Candy) I unfortunately had the previous bartender and it was small, and was way too sour, not the way I had remembered the drink. Ick. Now the reason we had to go to the bar all the time was because the waitress for the VIP area completely ignored us. She asked everyone else around if they needed anything, but not us.  I'm giving this an extra star because this is the only place in Las Vegas where karma comes around faster than usual. Literally moments after making fun of some girl's hideous outfit, she falls over in her chair. And that douchebag in True Religion who hit on you at the bar will fall off the bull faster than it took for him to get off of you. The crowd was very meh for being so busy. It seemed like every girl there was skanktastic, and every guy was in an embroidered button-down and light-washed jeans with whiskering. Eww. At least we got to see a Snooki lookalike grinding like crazy and a stripper ride the bull. Ahh, Vegas. When there is a mechanical bull, all bets are off. Just make sure you find a bartender who won't stiff you and this place could possibly be alright with the right crowd.
2	We went there for my daughter's B-Day dinner. The food took forever, I mean forever. It's 8:00 on a Tuesday and there were not alot of people  there, so why the long wait? Who knows? I asked if they sang or gave the b-day person a dessert...the waitress said they don't do anthing but that she will do something. I thought that was nice of her. However, she hardly came around,not even to refill our drinks, and even took forever to give us our check!!The inside and outside was cool-What was up in the bathroom? On all the sinks were hairspray,lotion,towels, deodorant - it looked like a bathroom from an all girls dorm room in college. Oh yeah and there were two ladies just hanging out like they were bathroom attendants or something...The food was alright, nothing special...The house made potato chips topped with cheese and balsamic vinegar was good but came cold.I will give this place another chance one day I guess, I'm not in a hurry though...
3	Hitting up Cadillac Ranch just in time for their Happy Hour!  As advertised, it's Mondays through Fridays from 4 pm to 8 pm - half off all drinks and half off appetizers.  (It's actually $7 select appetizers, but half off all drinks still!)We ordered a couple of drinks off their cocktail menu: * Pear...fect 59 Cadillac "Enjoy our signature cocktail made with Grey Goose La Poire and fresh pear puree." ($10) - We were surprised to see it arrive in a martini glass, something to think about if you're expecting a pint glass.  It was sweet and you can definitely taste the pear puree.* Seville "Experience a delightful and refreshing blend of Sauza Hornitos Plata, Citronge, Fresh Mango Puree and Fresh Lime Juice." ($10) - This arrived in a pint glass and you could definitely taste the alcohol in it.  Decent overall.  We were initially going to order a bunch of their half off appetizers, but changed our minds after we saw their $7 select appetizer menu.  They did offer a Complete Dinner for Two for $29.95 from Mondays to Fridays from 4 pm to 8 pm.  (Add 2 Well Drinks - $34.95)  You can choose one select appetizer to share, one select entree each, and one select dessert to share.* Kettle Chips "Thinly sliced potatoes deep fried to perfection and served with garlic cream sauce and blue cheese crumbles.  Finished with a Balsamic drizzle and scallions." - A hearty portion of tasty potato chips with a yummy creamy garlic sauce and a decent amount of blue cheese crumbles.* Candied Pecan Pork Chop "One thick-cut chops grilled and crusted with candied pecans.  Served over caramelized onion mashed potatoes and green beans." - Their regular entree course includes two pork chops, but you only get one in the dinner special.  A nice crust on that pork chop.* Bourbon Sirloin Steak "8 oz. beef sirloin seasoned and broiled to perfection, then placed on a demi glaze.  Served with garlic mashed potatoes and sauteed green beans." - The regular entree course is a 10 oz cut.  Ours was also served with corn.  * Strawberry Fried Cheesecake - Only available on the dinner special.  Asked the waitress about it and she couldn't say much beyond that she really liked it.  She didn't think it was deep-fried since it wasn't oily.  It's actually a flaky pastry with the cheesecake mixture inside and covered with cinnamon sugar.  Served with a strawberry sauce and cream.Food and service were okay, nothing special.  The busboys were quick about clearing out the dishes as they needed.  We probably wouldn't eat or drink here without it being happy hour or they were offering a special.  Some specials they are offering: Sundays: Salsa Night, 8 pm to close with a salsa instructor from 9 pm to 10 pm$3 Corona and Corona Light (from 9 pm to close)$5 House Margaritas and Cadillac Margaritas (from 9 pm to close)Mondays: Kids 12 and under eat free, from 11 am to 10 pm with purchase of any full priced entree, free bull rides for all kids
2	Meh. This place kind of sucks. It's not horrible, but it's not really good.I judge a place based on menu, drink options, but in this case, atmosphere. The vibe is a bit lame, and for a weekend night, it wasn't very full. We popped in for a bit as the night began, but promptly moved over to Blue Martini. As the night began to dwindle, we came back to this place, and noticed a massive line outside, but the crowd was lame, inside wasn't full (I can see why), and I didn't really have a good time.I don't think I would come back, unless I had no other choice. Thankfully, I do.
3	A mechanical bull! YES, they have one in their bar. For a tip, you'll be able to fancy yourself on the backside of a bull. Delightful!NOW, on to the food. I didn't care too much for their selection of entrees so we opted to get appetizers.Sliders were delicious. The crispy onion strings was a nice touch. Get a side of BBQ sauce and it will be bomb diggity.Sweet n Spicy Calamari was okay. I really liked the sauce but they smothered the calamari with it so the crunchiness was gone. If you're a fan of crunchy, get the sauce on the side. Wings were good. THEY WERE HUGE! I looked at them and said DAMN! Again, I like crunchy so guess what I did. I ordered the sauce on the side. As for the taste, well.. they were just normal wings. Nothing special.The service was good. The waiter made sure to check on us every now and then. My only regret: not riding that bull. :o/
2	If you like grease and slow service, you'll like this place.  Was really hoping for something different when we arrived but it's typical bar type food you can get anywhere.  Onion rings that tasted like they had been frozen arrived on a bed of tasty french fries but were boredeline cold and greasy. We had to ask for something to dip them in.  My bbq sliders were good but because they had been left on the plate too long, they arrived luke warm with soggy bottoms.  The service could have been better considering the place was nearly empty and lots of staff in sight!
1	My boyfriend and I were in need of a Bloody Mary, so we stopped here to get one and a bite to eat.  Nothing on their menu was stood out, just regular old burgers and salads. We opted for the grilled chicked flatbread, which was actually good.  We had ordered two Spicy Bloody Mary's - when they came out, there WERE NO VEGGIES IN IT.  Not even an effin green olive.  Are you kidding me?  We like our food and drinks spicy, but this had half the bottle of Tabasco sauce in it.  The waiter was less than average and the busser checked on us more than the actual waiter did.  Never going back, what a joke.
3	I stopped in here with my husband in to get a drink while shopping. Wasn't that impressed but wasn't completely turned off either. We sat at the bar, the bartender quickly asked what we wanted. My husband ordered a beer, he could see what was on tap from his seat. I asked for a drink menu, as I was in the mood for something different. I quickly decided on a Melon Collins (Tanqueray Gin, Midori and a splash of lime), and my husband decided we should split the Pork Sliders. My drink was nice and strong, as it should be for $12. The sliders came out quickly, that is always a plus. They were good but I could have done with fewer onion strings and more bbq sauce.  They weren't "smothered" in sauce like the menu claimed. The restaurant itself is nice, and there were plenty of tvs so we could see the game. Perhaps it was the time of day, but no one was on the mechanical bull. I will probably revisit Cadillac Ranch at some point, but I doubt I will ever make the trip to Town Square specifically to eat there.
1	Went here for the first time a couple nights ago, I was part of a group of 6 and we were seated promptly, which was nice but the rest of the experience was pretty poor. Very young looking waitress came to our table to get drink orders, my friend asked about details of a couple of the beers, then ordered ONE of them. When the tween returned with our drinks, she brought my friend 2 beers....hmmm weird. When we informed her that there was only one beer ordered, and that we didn't want it she said we should try it and just see if we like it. Ok, I'm a fan of beer. That shit was gross, I don't remember what beer, but seriously GROSS!!!!! The tween then has the nerve to tell me that she likes the beer because she's a fan of wheat beers and that since we had said we like wheat beers, we should like that too. If by "wheat beer" she meant that she likes fruity piss water, than great but that was no wheat beer. Either way, I left early and paid for my appetizer (crab, spinach dip that was mediocre) and my friend was later charged for that extra shitty beer. I won't be returning to this place, their other drinks were fine but the service was horrible and the food wasn't any good either.  I'd rather have a beer at the Yardhouse than deal with the incompetent tweens that work as waitstaff here.
1	What can you expect from a place as loud and obnoxious as this?  Being in here brought back memories of my 20's.  Not in a good way either.  Food was a greasy sloppy mess.  Made me feel ill afterward.  Service was not horrible but wasn't great either.  They brought out the wrong order for my hubby but corrected it pretty quickly.  It was near empty when we went but all the TVs were blasting at a decibel way too loud for any undrunken ears.  But I suppose it's a whole different experience when you come at night to drink and ride the bull.  Unfortunately we were here for lunch after doing some shopping.  Definitely won't be back...
2	After some noshing at the Fly, some of the Yelparazzi rolled to Town Square to meet up with our farewell girl, Angela's, friends. They were at Cadillac Ranch....I never thought I'd ever walk in here because this kind of place is everything I'm not, but I'm up for an adventure. Some of those "not my scene" places have changed my mind before, but this visit solidifies why I didn't step in here on my own volition. It was half off drinks so decided to grab some libations and from advice of people who've been- we skipped out on food. I got a Leguntas IPA off the draft and it was bad. I know that this was either old or the keg wasn't properly cared for because I know what this beer is supposed to taste like on tap. This was off. This place isn't really a crowd that is ordering much of the IPA's and the Lagers so they probably sit while the "Lites" are getting switched out like hotcakes. Even so, staff should watch the kegs more carefully and drain pour old stuff as needed. I was impressed when I saw something not typical Bud/Miller/Coors on the tap so it made my disappointment worse when it couldn't even be fresh. I didn't complain because it was 3 dollars and we already sent back some incorrect black and tans. Some of our party wanted a "black and tan" with Guinness and Sam Adams Boston Lager.....waitress didn't know what this was so when it came mixed instead of split, it made us think that they poured it from the draft and not properly spooned in to separate the beers. Someone later came and said that the weights aren't correct to do the split and gave them a "Black and Blue" (Guinness and Blue Moon) instead. Though we couldn't dispute the weight issue at the time, I later got researching. Guinness with Sam Adams does indeed exist as a "Patriot Pint"....I am waiting on a beeradvocate answers if this indeed is split or is blended together. We didn't know it was a Band Battle on the locals night so it was way too loud to talk inside. We are talkative folks so it dampened things. Sorry Vegas, but talent isn't up to par with other big cities so I didn't care to stick around. The band playing sounded alright, but made some major sound errors and were pulling out their sounds, ripoff, not inspired by people who came before them. One being an ex (I'll never tell), so I know well when people are arranging their music like his. Yeah, I'm an asshole for saying so, but I'm an asshole with a music collection sitting at home that literally enough to open a music store, a music set up and friends in high places in the industry. Until some quality band (Panic does not count because they don't know how to play live) out here makes it big time, then anyone bitching at me how wonderful the local scene is wrong.  Scenesters, go cry to your Edward Sharpe album and if you see their drummer, Josh, tell him he owes Jade (me) some bubble bath bombs. Enjoy music by all means as it is the greatest mediums in the world, but don't try to convince me out of things I know to be true.  After 30 minutes of attempting to yell a conversation and half drunk beers, we went downstairs to the Yardhouse for some serious brews from well cared for taps. Sorry, but this place isn't the kind of bull I like to be riding this late at night.
2	Came here for the after party to Angela H's UYE at Firefly. I think at this point we were down to just 6. We came here because some of Angela's friends were coming here. The drinks were half off which was cool. I ordered a Snake Bite , but the waitress came back and said they were out of pear cider. I settled for a Black & Tan. They brought back a just Black. When questioned about the Black & Tan, the bartender came out and gave us some bull shit excuse. I could've went back there and poured one for myself. After the third attempt...I was just getting irritated.So I guess we came here on a night when they had a live band playing. I think it was about 20 after we got here, the band started to play and it was loud. It got so effin loud, I couldn't even hear the voices in my head. We decided to leave and continue out party downstairs at Yard House.
1	Deplorable.We were told it was open seating, so the hostess suggested we grab our own menus and seat ourselves. We sat for so long without acknowledgement from anyone, that I called the restaurant and complained from the table. Our waitress finally came out, she was frazzled and evidently pretty new, but she was sweet. The food was quite good, the drinks were horrific. At the end when we showed her our still more than half-full drinks, this is what transpired:She told us it was their policy to charge you for the drink if you drank ANY of it. When we pointed out we had to TASTE the drinks, she got flustered. That's when she apologized and told us she should have tasted them first to make sure they were OK. We stared incredulously, I have never heard of waitresses sampling people's drinks for them, but we smiled politely and asked her to take the drinks off the bill (they were $9 and $12). She told us her manager had to do it and went to go talk to him. When she finally came back, he had only removed one drink, the $9 one. We told her that was unacceptable and to please send him to our table. In the next five minutes, he stormed by our table at least twice but never stopped, he pointedly ignored us. She came back and told us he was in a "bad mood" so she removed the $12 drink from the tab anyway. My guess is she gets docked $12 or fired.Don't give this half-baked operation ANY of your money. The owner of Cadillac Grill should be ashamed to allow it to be run that way.
2	I had made plans to meet an old friend and one of her friends for lunch at Blue Martini. I did not realize that Blue Martini was not open for lunch until we arrived, so we decided to eat at Cadillac Ranch instead. We were seated quickly and given special lunch menus. They had a variety of things for us to choose from for around $9, including a 'pick two' deal where you got half of a sandwich and a side. The friend-of-my-friend inquired about the soups for the day. Since it was Friday we were not surprised to hear clam chowder was an option, as well as a baked potato soup. Our waiter was very honest and told us that you do not get many clams with the chowder. That is pretty lame but I appreciated the honesty. So I asked his opinion on the ahi tuna salad sandwich I was considering and the look on his face made it clear I needed to continue to look. Finally decided on the slider again for my sandwich, extra sauce this time. And bowl of the baked potato soup. When the food came out, I had fries with my slider. The waiter asked if we needed silver wear, which I would if my order had came out correct, so I pointed out my lack of soup. He quickly rectified the situation. I was glad he did, the soup was the best part of my meal. It had carrots in it though, which seemed out of place. My slider was smothered with onion strings and slightly more sauce then my previous visit. Overall I just was not impressed. I really did appreciate the honesty about the food, but all that did was solidify my 'meh' feeling toward Cadillac Ranch.
2	Came here last night to meetup with a large group of people to watch the USC vs Hawaii game on the patio.  Our group made arrangements to have the patio to ourselves during the game.I've been here once before and didn't like it, but came here anyway because of the group get together.  The service all night long was atrocious.  Here's the breakdown:Our server gave my table a menu, but failed to mention that even though it wasn't Happy Hour, you could still order from the Happy Hour menu but pay full price for the items.  After browsing the menu for a minute, I thought I overheard someone at the table next to us order Nachos....I scoured the menu looking for them but didn't find it....so I assumed that I was hearing things and we proceeded to order a Pepperoni Pizza and a Mushroom Lover's Pizza.While we were waiting for our food, our glasses of Wine & Beer went empty....then our Water glasses went empty.  We had to flag down the waitress to fill them up each time.....this went on throughout the night.  They brought out the Pepperoni Pizza and we started to devour it....thinking the Mushroom Pizza was still being prepared, I didn't ask about it at the time.  Meanwhile, a huge plate of Nachos gets delivered to the table next to us....what the hell?!  Then another table next to us gets Nachos too!  So, I asked our server....."Where is Nachos on the menu?".....she says "It's on the Happy Hour menu, since it isn't Happy Hour they are $9, do you want to order one?"....I say "Well, if we didn't already order a Mushroom Pizza and Pepperoni Pizza, I would have ordered Nachos".....she says "What Mushroom Pizza?  All I have is a Pepperoni Pizza for you."......now I'm pissed....I told her to put in the order for Mushroom Pizza.  I asked how they knew about the Happy Hour menu and she said that they asked for it.....that's crazy....how are people suppose to know to ask about something they are unaware of?The 2nd Pizza came out after a while, but what a disaster for service all night. The Pizza was good...not great.  The Pepperoni didn't have enough flavor.  The Mushroom Pizza was far from a "Mushroom Lovers" Pizza....very few Mushrooms.  I expected more Mushrooms.  I would have rated the food 3 Stars.Will I return?  Unfortunately, it looks like our group wants to meet here for games all year long, so if I want to hang out with them, I'll return.  Next time I'll eat before I arrive.
3	After a really crappy visit to Cadillac Ranch a couple of weeks ago, I stopped by here to watch a college football game with some Alumni friends this past Saturday.  Because they chose this place, I didn't have a say in where to go....but decided to give it another shot.The experience was a 180 degree change from the last one.  Even though it wasn't Happy Hour, the server had Happy Hour menus out.....which is great because the items on the HH menu are not on the regular menu....I don't care if I have to pay full price.I ordered the Jalapeno Poppers and based on the recommendation from the server, I had a Lagunitas IPA to wash it down.  The food came out pretty fast and was very tasty.  The Breading on the Jalapenos were very light....not the heavy stuff you find on most Poppers.  The Peppers varied from being really Spicy to Mild.....which happens often with Jalapenos.  The ones that were Spicy were REALLY Spicy!  But I like that...so +1 there.  I didn't care for the Cheese filling though...which was a Cheddar blend of some kind....I prefer Cream Cheese filling.The Lagunitas IPA was very tasty....you could taste the Hops, but it didn't overwhelm the flavor.  It was a mellow IPA in my book.  The server made sure my glass was never empty during the game.Will I return?  While I don't prefer this place, it's the official spot to watch games for our Alumni Club, so I'll be back soon I'm sure.
2	Being from Texas and coming to this restaurant made me laugh. I could not quite figure out the whole motif thing. Cadillac bar? With guitars all over the place then pics of Aerosmith and Shania? What was the connection? Was it to be a guitar bar or country bar? Anyway, was there for a business dinner and the food was mediocre.  We had a large group and so we had a buffet type dinner. One of the choices was BBQ Ribs..I think not. The other Texan with me said they were not any good. The meat is supposed to fall off the bone people, not be sawed off by a knife. Glad it was not my money!!
2	The only reason this isn't getting a one star review is because the service was good. I'm usually not a complainer but I hated my meal. I had their Bourbon Steak which is not on their real menu but on their dinner special hand out. It came with green beans and mashed potatoes. The green beans were tasty I finished all of those but the mashed potatoes had the after taste of medical gauze. I took two bites and that's all I could handle. I asked for the steak to be medium well so it would be juicy but it was still dry . I tried to doctor it up with some A-1 sauce and it was still blah. I know this place is not gourmet but I did expect it to be comparable to TGI Fridays, Applebees, and if you want to go old school ....Sizzler. It just didn't cut it in my book. I didn't want to say anything to my husband who was paying for the meal but I guess he saw it on my face. He was like, "What's wrong...did I do something wrong?" He probably thought I was giving him grief about smiling too much at the waitress or something like that. I was like "no"...then he really thought he was in trouble for something so I finally told him I was not happy with my meal. He told me to send it back ...I didn't want to get back a spit drenched steak so I opted for settling for it. I also ordered a cocktail called Rock Candy it was a $12.00 dollar drink but since it was happy hour it came out to $6.00. I had my ideas about what it would look like before it came out. In my head I pictured it in a big Margarita glass the contents being bright pink and a stick of blue rock candy sticking out of it. I thought for this price it should not only taste good but it should look cute too! When the waitress brought it out I thought it was water with lemons in it. Then she came back to ask me how I liked my drink. I didn't try it yet because I thought it was just water so I took a sip of it and told her it was good. The first couple of sips was good but not great. It tasted more and more like watered down lemonade as time went on. We had the Banana's Foster for dessert which I thought I would like because I've had one before. Their version is something I have not experienced till now ...first of all there was no crepe...boo! It was warm bananas swimming around in creme sauce with a scoop of vanilla ice ream in the middle drizzled with caramel. The warm bananas are good as a breakfast meal but not for dessert. So I only took about three bites of that. I don't like writing bad reviews so I'll end this on what I did like. If it wasn't for the Cadillac Ranch State Fries I think I would have went home hungry. These are jumbo potato seasoned fries with cheese bacon and sour cream. I should have ordered two of these for my meal and I would have walked out a happy camper!
4	Went tonight to watch the UFC!  Great place to watch the UFC.  No cover.  Volume turned up and the fights are shown on every screen.  Not a bad seat in the house to watch the fights.  Waiter was very attentive, but not bothersome during the fight.  They even offered drink specials (well....their gigantic 100 oz tower for $20 is a great deal in Vegas).  Their were promo girls too offering free shots.  The food was pretty good too.  We started off with the Kettle Chips app.  Very creative app.  We enjoyed it.  Watching others orders come to the table we realized we needed to split our meal.  SUPER LARGE PORTIONS!  We had the house salad and the Mac N Cheese.  Both were great and more than filling when split b/t the two of us.  I did order a specialty drink...it was good, not worth $12 but not bad to sip on.  Overall, a great place to watch the UFC.  Wish it was back home in Texas.
3	After Johnny McGuire's, my cousins and I decided to hang out at Cadillac Ranch to watch the rest of the game. We just went with Miller Lite on tap since it was only $2.50 a cup - a crappy plastic cup, but whatever.This place seems like a decent spot. If you're an MMA fan, it looks like they show the PPVs on a regular basis. I guess we didn't stay long enough for me to form a negative opinion of Cadillac Ranch. Skimming other reviews, it appears to get a bad rap. As for me, I think it's A-OK.
4	As odd as it may sound, I was really happy with Cadillac Ranch as a family restaurant.  Oh, yes, there were the usual choices on the kids menu, but my daughter actually picked the grilled chicken breast, which was a welcome alternative to the usual. I always get the Kettle Chips as an appetizer, and they are really good!  Chips covered in bleu cheese and balsamic vinegar-yumm!  This time I tried the crab cake, and had I not eaten the chips first, I would have licked the plate clean. It was a nice crab cake with lots of crab meat and not too much filler. This was my second visit, and I'll be back!
3	Not bad.  The atmoshpere is great (4 stars) but the food average at best.  We went on Friday night specifically for happy hour got there 10 minutes before it ended by the time they seated us, it was 7:00 and we were told happy hour was over no exceptions.  Heard all about the great nachos only to be turned away because nachos aren't on the regular menu.Doubt if I'll ever go back.  Many better choices in Town Square anyway.
5	Come on a tuesday for the special (two entrees for the price of one) take advantage!
3	Great late night food, crowd is gangsta.
3	Bought a few Groupons awhile back and recently redeemed them before it expired.  The restaurant is located above the Yard House and next to Blue Martini in Town Square, or next to the Rave Motion Picture Theater.Price is not bad overall, especially if you consider their $5 appetizers, which is like HH pricing and you can order a lot of different food for a casual get together or while watching whatever game is on (you can request the game you want on the TV).Service is friendly. Orders does however take awhile to be delivered from the kitchen, at least the 2 times I was there when the restaurant wasn't even busy or at 25% capacity (Sunday at around noon and a Thursday afternoon around 5pm).Spinach, Artichoke and Jumbo Lump Crab Dip served with Crispy Flatbread was good. At $12.95 it is one of their most expensive appetizers, but you get good portions and the flatbread can get addicting.The only $5 appetizer I tried and liked was the Avocado Eggroll.  You get 1.5 fried eggrolls filled with creamy avocado, which I think is pricey for what it is, but it is yummy.The Philly Cheesesteak sandwich is just alright. What you get for $10.95 is huge portion, which can easily feed two people with a normal appetite. Their French Fries is good and you get a lot with the sandwich.Sirloin Steak and Shrimps - steak was nicely marked, but didn't have much flavor and the Demi Sauce that came with it was quickly used up.  The Tiger Shrimps with the scampi sauce was alright too.  I didn't want the Baked Potatoes side, so my waitress switched it with another side (broccoli).The dessert I tried was Chocolate Lovin' Spoon Cake.  You get a generous slice of cake, which is moist, but I also don't think they make this in house.Overall, I think it is a cool place to hang out and grab some food (nothing fancy or super delicious) while catching a game or taking a break from shopping.  I am sure it is a cool place to go to at night for an alternative clubbing experience, but I can't comment on that for lack of personal experience.  I do know that the restaurant is available for private functions, as they held a kid's birthday party in the patio seating area on my first visit, and blocked off 1/4 of the restaurant for a private get together on my second visit.Decor: 3/5  - can get pretty dark in there, but I like their oversize posters, and there are a lot of TVs with ESPN or some game on pretty much at all times.Food: 2/5 - Not going to win any James Beard awards, but most people come here for the drink specials and grab food as an afterthought.Price: 3/5Service: 4/5 - Friendly.Location: 4/5 - in the hip locals hangout/shopping/entertainment/dining spot off-Strip.* Mechanical Bull - has potential and just needs the right combination of a good operator and a hottie with a good kung-fu grip for the ride.
3	The service could be a little bit better here.  But it is a large enough restaurant and bar with both front and back outside patios.  The back patio has a bar there so you don't have to try to flag someone down for a drink.  I do have to say their appetizers were pretty good, during happy hour the appetizers were all $5 each.It is a little hard to compete with Blue Martini, since they are right next to each other.  Blue Martini has a bit more livelier and modern feel to it.  But those that want to have some drinks and get enough courage to ride the mechanical bull, with a laid back atmosphere, this would be a good place to go.  If you have out of town visitors that have the cowboys in them, they would feel right at home here!
3	Ok, so I ended up going here last weekend with some friends to grab a drink before seeing a movie. Everything else was packed and this was the only place we could grab a bar seat at for a quick beer. This experience was much better than the last one. The beer selection was pretty decent and the bartenders were great. Also, it was really entertaining to watch large drunk people ride the mechanical bull, I'm not sure why it was only large drunk people, but that night literally everyone that got onto the bull was. Awesome to watch! So I bumping this place up to 3 stars. On a busy weekend night they always seem to have some open seats at the bar or outside on the patio, they have drink specials 7 days a week, and the bartenders were great. And if you are really lucky, the mechanical bull gets used by really drunk large people.
3	Food AMAZING, atmosphere SUCKS.I asked my husband to sit next to me instead of across from me because the sports game was on so loud I had to yell across the table to speak to him.  I saw that some patrons were enjoying the game so I figured this place might be a popular place to sit and watch the game?  I couldn't wait to get my ass out of that restaurant, until the food came!  They have typical American food here.  I just had a salad but it was very, very good.  My husband had a bacon cheeseburger of some kind and he let me have a bite, and then two, and then three please!  I had to practice some serious discipline so that I didn't finish off his whole burger.  I might go back for the food but atmosphere is so important to me.  I really like to enjoy nice conversation with my guy, this place is definitely not the place for that.
3	Eh, this place is alright. I only check it out on a sunday night to watch that Islander local band play classic R&B hits in acoustic guitar.  Gotta give it up though, they're pretty good.  This place is pretty much empty on this day with Blue Martini taking up most of the crowd in this spot.  Wish the drinks were half off but I always seem to miss happy hours by just minutes since it ends at midnight.  Good calamari though, give t a try when you're here.Fridays and Saturdays attracts more crowd but I've never been inside to see how its like. When I'm here on a Saturday in Town Square, I always choose Blue M over this place.How come no one ever rides the bull?
2	Used to be a fun bar, not anymore. The food is ok. I won't be back anytime soon!
4	The g/f got a half price $30 certificate through Groupon, so we planned to go Friday after work to take advantage of the happy hour.  The happy hour has 1/2 price all drinks and $5 select appetizers and is from 4pm to 8pm.  We called to make reservations, but the lady on the phone said that there's no need since there is always plenty of room.  This lead me to believe that no one would be there, but when we got there, there was a good amount of people.  We had to wait about 5 minutes to get seated which wasn't a big deal.  The place was spacious, which was a plus.  We quickly ordered two apps and two drinks.  We had the sliders and calamari for the apps and I had the fleetwood long island while she had the platinum party drink.  The calamari was good, but not great.  The portion could have been about 1/3 bigger for the price.  The sauce it came with was very disappointing since it tasted just like a sweet chili sauce I use with my lumpia that I can by from the store for about $4.  Nothing special.  The sliders were very good, and my only complaint was that the tomato was under ripe. The fries they came with had a either kosher or sea salt on them which made them very tasty.  We also ordered the chicken taquitos from the happy hour menu.  They were pretty good, however I think a side of salsa would have made them better.  What made the experience special was the customer service that we received.  Apparently our appetizers were taking rather long to get out to us, however we didn't seem to notice.  I honestly feel as though our apps came out in a timely fashion.  The manager who was there came by before our appetizers arrived and apologized for the wait.  We told him that it was no problem.  Completely unprovoked, he then told us that the drinks were on the house.  They were half price already, but still was $12 for the two and we didn't even know that there was a problem.  WOW!  I've never experienced such treatment.  It wasn't until I noticed how quickly another table got their apps after they ordered them that I saw just how quickly they normally bring food out.The food was slightly average but the price of the food was a bit too high for what we got.  The drinks were very good.  I would have to say if it was not for the customer service, I would likely not have made the 40 minute drive for a second try, but I will likely make another trip out there.    Also, kids 12 and under eat free on Mondays from 11am to 10pm (with purchase of any full priced entree).  And free bull rides for all kids.
4	This was one of the first spots that I visited when I turned 21. I have to admit, Cadillac Ranch was the spot last summer. What is supose to be a restaurant, turns into a mini club at night. They play really good, music, and the place is clean and neat. The waitresses are too pushy, they are all up in your face trying to get you to buy drinks. This is definitely somewhere I would go to hang if I did not feel like being pushed around at a crowded club.
2	Yea... been here a Couple Times for LUNCH ... still ISN'T blowing my skirt up.The Service is mediocre at best... thankfully they serve REALLY BIG glasses of soda and water so that they don't have to attend to them that often.The Food is .... ok... nothing spectacular... but Not Horrible either.... really Middle of the Road... but in this town... that is not a good thing because there are too many other places (Yard House downstairs) that offer better fare.Ordered the Chopped Asian Salad... Note... this does not come with lettuce or mixed greens ... just chopped up asian cabbage, red cabbage, peanuts, chicken chunks, wonton strips and red onions... the menu said scallions which are fine by me... but if I knew it was red onions... I would have asked they be skipped as I don't care for red onions.  And the salad dressing... rice wine vinegar... was Too Sweet....  and sugar-y tasting for me.  Oh well... live and learn.My mom ordered the Pulled Pork Sliders... you get 3 good size sliders that are served with a small side of slaw and french fries.  They 'looked' better than they tasted.  The pork was Dry.... the Bun was old/stale.... and the bottom bun was soggy.  The BBQ sauce was ok... The NICE thing... is that if it's not crowded... you can sit on the patio... and that is OH SO LOVELY on a beautiful spring day.
4	Party hardy, rock and roll... Love this spot, good junk status bar food and STRONG DRINKS!
3	Service - excellentFood - mehCame in on a Thursday and it was so quiet you coulda heard a pin drop. Guess we missed the rush. Waiter was super friendly, as was the manager who checked in on us.Food was a major disappointment. We started with potato chips covered in cheese sauce and a balsamic reduction - pretty tasty. Sadly, though, we kept coming back to our appetizer because our entrees were a real disappointment.I had the barbeque chicken pizza which was a gigantic portion. Too bad it was so lackluster in flavor. The barbeque sauce was just a drizzle over the top, not the base of the pie. It was luke warm, hard to cut and just an overall downer of a dish.My date had macaroni and cheese and it was insanely bland. Seriously.On a positive note, vouchers from restaurant.com are inclusive of alcohol.
3	I'm reviwing first the restaurant.  3 STARSI came to Vegas for a business trip and had to find a place to eat and catch up with an old friend/colleague.  Another restaurant was packed and we decided to come here.  My friend had never been here and being a visitor, neither had I.  We were seated pretty quickly, as we walked past a mechanical bull (interesting).  My friend ordered the crab cakes and I ordered the shrimp pasta.  I wasn't in the mood for steak because my company had been feeding me like a king previously.  We both liked what we ordered and the bill was about $48 with tax and tip.  The waitresses were pretty good looking and even gave me some great recommendations for some hip-hop clubs.  They told me that the Cadillac Ranch turned into a night club after hours, so I came back to see what was poppin.Now, I''m reviewing it as a club.   3 STARSFirst of all, you can't beat the entrace fee of only $10 for out of state and $5 for the locals.  The music was pretty good for the most part and the crowd was mixed with both young and older folks.  There weren't that many good looking women but I wasn't there for that.  I just wanted to listen to some good music and people watch.  I give it 3 stars.  If you want better music and a better venue, I would recommend the Crown Night Club in the Rio.
2	This place is a BBQ/ all- American dining experience. It has mechanical bulls for the brave drunks and it was pretty packed yesterday. I haven't eaten here before; we were going to last night, but then one of my guy friends was in a tee-shirt and they wouldn't let him in. It's a BBQ place for Christ's sake- stop taking yourself so seriously!!
2	Food - 4 stars- We had some really tasty burger sliders and pulled pork sliders. The homemade chips were delicious albeit heavy.Service - 1 star- Although our waitress was as sweet as pie, the time it took for her to bring our drinks and foods was inexcusable. We also had a 20 minute wait to get seated when there were literally 10 people in the restaurant. Atmosphere - 3 stars- I could imagine that the place might be jumpin at night but we were there for lunch and it was DEAD. The mechanical bull is a nice touch though.If it weren't for a groupon I wouldn't have ever ventured into this place considering Blue Martini and Yard House are close by. It's also pricey, which I wouldn't mind if everything else was up to par.
1	I'm not sure where to really start to review this place.It is in a great location at Town Square, so it could be a good place to stop in if you were shopping there or going tothe movies there. It has kinda cool decor...sort of a rock n' roll theme with guitars on the wall and photos of people like Taylor Swift & Bon Jovi. The bar has lots of TVs for sports, too.We went in the afternoon, so it was really dead, which made me feel like the service should have been fantastic, but it wasn't. Our sever, Danielle, seemed to be stoned out of her mind. She talked really really slow, and said things like "restauarants are in my genetic make up" and "I can make recommendations 'cause I work here". She was nice enough, but there was visible dirt under her fingernails and she kept leaning all over the table to make her aforementioned recommendations...which kinda grossed me out.The food and drinks took FOREVER which, again, I couldn't understand since were were practically the only people there. We ended up ordering 2 appetizers (pulled pork sliders & cheeseburger sliders) and sharing. Both were served with french fries that were ICE COLD. The sliders were pretty good, but nothing spectacular.It took forever to get the check, and the bill came to over $30 for only the 2 appetizers, an iced tea, and a soda. So, in my opinion, WAY over priced!I can pretty much say with certainty, I won't be back.
1	Was 2 stars for very average bar food... until my four year old got sick off of their food.  Cute girls doing all the work, but no redeeming qualities after that.  Do yourself a favor and go to the Yard House downstairs instead.
5	Ask for Joey the bartender he is official!
4	We thought this was a party place, sadly we were mistaking, or we was ther at the wrong time or day. We went to Cadillac Ranch for dinner on a Thursday evening and it was dead.  The bull was broken it only swings it don't buck, but it still will cost you 4 bucks for a ride. Now that was the only down side to the experience. The food however was very delish! I had an avocado egg roll that was very yummy and ordered a burger. Friends had the steak and that too looked delish.  I would go back and hopefully it would be more packed and the party place I was hoping it to be LOL
3	This the second time I've eaten here. Both times the food was good. The blues band that was there was really good. I also liked the 1/2 price drinks.The first time the service was good. The second time we came for lunch and they only had a bartender doing drinks and waiting tables. She was not overly friendly and seemed to take a long time since there were only two tables.I would recommend giving this place a try. Maybe for dinner not lunch.
1	My first visit to Cadillac Ranch Las Vegas location was very disturbing. It revealed a culture of disrespect highlighted by inappropriate and unprofessional behavior. This culture of disrespect seemed to be fully reinforced by management who did not care to listen or address our immediate complaints.  Certainly such behaviors have a negative effect on Cadillac Ranch's profits and reputation, so I thought it worthwhile to address corporate management.Evidently, our bartender, Rachel (Bar3-t8), was not happy with the 10% tip we provided.  We were $1.50 short of 20% but we were not happy with her poor service.  She was belligerent loudly calling us "Cheap ass mofos",  instructing security to "get them out of here, they don't deserve to finish their drinks", and proclaiming, "this is my bar, don't come back."  We sat their dumb founded that she would treat customers with such disrespect. We quietly left the bar area to seek the manager.Our group of four never imagined or has ever experienced such disrespect. After spending $25 as entrance fee, $25 for hookah, and $29.23 at the bar,  a total of $79.23, we wanted to let the manager know we felt we paid too much for  the insults. However, to make matters worse, we were informed by an assistant manager, that the manager "was busy counting money" so we were to take his business card instead. Evidently, while he had time to count our $79.23, he did not have enough time to tend to our concerns.As we make our complaints to Yelp, the BBB and the corporate office of Cadillac Ranch we are left wondering what sort of abuse we might have experienced if we left no tip. Are tips required even for unsatisfactory service? It also begs the question, "Is this behavior condoned by corporate management?"  Or, "Will we get some meaningful action from corporate?" I know from running my own business and having worked at a Fortune 500 company that substantive changes do not happen overnight, nor did the degradation of customer service at Cadillac Ranch. Typically a signal needs to be sent throughout the organization so that even long after this incident, a line item exists showing a problem occurred and other line items are created to initiate a long-term solution. I suggest a refund of our $79.23 is the needed signal that will also give us reason to try your establishment again.
1	The restaurant was pretty empty when we walked in, yet no one was seating anyone. So we sat at the bar and ordered some drinks. My drink took 20 minutes because she had forgotten to make it. Mind you, not a crowded night at all. Actually, it was pretty quiet inside. Next, I ordered an appetizer, beer battered mushrooms and my friend ordered chips and salsa. Both were just average. Nothing special. Plus, the waitress/bartender was rude. Not a good experience at all.
1	I don't even know where to start. I'm fairly sure that this was the most atrocious experience I've ever had at a restaurant. At the bar, we were informed they were out of Bud Light. So my husband ordered another beer on tap. When the bartender placed it in front of him, the top was all foam. My husband politely asked the other bartender if she could top it off for him. She said, "Sorry, we have a one inch foam policy." We thought she was joking. When she just stared at us, he said, "Wait, are you serious?" "Yeah," she said. "I'm backing him up. That's our policy." WTF?! Our friend took out his phone and measured the beer with a ruler app. After the foam went down, the beer was an inch and a half below the rim of the glass. That's their policy?We were with a party of 40 for a wedding reception. They had lost our reservation, but it was dead so it didn't really matter. We were put outside on the patio. It would have been perfect, had we received any service. Any service at all. Not ONCE did a single employee come out to ask if we needed drinks, take our order, see if we needed anything, etc. The only people that had drinks were those of us that had ordered them from the bar inside. When the mother of the groom went inside to ask for service, she overheard a waitress tell a bartender, "I was JUST out there." Yeah, she was just out there, yet 3/4 of our party didn't even have water. Even when she came out afterward, she simply came to remove a glass, and was walking away when I stopped her to ask if she could please get some of us water since we had literally been there for 45 minutes and had nothing. Some people ordered appetizers from the bar because they couldn't take it anymore. They were also out of 4 appetizers that were on the menu. When the bartender came to deliver them outside, he said they were out of ranch dressing. I wondered aloud how a place could be out of Bud Light, ranch, and 4 different appetizers... He replied, "Oh, we're closing down. This is probably going to be our last night in business." Yup, he said he was dead serious. Now it all made sense. This was their last night open and none of the employees gave a sh*t. As the night went on, we learned that they DID in fact have Bud Light. It was in bottles, yet it was never offered when we tried to order it. They also had blue cheese dressing and chipotle ranch dressing, both of which were never offered when we asked for ranch. The parents of the bride had to go inside to order appetizers for everyone. Employees only came outside to deliver our food and take away empty plates. We were all left to our own devices if we needed anything else, whether it was water or napkins. All 40 of us were COMPLETELY ignored. There was one bartender who was very nice. When we mentioned that we learned this was their last night in business he said, "Where did you hear that? We're closing down, but not for a few more weeks." So the other guy just lied? This place had such great potential. The atmosphere was very House of Blues-ish. I liked it when I first walked in. Now all I can say is, I TOTALLY understand why they're going out of business. They don't value their customers at all.
1	Made reservations for July 29th concert. Picked out my table. Paid for my tickets and ok'd charge for 180.00 bottle service. Get to CR @ 10pm and find my table given away. When I made the reservation there was only one other reservation on the book. Tell me what the point was for mr to drive there and make early reservations only to show up and get a table thats right in front of a speaker. No one else sat next to a speaker. They offered a booth. However I ha mentioned to the girl that 2 of the people in my group were tall and larger so they would be more comfortable at a table.  And whats the deal with no Budwiser beer.  All in all I spent 300.00 by the end of the night and feel ripped off as I didnt get what I paid for. Concert started way late and headliners were cut short as they started one hour before closing time. Not impressed, no management available when I asked to speak to someone. I am not sure why this review did not post the day I wrote it. This is from an event on July 29,2011
1	I had a hamburger and it was disgusting. Yucky.
3	Good food! BBQ pulled pork sandwich was yummy, so was the wedge salad. Surprised it was so empty on a Sunday eve, but looked to be a fun bar for late night.
3	This was one of the few spots in the Town Square Mall we found that didn't look crowded so we decided to check it out.We ordered a bunch of comfort food, plates of tacos and fixings and there was a platter of fries as well.  We were completely "carbed up" after our trip to the movie theater nearby in the mall.  I guess after seeing the movie Red, (it was a bit of an action flick) you get a little hungry.  :)The server was continually on top of the action and made sure we had everything we needed.I looks like this place is somewhat of a night spot later in the evening which is totally not my scene but might be worth checking out if you are in the 20 something bracket.All in all I thought it was a good, solid place to get your standard burger, etc., fare and would probably try it again.
