5	This is a great place to try some traditional Mexican dishes that don't commonly show up on the menu at other Mexican places in the Valley. For example, it's the only place I've seen huitlacoche (or corn smut in English) on the menu, and I am definitely trying that quesadilla next time. The huarache con nopales that I ordered was huge and incredibly filing, stuffed with thin layers of beans and topped with salsa verde, a little bit of lettuce, queso fresco and nopales. If you want to try some authentic Mexican dishes that you won't find at other places, definitely come here.
4	If you are looking for HIDALGO Regional Cuisine look no further THIS IS THE REAL DEAL!Brain Cheese Crisp , Cactus Soup , Tacos De Cabeza , Huitlacoche (corn Smut) Barbacoa (Hidalgo State Dish) , Mixiotes and much more .This place is located in a small strip mall (all Mexican) behind another business so it is hard to see from the road the name is EL TLACOYO . The cheese crisps or as our waitress call them quesadillas  (a long list of many to try) are really more like flaky crispy dough pockets in a half moon shape  . I didn't have the acquired taste for the corn smut that is considered to be a delicacy or the pumpkin flower either but that is just me because these are very special dishes .I do have to say as far as chicken burritos go mine was a five star burrito since it was so much tastier than any I had before . The chicken was white meat carefully shredded , very moist and very flavor able with lots of minced onion and cilantro some tomato through out . You can order enchilada style baked with sauce and cheese or without I choose without and really enjoyed the two sauces they give you to try the jalapeno cream sauce that is very layered with flavors and the smokey creamy chili sauce both sauces are EXCELLENT but are spicy maybe a seven out of ten .I remember seeing lots of Mexican Fish dishes on the menu,I think I saw goat? and I know I saw tripe .This place is not fancy but is extra special and adds to the diversity of the area and is WELL WORTH a Try!
5	Like the other reviewers have commented....I second their thoughts this is the Real Deal! El Tlacoyo gets 5 Stars for Best Tortas and Authentic Regional Mexican Food from the state of Hidalgo. I originally found about El Tlacoyo Located on the West-Mesa/Tempe border from a good friend many years ago who spoke fluent Spanish learned while serving as a missionary in Mexico. He said the food was awesome and is one of a kind or a hidden, Diamond in the rough! Found nowhere else in Phoenix!To start with you will be the only Gringo's in this place but fear not they have menus in both Spanish and English. By far we LOOOOVE the giant fully stuffed, Saturday ONLY BBQ Lamb Tortas. Oh my what great flavor! Just seven bucks each. We stock up on 4 or 5 of them and deep freeze them at home. This is what earns them Five Stars!The flavors here are a bit on the spicey side with an awesome creemy green chili hot sauce and a sharp red chili too! The combo plates are one of a kind and these guys make some great Civiche y Mariscos. The Shrimp Fajitas are to die for!!! Most dishes come with Mexican black beens and rice with the authentic cheese toppings. Best of all the prices are great with a Ninos menu too and a nice atmosphere with the music alive and an occasional Fotbol game on the TV!!!    VIVA EL TLACOYO!
4	El Tlacoyo truly feels more Mexican than being in Mexico. I know because I've been in Mexico a few times. You do get something different here and it is Hidalgo Regional Cuisine. Some dishes might be cactus soup, head meat tacos, huitacoche cheese crisp (Mexican Truffle or corn smut) Barbacoa (the Hidalgo State Dish) and Mixotes. They start you off with two sauces and chips. The green sauce might be an some sort of smooth avocado cream thin sauce that's very spicy and VERY delicious. The red sauce has smoked chills in it and is also very good.We started with the whats considered to be a delicacy the huitacoche crisp (corn smut or Mexican Truffle). It really was the real deal and was what I tried in Mexico. I liked it much more than last time as it did seem different and not as saucy or cheesy I had it here. It's very earthy and different. This time I ordered one of the fish dishes and it was the fish with chili. They gave me a WHOLE FISH. I could tell IT WASN'T A FROZEN FISH as it was VERY FRESH with very SWEET MEAT and was very moist. The fish was very nicely seasoned and was FRESH and DELICIOUS. The fish it's self really was one of the BEST fish dishes I've tasted in Arizona and it was only $11.99. The sides were the usual sides you get at most Mariscos (Seafood) Restaurants, they were rice beans and fries with tortillas.My husband tried the shrimp diablo. ($11.99) It was spicy smokey and slightly sweet. The shrimp were fresh and prepared well. This dish came with rice beans and tortillas.Service was good and efficient. The menu is English on one side and Mexican on the other side.El Tlacoyo is NOT A FANCY PLACE at all being very basic but it is a Special Place as you go for the food.El Tlacoyo is a little hard to find because it's in a tiny strip mall behind another building but it's worth a try because it's A TRUE GEM.4.5 Stars
1	The food was heavy, americanized "Mexican" food.  Authentic mexican food is so fresh and this was far from fresh.  The prices were very high for such low quality.  Al pastor was soggy and unrecognizable and quesadillas were fried masa.
4	El Tiacoyo is not your usual Mexican Restaurant. It's Hidalgo Regional Cuisine. That means you can order things like cow foot tacos, cactus soup, head meat tacos, sausage and intestine tacos, huitiacoche cheese crisp, barbacoa, mixotes and so much more!They have weekend specials this past weekend it was lamb tacos but on past visits I saw goat and brain tacos.They start you off with chips and a creamy green very spicy sauce thats very good and a smokey red sauce that's also good and less spicy. We got the huitiacoche  (also known as corn smut or Mexican Truffle) cheese crisp. It's not the Americanized watered down version it's the real stuff. Very earthy and interesting. From what I tried so far from here I've found that they do very good fish dishes here very reasonably priced. They don't use that cheap tilapia or muddy tasting swai fish like other places use. From the two fish dishes I tasted it seems like a very fresh sweet snapper kind of fish. This time I tried what they called grilled fish. When I saw it I thought they gave me the wrong thing because I received an aluminum envelope filled with very moist very fresh tasting fish cooked in juices from tomato and onions and a little butter. By looking at the envelope I think they cooked it on the grill. This dish came with average rice and beans and tortillas. My husband tried the chicken enchiladas, They were made with very fresh tasting chicken and were or mostly were just filled with chicken. The green chili sauce that topped them was very heavy with lime juice.I should mention that this place is not fancy and is very raw looking so you only come here for the food and not the ambiance. It's also hard to see from the street because it's located behind another building.4.5 stars I didn't round up to 5 because of the average rice and beans and lack of atmosphere
4	Real authentic Mexican food. great beff tongue tacos and chicken tacos. I'd stay away from the taco tripa not for me. Definitely will be back to this spot
4	This is a really great spot in Tempe. Authentic menu with lots to choose from. We seated ourselves and servers were quick to provide chips and salsa. Coke is served from the bottle which is a nice touch. The food was great. Ordered beef head, beef tongue and sausage and cactus soft tacos, along with a bean and cheese burrito with red enchilada sauce. The beef tongue taco was incredible and instantly became one of my favorite tacos. I highly recommend this place for authentic Mexican food in town. P.S. Get the beef tongue tacos!
4	Closed on Wednesdays, otherwise limited hours. Have not found  hours for them posted online and when they do not answer the phone, there is no way of knowing.  Had to drive there yesterday just to find out.
4	Recommend the beef head and tongue. The lamb taco is really two so well worth it. Very authentic and if you are looking for real authentic Mexican tacos then this is the place!
5	I am afraid to write this review, for fear of it becoming super busy!If you are coming here for the decor you will be disappointed. But if you are coming for some amazing food (and aren't a spice wuss), you will be blown away.  The service from the lone female server is always sweet and quick, despite a bit of a language barrier (...if you're a silly gringo who only speaks English, that is).I shy away from meats, including the more interesting offerings here, but anything I've had that is vegetarian, or vegetarian after my slight adjustments to the menu, are delish.  Annoyingly closed on Wednesdays.Bonus: keep up to date on your telenovelas while you dine!
5	It's been awhile since I picked up food from here!  I miss there Cabeza Tortas!!!   They are tender and full of flavor especially with their sauces!!  We used to pick up food from here all the time when I worked in Tempe!!!   I miss it!!!
3	The tacos were awesome. Very authentic Mexican food....they also have a children menu which is very beneficial to me cuz I act like a 3 year old from time to time.
4	My mom asked me where I wanted to go for dinner this evening. And El Tlacoyo popped in my head. I haven't been here since I was like 12 years old and everything I had today reminded me why this place has stuck in my mind.  This place is in a little strip mall and there is a nicest girl attending all the tables. She paid great attention to every guest. So now to the food, this place is authentic food of the state of Hidalgo, Mexico so it's pretty spicy. Since my mom is vegetarian We had huaraches with cactus (nopalitos) which was perfect, just like my Nana cooked them. The nopalitos were tangy and cooked perfectly. We also got a quesadilla with huitlachoche and a quesadilla with pumpkin flower, I would highly recommend the pumpkin flower. The taste was subtle and a nice contrast to the salsa. In addition to that I had the BBQ lamb taco, this did make me disappointed because the lamb was very dry and under seasoned. All in all if you aren't afraid of spice and want epic Mexican food this is the place. Beware they are closed on Wednesdays.
5	A little background on the Mexican state of Hidalgo where this style of food emanates from.  It's located somewhere between Vera Cruz and Mexico City.  It's rich in history dating back to the Aztecs.  Lots of indigenous people that make up much of the population.  Mainly a Catholic country but a fairly large Jewish population dating back to the Spanish Inquisition where some Jews settled in Hidalgo to escape a doomed fate.  The restaurant is located in the Hispanic section of Tempe on University Blvd. It's in a small strip shopping center.  Not fancy by any means, but if your yearn for authentic Hidalgo/Mexico City style food then you are truly in for a treat.  If you are like some Gringos who always ask " Is the dish spicy"? You might not want to come here.  Some dishes are meant to be spicy and that's just how it is prepared.  You can find dishes with less of a kick though.  The menu is quite large and you have some very different recipes you don't find everywhere.   One side of the menu is written in Spanish and the other side is English.  Lots of street tacos to chose from.  Example Longaniza Con Nopoles (mild sausage and cactus).  Hubby ordered it and I tasted.  It was so delicious. The street tacos are cheap.  $1.75.  It was a pretty good size.  Main dish he ordered was Beef Tongue (Lingua) in a Burrito.  It was a huge burrito stuffed to the gills with of course rice and beans.  Lots of Combination plates, sea food, soups, Tortas, Specials on the weekends of BBQ lamb dishes.  The young lady who waited on us was so sweet.  She is the niece of the owner.  So you get that family feeling here.  If your looking for a trendy beautiful place then you better turn around. If you are looking for something very special this is the place.  I had the Chicken Enchiladas with green sauce.  Very yummy with a definite different take on it.  It has a hint of lime in the flavor.  When your food is served it is brought over with a bowl of chopped onions (incredibly sweet) a bowl of chopped cilantro, and a bowl of lemons. Like a salsa bar brought to your table.  The chips and salsa was another story.  The chips were meaty and dry which we like.  The red salsa is really hot, the avocado creme salsa was wonderful.  First bite was very hot and then either you get used to it or get addicted to it.  My the second bowl of it I was scared I would have heartburn from it.  Absolutely didn't happen.  One of the owners came over to us to see if we enjoyed our meal.  Very sweet lady.  Let me add this comment.  On all of our plates was not a sign of any oil used in cooking it.  I hate when a dish is sitting in a puddle of oil.  Will be back here again.
5	Certainly a diamond in the ruff. Everything i've had on their menu has been authentically super duper good! Not your typical greasy mess, I actually don't feel bad after eating here. The free chips and salsa they serve are bomb; chile relleno, camarones el diablo, and tortas are some of the best I've had in the valley. Try it out!!!!
5	Only positive to say about this place! (Okay maybe one mild negative, if you can call it that.) Their food is delightful, very spicy but definitely authentic. I went on a search after finding out what a tlacoyo was and found this gem. It's in a mini "strip mall" not really but that's all I got, next to a 7-11. You go for the food not the ambiance. Only downside was I am trying to learn Spanish and went in a spoke to the women on Spanish...not Spanglish, Spanish...and she would only respond to me on English. I wasn't trying to offend, I really just want to practice my skillz!Check this place out if you're on the area, have a taste for spicy food and want real Mexican, not that chipotle filibertos garbage. Yum.
2	Upon entering, the first thing I noticed was no air conditioning. Its 106 outside and NO AC???? Sat down and the waitress brought over chips, salsa, and some yellow/greenish kind of dip. The chips were stale. The salsa was OK. The greenish/yellowish stuff was crappish. I got an Iced tea. Although there was some ice in it, it wasn't cold. Then I ordered a burrito, which came with rice and beans. The burrito was ok, as were the rice and beans. My iced tea was never refilled. Not sure I would have wanted any more though. The iced tea just wasn't very good.The whole time, there was a soccer game on all the TV's in the place. The same game was on all the TV's but the audio was several seconds off on each TV. Very annoying.Summary: just OK. I shan't go back.
5	El Tlacoyo won't win any beauty pageants, which makes it my kind of place. They had a bunch of stuff on the menu that I wasn't familiar with, so I asked for some help and ended up getting the huarache con costilla. My order came out pretty quick and I promptly enjoyed the fiesta in my mouth for the next 20 minutes or so.
1	Before you go to this restaurant be sure that you can handle very spicy food. We had asked our waitress how spicy the food was that we were ordering and she told us that it was mild. When we got our food we could not even eat it it burned our mouths and throats so badly. The waitress was very good at playing dumb. We will never go back here
