4	YUM. So many yums. I tried Slide for the first time today as a departure from my usual Banzo and it was great. (I'm not comparing them, though--the genres are so different that it's not really possible.) First, the naming. What is more clever than a pulled pork slider named Wilbur? Nothing is, that's what. Second, the food. I got a Buff Chick (buffalo chicken) and a Wilbur, and both were delicious. And each slider comes with homemade chips PLUS your choice of side.The only things I didn't like:-The spiciness of the Buff Chick; I had quite the coughing fit after the first bite. I have zero tolerance for spicy food, though, so maybe a buffalo chicken sandwich wasn't the smartest choice.-Both my little burgers got very wet sitting in their meat juices in their little box as I carried them to work. One of the buns was partly disintegrated by the time I could eat it. Sad.-The bun/meat ratio was a little much for me. I do like to have enough meat on a slider, but these were overflowing! A tad bit less meat would be way easier to eat.But the cart staff are nice, and I'm sure as their business grows, they'll make adjustments here and there. Now that I know I like Slide, I'm planning my return trips to try the rest of the menu...
4	Yum. I had my hater pants on and thought....sliders?  Blah.  Nothing special.  Then I read her menu!  She named her pulled pork sandwich, Wilbur.  It intrigued me.  I ordered the Wilbur and the Superball (a meatball with mozzarella inside).  It comes with a side of your choice.  All of this was only $7 and I could not finish it!  The sliders are not your typical two bite sandwiches.  They are absolutely filling.  The pulled pork was delicious, moist and flavorful.  The meatball was was soft and saucy.  Perfect mini meatball sandwich.  My only complaint was her pasta salad lacked flavor.  It did nothing for the amazing meal.
5	I had the 'Powerball' at Taste of  Madison and it was great! There was a lot of melted cheese inside the huge meatball and the marinara sauce wasn't too spicy but it wasn't bland either. Yum!
5	This  cart is bold.  Really bold.   They serve a variety of sliders, but bypass the familiar (and often grand) burger slider.  Even bolder, they hauled everything over to Science Dr., which can be a wasteland for like operations.They can get away with it because it is obvious, based on their menu, they step their sliders up a whole 'nother level.  Everything (even the vegetarian options) read so appetizing.  The dribbles were making my way to my chin.  It would be embarrassing, but  I'm sure they see it all the time. Their service was very friendly and efficient.  My order was styrofoamed in two minutes.I was in the mood for Italian, but also wanted something spicy to battle my sinuses. I opted for two mix/match sliders and chips combo.  The sliders were; "Powerball" - homemade marina-soaked juicy meatball stuffed with gooey mozzarella with deliciously fresh basil leaves floating in the sauce & "Italy on Wisconsin" -- a roma tomato and fresh mozzarella slice topped with the basil, olive oil and balsamic vinegar.  Too finish it off, I had to snag the handmade thick-cut potato chips with garlic wasabi!  The meatball slider was perfect old school Italian-American with a touch of class stepping it up with basil and perfectly oozing mozzarella.  Even better was the incredible "Italy on Wisconsin" - AKA 'Caprese Salad on a Bun"; I never thought that it could work so well, but it was, so fresh and saliva inducing, I wanted more!  Of course their buns are perfect (don't say that in the wrong company)!  Finally, I finished with the chips.  There was a massive mound of perfectly crispy, crunchy and salted real potato-ey goodness.  The wasabi sauce was sinus-clearing and delicious -- the garlic was a light undercurrent, but added to its robust flavor. The budget gourmet lunch was only $8.00!  It was certainly more satisfying than grabbing a Pop Tart from vending or walking further for a bland sub or a slice of grease-drenched pizza.  You gotta have this.  I will go as many times as they will return to Science Dr.  I'm almost certain that I'll love everything they offer.
4	Holy buffalo chicken slider! Yum!At first thought when seeing this cart, I was like.....Oh great another standard hamburger. Then my intuitive menu reading skills kicked in and I decided to give it a go. How excited was I!!!!!!!! Super excited.Turns out this food cart has all the greatness of interesting sliders packed into it. I'm pretty much trying to say that it was excellent.My go to is the Powerball, a huge meatball stuffed full of tasty mozz. cheese. But don't stop there is your going to eat at this cart. I suggest doing the 3 slider meal and try to be creative. Don't pass up on the homemade chips and slaw. They are just as fantastic as they sound.This cart has a lot of good things going for it.I live on the far east side of Madtown and can not wait to see this cart again next summer at the far east side farmer's market (by the east side Great Dane) every Wednesday evening. I'll say it again, Yum!
4	I'm sad that Slide is heading down to the Capitol! I'll miss their options on Library Mall -- sometimes I'd feel like a little Italian, sometimes BBQ, sometimes something totally different.Their chips are great and I love their dip choices. I love the caprese sandwich so much! The beet one is a little strange, but exciting.I've never been disappointed by Slide .. except that they're moving. :(
5	Slide Food Cart catered an outdoor event for 120 people on the Summer Solstice.  The menu selection was outstanding; food was delicious; service was incredible.  Christine was flexible, creative, and very professional (so were the staff).  Our guests raved about the food and how cool the caterer was... and I didn't lift a finger.  Slide Food Cart helped make it a perfect event and I would call them, again, without hesitation.
4	Appearing one lunch hour next to my office, this little food cart was a perfect pick-me-up for a Monday lunch hour!  I tried the Buff Chick slider which was outstanding and spicy!  I also had the coleslaw which was deliciously not drenched in mayo dressing but rather a light vinegary sauce.  To top it all off, they had OUTSTANDING house made potato chips with dipping sauce.  We tried the curry ketchup and wasabi garlic...which both tied for being outstandingly different and delicious!  Word on the street is they will be back in a few weeks, corner of Whitney Way and University Ave!  Can't wait!
4	I got the buffalo chicken slider and the pulled pork slider. Both were really good. I also got the chips which were good as well. I also got the spicy ketchup which wasn't very spicy at all but it was still good!
5	This is amazing!   They came to my work and it was beyond delish.  I had a beet slider and a mozarella/tomato/balsamic slider.  Highly recommend it!
5	Slide has delicious buffalo chicken sandwiches and they offer a GLUTEN FREE bun that is actually good! So this GF girl (not GF by choice, mind you) can finally eat a damn buffalo chicken sandwich like a damn AMERICAN again. Their housemade chips are delightful. Try them with the buffalo ketchup. And the ladies who work the cart are always upbeat and nice. And the prices ain't bad either.
5	Slide Food Truck catered lunch on the day of my wedding (we got married at a campground), and I cannot overstate how fantastic they were. The food was delicious - everyone could not stop talking about it. We had an assortment of sandwiches and each one was awesome, and of course, the chips were amazing. Plus, the women working the cart were so friendly and accommodating - they could not have been nicer. I would recommend that anyone considering a food truck for their wedding look these ladies up. They are as good as it gets.
5	Last time, I gave Slide four stars instead of five, because of spiciness and burger bun disintegration. It has now been made clear to me that I just hadn't found MY slider, because today I tried the Mr. Sweet Potato Head. It was perfect. The sweetness of the potato, combined with the kick of the curry sauce, was amaaaazing - and the bun held up this time! Chips are awesome, service was friendly and quick, and I love the prices. Very very happy with the progress Slide's made.
