3	Nice resort located in downtown Chandler. The rooms are spacious and fairly comfortable . Chill by the pool and sip on a margarita from the pool bar.
5	Did I mention I just love downtown Chandler? Well, I do. And one of the reasons I do is The San Marcos Hotel.Now I can read and because I can I know that the name is officially the "Crowne Plaza San Marcos Golf Resort". But to all of us Arizona long-timers, it's just the San Marcos. It has a nicer ring to it anyway. Dr. Alexander J. Chandler (the city's namesake) built the San Marcos in May 1912, just after Arizona was added as the 48th state. The resort is a prime example of Mission Revival architecture. It features lush, well-maintained grounds and a lovely courtyard and fountain. And even though the resort sits right off Chandler's main drive, once you are inside the grounds you feel a million miles away. The lobby of the San Marcos is graciously decorated with hardwood floors, leather seating and decorative wrought iron. They also have a lot of antique photographs from Chandler's by-gone days which I found interesting. The staff were all attentive and smiled a lot, without being annoying. The room we had was spacious, clean and very comfortable. Our room also had a lovely balcony, and I was told all rooms either have one or if on the ground floor, their own patio. Perfect for morning cocoa or coffee. Best of all, I got to choose from SEVEN different pillows, for gosh sake. Now that's luxury!Other amenities include the golf course, pool area, two restaurants, and the 1912 lounge. Highly recommended!
5	This place is awesame I'd stay there again in a heartbeat! They have everything you could possibly ever need incl. golf & tennis of course. We stayed here for a conf the room was plenty spacious with your own patio. You even get a "Sleep Kit" it came w a relaxing cd soothing sounds, an eye mask, and a lavender mist personally being a girly girl I was ecstatic. I spent 2 days there and loved every minute the staff was friendly and helpful in every corner. I thought the food was even good here to my surprise! I thought it was super easy to find coming from the 202 right off the frwy cant miss the place it is huge. I did not fear for my safety in this part of town my only regret is not getting out to see this part of Chandler more. I will be back, but only for more leisure next time!
1	This is a review for my stay back in July 2008. To be honest, I was expecting a lot more from this hotel based on reviews I've read both here and in travel magazines.  I figured that this would be a different place to stay at compared to the Tempe and airport hotels I've previously stayed at.  However, I will say that I wouldn't go back to this hotel even if someone paid me to.Here's the low down:- Like the Marriott Buttes in Tempe, the rooms are separate from the check-in area.  I had the great opportunity to be placed on the far side of the property where it looked pretty sketchy at night.  Sure it was near the tennis courts but no one was there in the morning or at night.  There were literally five cars parked on the far side of the hotel.  - Bugs sometimes made their way into my room by way of the fact that the door doesn't sit snugly in the frame.  There must have been at least  1/2 an inch between the floor that leads to the open air hall (think 1970s apartment complex with railings).- The air conditioner broke down on me in the middle of the night and, mind you, this was in the middle of the summer.  I woke up with sweat pouring down my face and had to call the hotel handyman to come.  - The fitness center is really small and doesn't have a water cooler.  It's also lacking in terms of equipment and towels.- The area is in the middle of a dead zone in Chandler.  I know that there is a small restaurant/shopping area close by but the area is lacking.
2	Stayed here this weekend for two nights. I was accompanying a friend to a work Banquet. We recieved a handcapped accessible room.I was underwhelmed with the actual hotel some of the problems with our room included:Blood stained comforters,The shower handle fell off in my handThe shower nozzle for overhead rain shower took ALOT of work to get it working.The closet door was brokenStained CarpetThe ice machine was impossible to find and I just went into the resturant to get ice the bartender (?) wasn't very helpful when I asked wher/e the machine was she said "it's right there by your room" gee thanx lady! probably wouldn't pick this hotel for another stay.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          That being said, The bed and pillows were comfy there was very little noise/lots of proivacy and the housekeeping staff was really great when thinsg were brought to their attention.
2	We had our sales meeting here for the second year in a row. Last year, I had a noisy, smelly HVAC unit, two burned out lamp bulbs, a broken alarm clock, a toilet with run-on issues, and a decent bed. Although my room was in better shape this year, it still had a burned out light bulb in the desk lamp. The bed was hard and lumpy, with springs I could feel, poking me in my posterior. It was NOT worth $139 a night... It's more like a $59 a night room, although the amenities available here are worth something. But hey, if you're there for a sales meeting, who has time to use them when you're in class or banquets all day and night? I've had much better rooms in Hampton Inns and Holiday Inns.A lady I work with had a similar experience with her room. She did not like it. "Dirty," she said.The food service for our sales meeting was above average. The hotel does a very good job with banquets. Only breakfast was average. Lunches were average to above average, and dinner was above average.I didn't play golf, although several folks who did said it was adequate.The meeting rooms themselves are old and tired. The air wall that separates the main ballroom in half is old and not much of a sound barrier. AV support is sorely lacking. Wireless microphones kept going in and out due to bad cables. Levels weren't set properly. In one instance, a speaker was right behind a podium, and when the mic went on, people grabbed their ears as a howl of feedback shocked everyone to near cardiac arrest! That happened several times.Wired Internet is free in the guest rooms for Priority Club members, but it costs almost $250/day for wireless Internet in the meeting rooms. Folks, that is just highway robbery. The bar near the pool is small, but very well stocked, and it adjoins a pretty decent 3.5 star restaurant (my rating).A Starbucks coffee shop is in the courtyard near the pool, by the street. The hotel lobby is very nice. it leads to the restaurant, which I mentioned above. Upstairs, there are a number of meeting rooms that are good for small groups. One of them is a small, theater-like conference room. I don't think we'll go back here... It wasn't worth it. They need too much maintenance and a hefty dose of pricing reality. If they really want to be a four star hotel, they need better quality control, an updated ballroom with state-of-the-art sound, and campus-wide, free meeting Internet baked into the price. They have the food service. They just need attention to other details.
4	I spent three nights here on business. The Crowne Plaza was probably the best hotel I've stayed at for work. Everything is spotless, and it has a luxurious feel. The room was nice, clean, and the bed was comfortable. I might be knit picking but I think the rooms could use a slight update. Nothing huge, I would just rather a nicer TV, and more lights. There is a Starbucks on site, and a restaurant. I just walked next door to the San Tan Brew Pub, or Murphy's Law instead. It was nice in February, but only being 65 or 70 I didn't use the pool. It did look nice, and the pool area and all the court yards were clean. If I was going to visit the Phoenix area on my own time I'd consider staying here. I was very happy that the company put me up here.
2	We stayed here last week as our kids were participating in a Swim Meet next door at the High school. Breakfast was bad, eggs were cold and kinda burned, how can anyone burn an egg!! The double beds in the kids room, were in poor shape, they literally buckle up as you lay down. And here is the worst of all, the Meet was going to be over at noon which is check out time, when we asked the manager to do a late check out for just one hour so the kids can take showers before we head out to the Airport, the manager had a real bad attitude and said he will let us stay an extra hour if we pay for an additional half a day!!! To think of all the money the team spent at that place!!!Double check your bill for accuracy, as they had by "mistake" one night at a higher rate.They get two stars for location to both High School and Downtown.
5	The wedding that never was...My (ex) fiance and I planned our entire wedding through San Marcos Crowne Plaza.  Their prices cannot be beat, they have a BEAUTIFUL site with countless options, their catering choices are excellent, their quote price includes an amazing cake from Robert's Cakes, and their wedding coordinator is SUPER helpful and nice.I looked at literally EVERY SINGLE OTHER wedding site in town.  Boojum, the castle, golf courses, blah blah blah... I went there.  All over-priced and under-pretty.  Now that I have written this review I will likely never be able to get a Saturday wedding scheduled here again... but oh well.  More power to them!
3	Nice rooms, very nice pool, enormous hot tub, and a safe, and convenient location by lots of restaurants, bars, coffee, and shops were the major positives for the San Marcos Crowne Plaza. The building itself is older, in need of a little freshening up, and is not designed well which leads to really long walks from the car or lobby.I am also not a fan of the additional $8 a day 'resort free' that everyone is required to pay in addition to the room rates. It covers parking, wi-fi, and a free bottle of water. I was hoping for gold chips in the water but no luck. I rarely order room service but did here. We placed our order for breakfast the night before. Our food arrived 45 minutes later then it was supposed to and tasted average at best. I don't recommend their room serves, especially with other nice restaurants around, both on site and in walking distance. I give them 3 stars as overall, it is a nice hotel.  However, there was nothing outstanding other than the huge ostrich statue in the lobby.
5	Real nice! Lots of cool shops around.
5	Wound up getting married here after all!  On 6/23/2010 we utilized all my same ideas - and it was fantastic.  Better groom, same perfected wedding!
2	Ugh, this place is annoying. Good: Wifi, 'cuzzi, big room.Bad: Horrible view, room kinda smelled funny, forced to change rooms with only 1 bed for 3 people.Blargh!!
3	Considering the options around, this hotel is pretty good.  Certainly old, but holding its end of the bargain.  The food is OK, nice pool, very quiet and peaceful yet downtown Chandler.  My room was really dark, almost a cave although I reserved the higher end rooms, but other than that, decent hotel.
1	The loudest place I've ever tried to relax and sleep in.  Absolutely ridiculous!
3	I picked the Crowne Plaza San Marcos Resort to stay because I like their hotels. I have to say my favorite Crowne Plaza is down in Redondo Beach California right next the pier luv that place! I had a room on the 4th floor and it had a little balcony with chairs that over looked the court yard, which was nice. When I first checked in and went to the room I noticed right off the bat there was no mini fridge, maybe I am just spoiled to think that every room should have fridge, especially in the valley where its hot outside, and one would think people would like to have their drinks chilled in the room by other means besides ice. Also the room didn't have a mini microwave. But I was ok with that. Now why would I expect to see this? Because that was what I had in California and just assumed it was part of Crowne Plaza room experiences. The room did have a king bed, sofa, the desk, little vanity station, private bathroom and the normal coffee tables & drawers and the room was clean. I did go back to the front desk to inquire about the mini fridge, thinking by some odd chance it was forgotten, but I was told that a fridge could be placed in the room for an additional charge of 10 bucks a night...wow really? However after a minute the front desk clerk did give me the mini fridge for the weekend at no additional charge. The pool area was very nice looking; however I didn't bring my suit with me so I didn't get the chance to check it out.  The tv in the room had very bad reception, very fuzzy and sound was bad, I did report this to the front desk after about after a few hours after checking in and complained that the tv wasn't up to par, they told me that the repair man had gone home already and that someone would look at it on Sat, well I can report no one did, only 2 channels came in clear and that was Comedy Central & the weather ch.,, needless to say TV didn't get played. The hotel wasn't loud, in fact never heard anything outside of the room. Crowne Plaza San Marcos Resort did not live up to my experience in California, but I still enjoyed my weekend.
2	I didn't choose this hotel, but "won" it on the Priceline lottery.  I have had good luck in the past when using Priceline, but after finding out what hotel accepted or price and reading the reviews on here, I wasn't too excited.When we pulled up to the hotel the first time, it looked nice and the lobby isn't over the top, but also nicely kept and decorated.  They did have our reservation wrong - they had us with a king sized bed and in a smoking room.  We wanted non-smoking and 2 beds.  The registrar changed it without a problem.  We got to our room and literally the first thing we saw when we walked in the room was a dead cockroach on the floor.  Granted, it was dead, but it was big and that just lead me to believe there would be more.  Thankfully, there weren't.  There was also a very stale and musty odor in the room - it was pretty clear no one had stayed in this room for a long time.  After we opened it up a bit, the smell dissipated.  The room was pretty plain and typical, but to rate this as a 3 1/2 star hotel, I would have expected at least a flat screen tv.  Also, the beds were horrible!  The mattresses were hard and clearly old.  They were both bowed in the middle.  I sleep on my side and I woke up each morning with a sore shoulder.  One thing I will say about this hotel was that it was QUIET!  I always worry about noise when we have our kids with us, but I didn't hear a sound.  There was a wedding one of the nights we stayed there and even then, I didn't hear anything.  However, I think that had more to do with the fact that there was no one actually staying there!  It was over a holiday weekend and the parking lot was practically empty.  Granted, it was 100 degrees and we are probably the only people that left San Diego to go to Phoenix that weekend, but it ended up working to our advantage.  The pool was well maintained and again, we were literally the only ones in it.  The only pool complaint I have was from the last day of our stay.  They were trimming the palm trees in the pool area and there was palm stuff all over - including in the pool.  My husband was stung by a wasp that I assume were disturbed by all the trimming.Overall, it wasn't bad, but a little pricey for what it actually is.  I would have gladly paid around $90/night for this place instead of the $120 that I actually did.  And when we got our bill, there was an $8/night resort fee.  This isn't a resort - it's a hotel.  There isn't anything special about the San Marcos and I probably won't stay here again, but if you land here like I did, it's tolerable.
1	My review is for the Golf Course as I've never stayed at the hotel.This course was one of the first courses in Arizona to have grass on it and has hosted a number of U.S. Presidents in it's time. It is a staple of the City of Chandler, and it is surrounded by beautiful large custom homes. The course has gone through it's share of ups and downs during it's almost century long existence, and unfortunately it seems to be at it's worst right now. I played on this course this last Sunday and was so disappointed. There was hardly any grass left on the course, the sand traps were like concrete, and the greens were in terrible shape. One of the pro's said that the course is in receivership and they are hoping someone will buy it and bring it back to it's once great self. As of right now they are placing band-aids on it and it shows. I would call ahead and ask the shape of the course before playing, and until they at least start watering it again, I'd avoid it. Very sad.
1	Rating the golf course, horrible!!  Thank goodness there was no one in front of us and we zipped around the course.  They clearly stopped maintaining the course.  Bunkers are concrete, after a few times in them I decided to take it out and not bother hitting it.  No grass around the greens and the greens couldn't hold the ball worth a darn.  One green did have gravel on it, I putted the ball and it wiggled all over the place.  I'm glad I only played there for 15 bucks, which included the golfnow fee.  If your a horrible golfer I'd play there.
2	Hopefully it will be the only & last christmas party held at this place. Several couples where staying after the christmas party, the service was so bad we all had to leave. I realize this hotel is in a very very very bad area of town, however if you treat all of your guests as if they are scum that had just walked in off the street, that will be the only people that ever come in. Oh and you can let the bar tender & manager know we went somewhere else and tipped over 200 dollars alone, sorry they missed our buisness. The roons where average.
1	Went here for Christmas brunch 2011.  With a reservation, had to wait 30 minutes and then go remind the staff we were waiting.  I had to find our table (#41) for a seater who was confused. Only a moderate selection of food.  Some of it was good (candied yams).   Some of it was cold (Eggs Benedict).  My wife had to call to  a waiter (yes, actually call to a waiter 2 table away) to finally get some iced tea or water.  No one came by to refill glasses until she again caught someone passing by.  Had finished our plates and sat for about 5 minutes to finish our iced teas.  Two staff stopped by to ask if we were finished (hint, hint - if finished, please leave).  Cost, with gratuity was $50 each.  Was worth only $25.  We would have been better off with a lunch at one of the Casinos.
1	The hotel is fine if you "need" to stay downtown.  If your open to driving 10 minutes the Hilton is a much better option.  I've been to many meetings/functions here and something always seems to go wrong with the AV. The food for the meetings is generally sub par, it is better to stop at the Circle K on the corner and bring your own food. (yes, I said Circle K, even their food is better than what is provided here). I wish I could upload a photo of the hot dogs and potatoes they recently provided as the MAIN DISH for a meeting I attended there.
2	The traditional style course and the $39 price was nice. Apparently the course is up for sale.  There were no ball washers & no pictures of the fairways at each tee. Hence  on one hole we didn't know which direction to hit the ball. On another hole, I hit a great shot only to find that it fell into a hidden creek. There was only hard dirt in the sand traps.I guess that what you get for $39.
3	Getting long in the tooth.  Historic main building.  Pool deck is starting to show wear and tear.  Exterior room entry but it is Phoenix.  Room s were nice.  Well appointed and clean.,The general condition is startingto show wear out side.Did not golf.....why would I?
1	This is the worst golf course I've ever played on.  It was only $15 in the afternoon during the summer, and I still felt ripped off.  The greens were atrocious, most of them on the front nine had large dirt spots all over them and you could hardly tell where the green ended and the fringe began.  Everything here is old, and not in a vintage/antique way but in a terribly maintained way.  You'd be better off not golfing at all than playing here.
1	I recently booked a stay for my grandmother, 86, and my great aunt, 91, at this so called resort and received horrible service! There were no first floor rooms available unless they were to put them in the west wing which is the furthest point away from the lobby and restaurants. They are elderly and have issues traveling far distances so they requested a room closer. The unfriendly woman( who did not smile once) at the front desk told me she could put them in a third floor room which still was extremely inconvenient for my family.  She could clearly see one used a walker and the other used a cane and it is very hard for these women to move around.  My grandmother agreed thinking it wouldn't be to far.... Come to find out they were still extremely far away from everything. There was no assistance with baggage or with assisting them to their room. Their were golf carts available for carting them to the east wing, yet NO ONE offered to do so. In fact, when we took a luggage cart they told us to bring it back asap because it was the only one!!!  I was mortified that I booked my grandmother a room at this so called resort! I would have much rather paid an extra $50 dollars a night to put them up in a hilton! My complaints go on and on, but I will finish with this.... I will never recommend this hotel to anyone! When I complained to the front desk she had nothing to say except that she hoped our stay was better next time..... And I replied with " We will not be staying here again....ever.... Nor will I be recommending it to anyone!"
1	I stayed here for 2 nights last week while attending an event in the area. Living in the west valley I decided it would be nicer to stay on that side of town and enjoy the area.  I wish I hadn't.  The lobby is lovely the service from the front desk was great. Then I made the hike to my room which was incredibly disappointing. The whole place looks like a cheap apartment complex. I kept hoping that the inside of the room would be better and it was not. First of all I've stayed in MUCH nicer Best Westerns for less then my discounted room rate of $99. I have no idea who you found that was willing to pay the $289 rack rate you have posted on the door, this property shouldn't be charging anyone more then $60/night.The patio furniture is easily 10 years old, the TV is probably closer to 15 years old, the mattress is hard and slumps in spots, and all of this is before we get to the amount of things that are just broken.  I had to pull on the elevator door to get it to close, and again to get it to open (I spent the remainder of my trip using the stairs). The door knob in the bathroom is coming off, the security lock on the sliding glass door is not screwed in all the way. Not to mention the fact that 2 of your maintenance employees pounded on my door at 11:30 and then tried to enter. Luckily I stopped them before they came in. Apparently they thought I had called about a tub issue.  IF I had just called wouldn't I have been there to open the door for you? I ordered room service on night - it was bland, boring, and not properly prepared.  Cheap buffet quality food for a much higher price.Needless to say that next year I will be staying somewhere else or making the commute.
2	Pluses... Location, friendly staff that's about it.  Stayed at this hotel because we were attending a swim meet across the street.  Our room was fair at best.  Everything was old. The bed was so hard and lumpy, I had a sore shoulder for 3 days.  Toilet was constantly running and the AC unit sounded like it was 30 years old.  We paid a discounted rate of $139/night...it was worth around $60.
2	This is a Crowne Plaza? This is more like a standard motel 6 that costs 3x the amount. I mean I got a king size office suite and it has a tiny tube tv in it. I didn't even know these things still existed outside of them at Salvation Army. Bathroom is blah, I'm questioning cleanliness of bed sheets and room in general. Staff at front desk was really nice though.
2	This is a review of the golf course...Do not know what has happened to this historic course, but the condition was horrible....AND this is high season (course conditions are at their best due to great weather).  The grass on the sixth green was spotty at best - the course filled in the dead grass with sand??  Not contusive to an 'ok' putting surface.  The sand bunkers were packed in so much that it was basically hitting off dirt.  Bunker shots had to be played as chip shots off hardpan.  Sad to see this course in this poor condition!  I enjoy the layout, the people and challenge, but the condition has declined over the years.  I hope the owners are able to put some money into the course to bring it back to its hay-day.  As of today, I suggest you seek other courses at comparable prices (i.e. Bear Creek, Ken McDonald, Dobson Ranch, Oakwood).
2	Yikes is right! Unfortunately, this is my home for the next 3 1/2 days. I already miss the Windmill Suites. First off, it is a hike to get to your room. Second, when you get to your room, it certainly leaves you "surprised", and NOT in a good way. I look forward to returning to California. Hopefully, I don't take any bed bugs with me.
5	Rooms are being renovated at this historic hotel (1912) but the dining  and public rooms retain their olde-worlde ambience.  The all you can eat prime-rib buffet on Saturday evening is a delicious Chandler tradition. One of the main benefits of staying here, rather than an anonymous La Quinta, Days, Fairfield,etc etc Inn on a concrete slab by the freeway, is that the San Marcos is a 1minute stroll away from the charming, historic Downtown Chandler Square with fun shops, bars and restaurants.  Don't miss the San Marcos - great staff and great rooms!
2	I went and stayed here during my annual spring training vacation as I am a huge Angels fan. The employees were friendly and the lobby was nice but that is about it. Our room smelled old and moldy, the T.V. was a tube TV from the early 90's. The elevator was barely functional and the jacuzzi was just a little hotter than the pool. Downtown chandler was awesome as it was the first time in that area. I will however find an alternate place to stay next time I am in the area.
1	I tried to book a meeting there for 150 people, had a great site inspection with Sheldon on the sales staff who promised a great price with a proposal in my inbox by the end of the day.  More than 2 weeks, several unanswered phone calls and emails I had my colleague hunt him down via the resort staff, only to be told that he couldn't accommodate us...said he didn't want to tie up the room for just a luncheon when someone bigger might come by and need the space.  When we expressed disappointment that it took so long to simply get a 'no' answer, his response was "it is what it is".  This guy must not have had any customer service training, and he blamed his delayed response on the internet being down...for more than 2 weeks which must also shut down their voice mail and cell phone service, cuz that's how it works.HUGE disappointment, bad customer service...I'll be telling everyone I know this story.
5	Came here for my friends' wedding and WOW, what a gorgeous place! Beautiful ballroom where the dinner and reception was held. Great service by the staff. The dinner was really good, although I was disappointed I couldn't eat the small dessert that came after the main course since it was a gelato thing made inside of an actual lemon peeling and I am allergic to citrus.The wedding itself was held outside near the pool area and the ambience and surroundings were gorgeous! Very good choice my friends made in having their wedding held here!
2	This place gets 2 stars because of its proximity to DT Chandler and the staff was pretty nice. That's about all that's good.  We had a work party there and the food was pretty good. But the rooms are not so nice.  Had a funky smell and the bed sheets, we noticed when we woke up the next day, were not clean. So that was disturbing.  I mean the place isn't terrible but I don't think I'll stay again unless I absolutely have to.
4	Visited again this year for the same event and was so happy to see that the updates have been made! Service was incredible, room service was great and I really enjoy the updates.Can't wait to be back next year.
1	I had an appearance at the Chandler Performing Arts Center across the street on Saturday, January 25th.  My wife and I decided to make a road trip out of it and had intended on arriving a couple of days early to visit with family and do some sightseeing. Since I used to live in Arizona, I wanted to show her around a bit.  Our reservation was for the two bedroom Presidential Suite.  We arrived in Chandler at 7:10 pm, after driving for nearly eight hours.  We pull up to the valet station, but there is no valet in sight.  We leave our car in front and go up to the check-in desk and ask about the valet/bell hop.  The gentleman behind the counter (I didn't get his name) informs us that the valet/bell hop service ends at 7pm and that we had "just missed it"  We then proceed to at least check in to our room. The gentleman tells us that the Presidential Suite is occupied. My wife and I were both in disbelief.  He said that the current occupant is there for two nights and we were scheduled to stay four nights, so we could move rooms once it's available.  To make up for the inconvenience, we were promised all sorts of comps including "free breakfast" coupons.  My wife and I were so livid and tired we just wanted to lay down.  All we requested is for our rooms to be adjoined.  While the hotel clerk was scrambling to find us rooms, another gentleman named Brandon recognized me and offered to take our bags to our room.  Once we arrived in our rooms, we discovered that our rooms were NOT adjoining.  The next morning, we were contacted by the front desk to alert us that the Presidential Suite was available, but it only had one bedroom.  The other room would be "close by"  We decided to just stay put in our original rooms.  At least they were next to each other and fortunately, the rooms are very nice.  Leading up to the night of my performance, I wanted to get my pants pressed. I called the front desk and I was told that there is no laundry service on the weekends. So, no valet or bell service after 7 and no laundry service on the weekends.  I have never heard of this!  I thought these were just standard hotel services.  I later get a knock on my door by a hotel employee delivering our "free breakfast" coupons.  I mention the "no laundry on weekends" policy and she confirmed it, but offered to press my pants for me.  Unfortunately, I didn't get her name  but I'm certain I got this service because she also recognized me.   Regardless of that, I did appreciate that.  My wife and I decided to check out a day early, since we'd prefer to be home together instead of in separate rooms.  When we checked out we were given our room charges bill and there were no comps or free breakfasts.  Needless to say, if we ever return to Chandler, we will not be staying at the Crowne Plaza.Dick Van Dyke
2	I was debating whether to rate them 2 stars or 3. I went with 2 stars because Yelp describes that as "I've experienced better," which is definitely the case here. Upon arrival, I was impressed. The place is sprawled out and looks very elaborate. The lobby is big and inviting, and the front desk staff was very friendly. When I got to my room, my impression immediately changed. First of all, every day I stayed here (4 nights) it took forever to get into my room. The lock was very particular about how slowly you pulled out the key card. Then I went in my room and I thought someone was still staying there. The bed had been made and there wasn't other stuff lying around, but there were dirty towels in the bathroom, there was garbage in the bins, there was an open pack of water, and so on. I called the front desk and they said they'd send someone to clean it up, not change my room. I later realized that they probably didn't recognize that I had just checked in, not coming back to my room after being out all day, and I didn't specifically ask to change rooms, so that's probably at least partially my fault. The room itself was spacious and nice with a balcony (that I never used). They gave me a room with 2 queens though, despite my reservation for a king bed. The housekeeping continued to be a problem though. The first day I came back, they put the sheets properly on the bed, but the pillows that I had set aside were not replaced. Also, they didn't replace the soap in the bathroom and one of the towels had brown spots on it. Also, the other bedsheets had spots on them. Fortunately this got better over time and my bed did get made properly and clean towels were delivered. They fixed the shower drain upon my request (it was all clogged up). The breakfast buffet was pretty good, but I was tired of eating the same thing every morning after 4 days. Like I started with, it wasn't a terrible experience, but I've definitely had better (in fact, just last week, my stay was far more pleasant at another hotel). I don't plan to come back here.
2	They charged me $165 per night, the room was not clean, but the it was quiet and next to a golf course. However the staff specially one lady at reception was absolutely incompetent, she messed up even getting us a ride to chandler airport and we ended up paying $20 for a ride that should have been free, beside putting up with the aggravated driver. Be cautious of the staff since they really are not trained and do not know what they are doing. the breakfast is also horrible
4	Disclaimer: I work for Intel and we get some pretty good discounts and extra services here through corporate contracts. That said, this place is the perfect spot for a business traveler in the Chandler area. The food is good but even if it isn't up your alley you can walk to one of the many restaurants nearby. Rooms are good but not great. Most importantly, the beds are really good. Way more comfortable than the Marriott beds I've had here. Internet is really fast and reliable, too. Speedtest.net was showing that I was getting around 10mbps down. So pretty good overall. All in all I've had a good experience here. If you're a business traveler it's worth a look. If you're an Intel traveler there shouldn't be any other place under consideration.
4	We recently planned a family reunion and arranged to for all the out of town guest to stay at San Marcos. It worked out so great as the location is excellent! "Downtown Chandler" restaurants/bars are walking distance and so we were able to go off site for an 80th birthday party and the guests could walk to the event. We also had an event at the San Marcos one night at their more casual restaurant. The staff were all very pleasant and helpful and we would all go back again. The only reason I did not give 5 stars is because the pool itself could use a little face lift...this is Arizona!!
4	My wife and I had a conference in Gilbert and stayed here for a romantic getaway. Let me start with the cons:At check in we were directed the LONG way to our room, with all of our luggage with us to lug along. No recognition for being a Priority Club Member. TV is Analog, horrible channels. The sheets weren't put all the way down, so we had to remake the bed. Closet door was broken & completely off the tracks. We had to wedge it into the tracks so it wouldn't fall on us. Water was forgotten one day. Ice bucket plastic sleeve was forgotten another day. Our shower curtain hooks were never closed for our 4 day stay.And the pros:The hotel was gorgeous. There are tall palm trees in the courtyards, balcony access to all rooms and the grounds were well kept. You can walk to and around downtown Chandler (several restaurants, shoe stores and specialty shops) from the hotel. The room decor reminded me of a 60's luxury hotel (not that I'm from the 60's but I watch movies). I would say I felt like Cary Grant about 40% of the time. Parking was good and we never had trouble finding a spot near the elevator by our room.And the neutrals:Breakfast was good but it reminded me of a quiet Shoney's (remember that place?).Overall, our visit was really good. One star off for some of the quirky cons above. We will, however, stay here again if we are in the area. By the way, the shoe store in the downtown shopping area is fantastic.
2	Old and dirty rooms. TV has SD pixilated channels. Air filter in bathroom that has change ever 6 months looks like it hasn't been changed in 3 years. Shower had dead insects and old shower curtain with stains. Pool looks nothing like their site. The while place is very dreary Looking, not well lit and all rooms are outdoors. When it's 115 out, you'd rather have a completely enclosed hotel. The AC is extremely loud and hard to sleep with. The outside is not well lit, lots of dark hallways and the rooms are just as poorly lit inside.
1	So disappointed.  My husband and I chose this spot to celebrate our 17 year anniversary.  I reserved an executive suite for the night with an upgrade to late 7pm check out.  I was told check in was at 3PM.  We arrived a little after 4PM and was told our room wouldn't be ready for half an hour.  At 5:00 we were finally able to check in.  On the day I reserved the room I asked for champagne to be delivered and already chilling in our room upon our arrival.  I specifically spoke to room service to arrange it, chose the champagne, arranged payment, etc.  It was not done.  I had to request it again and it was delivered hot to the room.  On the day of check out, as I mentioned I paid for the 7PM check out.  We were called at 3PM by housekeeping to ask when we would be leaving so they could clean the room.  My husband informed them we had paid for 7PM check out but would be leaving a little earlier than that and hung up.  Half an hour later, housekeeping beat on our door twice to ask when we were leaving.  Completely unprofessional!  I wish we'd chosen a different place to celebrate.  While the room was nice and the hotel too, everything else overshadowed that and made the price and stay not worth it at all.
3	This hotel, located  in the heart of Downtown Chandler. It was perfect for a night of fun. We were able to go out and then go back to a hotel with an amazing bed.
4	I have been staying at this hotel over the past 2 years on my business trip chandler there has been lot management changes in the property but from my experience staying at hotels on my trips I find this property has one active GM you see him walking the property and dealing with issues and not making excuses for their  short fall that to me is worth a lot. You also see it in the faces of the employees that work there the only reason I don't give 5 star they have few minor issues that I'm sure they are working on if you asked my opinion about this property 8 month ago it would be 2.5 tops so time is needed to improve more.
5	I have to laugh when I read all these negative reviews. What the hell were they expecting? Go ahead and compare to a hotel that charges double and then be disappointed when your towels aren't starched flat ironed. I've been here three times and had a good experience. Ann at the front desk has always been there - friendly and helpful. The rooms offer a typical hotel experience; comfortable bed and functional furniture. Not a silly lavish place; just good simple means adequate for a non-pretentious guest. If you're that caught up in "style" then go somewhere else so the rest of us can enjoy a modest hotel with solid performance record. I'll book here every time because it's in a great location, has good accommodations and meets my non-pretentious needs. Thank you Ann for being there and making me feel like a returning friend.
