5	Best Macy's in town !!!! Good sales and deals clean New store. Friendly staff. Couldn't ask for more. We definitely needed a Macy's on this part of town. Fashion show mall Macy's is super overpriced.
2	It's nice & new, but it's fairly small.  Lack of variety & selection in all areas.Was looking for women's shoes, specifically kitten heels for a wedding, and there wasn't even one option for me.My boyfriend was looking for a navy blue suit.  They don't even carry Alfani brand suits, just dress shirts. He found one by Bar III, but it only comes in slim fit, AND they didn't have his size.  So when I said small selection and not much variety, that's what I meant.  It's good to have this close by, but they could have done a better job and made it bigger.  Only saving grace; has a Starbucks inside near the men's section.AT&T users: Spotty/No reception inside
1	I was really looking forward to having a Macy's so close to home. In all fairness, I understand this a brand new location, and it may take some time to get things right. I'm writing this review in hopes of being heard. I would LOVE to have a Macy's so close that I can actually shop at.I agree with one of the other reviews about the selection or lack there of. This has to be one of the WORST department stores I have ever visited, as far as selection goes. I'm a pretty conservative woman in my 30's.....the women's apparel that has been selected is just terrible. I feel as though it is TOO conservative. If I was looking for new church clothes or something to wear to a conservative political function, I would shop here. There needs to be more options for women that have professional jobs AND still like to be stylish. Your shoe department is pretty awful as well. Please, please, please give us something we can wear to work that's hip and professional, and something we can wear out for dinner or cocktails.(besides a formal gown)The staff is SUPER FRIENDLY. I can't tell you how many times they asked if I needed help. I would have loved to have spent money here....the staff is GREAT!! They seemed aware of the selection issues. Fingers crossed it gets better! :)
4	While this Macy's is clean and beautiful, the clothing selection is limited. There's cute things to find, but not many. As much as I love Macy's, they make Forever 21 look like the cream of the crop (based on the variety of clothing items). Perhaps it is because they're still new? Maybe over time the selection variation will increase (for the better). Overall, the associates are friendly, service is excellent and it is a major plus that there's a location by our home that doesn't require us to go way over to Fashion Show. P.S.- cell phone service is pretty much left in the parking lot once you walk in the store. They have free wifi, which is a plus if you're sending iMessages. Regular text messages don't really work for me as a T-Mo customer.
3	Men's fragrance. Sales girl wouldn't let me breath which is ironic that I was buying a fragrance. I can't stand sales people like that. And on top of it, she was talking to me very condescendingly because I couldn't decide and almost seemed annoyed. Next time I'll go to perfumania. Ugh. So annoying.Update : turns out I really like the one I chose. Not sure if it was really her idea but it's good. +1 star
4	Super new Macys.  So bright inside!  I mean, SUPER bright.  Brighter than the sun I imagine.  Located at the new Downtown Summerlin.  Our saleslady was super nice and talked to us about Oregon and where we're from.  They had exactly what we were shopping for.  We will be back to this location!
1	This Macy's is new & nice. I wish I could say that for the staff. I was purchasing a coat & at the register there was a messy pile of children's clothing laying on the counter. I picked one up to look at it was was told to "STOP". The store employee who looked at least 80 yelled at me & told me not to touch it. I then walked away without purchasing a coat. TERRIBLE customer service!!!
1	Just a horrible overall experience.  I came in to buy pajamas and a winter coat for my daughter.  They only had 2 kinds of pj's in her size. And 1 color for a coat. Horrible selection. ...horrible customer service. It took almost 15 minutes to have my question answered from an assosiate. I also was not able to use a coupon that I had because it specifically excluded their on day sale items. ..well 95% of their kid clothes were on their "one day sale". Also their escalator was broken so we had to go to the other side of the store to take the elevator. There were no signs anywhere for it so yeah that was fun looking for it.  I will not be returning to this store.
2	Was at store in women's department at 8:00 p.m. on Saturday.  No more than 3 shoppers, 3 saleswomen doing nothing, and no one offered to help while on the floor, to check on dressing room to see if I needed a different size, etc., until I was trying on my last dress.  Then she ended up talking about herself the whole time.  I was asked if I wanted to join a "buyers club," or something to that effect, to receive a discount on future purchases.  I asked twice if there was a fee, was told no, and then saw on the screen it was ringing up as a $25 charge.  Really poor form here, out and out lying to a customer.  Unfortunate in any kind of establishment, but really I thought better of Macy's.
1	This company is the absolute worst!  Do not purchase furniture from Michael at this location!  He and the whole team act as if they are competent and know what they are doing however fact is I purchased a couch October 26th with a promised date of November 5th, the 5th came and I was told it would be in the warehouse the 12th that they were gone for Veterans Day...  What warehouse lets their employees off for 8 days for Veterans Day??  The 12th came and I was told it would be there the 19th. 19th came and Michael told me it would be there the 26th.  Seriously??  The day before Thanksgiving??  So he set delivery for December 4th. The truck arrives and is missing 3 of the 6 pieces. Back and forth with the warehouse, not 1 word from Michael because what does he care, he got his commission, they promised delivery of the rest of the pieces on the 6th. Here we are on the 6th and two of the rudest delivery drivers I have ever encountered in my life and then of course it's the weekend so no one of importance is working!  They have no care that they are affecting my time. DO NOT BUY FURNITURE FROM MACY'S!!!!
1	So today, I was on my way home from running around the entire city. Since I live across the freeway from this mall, I decided I'd stop for pantyhose/tights (for a Christmas party I'm going to).  First of all, if you want any cute tights, or the fun ones with bling or cute designs...or anything updated and contemporary in terms of tights/hose...don't expect to find any here!! Anyways, I found a pair of plain black tights (mashed on the wall with unlike styles and with no sort of organization or merchandising skills applied - per typical Macy's standards I guess).  I found another pair since they were 2/$22 hue deal and I grabbed a pair of black leggings.  So I turn to see 8 people in line at this one checkout station, then walk across the floor to another checkout station with 10 people waiting.  I'm clearly standing in the middle of the aisle holding product to buy...and the lovely Aspen appears. Now, I saw her trying to fly by me without greeting or any type of extension of customer service skills. But I saw the name tag and the portable printer on her hip...I yelled after her "excuse me? can you ring me up?"  Oooooh man!!! She looked like I just ran over her foot. She literally said to me (first words) "if you're paying credit. And if you want a bag, go to a register". I wanted to say "FU$& YOU ASPEN" but I didn't want to sink to her crap level. Instead, I said "yeah, credit card. I'm fine with that as long as nobody talks to me on my way out...as I'm holding these things in my hands."  She didn't say a word.  She started scanning. Asking me to hold this like that. And let her out the sticker there. Um, YOURE WELCOME ASPEN.  She was a total B!! the whole time. Not one, thanks for helping. Or thanks for holding this. Upon printing my receipt, her words were "here's your receipt". Again, no thank you. Or come again. Or sorry we have such long lines. Or happy holidays. So rude. ASPEN, you are terrible. If you hate your job, go do something else.  Or stay home. Be angry at home. Because honey, angry attitudes and retail don't mix. On Monday, I'm probably going to call the store manager.
5	Not sure why the reviews are so low but my experience at this Macy's was beyond expectations! Jennifer at the INC department and Cheyenne in woman's fashion are over the top helpful! They went out of their way in all the holiday madness to help all my mess Christmas shopping. Yes, I did encounter maybe one worker who wasn't thrilled to be there (Juniors Dept) but they all did the best they could with excellent customer service. My advice if you really want in and out- Check out in the shoe section, they get commission and will get you in and out as fast as possible. If not, these girls In woman's fashion work at their best and it truly shows! Remember people: this is a new store and the holiday season. Take a deep breath, smile and you will be amazed at how you will be treated! Kudos woman's fashion!
4	When I searched this store it seemed all employees were busy with other tasks, but I was just browsing before work, knowing I have my Macy's card!!! Once I arrived over to the Urban Decay make up section, Fatima instantly helped me. There was no hesitation, she knew her product and made me feel very welcome in the store. I give her all the credit for my visit going extremely well. So well that I was able to try out a few concealers with her application services, and buy exactly what I needed. I will always go back to her for my make up needs. I work around this area so I can come back if she isn't.
