5	If you want to see picture postcard Edinburgh, head for Victoria Street.A charming and picturesque street in the Old Town, it's a few minutes walk from the Castle and steeped in just as much character and history. If you have the time, it's a delight to wander down from George IV Bridge until you get to the bottom and reach Grassmarket*. Wide and cobblestoned, there's echoes of Portabello Road with dozens of tall, chocolate box buildings in a variety of bright and pastel colours.Some of the buildings have been converted into popular bistros like Maison Blue and The Grain Store whilst others have been transformed into quirky boutiques. Mostly run by local, independent businesses, they include wonderful secondhand bookshops, galleries, a knitting store, a tailor, a cheesemonger and of course, a whisky specialist. * A delight in the summer, Victoria Street is slightly trickier to navigate in the winter due to the steep, curved hill. If you're going when it's snowing, wear boots with strong grips or risk sliding!
4	Oh, Victoria Street. Beautiful quaint colourful Victoria Street. It entices you with its quirky colours--it's possibly, the with the exception of Cockburn Street, the most colourful street in Edinburgh. It's, to be honest, almost the twin of Cockburn Street. Quirky, colourful, and full of shops that will tear large holes in your pockets. Victoria Street is one of the many ways (in Edinburgh, there are always many ways) to get to the Grassmarket, but specifically from George the IVth Bridge. Victoria Street's home to the Grain Store, Swish, Demi-Johns, the eternal Christmas Shop, Oink and more. It is picturesque, terribly picturesque. If only they hadn't built that hideous hotel at the top of the street...
4	Winding down from George IV Bridge to the Grassmarket, Victoria St. is a tourist hotspot, and rightly so. What's so nice about it is all the businesses on it are independent - there's a tweed shop, a few fashion boutiques, a cheesemongers, a place for mixing your own alcohol (Demi-John) and the awesome Oink, which sells hog roast sandwiches. In fact, go to Victoria St. just to go to Oink because it's ace.It's funny too - all the aforementioned businesses run down the right hand side (going down to Grassmarket). The left is dominated by the entrance to the Underbelly (by far the best Fringe venue), Espionage (four floors of w****s), and Finnegans Wake, which has just reopened after the fire at Kushi's next door. Certainly worth a visit. But then if you're being touristy in Edinburgh you'll have probably already gone there by now.
4	Victoria Street is one of my favourite streets in Edinburgh. It almost doesn't feel like a real street, more like a picturesque, winding pathway down to the Grassmarket. I mean, it's steep and curved and cobbled and leads on to the Grassmarket, overshadowed by the Castle. What sort of 'street' is that?One that has a whole hog roast in Oink's window, right next to the smelliest, most delicious cheese shop in Edinburgh - I. J. Mellis - which also happens to be next to a Whisky Shop, all of which sit under a quiet, yet delicious, French restaurant The Grain Store. Which is opposite The Bow Bar, a decent old man bar with a great selection of whiskies. And my favourite part, walking across the Grassmarket with the sunshine beaming over it, and up Victoria's winding street, to head to Hula at the bottom of the curve - the juice bar that keeps me topped up on healthy things like vitamins and Sunshine in a Cup.And there's Black Box, Red Door Gallery and some gorgeous, quirky clothes stores. It might be small, and an odd shape, and precarious to walk down in the rain with slippy shoes (or snow, or ice, or even nothing at all). But it is packed full of independent businesses, it leads onto the Grassmarket, and it just has a very unique character of its own.
4	George to Grassmarket...Is a photographer's dream...Cafes and boutiques...
