2	Having returned to Arizona this past summer and seeking a new residence, my roommate and I decided to lease a two bedroom unit at the Indian Bend Apartments here in Old Town Scottsdale.  The apartment complex itself was bought out literally days after we moved in, and is now managed by Priderock Capital Partners, LLC and is being marketed as "The Glen at Old Town" which is a sister complex to the "Visconti at Camelback".  Both complexes stand alone from another, were once respectively "Camellero" and "Indian Bend", yet are managed out of the same office.  As it stands at the time writing, there aren't any reviews of this complex under it's current name for potential tenants to review, so I feel it's my civic duty to offer a candid overview for others' benefit and amusement. There have been quite a few changes in the last six months of living here, some good, some bad, but I still believe this is a reasonable place to call home.Our decision to rent here was based primarily on my roommate working here in Old Town, wanting to be close to work, and the lack of expense in living here relative to the rest of Old Town.  Our rent is very, very reasonable lest the utilities and that is far and away the best feature of the unit. Our apartment has a nice view of the Scottsdale Greenway, the McDowell and Superstition mountains, is relatively spacious despite it's antiquated floor plan and is relatively easy to access in an area that can be difficult to navigate at times.  The bathroom has has a lovely tile pattern in the shower, and the vintage concrete block construction offers a feeling of solidity and is very quiet relative to newer apartments.   The neighborhood itself is like a demilitarized zone, and there are some colorful tenants here, although most have been ousted by the increases in rent under the new management.  I've watched about half a dozen neighbors move on over the past three months.  Upon first moving in parking was an issue of sorts, but now that there are so many empty apartments, there is no shortage of parking.  Which is nice... I guess.The new Management is far less attentive than those we originally leased from, and seldom return calls or have decent responses to inquires. The real estate investment company that bought this apartment complex specializes in flipping financially distressed commercial properties in semi-affluent areas and their management style is purely sales based. They are attempting to renovate the complex to warrant increases in rent and subsequently revenue, but quite frankly, I'm not sure the complex is nice enough to support it. I'm growing tired of amenities like the fitness center being unavailable while the complex is being renovated. I leased the apartment under the pretense that there would be a fitness center available. It would be one thing if everything was torn up, but it's clean, all the machines are on and it's kind of frustrating seeing that and not have any idea when it might be open again. It's always "pretty soon, we promise." They have also started using the electric security gates that had been neglected by the prior management. This is somewhat welcome, although the gates are ancient and often break, and there is no keypad on my side of the building which necessitates needless driving around the parking lot. There is an absolutely brutal double set of speed bumps at each gate that makes getting though a challenge, and will make short work of tires and suspension parts. A warning to the car lovers of the world, if you're car is even remotely low, there is a good chance you won't be able to get into the parking lot without scraping. Be warned.  Last, but certainly not least is the utilities.  Upon moving in, part of our utilities were subsidized.  That's good, because the air conditioner is at least thirty years old and runs literally 24/7 in the summer and still barley holds 78 degrees in our relatively small apartment.  Our bills have steadily risen from $100 a month to now approaching $150.  It's pretty common these days for leasing companies to resell you local utilities for profit, but it's a fixed amount, won't change if you conserve energy, and no one can account for the billed amount. It's pretty much whatever they want to charge you and there is nothing you can do about it.  I fear the bill when it isn't the dead of winter.Is this a terrible apartment? No. Not really. Is it great? Far from it.  If the new management had never moved in I'd have been happy in my cheap, mediocre apartment for some time to come.  Unfortunately, the managerial changes are trying to convert this into another overpriced Scottsdale apartment, but most of those have working A/C and lack the 70's funk that is more than present here.  Moreover, they are going to be renovating this joint for god knows how long and I really wouldn't lease here until the additions are complete.  Right now you never know when you're going to have hot water. I like hot water.
2	5 stars for location! (the only positive thing)3.5 stars for competitive rent price.3 stars for amenities.-9.5 stars for new management. i have been here a couple years. its doable and convenient to get around old town scottsdale (food, nightlife, shopping, etc). they are currently upgrading/renovating so that may trick you.just pray nothing goes wrong or youre f*cked. most of the new staff is uncooperative. they are the only reason i want to move out.
1	I have lived at this property for almost two years.  Since the new owners have taken over (July 2013), this place has gone down hill in every way possible.  One of the better things about this complex when I moved in was the utilities (paid partially by myself and partially by the owners).  During the summer my AC was on 24/7, my electric bill was never over $120, for the last few months I have notice a pretty good increase in my bill (last bill was $160), which I can't seem to justify, since I have not yet even turned my heat on and rarely cook, am rarely home, therefore electricity or water should not be being used hardly at all.  After speaking with some neighbors who have also noticed this happening, it was brought to my attention that every vacant apartment in the complex has all the lights on 24/7.  Since the new owners took over the property there have been a lot more vacancies.  Now I understand why my electric has increased, I am paying to keep all those vacant apartments well lit all day and all night.  I brought this to the attention of management and was basically patronized and spoke to in a very condescending way by one of the staff members, which also by the way are all new since the new owners, also are all very rude and completely unconcerned with current tenants.  This complex has gone from a once very decent Scottsdale apartment to what seems like a shady, unkept South Phoenix apartment.  These new owners are absolutely horrible and are robbing each and every tenant monthly on our utility bills.  Coincidentally I signed my new lease with the previous owners exactly 3 days prior to the new ones taking over, nobody ever mentioned there would be new owners.  I'm hoping between the utility robbing and my lease being signed with a different management company I will be able to get out of it and get the heck out of that complex.  I strongly would NOT recommend this complex to anyone.  I agree 100% with Jeff H on the rating for new management, in fact -9.5 stars is probably being a little kind.There is a very good reason why there are so many vacancies Ben S.,  the place is a dump!!!!!!
1	The only reason I moved into this place is because I needed to live somewhere ASAP and the location is perfect, with that being said I really wish I would have stuck it out in motel 6 for a couple more weeks instead of living in this dump. The staff is very rude and refuse to help you (what exactly is there job again?) the apartments are extremely out of date, small, and not to mention expensive for what it is, the utility bill is always expensive because it is "shared", it would probably be cheaper but the staff leaves the lights and air conditioning on in vacant apartments, please tell me why we are paying for this? If you are smart enough to look at reviews before moving in somewhere do not move here.
2	The office staff is awful. I hate moving and really don't want to deal with the hassle when my lease is up but I also don't want to deal with them.  They are simply just rude and act inconvenienced any time you call (it's your job to help me!!) the apartments are mediocre at best but the location is nice. It's unfortunate they don't have better staff as I'm sure they will be losing renters if they continue this way.
2	Great location, but staff is a bit tardy at returning calls and answering requests.
1	STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!!!!! I would never recommend this place, not even to an enemy. To start the front office staff is inappropriately rude. At this apartment complex apparently it is okay for the assistant manager to call me; a customer, snoody and condescending. If you have a maintenance issue don't except if to get fixed in a timely manner. I have had a leak in my ceiling for almost 2 months now. By leak I mean it rains in my room and I am up all night emptying my buckets. This issue I was told wouldn't be fixed until the rain has stopped, meanwhile I now have black mold right next to my bed. DO NOT move in here. Yes location is great because it is in the heart of old town but you can find a place much better. The only reason I moved here was because I needed to find a place that had an apartment available to move into the next day. Now I know why they had the availability.
1	I wish I would have read more reviews before I moved in. I agree with Deanna S. on the "STAY AWAY..." part.  From Day #1, BUGS. Only lived here a month, and MORE BUGS after being treated twice already. They're roaches, they need not chemical spray but boric acid...as the Miss KnowItAll at the from office says, "give the chemicals times to work?" NO. Get someone here that knows how to treat roaches. The roaches are getting bigger as I type this. If no one else has complained, then I guess they're all just accepting of this.It took more than a MONTH to get things fixed that were broken when I moved in.  Broken when I moved in????  Are you kidding me? Shouldn't things be all pristine before that?Dogs?? Every day I'm off, there is a dog that barks ALLLLLLL Day. I finally wrote a note and said, "animal control will be called if this doesn't stop immediately, from one animal lover to another." It's stopped thus far. Now this is not The Glen's fault but I can say I regret, COMPLETELY REGRET moving in this place. It's filthy. The jacuzzis don't work and that's one of the first questions I asked. Something is broken every day. I went over a week without water in the bathroom and come to find out the work orders I put in hadn't even made it to maintenance but they have a Process as told by the front office. The only process I see is this place is too old and needs a total overhaul especially for the price. They want more if you have "upgraded granite."   They've got the front office fixed up so nice you think you're really moving into a special place but do not let that delude you...it's a pit!Closet...it's taken me a month to get rid of the moth? smell? It's disgusting. Things started falling apart when I touched it so how could someone has lived in this apt before me and these issues not been addressed?  What is acceptable as window coverings????? Please.If you want to pay your rent online by the way, it's $15 extra and they have NO drop box so if you don't pay on their hours, ??? Late fee??I wanted to add photos but it's not allowing me now.  I'd love to share those.
