5	Friendly atmosphere and affordable work. World-class artists. Not "stuck up", like a lot of other shops in town. Family members and friends have already been referred! Love the tattoo that I got from Noel. Will definitely be returning for more work!!
5	I love Redemption Tattoo Family because they treat you like royalty. I felt like I was a queen when I went to get my fabulous starfish tattoo. Redemption has been on the tip of my tongue for days since I went and received my tattoo. Frank did my tattoo and he did an awesome job and then Noel was fabulous and gave me a sample of some spray. They all act like you are visiting and just one of the family. I will be back in there soon to get flowers on my rosary.
5	I loved my experience with this tattoo parlor. First of all, I was visiting and decided fairly last minute that I wanted ink. I went in on Monday with an idea- an anatomical heart with clockwork inside, and the words "evolve or die" underneath in a specific font. I described what I wanted, sent some images over, talked to the artist/owner Bumper and arranged to come back Wednesday.The art was beautiful and perfect, exactly what I wanted! There were a couple of tweaks and Bumper was excellent about that. He fit me right in, I sat for about 4 hours, with time for smoke breaks as I needed them. We had a great chat about the shop and why I was getting the tattoo and I felt incredibly comfortable. I found the pricing to be reasonable and would absolutely go back again for more. There's a parking lot out front, but I don't think the shop itself is accessible. I would call and ask to be sure, though.
5	I first came to RTF on a friend's recommendation. The place is kinda hard to see but its behind Buca de Beppo on Flamingo. Anyway, I've been to a number of tattoo shops for work of various sizes and I've never been treated as well as at redemption. The shop itself is clean and well organized. As for Bumper, Lauren, Brett, and Nick, they're all great. Everyone has a positive attitude and makes you feel welcome. Any first-timer or seasoned tattoo veteran would be lucky to have a piece done by any of these folks.
5	Great place to get tattooed. The people here are down to Earth and great people. I drive from California to get tattooed by Bumper. He will not disappoint! You will get a better tattoo than you could have imagined.The number has changed so if you need to get a hold of Bump email him at tattoosbybumper@yahoo.com
5	My best friend and I came here when we visited Vegas last week. We were both tattooed by Brett, who was absolutely phenomenal. We had a few questions and concerns, and he was more than willing to take the time to answer and explain everything to us. Not to mention, his artistry is precise and beautiful. The other employees were really friendly, too! Needless to say, I would ABSOLUTELY recommend going here if you are looking to get ink!!!
5	Great experience at Redemption Tattoo.  I was planning a trip to Vegas and decided to get a tattoo while I was there.  Scheduled an appointment with Bumper and sent him over some images of what I wanted.  He took my images and incorporated them into a design for me.  I would go back to him again!
5	Bumper is amazing! Not only can he do amazing custom pieces but he is actually a really nice guy! Great conversation from a nice person while you get the best ink of your life! Along with a custom back piece he has also given me awesome cover ups and fixes on my old bad ink. He is by far the best artist in Las Vegas without a doubt!
5	I love this place!!!!I was recently in the area for the weekend celebrating my friend's birthday and it being my first time there, I figured it would be a great idea to finally get my first tattoo. After my horrible experience trying to make an appointment with the guys at Voodoo Tattoo, I decided to try somewhere else. Luckily I text the number to Redemption Tattoo and I got a very prompt response from the owner, Bumper, about wanting to come in and get my first Tattoo. He immediately made me an appointment to come in at noon and even was thorough in asking me if I needed the address to get there. I have been working in retail/customer service for years now so first impressions and great customer service is a HUGE deal to me especially if has to do with trusting someone with marking my body for life.  The shop is clean and looks great inside and out. Bumper was very professional and so personable which made me feel so comfortable and relaxed getting my first Tattoo. He even gave me tips and a list of things I needed to know on the care of my Tattoo, which I thought was the cherry on top for my first time experience. I really like the fact that he also gave me size options for my Tattoo and made sure I liked it before he started. His artistry, professionalism and great customer service makes this the perfect place to get a Tattoo. Whether it's your first or your 20th Tattoo you won't regret going here and getting your moneys worth both for the service and the skills :) Thanks again Bumper!
5	A year later my tattoo is still absolutely gorgeous and gets compliments everywhere I go. It's as dark and clear as when I first got it. Thank you Bumper! I hope to come see you for my next piece.
5	My brother and I decided to get tattoos while on vacation,  so we just walked in. Jeremy did both our tattoos,  and was friendly and engaging. Next time I'm in Vegas I'll definitely pay them a visit.
5	Amazing experience! I had been wanting to get a tattoo for awhile and figured I would get one in Vegas! Found them on Yelp and decided to give them a try. So glad I did! For  it being my first tattoo, they made me feel so comfortable and relaxed! Jeromy did my tattoo and I love it! He has such a light hand and does amazing work. I highly recommend them!!
5	We had such a great experience at Redemption Tattoo!!  My sister in law and I decided to get tattoos while in Vegas.  Redemption Tattoo took us as walk ins, which was great!  Their minimum was cheaper than any other place we'd tried to go and Jeromy, who was amazing by the way, even gave us a discount.  He made the whole experience a great one and did such an awesome job on our tattoos!  If we ever got more in Vegas, no doubt this would be the place we'd go.  Seem to really care about their work and their customers!!
5	Awesome tattoo shop! Off the strip so you don't deal with ridiculous prices. Really cool dudes working there. I'm getting a sleeve done by Nic fletcher, I would recommend him to anyone and everyone! Amazing clean detailed work.
5	Got tatted by Bumper and he was awesome. Made me feel very comfortable during our session and will definitely be going back!! Love love lovee!!!!
5	Awesome!!!!My husband and I were originally looking on the strip to get tattoo's.  The prices were very high and the people were not friendly to say the least.  We started to ask around and Redemption Tattoo was recommended by several Las Vegas locals.  Bumper was awesome and patient with us.  He reworked our design several times and made sure our tattoos were true to our vision.  He is AMAZING!  Shop is clean and his assistant was also great!  We will be back on our next trip!
5	Thanks Nic for coming in on your day off! I love my cuff and we had a great time in Vegas because of you. Thanks again!! This place is great. Hand drawn tattoos made for you. Small shop. Very accommodating and clean. Price was good too! Well worth finding!
5	This is Nic from Redemption Tattoo, I've changed shops to Mastermind tattoo at 3111 s. Valley View blvd. Las Vegas, Nevada. I can be reached at 7027728828 for any ongoing, or new work. Sorry for any inconvenience this may cause anyone. Thanks!
