4	Brand spankin new pizza joint up in the black hole of N Phx. This location has been (most recently) a Chuys, and an Indian Place. There is a horseshoe shaped bar but I didn't see any beer or wine??There is plenty of sitting indoor or on a indoor patio type.The service was an old dude and a young server, both were cool and still working out the systems. I can see lunch being an issue unless they have more people then on a Sunday @ 7:45pm.The cook in back was a little gruff with the servers but I liked the ATTITUDE it was charming. Grumpy Italian dudes are funny. There is a good selection of pastas and pizzas, we opted for the PIE.Large 16 inch New York was a little over 18 bucks. Sausage, Peperoni, onion, Black Olives and Mushrooms. Had a nice medium crust. Thicker then Rays, less then Barros, but did have a nice flavored crust. The cheese was plenty but not too much like a Rosatis. The sauce was more like a Rays style, but was seriously lacking something. Seriously.All and all the pie was good, they have great ranch unlike Amelios who use buttermilk ranch. I would like to try some of the pasta and go from there. I know i will be back I just hope the sauce has more flavor. Otherwise I cannot justify 18 bucks.
4	This place is really friendly and has lots of parking.  Their pizza is good, and there's also lots of seating.  I go here whenever I want pizza or italian food.
2	This was a try out for my mates and I.  We drove by and say let's do it!  Walking towards the building we joked about the poor special signage posted. Looked like some 5th grader had quite a project to spruce up the place up. We walked in and needless to say the place was worst than barren desert. Except for a couple of guys at the counter top bar. Wait! What bar? They didn't serve alcohol - are you sure this place is an Italian restaurant?  Needless to say maybe they're working on getting their license.We sat down on the booth and ordered a pizza. As we waited classic Italian music and knowing we were the only customers in the building was TORTURE! The only thing that kept us sane was Words with Friends on our Iphones. Our pizza finally came and with some paper plates we're ready! I must admit the pizza was pretty good for what we've experience so far. I think with an alcohol license and some spicing up of the place it'll do great.  However, we need more patrons than just my two buds and me. I hope they do well in the future - Enjoy!
3	Nice people trying to put a decent casual sit-down italian neighborhood joint in a challenging north phoenix location.I'd really like to see this place get themselves polished up and come together.I can offer constructive criticism that the price/portion combination doesn't fit with the overall vibe. I'm no expert of italian, but the recipes could use a little work, too, in my opinion. On separate occasions, the basics were just basic.  Such as a reheated slice (admittedly, not much expectation going in, and those expectations were not even met) or a plate of spaghetti with meat sauce and a side order of garlic bread off of regular menu that could not have been any more adequate as a lunch portion.It must be tough to start a restaurant nowadays, but it doesn't even take a large amount of money to put a little more pride into your signage. Maybe hire some local high school art kid to create a sign for you that doesn't look like a high school football player created it. Like I said, this is constructive criticism. I'd really like to see this place get themselves polished up and come together for the neighborhood.
1	This is a first! 3 different meals in our group. Chicken Marsala was burned and sauce tasted like Spaghetios. VERY SALTY. Linguini with white clam sauce-thete was no white. Tasted and looked like clam sauce liquid. VERY SALTY. Spaghetti and meatballs sauce again-tasted like Spaghettios, pasta mushy, and again VERY SALTY. NO CHILDREN'S MENU. WHEN WE TOOK A BITE OF EACH, WE TOLD THE WAITRESS, SHE TALKED TO THE COOK, AND THEY SAID THEY WOULD WATCH IT NEXT TIME. THESE WERE  $1O+ PLATES/ea. SPAGHETTI & MEATBALLS $13.00. Also ordered Ceasar salad, but got a brown balsamic and vinegar dressing! After dinner, our-methhead waitress tild us that she was working on getting back her 2 children, one her mother has and the other the child's grandparents have custody. The whole thing was quite an experience. The place was empty on a friday night. I wonder why? They won't be open much longer.
4	Yes, their signage isn't the greatest and the place is usually empty but they are a hidden gem!  We have eaten there twice and both times had terrific food that was great value for the money.  The lasagna was delicious and made with love.  The eggplant parm was delicious and homemade (my boyfriend knows good eggplant and this was fresh).  Look past the exterior and you will find a hidden gem with a simple menu of fresh delicious food!  The pizza was yummy and the staff is friendly.  I hope they stick around as the neighborhood needs more gems like these.
4	I've eaten at Tony Pizzeria at least 1/2 dozen times for lunch.  Service was good where waitress paid close attention to making sure I was taken care of.  I usually have the sub sandwiches - meatball and chicken parm.  Good taste, good size and reasonably priced.  This is a hidden gem and I would recommend it to friends.
5	Great pizza - Great service - Quiet romantic atmosphere where you can talk.
5	I don't get it. This reaturant is surrounded by mediocre places to eat. Yet each time I eat here it's empty. It's baffling! The food is really good, the prices are perfect and the staff is really friendly. More people need to eat here. YOU need to eat hear. If you want a shining example of a good mom and pop pizza place then come here! Give this place business!Update: it's now closed and replaced by a pool supply store. I went in and tried to order a stuffed shell dinner but was told they only sell supplies for above and in ground pools. In a desperate measure for service I dropped to my knees and cried until the manager told me to leave.RIP Tonys Pizza. I'll miss you Tony. :-(
