5	Really good nails and I like it. People are really nice and good selection of colors for girls.
5	Still the best in town! Do you know why I like this place? It's because the workers there are so nice! This place is so good that they are in the Luxury magazine! I would recommend this place to women who want their nails done properly and professionally. It is really relaxing there and the workers there talk to you about your day and how you are doing. This place is the best in las Vegas probably i don't know, but it's the best one I know!!! Still has a variety of colors and they always have a new set of colors such as Katy perry colors and Texas colors. I heard they are having a special. Well the gel manicures are still there, so try it!
5	Excellent Sevice, Friendly Staff, Beautiful, Relaxing and The Best Prices in Town! I wish I had found them sooner!! Love The the new polishes! Especially the Katie Perry!
4	I got exactly what wanted when I went there to get a gel manicure.  Square nails, not cut my cuticles, and out of there in 45 mins.  The girl did my gel manicure just how I wanted it pink French tips with white polka dots and fully painted ring finger with polka dots.  They have not chipped and are still shiny, reasonably priced too for what I got done $40 including 2 3d bows.  I will be going there again for sure.
1	Just plain rude. Didn't answer questions. Then when I asked how long the wait she shrugged her shoulders.
4	They do a awesome gel manicure!  Not 2 thick, square top, with a hello kitty n 3D bows!!! The best in the area, n I've tried a lot of them.... This is where I will stayService was pleasant n helpful. I highly recommend them!
1	Made an appointment and had to wait 30 mins after my appointment time. Why even make an appointment? Really bad business practice no matter what your nails look like after. Not a friendly bunch either.One day after getting my nails done one of them popped off and they put the acrylic so far from the cuticle it looked like I needed to get them done immediately after leaving. not good.
5	Best gel manicure and pedicure I have ever had, and the staff was very nice and friendly.  They were personable and no wait even though I didn't have an appointment.
