3	Ok, so every BB&B is pretty much the same but this location isn't too horrible of a suburban hot spot like I expected. It's in a good location since you have a Target, World Market, Ross and Kohl's in the same center however they definitely need more people working on a Saturday. I walked in there right before noon on Saturday and when I did, I instantly regretted it since there was a mob of people waiting at customer service and in line for the cashier while a manager ran around like a chicken with it's head cut off. I would have walked out and come back but I was on a mission to find a wedding gift for a couple who is registered there. I like the registry has pretty much any item under the sun and you can decide what kind of gift you're going to get the couple. Towels that say "Hey I like you and know you, hope you stay clean the duration of your marriage" or down comforters that say "Hey I really love you and want to drop 200 bones on you in hopes that you stay warm" Staff was friendly though for being so swamped, they pointed me in the right direction and I even got my gift wrapped for free. Hooray for no newspaper wrapping. Yeah, Bed Bath and Beyond has it all.
4	Only go here if you love gadgets and have hours to browse!
4	This is a Bed Bath and Beyond.  It probably doesn't need explaining.  The reason I write this review, is because, consistently, I've had great customer service at this location. My husband and I registered here for our wedding, so we've been in store many, many times.  Each visit, we're helped immediately, and if something can't be found someone offers to find it for us online or have it ordered. Example: Today we had to return a fan and clothes steamer that broke.  We didn't have the receipt for the steamer, but were still able to get store credit for an exchange.  The fan we wanted wasn't in store, because it's a seasonal item.  Not only did a woman help us find what was in stock, she offered to order us a fan BB&B had online.  Another associate helped her go through the stockroom to find the few fans available.  I also think they're friendly when it comes to their customer service.  Unlike Lowes Home Improvement, where sometimes you have to practically hunt someone down to get a little help. PS:  If you don't get the coupons they send in the mail for 20% off one item...just sign up for their email list and you can print a couple off!
3	Nothing much different about this location from every other Bed, Bath and Beyond - the layout is the same, the products are roughly the same, even the service is the same. I do like that the staff at BBB is generally a bit nicer than your typical Target or Wal-Mart, though you have to get up to the register for help.That can go either way - if you're wandering the aisles, you get to do so alone, but if you are struggling to find something in particular, it can make it a tough road. You could have to trek back to the front to get someone to help you out. Once found, however, they generally do a great job getting you where you need to go - in some cases even ordering the product online and getting it in for you so you can use your coupon, something you can't do if you go to the web site yourself.
4	What I like about Bed Bath and Beyond is that they have everything " I didn't know I needed...until I get there and see it" lolI especially love the great variety of kitchen items...they have everything....pots, pans, gadgets, containers, you name it they have it!  And since my kitchen is for decoration only its only right that I add several of these cool gadgets!I agree that at times the amount if stuff and how its presented can be overwhelming with something to buy from the floor to the celiling but in my opinion it's totally worth the trip!
4	Is it just me, or does BB&B have the narrowest aisles in the world? Two shopping carts can't pass by each other - someone has to go around. This place is packed tight and from floor to high ceiling, it's a ton of stuff. Most of it, the sort of "Oh, that's clever!" kinds of gadgets and gewgaws that you never really knew that you desperately needed until you came in here. I found that I needed a slide-out tray for under my kitchen sink and I needed a rolling tray for the coffee maker so that I could push it under the cabinets when it wasn't in use. I wouldn't have thought I needed it, but now that we have them, we can't live without them!Also, towels and linens and bed stuff and more vacuums than you can shake a stick at. Holy crap, this place goes on and on and on!Tip for you shoppers... please go counter-clockwise as you peruse the aisles. One person going clockwise gunks up the whole experience!Returns are a cinch if you have your receipt.
4	Whenever I get a wedding invitation in the mail, a few things pop into my head... One: Free cake!  Two: I wonder if there's an open bar and Three:  Please let them be registered at Bed, Bath and Beyond...  This place is awesome for registry gifts... Not only do they have a really cordial staff that are willing to help you find the smaller items (like apple corers) and a reasonably priced card selection (pretty doesn't have to mean pretty expensive), they also WRAP the gifts for you! For FREE!  This is such a timesaver... No more wandering around trying to gift wrap some bulky item or changing your initial gift selection because you can't find a bag to fit the one you really wanted to buy...  It's simply the best... They usually have 20% coupons that come in the mail and who doesn't love a discount? lol
4	Hello Friends,I like his store. It's quick & to the point. I watch "Good Eats" with Alton Brown and he goes to BB&B in his shows. I had a gift card from our wedding that we needed to use. We needed a new lamp for the living room. We walked around for a few and picked up a nice lamp. Got it home only to discover the "Bulb INCLUDED" bulb was Not included. But that's not BB&B fault. Everyone is very very nice and helpful!!TTFN
3	Back in the day I used to stroll through Bed Bath and Beyond and I usually walked out with something that I found that struck my fancy whether I needed it or not.  I went today for the first time in a few years.All I could think about it how this place has changed from years ago.  Let me first start off by saying that the reason I was there was to return a defective drink dispenser that upon the first use leaked mojitos all over my counter!  As others have said the aisles are very narrow and not for the claustrophobic.  The shelves are stocked with cheap, Made in China crap that doesn't seem of any quality whatsoever as evidenced by the drink dispenser.  For a Sunday afternoon, they didn't have but 2 lines open and the people were snaked all throughout the front of the store.  It was fine since I didn't wind up buying anything anyway.
