4	It's not just a bakery. You can get freshly made tortillas and the best breakfast burritos in town. They're open Tues-Sat early. Lot's of Gilbert police officers eat here, so you know it's good food for a good value. My favorite is the potato egg and cheese burrito. Whatever group owns El Zocalo in downtown Chandler also, owns El Sol.
4	So, here is what I propose you do. First, the breakfast burrito with ham, cheese and potato. Then Lunch - the giant burro with chicken, a fresh lemonade and tres leche cake. Go into a food coma for 3 days, repeat... No you will not live long, you will not be productive and eventually you will outgrow your pants, your bed, your house  but you will die happy and really that is what is all about...so, I repeat, the breakfast burrito...go for it!  El Sol is found in some dumpy strip mall on Arizona Ave next to a trophy shop and a defunct piano tuner betw/Chandler Blvd and Ray. Parking is maybe the 3 spots in front. It is the perfect lunch spot when you want to take the afternoon off and sleep, the perfect breakfast when you want to eat and nap directly afterwards.  It is not heavy food, it is not greasy food, but whatever turkey dinner has in it, it has got it in spades! It is that full, I really should take some time to enjoy this meal type of feeling. Enjoy.
2	El sol bakery is one of those places that everyone says "You have to go there" or "OMG....it is so good."  So over the past 5 years I have gone there 3 times.  Each time swearing that I would not go back for any reason, then like every victim of abuse I find myself going back to the same place that has hurt me so many times before, thinking "This time will be different."  and "Maybe it was my fault, if only I was a better customer.". The food here is good.  I have always liked the food, once I have gotten it.  But there in lies the problem with El Sol Bakery. Every time I have gone in to place an order for take out, it has taken over 1/2 hour for them to get the food to me.  Have you ever had to sit there and look like a dope waiting for your take out order?  Well if you haven't, let me give you brief snipet/summary of the conversation that played out in my head, wit my self.10 minutes after ordering:Man...this is taking a while....Can't rush good food... heh...Hmmm... lets look at my phone.15 minutes after:Boring...Hey! how in the fuck did that guy get his food, he just walked in.I am so hungry.Really?  That lady came in like a full ten minutes after me....This is horse shit.I did order didnt ?20 minutes:Am I losing my mind? Did they forget about me?Should I be a dick and say something?25 minutes:Berrber grrrrmmmdrib!Really?What the Fuck?She knows I am here, she just looked at me.Thats it. I need to say something.30 minutes:GOD MOTHER FUCKING DAMMIT!!! I AM LOSING MY MIND!All I wanted was a Burrito. That is it. A simple little burrito.I did order didnt I? Did I already say that? Hmm...what was the answer?Well did I?I have been here all morning.  It is going to start looking like I like to hang out here.That is it. I am going to burn this dump to the ground.  That'll teach em. I am not even hungry any more.And then sometime beyond 35 minutes, she brings over my order and I like the dope that I am just smile and say "Thank you" and walk out.  Why do I take such a beating over a stupid food item?  Why don't I ever say something?  Why do I go back knowing that these people are going to systemically push me over the edge?  Why does it take over a half hour to make a burrito?  Really it is not worth it.
4	Tasty and cheap has always been my personal motto. I came upon the place by accident. I haven't lived in Arizona long and had been craving pan dulce (mexican sweet bread) for a while. Then all of a sudden I am just driving around and see the sign. I am greeted very warmly and appreciate the basic menu, and they also had a substantial supply of pan dulce. The food was very good. I had the shrimp tacos and a burrito.The burrito wasn't overly huge and the tacos not greasy at all. The salsa was fantastic with just the right amount of kick. I didn't leave feeling overly stuffed and gross like I do sometimes when I have mexican food. An hour later I tried a piece of pan dulce I picked up and that was great too. I was very pleased with my under $10 meal and 4 pieces of pan dulce.
4	I love there traditional baked pastries, they always have a great selection and when I'm making burritos this is the only place I go for fresh tortillas.
5	I know this is a family owned business of 4 locations. I've been a fan of El Sol since 2000, 9 years I've been going to this great little place in Chandler, AZ.  The Bakery was once featured on The Food Network.  Every Christmas I get many of my families favorite Mexican cookies and send them home for the holidays.  I tell everyone I know about what great Breakfast burritos, tacos, tortillas, chips and salsa they serve.  The bakery goods are fresh and yummy everyday.  Never had a bad experience in the 9 years of visiting.
4	My biggest complaint is that they are not open on Monday.  Seems I always crave the sol on mondays.  They have an excellent selection of combos to choose from.  Quick service, limited dining area.  El Sol is owned by the same family that owns El Zocalo down the street.  Same great food, slightly cheaper pricing and quicker service.  Truly a treat.  Their baked goods are too die for as well.
5	This is our kind... a real winner-the most godly breakfast burrito I've ever had!! and FRESSSSSHHHHH made with their own special salsa. Love the urban decor indoor, and you see a mexican grandma cookin' it up in the kitchen-you know you're in good hands. We had to wait for a while for our food, but that was good news to us=ignore the whiners who demand the food fast. It meant that they were cooking everything from scratch. It's important that chefs invest their time and love in their food, and it reflected through my first "ahh, this is heavenly" bite of the burrito. I'm so happy I found this place!! I plan on buying their El Sol salsa. Always follow the traditional mexican bakery-guaranteed you will get authentic mexican dish. Not only El Sol was an exciting discovery, but downtown Chandler is a very cute n historic area to scope out! It's filled with many other mexican joints, which I'm sure are delicious. I look forward to going back to that area!This beats Los Favoritos. Period.
4	I really enjoy El Sol. Their service has alway been great. It always a nice change of pace to go to a smaller restaurant where people actually care. The food is great. Try the killer burrito with carne asada.
4	This place has ruined me for all most all other mexican restruants.  No one can compete with the carne asada burro.  The salsa is some of the best there is.  I can also vouche for the cheese enchiladas.  Very tasty.For breakfast: the eggs in green sauce leave me wishing I lived closer.
4	This place is a little hole in the wall, but it's got some great food.First off, the staff are very friendly and I enjoy that the kitchen is open and visible and that it looks like somebody's mom and grandma are cooking.I almost always get the #1 which is a taco and enchilada with rice and beans, but it sounds like the burritos are also good. The chips and salsa are out of this world, some of the best I've had in the valley. The food in general is very good and always tastes freshly prepared and made with love.While you're here, don't forget to checkout the bakery. They've got a ton of really good home-made stuff and it's REALLY cheap. I try to pick-up some empanadas every now and again and buy their tortillas by the bag when I want some at home.They're closed on Sundays and Mondays.
4	Wow, we rolled up for breakfast, and were pleasantly surprised.  My wife ordered a breakfast style burro with their green chile, and I asked if they had chilaquiles... WHICH THEY DID!Yeah, its not on their menu, but the chef will whip an order up for you.  Their enchilada sauce perfectly complemented this dish.  Their chips and salsa were tasty, and my wife's burro was delectable.  Really, it was delectable.  I'm not just repetitiously writing the word delectable for the hell of it.I'll be bringing the familia back to check them out for lunch, or maybe dinner fare.  And if Shakira happens to be in the neighborhood, she can come too.
5	Love it!  Everything was great and fresh (tortillas and beans were bangin!).  The baked goods were amazing (akin to some of the best bakeries in Mexico with great flavors like pineapple).  I dream of their empanadas.
3	From the variants of burritos, we had the bueno breakfast (the kitchen sink) and green burro.  The bueno is everything -- ham, bacon, cheese, etc etc... well wrap it up in a burro, and its exactly what you would expect it to taste like.  Wasn't wow'd but it was huge, and we cooked the leftovers with eggs and grits the next day (yeah Denny's style).  The green burro was better, chunky pork but I prefer Hatch green sauce for its smokiness which this didn't have.The comp salsa and chips is tasty, and for fellow cilantro haters, the radar didn't go off!  The wait is looooong, so pickup an empanada to snack on while you do... the to-go area was full by the time we left, just waiting and waiting.  Friendly staff!
4	This place has killer deep fried tacos.Couple that with the perfect salsa, and you've got yourself a winner.It's a little pricey, but it's worth it.My wife loves the pineapple empanadas from here.
5	Hands down the best green chili pork I've ever had. Had the hungry man special breakfast burrito last Friday and Cam back today to get some breakfast (all the way from Arcadia). The green chili pork is fucking amazing! Spicy and delicious in a "make the back of your head sweat" kind of way. Pork and cheese wrapped in a tortilla made while the rest of the food was cooking, the tortilla was the bonus point. Fresh-made while the pork was cooking it was delicious and perfectly done. I will be back there, and a lot!
4	Is it tacky to turn "Om nom nom" into a review? Because that's my review of El Sol: Om nom nom.There are lots of great comments here about their (admittedly delicious) breakfast burritos and other foodish Mexican food, but the best part of El Sol in my opinion is the part in its name: the bakery. Tons of tasty baked and otherwise pastry-based goods. I would kill for their empanadas. Maybe not literally. But figuratively, without a doubt. They're always perfectly done and have a crust that's just right. And they're available in nearly any flavor you could want. I'm totally jonesing for an El Sol empanada now after writing this.
5	I start drooling just thinking about this place. The food here is amazing and so is the staff. I moved to San Fran for 6 months and when I came back, they remembered me and I only went there like once a week before. Let me start off with the burritos: the tortilla is absolutely scrumptious and grilled lightly to perfection, you can tell they actually make it themselves. The meat is so juicy and delicious I can't even begin to describe it. My personal favorite is the shredded beef burrito (i add cheese to it..mmmm). Their breakfast burritos are also insanely good and have good portions of ingredients (it's not all egg).SALSA!!! Holy hell, their salsa is phenomenal and available for purchase in-store in the fridge on the side in a small or large container sizes. Sometimes, if you mail Santa enough, they sell it at Costco in large containers...those days are glorious. They also have fresh chips that they make every day that are soooo good.Finally, the pastries...yum yum yum, I''m in love with the cream horns and cherry empanadas. They are always baked to perfection and are so fresh.I'd recommend this place to anyone, great for breakfast, lunch or dinner since they now have extended hours from 7am to 8pm Tuesday-Saturday. Only downside here is that they aren't open every day :(
2	I'm truly incredulous at all the high recommendations for this restaurant.  Because not only is it overpriced, but the taste is something the owners overlooked in their zeal to be authentic.Problem number one is the long wait... too long for food that is so simple to assemble.  I do give them credit for actually making a freshly-fried tortilla for their hard tacos, but it shouldn't take much longer than not frying.  Assuming they have steam tables with hot food ready to assemble, it shouldn't take but a few minutes per order.Problem number two, and I do emphasize this as being a big problem, is taste.  Beyond the great taste and texture of a freshly fried tortilla, the hard taco I ordered was absolutely boring.  Lettuce, tomato... and meat.  I'm not one to drown everything in salsa, so there was no rescuing it from that angle.  On my opinion, if the food doesn't taste great without salsa, it's not good tasting food.  Salsa should be an enhancement, not an integral part of the dish.  So that may be the problem here -- they overload your to-go bag with salsa in the hopes that you'll drown the food in salsa so you won't taste the food.I also managed to taste their burrito, which seemed to be totally assembled with fresh ingredients.   Again, I totally applaud their effort.  The tortilla was freshly grilled, as was the meat.  In fact, it was over-grilled, with a strange carbonized/bitter taste.  Maybe it was the beans.  Or the rice, for what little I could find in the burrito (did I mention I'm originally from Nor-Cal? We do 'em different than the gringos do down here -- our burritos contain rice, mean and beans only).Maybe it was the fact that I ordered a dish in a non-conventional way, and by combining ingredients that weren't meant to be combined I ruined their carefully planned flavor stack.  What I mean by that is that their regular burrito contains only meat and salsa, as do many burrito shops here in Phoenix.  They offer a "super burrito" with rice, meat and beans AND guacamole and sour cream + cheese (the latter 3 which I don't want), but charge a hefty $8.00.  The problem here, obviously, is that I don't want to pay extra for something I don't want.  So this is why I ordered it in an "unconventional" way.  I wanted it in a way they weren't offering -- rice, meant and beans only.  I think I now understand why they don't offer it that way -- they expect their customers to drown their food in guacamole, sour cream and cheese in the expectation that they won't experience the real taste and texture of their food.  Taco Bell, with their wide range of poor excuses foor food, makes better tasting food than this place.  Several bites into the burrito I realized that something in the burrito was overwhelmingly bitter or burnt.  There was no home-cookin' aroma or taste like authentic burritos, just bitter and conflicting.  There was nothing pleasant and soul-warming, just confusion and disappointment.Finally, the prices were quite high.  Given how average their portions were in terms of size, there was no good reason for them to charge so much.  Plus this kind of food can be made deliciously without a lot of expense, it's all a matter of being clever.  Anyone that has to skimp on taste and portions does not know how to run a food business.  The bakery items looked deliciuous and freshly made, so it's possible that is what's driving their business.  Given my experience with their Mexican food, however, I doubt many people return.  In a sea of Mexican food establishments in Chandler, this is just another over-priced, over-hyped Mexican restaurant.  Next!
5	I LOVE LOVE this place. I literally drive from GOODYEAR to go there and have lunch  40 Miles... The Food is way way above par.  and the staff who have all been there for years are the nicest people on the east side.  They dont remember my name but he and she always remember my Ice Tea and My Chimi.Such a relaxing a great place to eat.  Another little fact their Pico De Gayo and Picante Sauce is even sold in SAMS CLUBS!LeShane
5	Best Mexican food in Chandler - hands down.  I'm a religious bean/cheese/rice burrito eater and El Sol does not let me down.  Their tortillas are excellent, and their salsa is amaaaazing.  The service is great and the staff is so so friendly and always remembers our work lunch group (as we go about once a week).  DEFINITELY recommended....  Rivals Carolina's in my mind for best Mexican in the city as far as their burritos are concerned!
4	If you love Mexican baked goods, you NEED to check this place out! The only non-spectacular thing was waiting a couple of minutes to be helped. However, once I was helped, the man was friendly and extremely helpful. I bought some pan de huevo and apple empanadas. Fresh and made right in front of you! The price and baked goods cannot be beat!
3	Counter service.  Not overly friendly service.Chips were good.  Veggie burrito was okay.  Would eat it again but not go out of my way for it.  Entertainment coupon is only good at dinner time.  :(
5	El Sol has amazing food. The Pollo Asado grilled chicken burrito is one of the highest quality burritos in town. Their Chorizo, Potato and Egg burrito is also excellent. The bakery pastries are great. They are closed Mondays. If you like El Zocalo in Downtown Chandler or Mango's in Downtown Mesa, this place is owned and operated by the same family.Pro Tip: You can get a large container of their fresh salsa at the Sam's Club south of the restaurant on Arizona Ave and the 202.
4	I still hit this place any time I can.  It is probably my favorite mexican place and definitely my favorite burrito place in town.  I hadn't seen one of the owners in quite a while and she still remembered me by name.  Great food and great people.  Chilero's is owned by the same family and if you live in the area is also great.
4	Don't let the higher prices stop you from ordering at the counter. Everything is hot and fresh.
2	Pricey for what you get. Pretty good flavor. Service was ok. I'd say go to Elmer's right down the street instead.
2	The beef, bean and cheese burrito was OK, it was not worth the $8.00 they charged me for it, I could have got two larger one from somewhere else. I will not be going back to this location the prices have increased and the bakery has almost dissappeared, they need to changed the name of this place. One thumb up and one thumb down!
5	Great food!  Homemade tortillas that are very good.  The horchata is the best I had, others most also think so because it sells out before I get there half the time.  I have had their breakfast burro, green chili tostada, and menudo and been very pleased with all.
5	Great little Mexican place. Everything I have gotten here has been great! Much better quality than the chain places! My picky kid will even eat here! Love it!
5	Great little Mexican place. The interior is very nice and updated. They have the best tortillas around and the prices are very good. If you haven't been here you should definitely check it out.
5	Their breakfast burritos are awesome, mostly because their tortillas are amazing. The chips and salsa are really good as well. We've enjoyed anything we've ever eaten here. The only downsides, which aren't even worth deducting a star, are that the tea never tastes fresh and their hours/days could be better.
5	Fresh tortillas are made in front of your eyes and delivered to your mouth. Wonderful bakery selection, great empenadas. I enjoyed the simple bean and cheese burrito but it's all good.  Clean dining area, good service, stop reading this and go there! Shout out to the "dubonthereg" blog for the photos. Great little blog, enjoyed reading this and other reviews.
5	I love El Sol! I used to work at a little bar across the street that got all of their fresh tortillas from here. That was back when they were only a bakery. They now have a full menu of Mexican food also, and they cook as well as they bake. We often stop for breakfast and you can taste the fresh baked tortilla that I remember from years ago wrapped into a gigantic breakfast burrito.  It's clean and the people at the counter are beyond friendly. Thank you El Sol
5	I've never had a bad meal here.  The carne asada is juicy, the pastries unique and fresh.  The tortillas are always fresh and soft.  If you love home made Mexican food this is the place.  Try the chicharrones, thery're fantastic!
4	These folks are open for breakfast and lunch only.  The menu is modest.  A few varieties of breakfast burritos, plus some "classic" items like tacos and burros.I've had the chorizo breakfast burrito and the shredded beef tacos.  The former was tasty, but a bit mild.  Chorizo should have a 'kick' to it, but theirs doesn't.  Perhaps it's the other things in it that diluted it.  The tacos were excellent.  Simple, but really good.I will likely be back, and I will try the chimi.  The result of that may either raise or lower my rating.  This rating really is about 3.5 stars, but YELP doesn't allow that.  I rounded up because Ramon was very friendly and helpful.
2	Been to this place 3 times, this morning being the 3rd.  My turn-off to this place is 3 fold.  First is the unbelievably long wait it is to get a take-out order done - even when there are no other orders in their system.  20 minutes for a couple of burritos?2cd, this place is WAY over priced!  Their breakfast burritos are just short of 5 bucks, but they do not come with cheese, they charge you and extra .50 cents for that.  I had their version of Huevos Rancheros and it was nothing to come out of my way for. Small portions and the price was almost 8 bucks.  The guy working the counter today told me $4.95 for 10 freshly made flour tortillas.  Seriously? This is NOT a good price.  3rd,the dude working the counter.  About as much personality as a box of rocks and he has been working that counter all 3 times I have been there.  Their competition out beats them in price, quality, speed-of-service and taste, hands down.  I am referring to Los Dos Favoritos.  Their burritos are much cheaper and taste MUCH better and the wait is FAR less.  Their version of Huevos Rancheros is also far superior and the same to be found with everything on their menu, IMO.  I'm not saying the food here is bad, per-se, it just doesn't match up to other Mexican Food restaurants in town.  They are calling this place a bakery, I am assuming, because of all the freshly-made desserts and "pan" they have out there. It all looks good, but again, the price is too high.  The New Mexico grill is also better.  Anyway, not the worst place on earth but their prices need to come down and the amont of time it takes to get a small order out needs to decrease substantially.
5	First time visit - menudo and caldo de res were phenomenal!! Service is fantastic. taste just like abuelitas house!!
4	We eat here constantly for lunch - fast - consistent - awesome mexican food and bomb pastry's too. Those cone things... get one... you can thank me later.They do take debit and good chips and salsa while you wait but I've never had a lunch order come out more than ~6 min wait. refills on cokes and chips and a small little dining area but it's classic chandler hole in the wall with awesome food.  You have to go here
4	Salsa is outstanding. Same with the tortillas. Would've given full 5-stars, but was disappointed in the Huevos Rancheros I got. I hope to go back soon and try more of their delicious looking menu items! This is truely Mexican food, which I appreciate.
1	Food was OK prices were outrageous combination plates are an average 10 dollars, if you want cheese tack on more money. Been there done that won't return......
4	It's like Mexican food without being super greasy. Else everything is good here. Service is good as well.  Wish this place was bigger that's all.
4	Probably the best breakfast burrito known to man! I had the egg and potato add pollo asado.  From the fresh handmade tortilla to the juicy chicken this is a world class burrito.  Their salsa has the right combination of flavors and spice to compliment the excellent food. The only drawback is the wait, but food this delicious is well worth the wait.
5	Excellent breakfast burritos , awesome 60's rock playing and beautifully decorated. Tortilla, potatoes and egg were all very fresh. Salsa was amazing too. We will be back very soon.
4	Great authentic home style cooking. Fresh warm tortillas. Service with a smile and a great clean, bright atmosphere.
5	This place is mine and my husbands breakfast spot.  Nice charming and delicious food.  I always order their combo meals and my husband loves the green chili.  Get on their text group and get daily specials sent to your phone.Their Mexican sweet bread is like eating the fluffy clouds of heaven....an out of body experience.  Enjoy the ride folks!!
4	Great burritos. I had chorizo, potato and egg. Not greasy, good stuff. Homemade tortillas are so good! Homemade lemonade is also fantastic. Friendly staff. Why would anyone go to a chain restaurant when there's a great local one right here?!
5	Great family restaurant!Great food and holy horchata! Love the tacos and enchiladas. Burritos ain't bad either.The gems of this place are the pastries and the horchata. Seriously. Save some room for dessert. And they have the best horchata in town. It even beats out Joyride Tacos, hands down! No contest...They're not open for dinner so aim to get there before they close! Prices are a tad more than some places. About $10-11 a person, but we still love to go.
5	I first came to this restaurant over 10years ago and they still are delivering the same quality, if not better. The pastries are okay, but the burritos and most other items are made with love. Staff is always friendly and helpful. Oh and the best item (to Me)is the horchata! You'll be sure not to leave disappointed after your visit!! What you waiting for??
4	Service - very nice, efficient, informative, and no pushy sales (jk).Wait - mmmaybe ten minutes.  We dined in so we certainly weren't in a hurry.  Food - started with chips and salsa.  Best tortilla chips ever.  Thick, but crispy so they break clean and easily but no threat to breaking teeth.  Salsa was innocent, until you least expect it and then it sneaks up and says hello.  A nice bit of flame to lure you back for more.  I think my Mother In Law might like this stuff.My breakfast was Juevos Rancheros and it was prepared much differently here than anywhere else I've had it.  Those other places must be fakin' it.  Crisply fried flour tortilla topped with two eggs and their green sauce, refried beans and some fantastic fried potatoes on the side along with a hot flour tortilla wrapped in foil to keep it hot.I think I heard myself say, "Get in my stomach" outloud!  I'm so embarrassed.  Okay, not really.  It was smelling so good and several steps from the norm, I was happy to have a fork in my hand and doing its thing.I couldn't finish my breakfast but my son was happy to finish the task and lick the plates clean.I enjoyed talking to the owner and the wife of the gentleman whose art graces the walls.   I enjoy seeing nice art by local talent on display, and how cool is it that he's part of the business too.Great food and a feast for the eyes as well.Love having another fantastic dining option.
