2	I was very disappointed today. I walked in inquiring about the Obama Spiderman issue. I was told they sold out.  I wanted to know how many copies they had because other stores of similar size  in the valley usually get similar volume. Instead of giving me a straight answer, they tried to pawn off the second printing. I told them I was only interested in the first printing because I'm a colletor.  Apparently they thought I was some moron off the street that didn't have any money so they tried to convince me to buy the second printing and convince me that it was going to be a collectors item. They were trying to get me to preorder it.Anyway, I hate these shady sales tactics. I usually shop at All About Books and Comics but Atomic is closer to my house so sometimes I will pop in there. Now I know why I avoid this place.  They have nice t-shirts but otherwise, I avoid this place. Furthermore, their comics are not always kept in the best condition and many of their issues are wrinkled. They also filter their comics before placing them on the wrack to covet the ones in the best condition.
3	The sales people here are very knowledgable and helpful. They are also very friendly and great with reccomendations.I know it is a comic store but I only went there for DnD books/suppliments and ocassional Anime.I am pretty sure their Anime is bootleged, but due to how cheap it is and the fact that you usually can't find it anywhere else I don't care. They often come in complete sets for like 30 bucks which is great for a whole series. I have had problems watching them on PS2/Xbox sometimes but due to the price I keep coming back. Now then if it weren't for this next part they would have a 4 star.They no longer sell DnD books, or Dice sets which breaks my heart. They always had the best selection when it came to dice and I haven't been able to find another place that carries more than 5-6 at a time.Out of all the Atomic Comics I have been to I like this one the most, the people there are always fun and inviting I can't stress that enough.
3	Cool place to kill time before the movies.Robert Pfeifer
2	No way, go to All About Books and Comics better. This chain is only good for children and the casual comic book reader, not if you are a serious collector like me. No good selection on graphic novels and no selection in the horror genre.
5	Disclosure:  I admit that I am biased when it comes to Atomic Comics.  Mike Malve, the owner, has been a good friend of mine for years and I owe him an apology for not doing this sooner.  However, if you get to know Mike, you will feel the same.Atomic Comics, at all its Arizona locations (not the grubby wannabe in California) is, hands down, the best comic store I have ever been in in my 45 years (sob) on this Earth.  One of Mike's secrets is that he hires people who not only know comics, but have people skills as well.  His employees are actually helpful (no, really).  They can work just as easily with a dyed-in the wool anime geek or a woman looking for a gift for a boyfriend she has only just started dating.  Trust me, these people will help you find a perfect gift (I like gift cards from Atomic if you are wondering).Atomic's "secret recipe," though, is Mike himself.  When it comes to selling comics Mike is a genius. His stores are spacious, well-lit and organized so that they are welcoming to even a first time buyer.  This is key because a bad shop can turn someone off comics as quickly as a good movie can turn someone onto them.  Mike has cool promotions and sales, often tied in with movie releases, holidays or Rodney Dangerfield's birthday.  If you are near an Atomic store, I encourage you to subscribe to their website.  The weekly coupons alone can save you a fortune.If you get to know Mike you will learn that he really cares about the industry and making it better, both in terms of sales and content/quality.  As a result, he has a lot of great connections and he works really hard to make people respect the medium as a legitimate art form.  Despite the fact that he is incredibly hard working, he is also one of the kindest and funniest guys you could ever want to meet.Run, don't walk, to an Atomic Comics near you.
4	Had exactly what I want and more.  Great store, great customer service and GREAT selection.  One of the bigger selections for the size of the store.  They do have a great location next to the theater, as people do like to browse while waiting for the movie; I HOPE this brings in more business, please nerds, buy while you wait!
5	This place is one of my favorite comic shops. I actually live closer to a different one, but I drive to chandler just to go to this one. I like their selection and when they have the dollar sale you can get some ridiculous deals. The staff is ridiculously friendly and I usually always walk out with whatever I wanted. They also have some cool events from time to time and i've found their prices to be reasonable and comparable to other comic shops.
2	So sad closed. Oh well.
