4	8 years ago I adopted my Aussie mix Mojave. After she had been home for a couple of days she had gotten really sick, so I immediately took her to the closest vets office. (NOT Henderson Animal Hosp)This office told me that Mojave most likely had Parvo, but they wouldn't treat her until they could test her.  So I was like, well test her already! They said they were out of tests and wouldn't have any for a few days. I was SOOOO pissed, and obviously there was no way I was going wait a "few days".  So I bailed, and called the first animal hospital that came up on my phone - Henderson Animal Hospital. (BTW this place is NOT at all a convenient location for me.) They took Mojave in right away, tested her and started treatment right away. Mojave did well and came home a few days later. (Hmmm, imagine if I had waited a few days)Henderson Animal Hospital has been treating Mojave ever since. They also treated my border collie/aussie mix Shelly until she finally passed.  When I found out Shelly had lymphoma, Dr. Larsen talked me through all my options and we came up with the best possible plan. I did everything I could for a 14 year old dog, and we had one last fun month together. Shelly had been with me for 14 years and when it was time for her to go, it was one of the worst days of my life. But,  Dr. Larsen and the whole staff were really sensitive and helped us through it. Mojave is still doing well, after parvo treatment, surgery on her leg, (which needed a metal rod, and rehab), to teeth cleaning, to surgically removing some excess skin causing an infection, and treatment of her chronic arthritis, I couldn't ask for a better vet and animal hospital. Like I mentioned before this location is so not convenient for me, and people often suggest I just get a new vet. (There is literately one I could walk to.) But I won't. As long as we are in Vegas I will continue to see Dr. Larsen and Henderson Animal Hospital.
5	Henderson Animal Hospital and Dr. Van der Walt saved my Belgian sheepdog. I had taken him there after being released from his last vet while he was half dead. Dr. Van der Walt took him right in and agreed with his diagnoses. She treated him immediately and within 24 hours he was getting better. I was called at least daily with updates on his condition, even though I was visiting him daily. He was released after 3 nights in the hospital, eating, taking his medications and playing with the other dogs. I couldn't ask for better care of my dog and myself. They are lifesavers and really care about the animals they're entrusted with.They will be our family vet from now on.
4	We are new to town. Took my lab in for booster shots. Overall seems like a nice office. The Vet didn't really talk too much. She just checked our dog out and gave her its shots. The dog was really comfortable with her and even wanted to lick her face. We will be taking out other dog there as well.
5	Wonderful docs and staff!  Very reasonably priced services.  Convenient and extended hours including weekends.We brought our young dogs in when we first moved here 6 months ago for check ups and boosters.  All around nice office, friendly staff.  We felt comfortable bringing both dogs back for the low cost spay and neuter clinic.  They took both dogs in at the same time, explained each procedure (we have one of each) and thoroughly explained all the after-surgery care for both of them.  We got a call from Dr Vanderwalt as soon as they were both out of surgery and awake letting us know things went very well.  We also got a call a couple days post surgery checking up - that was nice.  Both dogs recovered very well with no problems.I didn't realize the office also has boarding services.  We went out of town overnight and brought the dogs here early on a Friday morning and picked them up just before closing on Saturday.  I was impressed at the reasonable cost for this - it was only $34 total for both dogs!  We also received a call the next day to make sure everything was good with the dogs after boarding.  I've never had a boarding facility do follow-up calls, that was great.I love that they are a full-service office serving all your dogs needs and have after hours emergency services there as well.  In my previous experience with other dogs, I've had to call an emergency hospital instead of my regular vet.  I hope to not have to use this service, but I feel good knowing it's there.
5	The entire staff Is very nice and friendly. My first visit was last December when my cat was dying and I called a lot of vet offices and none would squeeze me, but the staff here was very nice & told me to come whenever I could get there.. Since that time I have started taking my dog here and the doctor is very sweet and caring. I really couldn't ask for anything more , they are awesome
5	Anna, one of the Vet Techs, came in to visit my dog during his most recent visit. She had cared for him while he was in the hospital several months ago. My dog treated her the way he only has ever interacted with me. He knew that she had been so kind and caring while saving his life. It turned out that she would sit in his cage with him trying to get him to eat. To see my dog act this way brings tears  to my eyes to think that this woman treated him the way I treat him. To Dr. Vanderwalt, Anna, and all the staff, my heartfelt and deepest gratitude for the care you provided and continue to provide.
1	It's too bad that I cannot review the doctor. I called to set up an appointment per instructions from the Animal Foundation for my newly adopted dog, and the lady was rude, didn't listen to what I was saying, and treated me as if I was an interruption. I won't go to a place that treats me like that on the phone...
3	This is a pretty reasonable vet with good prices and semi-friendly staff depending on the day and hour. You do have to be careful because certain doctors will try to charge you for things that aren't necessary. I took my pet in for a urinary tract infection. They kept her all day to take a urine sample from open to close. When she wouldn't urinate they finally gave her something that would help just an hour before closing time. My pet has bad anxiety in surroundings that she is not familiar with so keeping her longer than necessary was a real nail bitter. I was a little upset when I went to pick my pet up and she had been laying in her pee in the cage. They did attempt to rinse her fur but with cat urine it needs more than a simple rinse with water. It really is not a big deal and I'm pretty sure I'll be back but I do expect to receive my animal in the same appearance as they were when I dropped them off. Unfortunately I had to bring her home and bathe her at 8 at night when there is no sunlight to dry. Little upsetting but if you can look past little things like that then go ahead and schedule an appointment. This place is more reasonable than Spencer Springs for sure!
