4	This is the burgh's mini Rockefeller Center!  I get so excited when I see the rink going up every year around October.  It's one of the best things to do around the holidays regardless of if you have kids, going with friends or date.  Remember that it will be the most crowded Friday-Sunday and also you'll be paying around $10 including skates.  But it's worth it at least once a year!
5	Who doesn't love an ice rink in the winter as the holidays approach? PPG's ice rink opens every year on Light Up night and continues on until spring. I love skating here, it's actually a bigger skating surface than most in the area. It's in a great location too, surrounded buy the buildings of PPG Place with a huge christmas tree in the center. Who's up for some hot chocolate?
4	This is Pittsburgh's answer to the larger cities' ice skating rink. It is a nice rink with the Christmas tree in the middle. Prices are reasonable although I'm not really a skater. The tree itself is built over an obelisk when not in use. During the other times of the year it serves as a nice place to get out on the plaza and have a outdoor lunch. There are several eateries surrounding it.Right now coupled with the holiday market next door in Market Square it makes for a fun filled family day when the weather is nice. Downtown usually isn't that crowded on weekends and parking at that time is affordable. Sometimes they set up gingerbread displays in one of the buildings but this last visit I wasn't looking for it.
3	I remember when the rink at PPG place was first built several years ago. My mom, brother, and I came down on Christmas Day to skate. Even if you're not a fan of the cold, there is just something magical about skating around a giant lit up Christmas tree, stopping for hot cocoa, and watching the flakes fall. This past Saturday, the rink was more crowded than I had ever seen it before. It could have partly been due to the unseasonably warm weather we seem to be having on the weekends this year, but anyways, there was a huge line and it looked as if they were letting people in systematically rather than anyone who buys tickets can start skating. Prices are reasonable as is the skate rental. This is a solid family activity and, I imagine, would be an extra special treat for any kids coming down to the gingerbread house to see Santa. Also of note, they are open both Christmas Eve and Christmas Day so it is always a nice way to break up one of those days as well.
