5	I have only been to see Gustavo and Brooke, but I can honestly say, they are AWESOME! Gustavo knows what he's doing. He sees a vision, and will run with it, if you allow it. Trust me, allow it. I'm a redhead now, and NEVER thought those words would come from my mouth. Brooke is an artist. Trust your face to her, you won't be sorry!!Shaaron Stowers
5	Ok first I will clarify, I do rent a room here as I'm an esthetician, skin queen, waxer and bronzing specialist. I could go anywhere for the following services but Love the quality I've received. Picky to describe me is by far an under statement. I see Gustavo Felix for amazing, healthy blonde hair. His color placement technic is beyond all the years I've had partial highlights put all over and damaged my hair. Im thankful to have been educated on why that is not correct. Next is Rosemary Ramsey, she does shellac on the hands and amazing Pedi's with Opi Polish. Love getting pampered by her!Vilma Blum does NRT and Massage Therapy. She's helped with pulled or strained muscles and also gives a realllllly good massage. Wether your looking for therapeutic or pure relaxation she nails it. She's also a registered nurse.
5	I go to Gustavo to get my hair done. He is NEVER a disappointment. Leave it up to him, and you will never be either. He does amazing work. Cut and color are always a showstopper. He is amazing. Brooke does my waxing. She is amazing. My husband was not one to notice much about beauty things I had done. The first time she did my brows, he stopped what he was doing and asked who did my eyebrows. She is awesome. I will not let anyone else touch my facial hair. You NEED to go see here. I have only seen these two at The Spa, but if the others are anywhere as good as the two, then they are awesome as well. You need to book your appointment with them SOON.
5	Brooke is THE WAX QUEEN!!  She has been working with me and waxing both my legs and underarms.  I've been to her several times and am so pleased with every single visit!!   I highly recommend Brooke for ALL your waxing needs--she IS the best.  I have had waxing done before and no one compares!  My next beauty goal is to get her micro current facials with no harsh chemicals! Can't wait.  Thank you Brooke--where have you been all my life? =)
5	Brooke is amazing! Leave it up to her to give your skin the rejuvenation it needs with a facial I always feel so refreshed after getting one ! She also does an amazing job meeting your waxing needs (male or female!) she's quick and almost painless and the best waxer I have ever been too! I also love her natural looking Novell spray tans that she formulates to your skin tone. All in all I love how Brooke uses top quality products, she always is friendly and no matter what service I'm getting done I feel so relaxed and comfortable.Gustavo does hair here as well and I love how he creates the perfect blonde for me, he also has this new wonderful product called olaplex and it repairs damaged hair which is how mine always is because of it being so curly. It also protects against new damage so I don't have to worry about my blonde damaging my hair.
