4	Family stayed here while on a weekend stay in Madison to see the Univ. Wisc football game.  This is a very nice hotel for families on a weekend, or for business travelers.  We stayed in a 2 bedroom suite; both beds were king-sized and very comfortable. We had a refrigerator, microwave, and coffee maker. Big bathroom was very nice.   At $139 plus taxes ($20). It is a very good deal.  The hotel is about 20 mins. from downtown. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. Has a buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner. Pool is so small, it is not really a pool for swimming, has nice work out room, and the pool-hot tub area is very clean and pleasant.
4	We stayed here on a Saturday night after catching a concert in the Dells. Cambria Suites is located in an office park on the east side of Madison. The styling of this hotel is very contemporary and comparable to the Hyatt place. The room we stayed in was a king room, and it had a separate office area, 2- 32 inch flat panel tvs, and a very spacious bathroom. There is a nice shelf wall that divides the office area from the bed area. For under $100, this place was a steal.The only downsides were that the tvs were a little small for the room and there was no free breakfast.Overall, I would stay here again. Its a nice alternative to the Super 8 and some of the more rundown Madison hotels.
4	A very nice hotel with suites instead of rooms. It's relatively new (2 years old?) and well designed throughout. The rooms are comfortable in size with lots of electrical outlets (one of my peeves with many hotels), very nice furniture in the rooms and a comfortable lobby area. They make a decent latte in the morning too. The cost for a room is very reasonable considering how nice the hotel is. My only complaint is that it is located several miles from the center of town so there aren't any decent restaurants that are nearby. In any case I'd definitely come back here.
4	Very nice rooms.  Quiet and peaceful.  Away from Madison downtown but worth the drive.
2	Nice hotel with crappy wireless.  When traveling for work you need wifi and this place was bogged down every night to dial up speed, if you could even get onto the network.
4	I love Cambria Suites so much I wish there was one in every city I visit because it would be the only place I'd stay. The hotels are clean, beautiful, and inexpensive. The pool area is small and the wireless service was slow, but overall I still love this hotel as it's one of the very few that I feel comfortable staying in because it's so clean. My only complaint is that the guy taking care of the bar could stand to smile once in awhile. In a service position you need to be friendlier than this guy was.
5	This place is new, clean, top of the line, hi-tech, everything you'd want and more.  And if you stay here make sure you go check out Takumi Japanese for dinner... its really freaking good... I suggest the alligator roll.
5	I stay here Monday through Thursday almost every week.  This hotel is very clean and the staff is exceptional.  Since Cambria Suites isn't a very well known hotel name.  I often compare it with a Hyatt Place.  It's a very similar concept.  The rooms are modern but comfortable.  They all have 2 TV's, a refrigerator and a large bathroom.The lobby has an informal walk-up bar and a limited menu that has a lot of staples.There's also a hot tub and pool....that no one (but me) ever uses and a nice size gym.  I also love the paths that surround the hotel for running.Try it, you'll like it.
4	Very nice hotel. Newer facility in office park. The room was good sized. There are flat screen tvs, a desk, a separate seating area, and very comfortable beds. I slept great. The breakfast looked good although I only had the yogurt.
3	I'm a little on the fence between two and three stars. Can I unofficially give it 2.5 stars?We chose Cambria because we wanted to get out of town for the weekend and they were offering a pretty good deal through Groupon. The place it new and nicely decorated but I felt it was a bit loud and the walls were kind of thin. Most frustrating is that even though the rooms have individual thermostats, the heat/air is the usual hotel-style super loud unit under the window. I mean, super loud. It woke me up every time it kicked on. That combined with a noisy neighbor left me exhausted in the morning, not the escape I was hoping for. The location is ok I guess if you don't mind driving every time you want to go down town (if you're looking at a Groupon they may be offering, the picture is misleading, it implies that they are downtown).
4	Just stayed for the weekend, and had one of the best times.  Staff was very nice, rooms were very clean and modern.  I like having the separate sitting room from where the bed is. There is one thing that they could improve though.  I wanted to sleep in, but the sun woke me up each day because there is only a sheer curtain, so ask for a room on the west side if you want to sleep in. This would not keep me away though I would definitely stay here again.
4	I loved this place! I would have given it five stars, but FREE breakfast through Hampton Inns beats Cambria Suites. If you are use to the Hampton Inn standard: clean facilities, new furniture and structure, great customer service and a comfortable bed. This is the place for you! Not to mention, this is one of the few hotels with all cable channels and HBO. It seems we have gotten away from the days of when hotels would advertise "Free HBO/Cinemax and A/C." Both of these were great. The wi-Fi is very strong and awesome. We streamed YouTube for my son's dinosaurs shows and it worked perfectly. All around, this was a five star hotel, but Free breakfast would be nice.
4	Great!  Clean, spacious rooms, comfy beds, nice bathrooms, upgraded features, friendly staff, decent  (pay) breakfast!  We scored this place via a mystery hotel through Expedia or Travelocity or something - so the price was right.   Only downside - location wasn't really ideal for us.   Overall, nice place and a place we'd consider again in the future.
4	The Cambria is really nice and I have always enjoyed staying here.  The lobby area is spacious and open and the restaurant/bar area is well laid out.  Pool is small but nice and clean and I find the people who work here nice and inviting.  Rooms are suites complete with two flat panel TVS, microwave and frig.  Beds are comfortable and housekeeping is timely and complete.  Wi-fi was slow at times especially using my Apple TV.  Parking is a bit of a pain at times but all in all this a nice property.  Breakfast buffet is average but satisfying.
5	For a family getaway, we opted to stick to the Cambria Suites chain and thoroughly enjoyed our experience.  The suites were spacious and comfortable.  We were a little surprised not to see a safe in the suite but just a small detail.  Customer service was extra friendly and helpful.  The pool was a bit small and shallow but the perfect size for our young children.We love the Cambria Suites brand and look forward to our next visit!  We did opt out of the breakfast buffet and hit up Cracker Barrel nearby instead.
4	Great hotel.  My only complaint was that the very small pool is in a room kept very warm.  In their defense, I didn't complain about this and give them any opportunity to have this adjusted.  But what I love is that the pool, hot tub and fitness room are open 24-7.  How awesome is that?!  Our room was just gorgeous and definitely clean.  Breakfast was tasty.  Front desk staff were friendly.  Location is a little far from the center of Madison, but that wasn't a big deal for us.
1	My girlfriend and I stayed her a couple of weekends ago. Unfortunately this hotel gets 1 star due to their lack of customer service. After we checked out of the hotel and were on our way to the airport, my girlfriend realized she left her dress hanging in the closet. We called immediately and they said they found the dress and would mail it out and they would charge my card. A few days later I called to confirm, because I had not seen the charge on my credit card and we hadn't received the dress. The dress just disappeared and that employee no longer worked there. It was an expensive dress and I feel cambria should reimburse us, at least partially for our stay, but they took no responsibility and offered us nothing. Really disappointing. I realize it was our mistake by leaving behind, but they confirmed they had the dress and would mail out - which never happened.
1	If I could rate negative stars i would.  My advice is do not stay at this hotel if they are even close to being full.   They are incapable of managing this hotel  when they come close to selling out.   At check in we are told there are no available pillows "because we are booked".Our room wasn't made up "because we are booked"when we called to ask when our room would be made up, we were told housekeeping had all left for the day.  They were busy cleaning the rooms for the new guests to check in.... Wow!Maid service then arrives after we called after 5pm ,when we are in the room for the first time all day.  We say we need 20 minutes to shower and change,  (which i told the front desk)which apparently they can not accommodate and she completely ignored.When I went downstairs to speak to the front desk employee she complained about how booked they are and how they are doing everything they can to just get the rooms cleaned for new guests.  I told her guests who are there for the weekend should have equal service, for which she told me she "didn't appreciate my attitude" and that it was hard enough "speaking spanish to housekeeping to tell them what to do".Ok....so totally offensive on all levels.  The following day when I spoke to the assistant manager she said to me "I hope that employee doesn't act that way around other people and I am only knowing about this because you are telling me".  Gee, I feel so much better now about everything, not. I think we need some serious customer service training here and a few lessons on how to speak with your customers and how to treat your employees.
3	Always have to wait a good amount of time for my room. Last visit, there was wine on the bed  when I got to my room. Nice hotel and was hoping for a better visit this time around. Needless to say I have plenty of time to yelp because I'm waiting AGAIN!!
4	I stayed at this hotel with my family of 5 for the night.  We have 3 boys and they loved the room.  We had a suite that had a separate room for them.  The rooms are beautifully decorated and have big flat screens.  The pool was small, but we were the only people there so it wasn't a problem.  We skipped the hotel breakfast since there are so many great places in Madison to go to eat (Monty's).Free Wi-Fi is always nice and I was surprised by the quality of the room for the price we paid.  It's obvious the building is relatively new and it's kept in good condition.
