2	The salon is very nicely set up. They have an excellent selection of nail polishes for you to choose from. As I arrived there I was confident and excited for a pleasant experience. Once I got seated in my chair for my pedicure, I began soaking my feet and expected the pedicure to begin. Abruptly, the nail tech walked away and started on someone else's finger nails with no notice or explanation. Once she finally began the pedicure, she spent a lot of time on all of my feet except the heels. That is the area that I really needed them to work on and exfoliate. From my feet she should have been aware. However, she barely looked at them. She spent at most, one minute on them with a pumice stone. I asked her, if that was it, and she told me I could pay five dollars for the chemical. Now I normally don't have a problem paying, but I didn't want to this time. Now, there is no reason she couldn't have spent more time. Maybe a whole two minutes. I was very dissapointed. I will never visit the salon again. It may be nice inside, but it isn't what it seems.
1	Wow,just left this place after a staycation at the Westin Kierland. Not only were the tubs very dirty but they did a horrible job. I will not go again........EWWW
5	This is a great salon. The care and service given is top notch. Tasha made sure I was satisfied and was very fast and friendly. I wanted to stay longer and be pampered. Don't believe the bad reviews, simply not true.Steve
5	Stephanie that works there is the best of the best, if the two other reviewers had gone to her they NEVER  would had such an experience. She totally sanitizes the tubs, and takes her time until she feels her work is accomplished. I;m realllllllllll fussy and I would only go to her there. Stephanie..the best...Sheryl..Illinois
5	Amazing service and really friendly staff!!! Very much recommended!!
1	My friend went here for the 1st time, and will be the last.  I walked in asking for a mani pedi... and not one person looked at me or greeted me until I had been standing up front for 10 mins or more, then they told me 20min. So I waited, my friend showed up 10mins and we still waited another 15-20 mins.  As for the nails. they convinced me to upgrade and it says in description that you get 10 min massage, I got zero minutes. Very disappointed.  My friend was almost done by the time someone started doing anything for me.  We spend 3hours in this place.  My girlfriends gels nails were sloppy and the worker said come back tomorrow...what?...who has time!?! The best part is leaving and going to sushi. Sorry. I will not go here again.
1	Thought I'd give this place a try since I live close, won't be back...Little old lady that did my pedi was nice but don't go here if you're looking for a relaxing, pampering experience. She kept sucking leftover food through her teeth and the "massage" was anything but that. They should call it a lotion application because that's exactly what it was. And I know most people go for pedicures for the massage part. Come on, you all know it's true!After she was done she didn't say a word and just left and sat down to her phone. Then another nail tech finished hers and sat right next to her, took her shoes off and put them up on a chair next to her! I couldn't believe it, so I had to take a picture which a I have posted it.Finally, I started to get up and she came over to put my shoes on. Once she told me my total (which I will say, their prices are cheap) I asked her to add $5 to the total. She pointed at my purse and said "You have cash for a tip?" I love cash too but really? You actually asked your customers that?? If you're wanting a quick, inexpensive, not relaxing pedicure this is your place. Otherwise, keeping looking.
