5	I love these crazy shirts!  I first saw them at Nordstrom (where they generally have 2 or 3 designs).  Then, discovered that Custo has boutiques all over Europe, so every time I'm in a major European city, I seek out the store.  Imagine my delight to find out that they were opening in the new Forum Shops at Caesars, where I travel (too) frequently for business.  Ishop there every time I'm in Vegas...  to the point that the last time I went, the salesperson recognized me - and remembered selling me the shirt I was wearing.  Yippee, yahoo, I love my Custo!
5	LOVE IT! Been a fan since they used to carry Custo at my  local Nordy's. I have been to this store several times in Vegas, but this was the first time I actually bought stuff. They were supposed to open one in SF, but due to the economy I guess not. So, I have to go to LV or LA or NYC to get my fix. They carry sooo many designs and the people are super duper friendly (and fashionable I must say). Me likey Custo mucho!
1	I am writing this review a little late but I needed to. My husband and I went there last year & we've been there before. I've bought shirts & sweaters the last time & was happy that I've decided to go again. I've never been treated in a clothing store the way they've treated me. I was so mad that I wrote their corporate office regarding their staff. I was trying on 4 different items & patiently waited, browsing around while waiting for a fitting room. Once ready, I was rushed in there by one of the floor people. I need to mention I was ignored when we walked in which was fine as sometimes I want to be left alone. My husband helped me pick up the clothes to try on. As I was trying the 2nd item, the employee asked me if I had any clothes I didn't want so she could put it away. She didn't ask how I was, she didn't ask if I needed help, she just wants to put things away. I was too busy to think about her question, that I just said no. While I was trying on the 3rd dress, I realized it was too big so I needed a smaller size, I peeked out of the dressing room but no one was available to help me. I asked my husband to grab me another size. As I was trying on the last item, again, one of the ladies asked if I had things to put away. I gave her one of the items which was too big, & by this time I was really getting irritated. When I handed it to her, she tells me that there's a long line of people waiting for the fitting room! WTH! Let me just say, I hate trying on clothes, & because of that I'm always rushing when I do. So for her to say that, I was fuming mad! NEVER have I've been told when I try on clothes to hurry up. I was soooo mad I was going off on the cashier who apologized but didn't really seem to care. My husband was so pissed off he told me to just leave them. Well, I liked the outfits so I took them but I told them off. I know there was a couple of women in the store holding clothes but didn't seem like they cared. I waited so why couldn't they? The last time I was there, it was a different experience but this last experience I had, I will NEVER ever go back there. I spent quite a lot of money there before but I would rather shop somewhere where customers are treated with respect.
