3	Came In here with Dave's family for an early dinner.The service was kind of slow even though it was half full at 4pm.They serve Large portions for the food and my cobb salad was huge! The burgers that and the sandwiches our party ordered were okay too.Loud environment with annoying announcer on a blown speaker which makes it hard for you to have a decent conversation with your party. Overall -this place is okay.
3	Cafe Siena is a decent restaurant. They aren't crazy expensive, but they don't have $2.99 steak and eggs either. The waiters are great here, from what I have experienced. There's never usually a long wait in the line, but this place is hardly ever empty.There's nothing I would really suggest on the menu b/c nothing stands out. I do, though, think they make pretty good Chinese food for not being a Chinese food restaurant.If you are feeling hungry and don't feel like paying for TGI Fridays or the other semi-fancy restaurants they have at Suncoast, I would suggest going here.
3	It was my first time at the Suncoast. Came here after seeing a movie. We didn't want to do TGIFridays or the other restaurants in Suncoast as we wanted breakfast, and we didn't want  to spend a ton of money. I had a scramble, the wife had an omlet. The scramble was decent, quite a bit of flavor from the onions and peppers. The eggs were pretty well cooked. The homefries were pretty spectacular, as was the toast. The wife had a very very very overcooked omelet...the service was OKAY as our waitress disappeared for about 20 minutes after we had finished our meal. Would have liked to try the Chinese fare, but really wanted breakfast (at 8:30pm). Overall, not bad, probably would hit up again if I find myself hungry and at the Suncoast.
1	The worst part of the great Suncoast is this cafe.  Seriously -- and it has only gotten worse over the years.  It used to be 24/7, and now its not.  The food has NEVER been good.  The atmosphere and environment is not welcoming at all.  Its a larger space -- but not in a good "airy" way.  The staff are the worst waitstaff I've ever encountered.  ALWAYS RUDE and some don't seem to speak English.  Yeah...seriously -- this place is bad.  Anyway, their prices are higher -- in comparison to what you actually receive.  So in the end, if this place is open -- when the buffet is open -- GO TO THE BUFFET!
3	I have eaten here so many times I couldn't count them all.  Let's limit my review to last Sunday and this Sunday.  Last week, I had the prime rib, extra rare, and it was red.  A little too done, but I could live with red.Tonight I had the California Cobb salad.  Nice mix of the usual suspects that make up the Cobb.  It had been awhile since I had been here prior to last Sunday.  They have redone part of the interior to break up the large expanse of tables.  Now, they have several quad booths in the main eating area.  The booths have for separate seating areas for up to 4 people - perhaps more.  It breaks up the room and gives you and sense of privacy instead of the large open area.I have to agree with some of Kyle's comments about service.  Service has been spotty depending on the server one gets.  We had Pat, a lovely, petite Asian woman who is a competent person.  Service from other servers has been slow, and the bus staff must be the most recent dropouts from the Clark County School District.  I think our bus person tonight was such a non-entity.  I wonder how long he'll last.I will eb back.  The prices are good, and the food is good.
2	You know, i only came here to eat the $8.99 prime rib. When i first started coming here, the prime rib was something to talk about, but lately, it doesn't cut it. It comes out warm, not hot. They never get my cooking preference right, and service is lacking. I always have to call the waiter over to correct my order. and most  of the time they give me a hard time with my credit dining coupons. On the other hand though, their breakfast menu is pretty cheap and reasonable. Steak and egg breakfast for $3, can't beat that. This place wouldn't be my first choice, but if you are looking for someplace to eat for a decent price, this might be a place to try.
4	Granted they're not "the best" but if you're going here you're not really expecting 'the best' now are you?Prices are cheap, menu is diverse, and setting is very casual. Good for out of nowhere decisions to grab a bite from some place local.Some of my favorites include:Hawaiian Spam and Eggs plate (no clue what it's called on the menu)Stack of pancakes with syrupOnly issue that prevents me from giving a five star rating is no late night dining. Going too late forces you over to TGI Friday which is a lot more over priced with monotone franchise cookie cutter foods.
3	Stay home?  Go out?  What's a girl to do?My Wednesday Night Poker Widows group decided to forgo our weekly outing.  Finally decided that a walk from car to casino would do better than spending the evening on the computer or cleaning out my closet, so I set out for the Suncoast.  Ah, the Suncoast, where they take my money and give me nothing.After losing for a while, I meandered over to Cafe Siena, saw that the Wednesday special is Kabobs for 7.99, so I figured I should eat dinner.The special is three skewered kabobs - chicken, shrimp, beef, one of each, with the usual onion and red and green pepper.  It comes with wild rice, which I hate.  The waitress said they don't allow substitutions, but she offered to bring me some cole slaw, which she wouldn't have to enter into the system.  And she did bring me a very big portion; that and the kabobs filled me up just fine.The kabobs overall were pretty good - the chicken was a little dry, the shrimp was okay, but the beef was delicious - medium rare and tender.  It's served with a little cup of some thick soy-type sauce, which I didn't taste, and a cup of peanut sauce, which was too sweet.  Afterwards, the waitress asked if I'd tasted the rice and if I liked it.  I had - and it was even more putrid than most wild rice sides I've tried.  She said she thought it was awful, too, but didn't want to tell me upfront. The restaurant is large and wide open, yet they've managed to do a great job of being able to mute the noise of the slot machines.  I hate loud restaurants and too much ambient noise, so I was very aware of how unbothersome the slot noise was.They also have a pretty large Chinese menu, and their hot and sour soup is terrific.  I had it the last time I was here, a couple of weeks ago.Cafe Siena isn't a destination restaurant, for sure, but if you're in the neighborhood, meaning inside the Suncoast, it fits the bill.  It ain't bad, and that's good.
3	They advertise some great specials but the food quality is average at best. Service was okay, not great. If staying at the SunCoast, I recommend eating at the Bagel Deli instead and avoid TGI Fridays at all cost.
1	Ok service. Bad food. We had a group of 8 and no one liked their dishes.
3	This place is a total hit and miss regarding service.  I know it's not the hottest place in town or anything and quite frankly I feel bad for the employees that work there because it's kind of a dying place.  Suncoast is not nearly as popular/busy as they once were.  However no matter where you work, it's no excuse for bad,rude or just boring service. if you don't like where u work, start lookin for some place else.We came here for the $7.11 steak and lobster special from 7 p.m. til 11 pm  The host asked us if we were here for the special and we said yes and she said we had to wait until 7 pm to be sat (it was approx 6:40 pm)  I said we have no problem waiting til 7 to order but we were thinking of appetizers and stuff to start and she said no we have to wait.. STRIKE 1Once it was 7 pm and the whole line of people waiting out front was sat, we told our server (there was 4 of us) that we wanted the special, she asked about our players card. I had mine, my niece didn't have hers and my dad and girlfriend only had 1 card because they share an account so that all the points go on 1 account.  The manager said no it has to be 2 different accnt #'s  So ok fine, we weren't gonna start an argument for $7  So only 2 of us ordered the special STRIKE 2When I ordered I asked if instead of green beans can I get a different vegetable such as broccoli. The server said no, no substitutions. Ok fine no big deal.  When our orders came out, I was quite surprised to see corn instead of the green beans that was advertised with the special and of course the server made NO mention of the different vegetable or anything (what happened to no substitutions).  I was actually very happy cause I love corn.  However the special was supposed to come with a roll and it never showed up for either one of us (which we didn't really care about, so we never mentioned it)  My steak was perfect (cause I ordered it rare), it was very tender.  Her's was tough cause she ordered it well done (which was typical for a well done steak. duh)Over all, food was very good, service was blah at best. I would definitely go back for the food, so no worries there but save your money on the tip because you won't need to hahahaha
4	Her is the reason I live in Las Vegas, The food deals steak and lobster $7.11 available in January 7pm - 11pm Suncoast. The price was right the service was great. What more can I say $7.11 for steak and lobster that sells it self.
1	We went to Cafe Siena on a Thursday morning.  My wife had biscuits and gravy.  The gravy was a serviceable sausage pepper cream gravy.  About average, maybe lacking some pepper flavor.  But, the biscuits were beyond tough, to the point we were unable to cut them with a fork at all.  I had the chicken fried steak breakfast.  The "breakfast potatoes" are your basic shredded hash browns with no seasoning.  I requested them extra crispy, and it appears as though they only saw the pan for a few seconds.  Hardly any texture to them.  The chicken fried steak was a thin piece of steak and was overly breaded, then fried to the point it was too hard to crack the breading to cut it.  The service was fine, as the restaurant was nearly empty.  We won't be returning.
4	I came here for their January Steak and Lobster $7.11 special. If you go this month from 7pm to 11pm and have a players card you can eat steak and lobster for $7.11. In order to get this special rate everyone who is ordering this dish needs to have their own players club card. It's best not to get there before 7pm because they will not take your order until exactly 7pm. The steak was nice and tender and the lobster was yummy but small. It also comes with a potato and a vegetable. While you are waiting they serve you dinner rolls. I can't complain for $7.11 it's cheaper than eating at Mc Donalds and it tastes so much better!
1	A one star or a two star review would have to depend on how important you think service is during the dining experience.  Personally, my expectations for a cafe are not all that high, but the waitress and manager did a tag team that may push your buttons too.The wife ordered stuffed french toast.  The french toast arrived, but it was normal french toast.  The waitress did have it slathered with fruit topping.  My wife looked for stuffing.  She complained to me.  I tasted the french toast in the exact spot where you'd expect stuffing, the center.  Nope, nothing but bread there.  I ask the waitress if she is SURE this is stuffed french toast.  She explains that she knows other places stuff the inside of the toast, but Cafe Siena just puts the ingredients between the slices.  I was not persuaded.The bill arrives.  I was not surprised to see that we were charged for French Toast (unstuffed!). The more insulting thing was that we were charged for the fruit topping ($1.50). With the waitress looming and anticipating discontent, she swoops in for damage control.  I asked the logical question, "If we ordered stuffed french toast, why does the bill reflect french toast, and why would we pay for the stuffing separately?"  At this point, nothing but intellectually insulting lies followed.  My mind was made up, I don't tip for lies and arguments, especially when I'm right.At the cashier, I let her know that I had items on the menu that were not ordered, and were partially eaten (in search of the non-existant stuffing). She asked for me to wait while she called the manager.  After several minutes, the very hurried manager arrived.  I quickly explained what was ordered, and what was charged, and she disappeared for a couple minutes and returned triumphantly with a corrected check. She reimbursed the $1.50 for the fruit.  Believe it or not, I don't care for her judgment on how to settle an issue. My food was adequate.  The service beyond the lying and arguing was poor (yes, the coffee refills were lacking at the table with the unhappy couple for some reason).  If you would like food that you can find at any casino at this price, cooked adequately, with the terrrible service described, this is your place.
2	Not sure why, but I've been here a couple times for their steak & lobster special.  It's $7.11, and you get what you pay for.  It is steak, and it is lobster, but probably the worst of the bunch.  Their other diner food is decent, but nothing special.  I only end up here when I'm lazy, since it's like a mile from my house.  If you're lazy, go there as well.  If not, go anywhere else.
2	The food was just not up to par.
1	First and last time I'm eating here. Every time I go to a restaurant that serves breakfast at night, I order the eggs benedict - that was a mistake. What arrived at our table barely resembled eggs benedict. The hollandaise sauce looked translucent and funny. It just wasn't visually appealing (see picture). I cut it in half, took a bite and said "forget it". I ended up just eating the hashbrowns. The wife ordered a croissant breakfast sandwich. It kind of resembled the bacon and egg croissant from jack in the box. She said it was ok. At least it was crisp and flakey. The waiter also brought us a complementary bowl of fruit. Upon closer inspection, the grapes had a fuzzy mold growing on it (see other pic). Gross. Well, at least they kept our drinks filled up. Will I go here again? Most likely not. This is my second bad experience eating at Sun Coast, and I'm not sticking around for number 3!!
1	This review is for their Chinese/Thai menu only. I don't really know what to say except this is the worst Asian food I have ever had! I ordered calamari, chicken pineapple fried rice, and peking duck. The calamari was bland, probably bought in the frozen section and microwaved. So horrible! Then came the chicken pineapple fried rice, which was overloaded with raisins! After searching for chicken I didn't find any, but found like 4 small pieces of pork! Also the top was almost hard like it was sitting in the back for a while. Peking duck, wow. This thing had no taste whatsoever. Not worth $20. On top of all this I waited 30 mins+ for the food to come out, and it was not even busy. The staff was really nice and all, but most of them would talk at the counter and not check up on their customers. My server was nice, but after waiting 30 min for food with no apology is outrageous. When that fried rice came out, I knew it had been sitting in the back since it changed color on the top and it was hard. Why would they not bring that out! Also 2 groups sat 10-15 min after I ordered and they got all their food before me! I would eat here a lot back then, the food was better, but then again they didn't have Chinese food, and staff was much better. Chef needs to work on his Chinese food. I cook better at home! I would probably give this place another chance, but I am staying away from their Chinese menu!
2	So to start off any casino cafe they serves Chinese food as well as burgers and breakfast seems a bit fishy, but anyway we gave it a try and it was a bad decision, first of all they were having a drawing in the casino over a loud speaker, so loud the waitress couldn't hear our orders, which was very irritating, secondly the waitress was very stubborn, so NO SUBSTITUTIONS, no matter what! The reason this place even deserves 1 star is the ambiance, the restaurant interior is well decorated, ill give them that, however the food, which took about 50 mins to arrive was actually ok, nothing great but not completely terrible either, the omelette i had was alright pretty much what you'd expect from a cafe but the hash browns were white, not cooked properly and all soggy, only after drenching them in ketchup were they consumable. All in all this place was a bad choice, didn't try the Chinese food, probably shouldn't either because i mean if they couldn't get basic cafe food right i don't want to imagine how they would ruin much more complex Chinese food.
3	I LOVE casino coffee shop food!!   It is what it is, so there are NO complaints.  Omelets, hash-browns, toast and coffee--all went down smooth!
1	Soooooooooooo upset disapointed neglected and well robbed!!! We spent $76 for $10 worth of any quality food. My Sweet & Sour beloved shrimp is not on menu so they charged me for walnut shrimp $19.00 it was not even warm when it arrived and my shrimp fried rice was simply gross! My son's both ordered fries with their meals both cold and my son advised server he doesn't like fried shrimp but she put in order and served him steak w/ fried shrimp. He politlely advised her he told her he doesn't eatthat at which point she said they do not serve anything as far as shrimp which isn't fried. It was painful to pay bill I swear I am never coming back. BTW she did take my food to heat it up and returned with silver tops for a display of her keeping it hot it was still barely room tempature.......... yuck yuck yuck!!!!
3	The fact that they have spam/portuguese sausage and eggs, served with King's Hawaiian bread rolls and stick rice - makes this place a decent coffee shop. Price is just right, and the server came to us ample time to make sure we were well taken care of. I would definitely come here again, and definitely recommend it for a quick breakfast fix!Just don't expect anything lavish and succulent, and you will be A-OK.
4	For all my bad reviews of nearly everything at the Suncoast the cafe was a shining oasis in the middle of the wasteland of a casino not worth visiting.BTW I'm told the bowling alley here is good and I've previously reviewed the theater which was also nice.First off the staff was well trained, this reminded me of the Las Vegas I remember and loved from the past (60-70s) good attentive and friendly service, generous portions, fast delivery and low prices.We were here about 11:30 PM and wanted a late breakfast. We had ordered eggs, sausages, flapjacks and I ordered the bagel and lox platter. First little things, they eggs were perfect, buttery and just enough moisture without being runny. The sausages were not the skinny fatty Jimmy Dean style everyone seems to serve, even nice restaurants. No these were the thick meaty well seasoned link sausage with the lightly crisp skin and meaty inside with not fat filler. This is what a restaurant sausage is supposed to be like.The smoked salmon on my platter would have cost me $30 or more in the grocery store and this was very high quality and lots of it. The bagel was perfectly tasted the cream cheese was blended with chives and scallions. Large lemon wedges and cappers all for about $9 bucks! Check my photo, the presentation was great the potions were more than generous and I could not have been more pleased with the quality and freshness.The only negative is the Cafe is open air to the fowl casino and all the smoke drifts into the Cafe. however, they seem to have a separate A/C system and do a fair job of sucking it away.I would go out of my way to eat here and they seem to be open 24/7.
1	Save your $10 - $15.  Cafe Siena is no good =(I have family in Vegas, so we frequent different restaurants in casinos.  This time was Dad's choice since we were celebrating Father's Day a little early.  He said that their version of Japanese ramen was pretty good. My mom told the hostess that we were a party of 6.  Unfortunately, she forgot to include the 3 year old toddler who could sit in a normal chair and a 1 year old who needed a highchair.  When the hostess came back, I apologized and told her thatit would actually be a party of 7 and a high chair.  She sighed, grunted, and walked away.  In my head, it was an honest mistake and could easily be fixed by adding 1 regular chair and a highchair, but it took at least 5 more minutes to be seated. Weird!The tables were distungtingly sticky and were served bread and butter but with no plates to put them on.  The waitress was perfectly nice until I had to waive her down and she gave me the hold-on-a-second index finger wave, which I thought was incredible rude seeing as I was just 3 feet away from her.  I think a "I'll be with you in just a second" would have been more appropriate.  My entire family ordered the rib eye and crab legs that were on special.  When they were presented, the waitress didn't seem too confident in the kitchen's skills and apologetically asked everyone to cut into their steaks to see if they were cooked correctly.  And of course, no one was happy with the way their steaks were cooked.  I could tell that their crab legs were over cooked just by looking at them.  They all said that it was chewy, dry, and tasted too fishy.  My lo-mein was less than average, with hardly any taste.  And to top it off, my son got diarrhea from it all! I think that last statement sums it up. Good luck!
1	I don't think this place even deserved a single star,lousy service and disrespectful!!
2	First time coming here for lunch after a meeting and I can tell you, it was no frills at all.  We were with a big party and one person ordered a steak which came with a salad which the salad looked like it had been sitting around for a few days...needless to say it did not get eaten.  It was that bad as I would not have eaten the salad either...The Ribeye was cooked to order however the quality of the meat was not a good quality.  I had some Chinese food and it was ok, I have had better.  Overall this is not a place I will go back too since the location of the hotel has a lot to offer in the area.  There are a lot of better places to eat around there and I will suffer through being hungry to drive to a place I know the food will be fresh and edible.  The rooms upstairs where the meeting are held are very nice and I am pretty sure we will continue to use this location once a month but as for food after the meeting, this cafe will not be on the list ever again.
2	OMG!!! We just came from this place and it was the worst ever.  I give two stars cause our waitress Kerri was very sweet and the busboy was nice.  I ordered orange juice and it tasted like the the film from the dishwasher detergent was still in the glass so I sent it back and the busboy brought me a new glass.  Then my husband gets his food and the eggs were to be scrambled and they were so runny and very undercooked so he put them aside and ate everything else on his plate. Then he is on his second cup of coffee and he looks down into the glass and there is a fly floating on top.  We were glad to get the heck out there.
3	My server is professional the atmosphere isn't bad (a little smokey) but if you are in a hurry this is not the place for you. I've been waiting on my breakfast burrito for approximately 15 minutes. The good news is when the food came it was hot and it was good.
4	This dining experience didn't start off too well. We waited for ~5 minutes for a hostess to arrive at the front. But, after that, redemption. The entire staff's service was top-notch. They were courteous, the food came out promptly for our party of five people, and drinks were frequently refilled. It seems like they wanted their customers to be more than satisfied, which we were. The service was better than expected; on par with good fine dining service. The cafe wasn't too loud as well. 4.5 stars for service (perfect if it wasn't for that little mishap at the beginning). Food: 3.5 stars. The Monte Cristo sandwich sounded really good at the time. I decided to switch from my original choices of Fillet of Salmon or Philly Cheesesteak. The other members ordered those and they seemed to enjoy them very much. However, I wasn't that happy with the sandwich. It seemed overcooked/too fried and crispy on the outside. The inside was ok. Fries were decent. The vegetables from other dishes were greasy. The chicken satay pieces were a little small and a bit salty. 2.5/3 stars on all of those. On the plus side, the bread was above average. It seemed like everyone else enjoyed their meal. I tried some of the Porterhouse Steak and baked potato, both were really nicely flavored. Delicious! I'm considering getting that next time around. Iced tea was good as well. 5 stars on all of those items. Price: 4.5 stars. The total was $92 for 5 entrees, 2 appetizers and a few drinks. Pretty good for a restaurant located inside a casino. Not super cheap, but for quality and service, you can't ask for much more. Overall it was an awesome experience. If I'm in the area, I'd definitely stop by again. Thanks Cafe Siena!
