2	"And they did feast on the fillet O'fishes, big macs, chicken mcnuggets, egg mcmuffins, cheeseburgers, french fries, and mcchickens. And the Lord did smile upon them and smote their enemies that did give their bodies to the Burger King and sodomized themselves with unclean whoppers.But the people of the Arches did thoust sin against the Lord and cried out to the heavens. And the Lord did sendith down the Hamburgler who tooketh all hamburgers, cheeseburgers, quarter pounders, big extras and big macs, and there was a terrible famine in the land."The book of Ronald Chapter 15
4	This Mickey D's is convenient to those traveling on Frank Lloyd Wright eastbound or either direction on the 101.  This McDonalds is clean and epitomizes what fast food should be.  They offer a fast, efficient and friendly fast food experience, so I believe they deserve the five stars!  One suggestion -- since they close to Cobblestone Auto Spa (literally next door), stop there first for gas and a car wash and then walk across the lot and wait for your car to be ready.Nice!
3	Dude. It's McDonalds. I don't know what exactly you're expecting.Although this location does now have the dual order windows and 24 hours drive through. No word on the late midnight breakfast though.Would've given this place four stars from over the years, but recently I've been getting sass from the drive through window late at night. Yes I understand it's tiring, but I never had to deal with attitude at Jack in the Box down the street.
4	Pumpkin pies are the new Eggnog Shakes - only seasonal and only here for a short amount of time. The pies were 2 for a buck and contained a decent, but not perfect Pumpkiny tasting filling. The crust was the same as on the apple pies. Only went there for a small cone, but tis the season, so I obliged and was happy with my fast food pie.
4	Sausage McMuffin with egg sandwich and a small coffee with a cream and a sugar: $3:88Why this Mickey D's?They're fast. I'm entering the drive-thru at 7:15 and leaving it at 7:18. Location. A stones throw from Raintree/101.Consistency. Each day my Sausage McMuff tastes just as good as the day before and the coffee gets me going in the morning.Healthy? Eh, sort of. You can get the sandwich and coffee for just shy of 500 calories. The fine print is that they make up for calories with fat and cholesterol. Though, you can substitute the eggs for egg whites. That way you pay the difference now (in cash), instead of when you're 60 (in bypass surgery).
5	A clean and terrific place to lunch and watch the kids play. We were served our mochas, one free with coupon, by Kerrie. Thank you so much! Just as good as Starbucks.
2	What can i say... Its McDonald's...
2	McDonald's Is great but this one on frank lloyd wright and Hayden is horrible. I come here often for lunch breaks and It always takes forever, today upset me I timed it took 6 minutes for anyone to take my order I was literary standing at the register for 6 minutes no cars and a small line behind me. like 4 different people looked at me but said nothing, And there was a lady cleaning the ice cream machine in front of me the whole time. Finally someone said "has anyone taken your order?" I said no and the lady cleaning said "ill do it" she was not wearing a name tag and she was dressed like a manager. Why would a manager think cleaning a machine is more important that a customer ready to order?  What ever I'll go to Wendy's.
2	This McDonalds is very disorganized - like it's being run by monkeys. I go through the drive through regularly since it's on my way to work and they consistently get the order wrong or make me park and wait.
1	This is the WORST McDonald's of all times. Before writing this review I thought maybe I had crap service from the manager then while trying to fill my cup at the fountain station an employee shoved me to fill her drink because "she is on a quick break" because I am Mexican and everyone else is american and Asian. But after reading these reviews I'm convinced it's just a rude dirty McDonald's. I never thought I'd write a review for a McDonald's!
1	I know it's McDonalds so I shouldn't expect much but this location was such a disappointment. Short and simple: I asked for large fries and got medium. Not that big of a deal because I looked at my receipt and only paid for medium so whatever. But I love ketchup. Seriously, I could swim in ketchup. She only gave me ONE ketchup packet for all those fries... So I asked if I could have a few more. She then gives me, again, only ONE more packet (and looked extremely annoyed while doing so). Dirty woman's bathroom too. Not good customer service.
3	Colorful cashier in the morning you'll either like or be annoyed with unless you're like me and you're ambivalent.Parking is tight but usually 1 space available during peak periods.Wifi signal drops but not frequently, Signal strength is good and Has an electrical outlet for smart phone & laptops.Child's play area.Bathrooms are okay.
1	Love the location - handy.  But, this place is not run like other McDonalds.  Not uncommon to get cold, limp fries, dirty tables.  Today was the worst.  Breakfast.  Ordered a mcmuffin and the kid entered "sausage biscuit no sausage" in to the register.  When I said something, he blew me off.  So I got a bun with cheese and egg, no ham.  No coffee was made.  I asked for cream.  I sat down a second time now with coffee - but of course, no cream.    Every person in the restaurant at that time was returning to the counter because orders were missing items or mixed up or made wrong.  Whoever owns this restaurant, needs to get a couple of experienced McDonald's managers and get it right.   Running a restaurant like that takes training and diligence and good managers.  I have never seen the same face twice in that restaurant.
