3	Bed, Bath and Beyond is cool.  It's one of those places you can walk in and say "I want that" about a hundred times, and then as you're walking through the store you realize just how useless the stuff you're carrying really is.By the time you make it to the register, you may have absolutely nothing that you need.  That's why they keep sending out those discount coupons in the mail.  But it sure is a lot of neat stuff to look at as you walk through the store.
3	Always have what I want and they give me plenty of coupons so I don't have to pay full price! I typically buy Yankee Candles here and they have such a large assortment. One year my husband filled my Christmas stocking completely full of every candle on the shelf.Anyway, you can make a house a home by shopping here and for a decent price.
3	I have a love/hate relationship with the store... at times I can find good deals and quality products, but it erks me that they send me 20% coupons all the time - and the coupons only get the prices to about where they should be in other competitor stores.That being said, this location is like any other location.  The staff is friendly enough, but at times there can be lines if you time it just right.I do find myself in here a lot looking for wedding gifts (registry online too) nowadays which means I am getting way too old.  I'm just kidding weddings are pretty fun and this place has some decent stuff to give (hence people sign up for registries here).
5	BB&B is a fantastic place to shop.  I stopped in for a garlic press.  I stopped by customer service for directions.  Once I got to the kitchen utensil area there was another worker there to assisted me in locating one of two types of garlic presses.  After my selection was made, I went back upfront to pay and the same worker opened a register to ring up my purchase.  Service was quick and with a smile and I like that a lot!  This BB&B is clean and although the isles are filled with more items for purchase, they store did not feel cluttered and everything was in its rightful place.
