3	I've gone to this location b/c its the closest 24 hr fitness to my cheyenne CSN campus. I go to it b/c it has  10 am Bodypump class on Saturdays. This location suprisingly is considered an  "ACTIVE" location but it has a swimming pool which is ususally a classification that is only @ SPORT locations or so I thought. this locale is ok - Its right nxt to Liborio grocery store & caddy corner to El Super. I prefer El super, yes this is in the Latino neighborhood and you can stop by for a fruit cup & some yogurt on the way home. :)
4	Older gym but still better than the one in my town.  I was in town and wanted to try out the Zumba class with Erikita and it was great.  She is very cardio oriented and I left a sweaty mess.  Parking is easy and there was no need to sign up for the class.
3	I like 24 hr fitness and the personal trainers are realy good especially Alexis she was polite and tailored the workout to my special needs. She made me do the things I needed to help my knee without over doing it. I would recommend her to anyone.
4	Older looking but still great 24hr fitness right near my home with some awesome personal trainers and a decent amount of equipment. I have been training with Alexis for the past three months and I couldn't of asked for a better trainer. Seriously, this girl knows her fitness! I was a mess prior to training and now Alexis has got me on the right path to my fitness goals. So if your looking for a personal trainer, this is the place. Ohh yeah and the taco place nearby smells soo damn good!
4	Great staff, pretty good selection of equipment. On my second go-around with their training staff, have seen great results. Boot camp twice a week, which is a fun challenge. Really, the only thing keeping it from five stars is that they're in an old building in an old shopping center.  Could use a little stucco and fresh paint. Trainer Alexis is great, really knows how to kick your butt into shape.
4	Pretty solid 24 hour fitness. Love this place, and it's close to home. Typical of what you'd expect, including a decent variety of machines/weights/etc. Also, the staff is awesome!
2	Been to better.
5	This gym is immaculate! The staff is friendly, helpful and very knowledgeable. The equipment is clean and well maintained. They have great classes. However, my absolute favorite thing about this gym is that they have an outdoor pool AND an outdoor grassy area for boot camps! You should definitely check out this club. Additional perks... there's a Fresh & Easy in the same plaza and a tanning salon across the way.
4	I visited this location a few times during my stay in Las Vegas.  This location is far better than my home gym, the 24HF in downtown Oakland; it's cleaner and just in better condition overall.  The machines and equipment are new and in excellent condition.  The layout is pretty good and it never seemed to get very crowded.  I would definitely return if I were in the area.
1	Rain outside = rain inside. Update the website for the group exercises when you have cancellations.
5	Great for quick workout, clean. people who really go here really work out, not to just check out pple haha
