2	Again with the Gala Apples and Navel Oranges at $1.50 per pound. Broccoli Spears at like two and a quarter per pound?!!  And they're about as limp as dead trout.  Where are they importing their produce from, California...or maybe the South Coast of Africa??! Roast Beef in the cold case (a 'la Hormel) for $10 per pound?!! (Reference: $4.99 for 8 ounce reusable container) Albertsons branded right next to it for $3.99 for 7 ounces ON SALE.  OooOoo! We must be in the FRONT ROW, now, there, buddy.No, this Albertsons is like so many other grocery stores, their prices are very high, especially with a Wallyworld-NeighborhoodMarket across the street. But here's why I rated this store 2-stars:*) The place was clean, and it @#$% well should be because I saw no less than 14 employees in the store. FOURTEEN! 5 of whom were gossiping in the produce section. Now I know exactly why everything is so expensive at that store: they hired a bunch of people! Well, there are worse punishments, I suppose, but HOLY COW!*) The place is convenient.  That intersection is travelled by more people on a daily basis than perhaps anywhere else in Las Vegas, I bet. And the shopping center it is located in has an Albertsons gas station. and a Burger King, and a Round Table Pizza, and a Tropical Breeze, and a Capriottis....*) Self-Checkout, for what that's worth to ya.
4	Thanks, Albertsons!!! You rocked the food and drinks for my low-key reception. I was amazed at the great customer service that this stored showed me! I ordered the food for my reception with the deli counter 4 days prior to my wedding. Confirmed the order and prepaid for the food the day prior. And had everything waiting and made just as I ordered it at the time I wanted it ready the day of my wedding. Great prices, great service!!! They will be catering my next event for sure!!
4	Albertsons has always been a place frequently visited by my family and I.  Growing up in Las Vegas, Albertsons = groceries.  They always have competitive prices and a great selection.  This particular store was one of first Albertsons I visited in my youth.  When my family moved further into Henderson we would travel to Sam's, Wal-mart, and Smiths mostly.  I recently shopped at this Albertsons location and really like the remodeling and new look inside.
4	My go to when I need something. Albertson's is like a solid relationship built with trust and love...always there for you. Let me give you an example. I was making spinach dip and needed a Knorr soup mix. First I went to Fresh and Easy. They didn't have it. So, I went to Smiths, because it was closer and thought for sure they would have it. NO! So, knowing that I can trust Albertson's I drove a little further away knowing they would pull through for me. When I walked in and went to the soup section it was like the sky's parted just for me and there stood the Knorr soup mix. Ah! Finally!!Also, I have had really experiences with the bakery here. One of my favorite cakes is the Chocolate cake with Chocolate WHIP icing. It is way less sweet and is so yummy. One time I was running late on getting a cake for a special someone, however they had it for me the very next day. It was awesome and was only like $20!So, even though this store is a bit of a drive for me, it has been my staple since I originally moved to Las Vegas 11 years ago....and I still go :)
5	This store is immaculate and very clean and has great staff. Dave Hanson is the store manager and is very good and does a great job. The shopping environment is very good.
3	This store is very clean and well organized. The prices are outrageous. I'd rather go to Neighborhood Market down the st.
3	This grocery store is pretty organized and well stocked. They have a nice selection of prepackaged ready to eat items, which is great when I'm just getting something on the go to snack on. I wish they would keep more lines open to checkout, but it's a nice little store overall.
5	The store is always clean & the staff are always friendly. LoveThe fresh salmon here & the flowers. Can't stand Wal Mart & the people so it's a treat shopping here :)
4	Easy to navigate, clean, nice staff.
2	I have little love for this Albertsons.  The prices are so astronomically high that they make Von's prices seem like Wal-Mart.  I shop here if I need a couple of items. I will not load up a basket with items here.  The store could use their employees more efficiently.  Albertsons is doing themselves zero favors by keeping one register manned by a human being open. If I am paying exorbitant prices, I do not want to be directed to a self checkout lane. And most of all I would appreciate it if the CSM watching the self check outs would acknowledge me. Maybe let me know that she did an override for my beer when she was doing work with a portable device. Or maybe thank me for shopping there. And maybe instead of a couple of employees talking to her, maybe they could of been working at another register.  This Albertsons could use a remodel. Eastern Avenue at Warm Springs Road isn't Gangland Central. It is unwelcoming to walk into a store through a rotating gate structure. Its amazing how an upbeat supermarket puts me in a state of mind where I don't mind spending more. The Summerlin and College Road Albertsons are examples.  I have little love for this Albertson's at the exact time I have love for convenience. In my situation it is in the center of a one stop errand hot spot. The store itself also has a post office and Money Order center. And so I will continue to use it as a glorified 7-Eleven when I am doing errands in the shopping center.
1	I shopped here for 7 years but no more. I hate it that they close at 2 a.m. I used to go shopping there after work at 4 a.m. I now do most of my grocery shopping at Wal-Mart because of the hours and the prices are cheaper than Albertsons's. There are other reasons. At least four different times I asked them to stock a product that they used to have but they did not honor my request. I drive further to go to Wal-Mart but it's worth it. A valued customer doesn't mean anything for this Albertsons's.
4	I shop here all the time! The staff is very friendly and the store is clean.
3	I used to shop here all the time until WINCO opened. But, they are just down the street so if their ad shows a great sale or need something quick I go in. I am very disappointed that the meat department doesn't open until 8am or 9am and I get my shopping done when I get home from work 7:30am. Now the staff has been cut into less than half. I can never find anyone when I need help in the fresh fruit and vegie area or even checking out, They leave a bell for us to ring for help when ready to check out. Who does that? I am not about to go through self-check out with a basket full of groceries or not. That's not my job its there and that is why we do pay more on groceries there to pay for them.Getting disappointed in this store.
4	Albertsons was the first mainland grocery chain that I bothered getting a frequent customer card from.  I have always liked their selection and pricing of snack cakes, which (to be honest) is what I seem to be in the store for most often.  Now that they don't require the card to get the sale prices, it seems those prices aren't as good as  they used to be.  But I still head to Albertsons before any other grocery store when I am in Las Vegas.
3	Parking is plentiful at this location. Whenever I'm in Vegas, I almost always stop here to pick up some snacks and drinks. They have some decent chicken (roasted or fried) and other food if you decide not to cook dinner. I love that you no longer need to sign up for an Albertsons Savings Card to get the sale prices. They used to have self checkout lines, but they have since been removed.
