3	Lantana is a great example of a resort restaurant: there is emphasis on service much moreso than creativity or innovation in the food they serve.If you do find yourself here, however, the standout dish is the Chinese Chicken Chop salad. When I recommend a salad above all else, you know that salad must be for real.Outside of that though, everything is ok, but not great. The atmosphere is nice and it's usually good and quiet, so it may be just what the doctor ordered if all you're looking to do is chat up your company in peace and have a couple drinks.
3	I am not generally a fan of hotel restaurants, but the fact that Lantana Grille is separate from the Squaw Peak Hilton gives the establishment its own identity.  I ate there with a large group, including my good friend, Bell Bag.We had a limited menu because of our group.  I went with the burger, which was very good, with exception to the dry, day old bun.  The fries were excellent and the fact that our server walked around with a tray of ketchup servings won her my undying devotion.The layout of the restaurant was somewhat "upscale chain."  The private room we were in had almost no air conditioning, which made the meal a bit uncomfortable.  Also, the evening took a strange turn when my friend, Bell Bag, left early without saying goodbye to anyone.Overall, a good meal, but not a great one, mainly due to the dry bun and the hot room.  But, I'd give it another chance to improve itself to "4 star" status.
4	This is a value option, I think the food here is good and the price very reasonable.  Consider there meeting room if you're looking to host 30-50 people as it is accomodating and the service has always been good.
4	Usually hotel restaurants are overpriced, overrated and not very good. The Lantana Grille could you be your exception. Although we only ate the buffet brunch every morning at the Lantana Grille it was amazing! Usually at buffet brunches the selection of foods is limited; this wasn't the case whatsoever at the Lantana,. They have a chef who can prepare you homemade omelette's, french toast, pancakes, waffles or Belgium waffles. They have a nice array of fresh fruit, pastries, yogurts, morning meats, eggs, potatoes to go along with the BEST granola I have ever had. The granola had mango's, banana's and pineapple in it and I made sure to eat a hearty amount of it every morning. I would highly recommend starting your day here if you are a fan of breakfast.
2	I wanted breakfast that didn't require a long wait or making it myself.  I was probably off best by just sucking it up and making breakfast at home because Lantana Grille was pretty disappointing.We arrived and thought the place was actually closed because there was not a single car in the parking lot and when we walked in, there was no hostess.  But we saw some people sitting so I asked if we just seat ourselves and they replied with "Sure!"-- I guess that is what I would say too if someone asked me mid breakfast at Lantana Grille what to do upon walking in.There was a large party in the back, they mentioned that they were in town for a wedding so I am guessing they must have walked over from the Pointe Hotel.  (this explained no cars in the lot).It is set up like a breakfast buffet, you pay $15 or $16/person and eat whatever in the buffet.  The choices are limited and not that good.  The best part was the made to order omlets and that is it.  Even the sauasage and bacon seemed to taste off.  HOW does that happen?  So the buffet had scrambled eggs (don't eat those-ick), sausage, bacon, french toast, syrup, cereal, fruit.  oh and the omlets-- best bet are the omlets. Service was slow, only one gal running around for the whole place and even though not busy when we got there, there was still a huge group in the back, a small group up front and us.  Then another large group came in as we were finishing up.I just wanted to get out of there.
1	I'm staying at the squaw peak resort and had a free breakfast voucher for this place. I waited for 15 minutes. No waiter. Finally flagged one down and ordered an omelette. Nothing fancy. 20 minutes later no omelette. Finally flagged the waitress down an said I had to leave. She said she would put it in a box for me and went to the kitchen. Three minutes later, still no waitress. No box. I walked out hungry. Went back for lunch. It was a big mistake. almost no customers there as we arrived at 11:10 am. It took FOREVER. Fifty minutes later my fish tacos arrived. Not once did my water get refilled. No one asked me how my lunch was. I'm never coming back. I wish I could give it 0 stars.
1	Got there on a Sat morning at 11am, only 2 tables had customers( first clue). We wanted the breakfast buffet for $15 per person. Big dissapointment. They where already taking down the buffet items & it was only 11am (2nd clue). Went to the omlet bar and the cook looked grouchy and pissed to have to open back up. The sign said your choice of cheese but seems like the cook picks what type of cheese you want on your omlet. Even worse was the cold bacon, cold french toast, & yucky tasting cold dry pancakes. The self serve milk was room temperature. And to top it off they charged me 18% gratuity on parties of 6 or more. The whole tab was like $120.00 for the worst breakfast this summer. Only 2 things I liked about this restaurant, Samantha, our waitress and the fruit. Would definitaly NOT go back here. Theres a Mc Donalds down the street and you get the same quality of food for less than $20 for 6 people.
