4	So I've been searching for a good pub to take in a few English soccer matches and grab some grub, to replace the fantastic Ginger's in Chicago.  This place is pretty close.  With the "Quintessentially British", it has to be pretty good, no?  So, after checking their sports schedule online, I found they were going to show my team (Arsenal, for anyone interested) on a late Saturday afternoon.  I also saw that not only do they show English soccer, but  a ton of rugby, scottish & italian soccer.  Not bad!The food is pretty decently British.  I've had the Shepherd's Pie (err, "Cottage" Pie) and the English breakfast (thankfully served minus puddings, which saved me the hassle of having to exclude it),  Both were passable for my palate.  Not being a native Brit, I can't really say it's "authentic", but it's probably as close as you'll find in Phoenix.The beer list is halfway decent.  Boddingtons, Tetley's, Sam Smith, Bass, Blackthorn Cider & Newcastle were all available from what I saw.  I, of course, went with Guinness (what goes better with breakfast than a pint of the black?).  About a dozen whiskeys are also available, if the dirty water is more your speed.
5	Hailing from Scotland and having lived for a while in England, I occasionally develop a hankering for some good, English pub grub. I stumbled (no, I wasn't drunk despite the stereotypes that exist about the Scots) across a flyer for Churchill's during a visit to The British Shop on Thomas and Hayden (SW corner) and thought I'd pay it a visit one night with my family and satisfy those cravings I'd been having.Overcoming the fact that this pub was in a strip mall (unusual as anyone from Britain will tell you), I stepped in and was immediately greeted by a very friendly co-owner with an authentic, English accent. "Boy, they weren't kidding when they described this place as quintessentially British, were they?" I thought to myself. True to form, premier league (English) soccer (or football as we Brits tend to describe it) was playing on every television set. A dart board lay off to the side and a pool table occupied the space adjacent to the bar. I also noticed some posters, which were advertising the pub/restaurant's quiz and karaoke nights -- both hallmarks of a decent establishment back in the old country believe it or not. The next test for me was the menu.I wasn't going to be disappointed. All the classic, British pub favorites were on the menu, e.g., bangers (sausages) and mash (mashed potatoes), bubble and squeak (tasty concoction of potatoes, cabbage, and leeks), shepherd's pie, and of course, fish and chips (fries -- you'd be surprised how many people screw that up). I chose the fish and chips and thoroughly enjoyed my meal with a little malt vinegar and just a dash of salt and pepper. The organic apple cider (alcoholic -- we don't have non-alcoholic cider back in Britain -- we call that apple juice)  was quite excellent. My husband (the designated driver that evening) drank the coffee, which he swears was better than that sold at Starbucks and Dunkin' Donuts. He paired this with the prime rib, which he claimed was perfectly cooked in between mouthfuls. At one point during our meal, the owners came around and asked how everything tasted. Why is it everyone has a knack of asking you that question  when you're in the middle of chewing? Anyway, after hastily swallowing our food, we duly informed him that we would be returning for a little taste of home. I was very impressed by the overall quality of the food (yes, quality is a word that can be associated with British food), as well as the friendliness of the staff and owners. This is a great place to meet up with friends (even with kids -- they love the pool table) and enjoy a relaxed meal and a couple drinks and I'll definitely be doing that on occasion with my friends. Five stars!
5	Go on Sunday and get the Yorkshire Roast Beef. I also highly recommend the Scotch Eggs. This place has the best British fare I've had in a long time (since the King's Head Pub in Santa Monica and not including when I lived in England). It's a little pricey, but we shared the Scotch Eggs & Yorkshire Roast Beef and topped the entire meal off with some bread pudding and after all was said and done, we were well stuffed and paid around $30 for the meal with tip. The decor is certainly "Quintessentially British", although I was slightly affronted by the lack of Manchester United paraphanelia (there was some, but I saw quite a few more scarves for Liverpool, oh well, the food made up for it).
4	Here's a review from another Scottish Expatriate...The food is good and authentic, the price is right. Curry & a pint night on Wednesdays, Roast Beef & Yorkshire Puddings on Sundays. Other days, try the Shepard's pie, Bangers & Mash,  or Beef & Ale pie.Great selection of imported beers, including Tetleys & others that are not commonly found here. Premier League footie on the telly's daily.Try them out.
4	Great Pub!They have a nice selection of beer. Their menu is pretty good too! This is a fun place to go watch your favorite soccer/rugby game or just kick back and have some brew after work with friends.
5	One of my favorite lunch spots has always been Churchill's. A quick pint of Tetley's and some fish and chips is just what the doctor ordered sometimes.  Have never had a bad fish and chips here, beer always ice cold from the tap, only down side being lunch lasts an hour.  I will try and go back during the night hours to watch some rugby and try something else off the menu.
4	This is one of our favorite hang outs! The husband and I are both soccer fans so this is great for us, they almost always have a game on. The food is great and the plum pudding dessert was YUMMY. They have a good beer selection and a fun menu.
4	I was in town visiting a friend and he said this was a good local bar where we could have a couple beer and play a game of poker. I wish there were something like that in OC. Apparently they have a HUGE soccer following..we were there in January. A good time!
3	Not quite a pub and not a full blown restaurant. The food is ahhhh, average. Not quite british but not a full american menu. Scottish eggs are on the menu, puddings but plenty of burgers and everything I expect from the run of the mill american diner. Unfortunately, none of it is incredible....damn it! HOWEVER, the beer menu now that is european, that is british and they have a lot of english beers, ales, porters, and ciders to chose from, I love it! So, get your beer on and there is always a game playing on the multiple flat screens!
5	Fantastic beer selection.  English pub that is truly authentic.  Not a bad thing on the menu, but the fish and chips are known to be amazing.  This is great place to watch football (the English kind).  This is an East Side version of George and Dragon.
2	ON A SHOE STRING ?This place has a really nice tap beer selection. In the first months after they opened I went back 7 or 8 times until I had tried most all of them. I tried three or four different menu items. The food was OK. Wife loved the crab cakes. Service was always very friendly but they frequently seem to be operating with a skeleton crew. Like the same person is the hostess slash bartender slash waitress slash cook slash dishwasher. I usually just stopped in to try a different beer so when the server dissapeared for long stretches of time it wasn't that big a deal. The atmosphere is a little off.  They have this great tap selection paired with a tiny 4 stool bar in a really big pub. Odd set up.  In another area their are some high tables right next to the main eating area which are booths. So you could be trying to eat a nice quiet restaurant style lunch just feet away from jukebox blasting, beer swilling, pool shooting hooligans. There is just something not right about the floor plan.  It is like they ran out of money before they could remodel the inside to fit the business.I still visit every so often because they change up their draft beer selection. Unfortunately because of the atmosphere and staffing quirks it is not a place I can throw an extra star or two.
3	Watch some football with a pint and a plate of chipsWas directed here by a British friends for its authenticity.  It is nice to actually encounter a Brit at a pub, this one is English owned and operated, excellent.The beer selection is not the finest picks, but a good average English medley.  The food, I had the fish and chips, was served in large portions and pretty good.  I also had a choice of which kind of fish you'd like.  Is it just me or is ordering fish in a non-seafood focused restaurant in AZ feel like gambling?All in all, I had a nice time.  If you are a Brit looking for some tones of home, go, if you are from anywhere else and have visited England and want to reminisce, I'd recommend it.
4	I think I've died and gone to British beer heaven just down the road....The food is ok - traditional bar food with some English twists. The dinners are usually better and the crab cakes rock.I love being able to watch rugby and it's the only place I know of that you can get a splash of black current juice with your Guinness! That and some bubbles and squeak.....and if you're lucky, some pipers will stop in and serenade you. Can't get much better than that.
5	I hear British accents every time I come to Churchill's (both among staff and customers), which I take as a good sign.  The service may not be as perky and prompt as, say, Chili's, but what do you want?  It's British!  The food here is wonderful, particularly the fish & chips.  I've had burgers, salads, and a variety of other things, and everything has been great, and sufficiently generous that I've had trouble finishing it.I always love coming to Churchills, and I always leave satisfied. Great lunch spot.
3	I wasn't so impressed with this place.  I get that it is British food, and not fine dining, but that doesn't excuse mediocre quality food.  The husband and I were out and about in the Chandler area and were determined to try somewhere new and not a chain.  We searched and found this place and based on a pretty solid group of reviews, we decided here would be good for dinner.As far as service goes, I really have no complaints.  We were seated promptly, our drink orders taken and we were left for about a minute or two to peruse the menu.  Our drinks came quickly and the server answered a few of our questions in regards to some of the crazy British names for food and we ordered.  I got the Beef and British Ale Pie and the husband got the Fish and Chips, because supposedly they are great here.The Beef and British Ale Pie was pretty decent flavor-wise.  The beer flavor was quite prevalent.  The beef was okay but kind of dry and not as tender as it should have been.  There were mushrooms in it, which I thought was really nice, but there weren't enough for me.  The gravy on the mashed potatoes was quite good.  Their coleslaw seems homemade, but lacks seasoning.  The fish and chips did not look appetizing and the husband did not enjoy it.  The batter was painfully thick and overdone on the outside and underdone on the inside.  It was not a good fish and chips experience for him.Nothing here was really terrible, at least not for me.  It's nothing to get me to come back either.  Oh well, at least that leaves more room for the people that seem to love this place.
2	Seriously? No Guinness?  WTF!?  How am I supposed to watch soccer without a Guinness?  Oh, that's right, you don't have the MLS stations so I can't watch my favorite team.The food was pretty bad too.  I'll stick with Turf of G&D, thank you.
5	Probably the closest thing to a British style pub with great pub food to boot in Chandler. If you aren't big on British good I would recommend the fish and chips with haddock. Yes they don't serve Guinness but they do have Murphy's on tap.
4	I went here the other night for a friends birthday. I didn't officially order anything except for a Tetley's beer, but I sampled the fish and chips, and a dish of grilled chicken with mushrooms. The chicken was really moist, full of flavor and delicious; the fish and chips were tasty too! I love HP sauce so I was glad that it was readily available! It's really out of my way to make this place part of my repertoire, but it gets high marks for being next to Video Paradise which has a huge porn selection with interesting characters browsing for videos... makes for great after dinner entertainment!!!
3	We were in the mood for fish and chips today, so we headed over to Chandler to try out Churchill's. It was Sunday so they had football blaring from the televisions. I understand that is expected, but I don't like the sports bar vibe. I like football, I just don't get into watching the game in a bar. I prefer to listen to music and talk. But I won't knock off too many points for that until I have a chance to go back again on another day and at a different time. Like I said, it was Sunday afternoon and you expect that. They have a lot of good beer on tap--Tetley's, Boddington and a whole lot more. That was a big plus. A big minus was the $5.50 price on an imperial pint. There was no bartender on duty that I could see. That did not bother me today since I was there with my family, but if I was wanting to sit at the bar it would have been a little annoying. In fact, there was only one woman running the entire place. She was doing a good job of it, not super friendly, but not unfriendly, and she seemed to get nicer the longer we were there. Overall, I really can't complain about the service. She had her work cut out for her, that's for sure. The food was mostly good.  Here is what we ordered for the four of us: two orders of fish and chips, a kid's size bangers and mash, a cheeseburger for our niece, and an appetizer of Scotch eggs. I had a Tetley's, and everyone else had soda. Nothing was bad, and the chips (fries) were outstanding. In fact, my wife thought they were the best she had ever tasted.  I thought they were really good also, but not the very best I have ever had. The fish was good, but not great. The bangers and mash were excellent. Our tab ended up being over $60.00, which I thought was a little high for what we ordered. I'd like to try this place again in the evening when I have a designated driver. If I get a chance to do so I'll amend my review. In the meantime, I'd like to give it 3 and a half stars, but I'll have to settle for 3.
2	If it wasn't for my eating disorder, I would have walked out.Instead of making that smart choice, I stayed... cutting away at the thick layer of breading in search of the two haddock fillets.  My rescue attempt turned out to be a recovery, as it tasted fishy.The fries were exceptional, and my wife commented that the cole slaw could be one of the best she has ever tasted. But a great supporting cast isn't going to be enough to redeem the unappetizing star of this show.I'll go to Long John Silvers long before I'll set foot in here again.
4	I've been here half a dozen times in the past couple of years and it is on my list of definitely places to eat when I visit Chandler.  I've never been to the bar so I can't say anything about their drinks but the food I had was mostly good.  The first time I was here I just went in to check it out and see what they had on their menu but it was Thursday night and they had their Lamb special so I decided to stay and eat.  It is really unusual for me to spend over $30 on just me by myself but I really splurged that time.  I got the Scotch Eggs Appetizer (I hadn't had a Scotch Egg since I was in England in 1969!), the lamb dinner, a dark ale to drink, and a Trifle for desert.  The eggs were cold and not bad but not as delicious as what I remembered.  The lamb was wonderful and included some Yorkshire pudding all puffed up like a gigantic mountain of puff pastry.  The ale was excellent.  The Trifle was $6.50 but huge enough to feed four people so I took a large portion of it home.  In fact my to-go box had some of each item except the ale to eat over the next couple of days.  I was very happy with my experience overall.The next time I went I got the Bangers and  mash and they were absolutely delicious!  I'm blanking on what else I tried except for an apple pie with the traditional custard sauce when I went there with my middle daughter and it was also very good.  If you like British style food you should try it.  They have other foods too.  I was sorry to see the other place this used to be close ( Don & Charlie"s?) but if they hadn't this place wouldn''t have had the opportunity to open here and I'm glad they did!
2	Food was okay, but nothing to remember.  The portabello crab cake appetizer was a disappointment as we didn't notice any crab in there.  The steak we ordered was not that good as it seemed like it was precooked, then reheated.  The beef in my Beef and British Ale Pie tasted like the beef sirloin you get in Campbell's Chunky soup, even though it is immersed in sauce, it is somehow dry and bland.  Only redeeming qualities are the beer selection and fries.
1	Had heard good things about Churchill's, but was very disappointed on my first visit.Went with family to celebrate a birthday dinner, at 3:30 on a Saturday afternoon. There were only two other parties in the place.  In spite of the dead slow time, the waitress refused to help us split up a check ("You ordered appetizers, and those are too hard to split." Huh?), and seemed relatively uninterested in us most of the time we were there.I wasn't super hungry, so asked to get the lunch portion of the Bangers & Mash after she talked about their homemade sausages. She said I couldn't do that on a weekend, but I'd want the dinner portion anyway.That dinner portion had a pile of fairly tasty homemade potatoes, but only three halves of sausages.  Not three sausages, three HALVES cut lengthwise. So 1 1/2 bangers for a dinner portion.  That's not banging, that's barely mild thumping! And they were curled up from being overcooked. They seemed like they could have been tasty had they been cooked decent.Oh, and the dinner special fried chicken?  All out for the day. At 3:30?  Seems like if you're going to run a dinner special, and have it on your special's board, you should, I dunno, HAVE the special in the kitchen somewhere.My Guinness was also flat when I got it, and as I think about it... I started this review with two stars but I'm going down to one.  An English pub that can't nail a Guinness and Bangers & Mash might want to rethink their priorities. I haven't been this disappointed in a pub in a long time, and I won't be back.  Blech.
1	This is the second time I've hit Churchhill's and it was a disappointment. The fish was warm at best, limp with the batter separating from the fish. I've been to the UK, and this is nothing like that.The fries were ok, coleslaw was bland, and they really did not know how to pour a Guinness pint. I would not recommend this to any serious English food fan. (And there is good food in the uk!)
