4	Great little bar tucked in between 131 Main restaurant and East Blvd B & G.  The bar has a very contemporary hammered copper bar.   They offer cocktails, beer , and wine... Some tapas.   Also can order from the full 131 main menu if you so choose.The bar staff is super friendly and make decent libations.  It's small enough to have a quiet drink or have a group of people enjoy themselves.Great bar hop stop in East blvd... There are some lounge-worthy couches in the front of the bar and some tables and chairs.  It's dark and definitely has an atmosphere.The only issue I see with this place would be parking, but I believe you can park in the parking deck or on street parking.
4	Very cool little bar behind 131 Main in a hidden location. When we walked in I expected a Mobster in a black suit wanting a secret handshake.....But NOT! Thankfully. It's actually a nice looking bar with a nice Cooper countertop (shocking for a bar called copper I know). Anyway came in for trivia Wednesday and had a blast.  It was $5 Makers Mark day.....not my thing but Thursday is $5 wine day. Nice bartenders and good atmosphere. Nice cozy place for a drink!
5	Upping it a notch to FIVE STARS....Why? Well, we had a Charlotte Wine Appreciation group Meetup here this past Thursday night, and it was $5 wine night! ALL wines were $5. And they did NOT scimp out on the pours. They really did a GREAT job in handling the large crowd they had even though they were short staffed. So kudos to Nicole the bartender/waitress. I felt really bad for her at first, but she finally got a little help and the ship was righted......The ONE thing that Management MUST do is PROVIDE MORE FRIGGIN MENUS! How could a WINE BAR only have like THREE MENUS available for a large group? Come on people.....Print a dozen or so. Hell use a copying machine. We DO have the technology!!!!!!! GRRRRRRRRR (Only criticism of the place for that evening.....not enough to remove the final star though...)Anyway, back at the ranch.....before the wine drinking festivities began, I was STAHHHAAAVIN so I got the menu from 131 Main (of which they are affiliated with, thankfully) and Nicole recommended the Prime Rib Sandwich. OH MY.....GOOD CALL! Very scrumptuous.....super tender. I didn't even need teeth to eat it! It practically melted in my mouth! THAT good. Came with Au Jus and fries, which were good but a TAD TOO thin....while I like shoestring fries, these were more like Dental Floss fries.....I even had trouble picking them up. BUT THEY WERE GOOD! So no real complaints there.....just whining. :-)Now that my belly was FULL, I started imbibing for the evening. They have a limited but well selected choice of wines, and I chose a variety of them for the evening. At $5 for generous pours, it was a great night!Finally, I met some awesome new friends here thanks to Yelp! Marco and Allyson met up with me and my friends, and we got to know one another while drinking delicious wine. What a great evening! Can't wait to do it again.Cu I will SEE YOU again soon! :-)
5	This place is AWESOME! We came here last Thursday night to meet up with our friend (Paul C). It can be a little tricky to find if it's your first time there. I actually walked right past it on the way there - It's pinched in between 131 Main & Frank's. Walking in you almost feel like you're stepping into a speak easy back in the 1920's.They had live music playing near the entrance with nice seating and they had $5 glasses of wine.I've never seen wine pours like this: NEVER -- especially on $5 night. They also had a wide selection of great wines. Everyone who served us was polite, courteous and QUICK. I didn't order anything to eat but from my understand they offer food items from 131 next door (can't go wrong with that). The ONLY thing that I didn't like about the night was looking for parking - It can take a little while as parking is a bit limited in the area. Give yourself 10-15 extra mins and you won't have a problem.I will definitely be adding this to one of the places I stop at when ever I'm in the area.
