2	Don't let the newly refurbished decor fool you. The food here is substandard at best. Even for "American" Chinese food its pretty bad. Go to Panda express instead. The sauce in their Beef with Green Beans was gloppy and gross, it reminded me of mucus. Even the western chinese stand by, honey walnut prawns was covered in a thick hard batter!I will give them a break. They have very attentive service, and are really nice people. Stick to the dishes with fresh veggies lightly prepared. But next time, I'll just drive down the street to Spring Mountain.
3	Clean and beautiful interior and friendly staff. The food was very good and the woman (who I'm assuming is the manager or owner) was very attentive. Although there were a few problems with our food (my mother's order came out wrong) overall, I was pleased with the experience.
1	After the change of ownership, this place is horrible now.  It's just too salty!
3	I've gotten takeout and delivery here.  Not really interested in dining here.  The dining room is nice and clean with comfy booths, but boring.  The dishware they use looks pretty nice, though. It's mostly Americanized Chinese food ala Panda Express.The lunch specials are a really good deal.  You get the same size as the dinner portion but $2 off plus it comes with egg flower soup.  The downside is that the egg flower soup is pretty awful.The garden tofu was pretty good.  A nice selection of fresh vegetables and good chunks of fried tofu.  The paper chicken was also good but searing hot and covered in foil.  I had to wait 10 minutes before I could even handle the foil. The Mongolian beef was sweet not spicy, which was annoying.I've gotten takeout here twice and delivery once.  Each time, ordering was huge saga because the workers have limited English skills.  Which makes me think they have some hidden gems on their menu or off-menu.  But I don't have the patience or language skills to find out.  Delivery was super fast, which I appreciate.All in all, good in a pinch but I'd rather order from Pan Asian or go to Chinatown.
4	1 star = Terrible. Multiple things went wrong. Never going back.2 star = Not good. I will not go back, but it wasnt absolutely awful.3 star = Good, not great. I wouldnt go out of my way, but I *would* go back.4 star = Excellent food. I really liked it. I could be a regular here.5 star = Phenomenal food. Something truly special here.Solid 4 star for me. The service is excellent. The servers are super nice. The decor is simple and elegant. And the food is really good.We started with lettuce wraps, crab rangoon, and egg drop soup. The lettuce wraps were delicious and we loved that the chicken stuff had pine nuts in it :) The crab rangoon seemed freshly made and were yummy. The egg drop soup was just ok. All three dishes we had were excellent: Mongolian Beef, String Beans, and I had the crab and egg white fried rice which was fabulous: there was tons of flavorful crab meat in it. Yum!It was a big pricey -- we paid $75 with tip, no alcoholic drinks. But it was worth it.
5	For years we been getting take out/delivery from china one but after finding china tango this will be our new place from now on.  Food arrived fast, hot and most importantly was good!  China One VERY Salty food!
5	We ordered delivery once again from here and we just can't seem to get enough of it!   The General's Chicken mild is better than PF Chang's.  That's saying a lot for me because I've been a BIG fan of PF's for years.  We also had the Orange Chicken and equally yummy.Sides:  Chicken Fried Rice (best I've had)               Chow Mein (good)They do not add salt or MSG to their food like others in the Summerlin area.  So this is a plus for me as I do not like a ton of salt.I say TRY this place!
2	First, a curious note.  The restaurant seems to refrigerate its dishes;  hot tea was served in icy teapots that promptly rendered the tea insipid.  Delicious hot spring rolls cooled off immediately.  Very odd.My wife vouches for their excellent entrees;  I can't.  The wait staff were so chaotic that I could only watch her eat while they ran crashing around the restaurant.  We flagged them down repeatedly, but amid frenzied prepping to-go orders and serving other table guests, they never got my order outI cancelled my order when she'd finished her meal, and we left.  There was much hilarious wringing of hands over my cancellation, but we simply could not wait longer.We hope the staff there gets adequate rest, and stops mimicking the Keystone Kops. If the restaurant ever organizes itself, it will likely be a winner.
5	We had dinner here again tonight! Can't say enough about the quality of the food!  Dining room is clean and new!  Had the generals chicken med. spice and was great.  Also had the sweet and sour chicken which was not overly sweet like most place I've had.
2	First time at China Tango, I ordered Singapore noodles for lunch. Dry and super salty, just the way I don't like it. It's close to my workplace so I decided to give this place another shot. On the plus side, restaurant is new, clean and modern. Although the food is pretty average, the lunch specials are a really good value.
4	3.5 starsNot quite up to a 4 star, but pretty close to it.  I went to the restaurant and ordered take out in person.  I ran into a bit of the language problem Holly mentioned in her review but it wasn't a big problem.  We ordered asparagus chicken and Hunan beef.  I got the beef extra spicy.  Of course, my wife's was gringa--no spice to speak of in the asparagus chicken.  She liked her meal except the asparagus was a bit woody.  My Hunan beef was excellent and it had the extra spiciness I wanted.I can see coming back here and now that I've ordered in person, I'd call and pre-order.  It's only a mile from home so it's no big deal.  The wait in person was about 10 minutes and I got 3 stars on two Angry Birds levels.
4	In many respects China Tango is your typical neighborhood Chinese-American restaurant:  they have take-out/dine in, and the menu is immediately recognizable with all of the staples. What sets this place apart from everywhere else (especially Panda Express) is the staff , the quality of the food, and the exceptional lunch menu. Every employee we have encountered is absolutely wonderful and takes great pride in their service, appearance, and attitude. On my last visit we were seated behind a very typical  Summerlin family with a teenage twit  who felt it was her job to make sure everything was 5 star quality ("What do you mean this chicken isn't free range? Why don't you serve Bling water?") and never once did the waitress lose a beat or let the level of service for the rest of her full section drop. I'm not sure what it is- perhaps a combination of the smell and ingredients that are higher quality than most neighborhood eateries- but the food here is simply amazing. We've been in about 5 times now and every dish has been delicious and perfectly cooked. My personal favorite is the mu-shu pork and my wife is a huge fan of the volcano shrimp (I have to disagree with other comments about the soup- it's great)So, long story short- if you live in the area definitely check this place out! I would say it's even worth the drive if you live further out.
4	Really Good American Chinese, maybe the best I've had in town thus far. Exceptionally fresh and not at all greasy. We split a tofu and vegtable stir fry that was spot-on and an egg-foo young that was loaded with fresh veggies and cooked to perfection. The price, service and ambience were all good, as was the fresh food.
3	As I was driving around looking for something to eat around the Summerlin area, I stumbled finding this place. I yelped it to check if it had a good amount of stars and read some of the reviews. So why not give it a try for myself? I came here on New Years Day and it was pretty busy, but there were seats available so I was glad there was no wait because the place itself is very small. The workers didn't seem to friendly because there were running around everywhere, plus it took about 15 minutes for someone to acknowledge us. Finally we were seated and handed a menu. I did notice the prices; the prices were a little more expensive then most small Chinese restaurants.Everything on the menu looked good but the one thing that caught my eyes was the Seafood Hot and Sour soup. I haven't seen hot and sour soup with seafood in any other place I have gone to. The soup was good but really spicy. I love spicy food but after a while my mouth just started burning. So if you're a spicy fan I would highly recommend trying it. The Salt and Pepper Shrimp sounded good too so I decided to give that a shot. There were a lot of shrimp and the shrimp was loaded with flavor. If you want rice you have to make sure you tell the server.
2	I did carry out here because I really wanted to try their salt and pepper wings. I also ordered some chow mien and fried rice. The wings had a weird after taste to them. They were not that crispy either. The taste kind of turned me off . The chow mien was decent . The fried rice was generic tasting. I typically rate fried rice based on if it would taste better than how I would make it. I would have been better off making my own. I 'm glad the rice came with my order for free due to their coupon. Their rice is comparable to Panda Express. I expected more from China Tango because they are not considered to be a fast food chain so  I set my expectations higher. The food didn't leave me wanting more it made me lose my craving for wings. The sides were fine but the chicken really threw me for a loop that left me queasy!
5	Ordered here again today! As always good food!
4	This was our second visit. One thing we found out is that they serve lunch until 4, so that might be a good way to try it out without spending a lot of $.
3	I decided to visit my (work) neighborhood Chinese restaurant today for lunch.  I was very pleasantly surprised by the interior- it was clean, well designed, and visually appealing.  They appeared to be doing a rather brisk lunchtime service between take-out, delivery, and dine-in.  I chose the General Tso's Lunch special ($6), for take-out, and sat in their reception area, which very conveniently, had a great selection of magazines for me to read while I waited. All of the lunch specials included either white rice, brown rice, or chow mien, and a cup of egg drop soup and were priced at either $6 or $7.The food itself was piping hot, but was pretty average.  A little on the greasy side, but a large, filling portion. Definitely had a lot of kick and spice to it, as my lips were burning by the end of the dish. I'd rate it as on par with Panda Express.  For a lunch during the work day, I'd probably stop by China Tango again, but I wouldn't go out of my way to dine here.
2	This an average tasting, smaller portion and higher price chinese place.  Disappointed as it is in a nice location and we really don't have very good chinese places in the area but the search continues.
5	Food came in only 25 mins, there were friendly, and the food was great! Great Chinese delivery!
3	The first time couple of times I went there they were closer to four stars, but this last trip put them at a three star. The combo Kung pao was just average. I really hate meat that is mushy, and that's what the beef was. This is just your average Chinese joint with a nice decor.
3	I like this tiny little space. I was quite surprised by the stylish decor and the care put into making this space look unique and special. I thought it would be a hole-in-the-wall but it is quite charming. Even the bathroom has stylish modern fixtures that put a smile on my face- felt like a fancy hotel. Nice touch!  Anyway, the food: I LOVE the won ton soup. It's jam-packed with noodles, meat, shrimp and surprises. It's tasty and filling and wonderful.  I also love their seafood combination entree, which is made with a light garlic sauce.  I usually order these for delivery in Summerlin,   At the restaurant I had their egg-drop soup, which I enjoyed (I don't remember egg-drop having corn kernels like this one does).  The service was great.I have to mention, in all fairness, that they aren't consistent in their delivery. Sometimes they leave out the rice or the fried won tons. I pretty much expect something to be forgotten when I order from them these days, which is not a good thing. Still, I have to give a shout-out to the delivery guy. So friendly!  I don't want to stop ordering from them because they haven't actually messed up an order, but when you can expect minor errors, you have to start considering getting your carry-out from somewhere else.Another thing I have to say: it is pricey.  They could stand to lower the prices for their soups and entrees by at least a couple of bucks. But I'll still come here- I'd just come more often if it were cheaper.
3	Gave the place a chance and I have to agree, over priced mediocre food. I should have known any Chinese place with Phat Thai is not going to be authentic. Won Ton soup, said no shrimp or veggies, BBQ pork and chicken. I got a container of all mushy won tons and no meat. Had to call and have them bring my rice. It was nice eating cold food cause you can't remember the rice? That was $89 poorly spent! Glad I live in LA cause so far the only decent Chinese is in the expensive hotels!
4	Went for lunch special  - Ordered General Tsao;s  Chicken - served with either Chow Mein or Fried/Steamed Rice for 6 Bucks.Opted for Chow mein instead of rice.Served w/ Soup, Fried Wontons (several side sauces plum, duck and serious mustard).Way too much for lunch, so took half home and was great for dinner!Tasty, Spicy, 3 kinds of peppers (chinese, serrano and jalepeno)nice Jasmine Green tea.....Great Value and nice atmosphere.
2	We got a flyer in the mail so decided to try this place. We did do delivery. They said it would take 45 minutes (which did not bother us) but it took almost 2 hours.We would have picked it up otherwise but was looking forward to a night in our jammies watching a movie with some Chinese.The Chow Mein was dry and horrible.I ordered Orange Chicken and Lemon that was just dark meat and grizzly.The Spring Rolls were just dripping with grease.I do not recommend this place to even try to anyone!I think there is a reason they offer freebie coupons on the flyer even though they are not worth it.Our total with delivery and free order of Spring Rolls was $$30.
5	Just had my lunch today, the food was great, and the portion is so big, good value for the money, will come back try more
4	Ate here many times and we love it!  The generals chicken is exactly like PF Changs but less cost. My friend has had the orange chicken and loved it.
2	Went for lunch with my hunny today.  The lady from the back of the room was waiving her arms for us to come and get seated instead of greeting us at the door.  Kinda weird.  We got seated and the lady asked our drink order.  Ten minutes later a guy came to take our drink order....and five minutes later the lady asked us our drink order again because she didnt remember.  (I think there were only a couple people working the tables)Anyways, ordered the mongolian beef for the BF and seschwan chicken for me.  Served with corn soup and fried noodles.  All the food was good.Service lacked personality, friendliness, and attention.  I am a big sucker for good service-I will go back for the service if the food is so so but definitely the service was a big fat ONE STAR! ;)  Im also a sucker for ambiance....another big fat ONE STAR.  Good thing the food was pretty good. Food good.Service NOT good.Lunch Price great.Ambiance eh.If your just looking for a quick meal-go for the food....dont go for good service or great ambiance if that means anything to you.
3	After reading the other reviews I was very leary to try this place.  But, a friend and I go out for lunch every other friday and it was her turn to choose.  She actually craves this place and is here once a week.  Her favorite is the Kung Pao chicken.  I looked over the menu and was disappointed to find the Moo Goo Gai Pan missing from the lunch specials.  I was also hoping to try one of the soups, but as soon as we sat down we were confronted with two bowels of Egg Flower soup and fried wontons.  The soup wasn't that bad-I did add about a tsp of light sodium soy sauce. I decided to order the Schezwan Chicken with half fried rice half steamed rice (I always order my rice this way in case its too greasy).  I was a litttle concered about how hot it was going to be.  If I think about the word 'schezwan' my nose starts to run!  Anyway, I was pleasantly surprised by the flavors.  It was a sweeter dish, but not overly so.  The chicken was breast meat and the veggies were green peppers, onions and mushrooms (love mushrooms!).  It was not hot at all-in fact next time I go I will ask them to kick it up a notch.  I love the combination of spicy and sweet.  The fried rice was what suprised me the most-not at all greasy and great flavor.My lunch here was a satisfying experience for my belly.  I did not come for the ambience as we just sit and gab the whole time.  It got very busy around noon and it made it difficult to pay our check, but all in all it was a good lunch and I will be back!
3	Nice place. Good food. Good service.
1	Decent Americanized Chinese but Rude "Service"We live very close to this and it's one of the only Chinese places in our area, so we stopped in to eat in or takeout a couple of times with so-so results. For dining in, the food is usually pretty good but the service is extremely casual and slow - and there is a major language barrier as English is not the first language of any of the employees. Takeout, pretty much the same. The last two times, we ordered delivery and had such a poor experience that I will never patronize this establishment again.The first delivery, the food arrived quickly, but they forgot the white rice that comes with one of the dishes. We called and they said it would take at least 45 minutes to get the rice to us (bear in mind we literally live 3 minutes from the restaurant, and we are talking about WHITE RICE, which they scoop up already made from a giant vat), and asked if we would prefer to get a credit for the order to use next time. We said OK since we didn't want to wait and figured it would be easier to make our own rice. I asked if we needed anything to get the credit and she said no, it would be in their system.The next time we called, we asked about the credit and they had no record of it (and did not honor it), even though they were able to pull our name and address info up with our phone number. Ok, whatever, we were hungry so we ordered anyway. The food took forever to arrive - probably over an hour. The food was quite dry and fairly cold, but my expectations for delivery are never very high. I then pulled out my Hot & Sour Soup to find that it was actually Wonton Soup. I was disappointed as I figured that at least that would be good (and I do not care for Wonton Soup), so I called to tell them. At first, the incredibly rude woman said, "Are you SURE that's what you ordered?" I said, "Yes, of course. I have never ordered Wonton Soup in my life." Then she says in a snarky tone, "Well, that's why we always read the orders back to you, to make sure it is correct." And I said, "Well, it was my husband you spoke to, but I heard him order Hot & Sour, and he says you DID repeat Hot & Sour back to him. AND, the last time we ordered from you, you also made a mistake and..." she then cuts me off "Well see, it is your fault then, it is your husband if this happened twice, and I cannot take responsibility for that!" Obviously at this point it is getting heated, and I say, "No! YOU forgot the white rice last time. There's no way that's our fault."  So this bickering goes on for several minutes until I finally say, "So are you saying you're not going to take responsibility for this?" And she responds, "No, I am not going to take responsibility." And I say, fine, I will never order from you you again." And she actually replies with "Fine." And then we both hang up!Let me just say here, I am not a difficult customer. I worked in foodservice for 10 years when I was younger, I always tip very well, and I am quite forgiving when things happen that are out of people's control. But I have NEVER in my 38 years been treated so poorly by someone who is in the SERVICE industry. I did not get her name, but I can avow, I will NEVER eat at China Tango again.
4	I work across the street and eat here at least once a week.  The food and the prices are great, sometimes the service is a little slow but that is typically during high traffic times like lunchtime so it is understandable.  Excellent lunch specials and delivery/pickup is available to order online.  Overall a great place for a quick and delicious lunch.
3	It's Chinese alright. I meant its alright Chinese. But must admit, it wasn't greasy. Nice, clean flavors. We had the (Entree) Honey Walnut Shrimp - Nothing exciting. Better than Panda, not as good as Chinese Restaurant in Chinatown (PhoKim Long is good). Came with good portioned white rice.(Entree) Tofu Veggies - Good. Came with good portioned white rice. (Side) Veggie Roll (2) - Was ok. The norm, bean sprout, carrots. For the price we paid for different entree. We will try the Family Value which is a dollar more, but had more of the sides.
4	China Tango is a great location for quick orders.  I placed an order for dinner through the Eat24 iPhone App at 8:10 and at 8:31 they were at my door.  When you place the order it gives you the standard 45 minutes to one hour wait but it has always been quicker.  Free appetizer with minimum order and food prices are good.  The downside is the $2 delivery fee.
1	Tried to make delivery over the phone, girl could not understand me when giving my address. I would give numbers, she would rearrange the numbers, get my apartment number confused with my street number. gave up and hung up.
4	I only get take out but I've never had bad food, a wrong order or a rude person.Love that I can make the Mongolian Beef to my spice level and the Fried Rice is great.
2	I think the vegtables are frozen, not fresh.  I would add a few bucks to each item and use fresh and the quality goes up.Nothing special.  I work nearby and I have been once (April 2013).I would go back with co-workers if someone picks it for lunch, but I would not pick it.It does have a great low-carb menu and the service is fine.
5	I have eaten here a few times now and the food is really good. I recommend coming here for the lunch prices, it is $7 and you get an entree, soup, and fried rice or chow mein. For dinner, the prices are average for a chinese restaurant.
2	Delivered the wrong food, and didn't pick up the phone when we tried to raise the alarm.  Whatever the food was they delivered was 2-star quality, which is why I didn't 1-star them.  Very nice on the phone, very nice delivery, but the food borders on really bad.  The potstickers are a must-avoid, and the lo mein had very old chicken.  This place should be better, but it's just not.
1	DON'T DO BUSINESS WITH THEM. They messed up our order. Then tried to charge us for their mistake. They said 30 minutes. 1hour later food came. It was missing a whole meal. When we called they said they would send one out. Then called back and tried to charge for their mess up. HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!!!!
4	We always have a good meal both take out and dine in.
1	Not exaggerating...this was the worst Chinese food I've had. Anywhere. Ever. A coworker recommended China Tango a few weeks ago and said it was her favorite Chinese place so I decided to give it a try. I walked in and ordered 1) Hot and Spicy Shrimp, and 2) Beef and Broccoli. The hostess was really nice, polite, and said my food would be ready in 20 minutes. 20 minutes later, I was back. My food was ready to go so I paid (thinking it was a little on the pricey side for a non-fancy Chinese place, but figured the food would be worth it based on the recommendation) and was off on my way home. Problem number one, the way they packed the food: two containers of rice on the bottom, hot and spicy shrimp (in a styrofoam container) in the middle, and the beef (in plastic Tupperware container) on top. I made a right turn and the dishes on top toppled over and the shrimp sauce spilled right out (into the plastic bag but still...a mess. And now my car smelled like ketchup. More on that later.). Maybe I should have reorganized the food in the bag Tetris-style but I'm not a huge takeout person so the thought never occurred to me. But it should occur to the people at China Tango, no??? Well, it didn't.Then the food. So bad. So bad. So bad. Beef and broccoli: the beef was rubbery and fatty. Seriously yucky. The sauce was completely bland. The broccoli and carrots were fresh and crunchy but I didn't pay $15 for broccoli and carrots! Hot and Spicy Shrimp: shrimp was breaded then tossed with onions and like a whole bottle of ketchup.  Maybe two. Even my daughter asked, "why does the house smell like ketchup?" when I opened up the container.  This was quite possibly the worst dish I've ever had. Setting aside the ketchup for a second, why would you bread shrimp only to mix it in a thick sauce? It ends up being soggy. Seriously, all around gross. Unless you've got a thing for ketchup, I'd suggest staying far away from China Tango.
3	This place has really good Singapore street noodles, however,  stay away from their "vegetarian spring rolls" which are oil laden egg rolls. All you taste is oil. (YUCK!!) The customer service was mediocre.  My husband and I walked in and were seated right away (we were the only people in the restaurant at lunch time on a Saturday) but it took 10 mins for her to take our drink order and then another 10 mins for our lunch order.  The waitress was friendly but seemed occupied with watching whatever was on tv in the back??  Anyway - I'll order the street noodles again but only for take-out.
5	Great tasting food and great value - the lunch special of $5.95 can't be beat.  We dined in and had the Chicken in hot garlic sauce and the Pork in garlic sauce.  Both were fantastic and came piping hot just out of the wok!  The portion was enough for two meals and that was what we did - doggy bagged to take home.  Place is clean and service is prompt and friendly.  Will be back many times.
4	Last night was my 3rd time there, and it gets better each time. The Lemon Chicken was superb, and CT has become a favorite.
1	We went there tonight to eat dinner and my husbands meal came and we kept waiting on my food to come. I told him to go ahead and eat so his food wouldn't get cold. After 10 minutes I ask where my dinner was he said one minute and went to answer the phone. Meanwhile a whole family of 4 was served their meal while I continued to wait. My husband was finished eating by this time. So I ask for a to go box for his food. Then he brings out my food. I told him I didn't want it now we were leaving. He charged me for food I didn't get. He never apologized or anything! I will NEVER EVER GO BACK! I do not recommend this place at all. Bad service!!
2	I work really close to this place so I tried it a few times, it's kinda hit or miss. I do really like they're spicy eggplant, but not the Orange chicken. They have good lunch specials and portion sizes.
3	On a whim I tried this place. Got the Singapore rice noodles and overall it was pretty good. Food came out fast. Can't speak about the staff as I got take out. I will go here again. Got a lot of food for the money
3	Pretty good. Had the curry chicken.... Was pretty enjoyable but fried rice wasn't to die for. I got delivery and it was super quick. No complaints this time :)
4	I found this location to be suitable and the food palatable. The lunch menu was reasonably priced, quickly prepared, and I found the value to be good. Service was ok. Restrooms were clean!
2	Ordered our favorites to go:  sizzling rice soup and egg foo yung.  Neither tasted as good as we remembered.  Soup was bland and egg foo yung was missing bean sprouts.  When I called, I was told there is a new owner and the food changed a little.  Too bad.  It was our favorite Chinese restaurant.  No longer.
3	Still the fastest cheapest lunch in Summerlin They just still need to work on service Hospitality. And hot food coming out hot Today I was graciously asked if I would like my lunch heated up in a microwave!
3	There are a few China Tangos around town and I recently relocated closer to this location. Unfortunately, it's not as great tasting as the Green Valley restaurant, but it's good enough to visit again and again when in the mood for Chinese. We really like the fried wontons, sesame chicken, and combination chow mein. We've yet to try anything else here in our last two visits.
1	Terrible food. I ordered the volcano shrimp which advertises that they serve it flaming. No flaming & tasted like shrimp with onion relish over it. I asked them why this is & they laughed & made some excuse but never offered to replace the dish. The ambiance is a 5 but don't be fooled. The food is what matters.
3	I come here when I crave Chinese food and it's close to my work. Their lunch specials have huge portions, prices are $6 or $7. I haven't tried any of their non-lunch specials. It's one of the few places where you get hot and sour soup or egg flower soup when you pick it up or get it delivered so an extra star for that. Most Asian places don't include soup unless you dine in. It's a little better and cheaper than Panda Express but you get a bigger portion and soup. It's not the best nor the worst Chinese food I've had but definitely hits the spot when you want Chinese food.I haven't dined here but the service is decent. A few times, I had to wait a few minutes when they said it would be ready in 10 minutes but not a deal breaker.
