5	The Taco Truck finally made it to the Southside!!!I ordered the Korean Beef with Kimchi, The Jerk Chicken with Avocado creme and I also got the Carne Asada with Pickled radish.  It was more food than I would normally want to eat but I wanted to try them.  The Korean Beef was fantastic.  Kimchi was not overpowering.  The Jerk Chicken had a great spice to it and the Avocado cream was so good I licked the tin foil clean.  The pickled radish in the Carne Asada was a nice touch.  The corn tortillas are better than I would have expected.   I normally prefer flour tortillas.  I can''t wait until he comes back to some place I can get to so I can try any new tacos James is cooking up.  If he posts times that the truck is open, go early.  There was a line and I think he sold out of some by the end of the day.
4	I stopped by here with my girlfriend for a snack this past Sunday afternoon at Coffee Buddha.  We had attempted to get tacos here the previous day during the food truck roundup but the line was simply ridiculously long and barely moving.   So whenever we pulled up this past Sunday I was pleased to see that the line was only about 15 people long with some people obviously a part of a single group.  It was cold out and I was determined to wait although I certainly didn't think that it would take the half an hour to forty five minutes that it did.  While the owner of the truck was clearly working very hard and was also amusing to talk to, I can't exactly say that the operation was efficient since every taco is made after it has been ordered.  Granted that is nice from an eating standpoint but not so for efficiency.  Originally my girlfriend and  I had only planned on trying three of the tacos from the truck but after the long wait I figured that I would we should try all five because who knows when either one of us would want to wait that long again.  On this day the taco truck had a butternut squash with chipotle cream (I think), a pork one with a fruity salsa, a jerked chicken with avocado cream, a Korean BBQ with kimchi and finally the americano which is steak, cheddar and salsa.  After being handed the bad and sent on my way I made it upstairs inside Coffee Buddha only to realize that I only had 4 of the 5 tacos I had ordered.  Apparently the owner knew that too as whenever I went back down to ask about it he quickly provided me with the missing taco.   I enjoyed all of them to an extent as the tortillas that they are all put on are quite good.  My favorites through were the jerked chicken with avocado and the pork tacos followed by the Korean BBQ and Americano with my least favorite of the bunch being the vegetarian.  The jerked chicken taco was my favorite as the chicken had a nice spicy flavor and the avocado cream sauce was simply amazing.  It had a slight taste of avocado combined with the taste of lemon that reminded me of a good lemon aioli and if I could buy some more, I would.  The pork taco was also great with the pork being extremely tender which combined with the sweetness of the toppings perfectly.  You could tell that the Americano taco was made with real pieces of steak which was nice although I thought it was missing a little pizazz that the others had.  My Korean BBQ seemed to be the same way and I think a little more of the soy based sauce on it would have made it much better.  Finally I was not a huge fan of the butternut squash one (disclaimer that I am not a fan of butternut squash) but it was slightly sweet and better than I had expected.The bottom line for me is that if I was rating the truck on food alone, I believe it would deserve 5 stars as it definitely hit a home run.  However, I was not a big fan of the wait even though I understand why there was one.  Due to that I would definitely head back here again in the future but only if there was no line or a fairly short line waiting for the truck.
4	Being a daysleeper, the PGH Taco Truck's hours at Coffee Buddha are often during my nap time.  So when I saw there was a food truck roundup on a Saturday, I decided, perhaps foolishly, to stop by.  I stood in line for 20 minutes.  And then 30.  At this point I decided I couldn't leave because I had invested this much time.  The total wait time was nearly an hour and a half.  Who cares about losing a toe to frostbite?  The place was crawling with hipsters, suburbanites, children and dogs.  I was late for work.  Would I do it again?  Probably.  But I'd probably try to get there earlier....or wake up on a weekday when there probably isn't a line.  But the tacos ranged from good to amazing for me.  My favorite was definitely the Beer Braised Pork with Pineapple Salsa.  I also enjoyed the Jerk Chicken with Avocado Cream.  The basic taco, called the Americano, with beef, cheddar and homemade salsa was also not bad.  I can't wait to try more.It's worth following PGH Taco Truck on Facebook or Twitter because the menu is always changing and daily options are always posted (as well as current locations).  Tacos range from $3-5 and are made as ordered.  The owner is a friendly chap who will chat you up as he prepares your food.  He enjoys what he does.  You can taste it in the tacos.
2	Ok, I SO wanted to fall in love with the tacos from the PGH Taco Truck, but from the food that was served to me today, I am not sure I would wait in line again to suffer another disappointment.   I arrived at the Baum Blvd. location for a late lunch.  There were only five people in line ahead of me, but my wait was 20 minutes. (An elderly woman who was ahead of me gave up and left)  My carne asada taco filling was barely warm, flavorless, and the meat very difficult to chew.  The black bean taco filling was warmer, but like the carne asada taco, had no flavor.  Taking all the rave reviews into consideration, maybe today was just a fluke.  I'll give ya another try and hopefully update my review by 2 stars.
4	Thank you PGH Taco Truck for fighting the good fight and bringing traveling tacos to town! And thank you Coffee Buddha for hosting them near to my home. Quick dinners have never been so conveniently delicious! And, oh, the tempting taco twists!I've sampled (so far) the SeaBak (in honor of Pittsburgh's own Rick Sebak) which consisted of scallops (sea), bacon (bak), cheddar and guac  stuffed into corn tortillas. Sounds like heaven, right? It was.Other taco winners Mark and I have enjoyed: Spicy Jerk chicken and avocado cream; Chicken, bacon and cheddar with sriracha cream; Juicy pork (incredible!) with sweet Thai slaw.We've even picked up a couple of tacos to treat friends - you know who you are. Nothing brings a smile to a host (or barkeep) quite like a taco!Have gluten issues? No worries. James (the man behind the taco) uses gluten-free soy sauce in recipes calling for what normally contains wheat. No flour tortillas are used either - corn exclusively! What a find...what a treat...WHAT A TACO! Now get with it City of Pittsburgh and change the food truck laws to allow free-roaming food trucks to serve the people of Pittsburgh when and where the trucks may venture. Free The Food Trucks!
5	Let's rewind a couple weeks.  It was a Tuesday, a sort of cloudy/dreary/misty rainy kind of day and it was nearing lunch time.  The hunger was starting to creep up and my boring turkey sammich, salad and fruit cup were not lookin' too appealing.  I thought about heading to the usual go-to destination in the Strip (Salem's - also a must try), but I just didn't want to risk getting caught in the rain; so, a turkey sammich it was.  Right as I was about to take my first bite, my co-worker shouts out, "THE TACO TRUCK IS HERE!"  (okay, maybe she didn't shout, but in my recollection of the story, the overwhelming excitement I felt made it seem as if she was shouting).  TO HELL WITH THE RAIN! I dropped that stupid sammich as if a police officer were telling me to freeze and drop what I was holding in my hands!  Okay, so the Taco Truck was here. Let's go. I've heard so many awesome things about this joint, it was a no-brainer.  Tacos would be my lunch.I ordered 2 - carne asada with kimchi and the spicy jerk chicken with avocado cream.  Both were OUTTA BOUNDS de-freakin-lish!  The kimchi, which can overpower it's sidekick, was the perfect accompaniment to the already flavorful beef. It had a slight bite and provided a nice kick to the tastebuds.  You know what else gave ya a nice kick in the mouth!? The jerk chicken! It definitely had a wonderful spice to it which was obviously balanced out by the smooth, cool, green avocado cream sauce.  As I said to my co-worker once I finished it,  I wouldn't mind bathing myself with it (j/k j/k...well...maybe wink wink).Anyhow, let's fast forward a couple weeks to yesterday - THE TACO TRUCK WAS BACK AGAIN!!!  My co-workers & I headed back down to the Blumengarten, where they set up shop, and eagerly waited in line.  My time to order had come again - the juicy pork with thai slaw & grilled chicken with bacon & siracha cream, PLEASE AND THANK YOU SENOR! How many times can you say delish without sounding repetitive?! It was DELISH!! The pork! OMMMGGGGaaahhhh, the PORK! It was SO tender, SO flavorful, SO juicy - I could have eaten it by itself without the slaw (but, let's face it, why would you do that? DON'T ALTER THE CHEF'S CREATIONS!).  And the chicken/bacon/siracha cream?  Get out. Just stop. First of all, you can't go wrong with chicken & bacon anything, but to have the balls to add a siracha cream sauce too!?!?! You, sir, you should be knighted, given the key to the city, granted immunity - whatever you deem is appropriate! The siracha sauce was just perfect;  it provided the perfect little twist to the already "classic" combo of chicken & bacon. (I'd probably bathe myself in this too....j/k j/k...well...maybe HA!) Anyhow, kids, the moral of the story is: GO EAT TACOS. NOW. DO WHATEVER YINZ CAN TO TRACK THIS TRUCK DOWN - TWEET IT, FACEBOOK IT, INSTAGRAM IT, OR JUST SLAP A GPS DEVICE TO THE BACK OF THAT BAD BOY!  It's awesome. It's cheap. You're supporting local business and you're supporting a guy who clearly LOVES what he does, and that's hard to say about a lot of ppl these days!
5	This is the best food truck in Pittsburgh right now.  They have an innovative menu and really excellent food.  There are other cool things, like solar power.  I have tried the Korean Braised Shortrib w/ kimchi, Spicy Jerk Chicken, and the Juicy Pork and they are all excellent, but my favorite is the Spicy Jerk Chicken.   Great prices, most sandwiches are about $5.The PGH Taco truck does a lot of community events, and I definitely appreciate all that they do.  They have everything going for them, definitely the food truck you want to check out first.
3	Oh how I want to love the taco truck! But, alas you have failed me.... Being a veg, I only had one option and it was not so great. The potato was pasty and stuck to the roof of my mouth. It was a little over spiced but somehow also plain. Blah... Just Blah...Everyone else loved it :( but they ate the meat options. Sad-ness!
4	Oh man, I love the Taco Truck. I stalk them regularly on twitter and Instagram for daily menus and their current location, which they are great about sharing. Most often, I'll visit the truck at The Coffee Buddha in Perrysville because it's not too far from home. They always have at least one veggie option, and it's always mouth watering! And cheap!! To date we've tried the black bean tacos and the curried potato tacos (my favorite!!), but they also have a tofu taco on occasion and a samosa type choice which I'm desperate to try. I'll have to keep stalking I guess!The turn around has always been quick considering the quality of the product. The ingredients are incredibly fresh and high quality. They even offer vegan cheese and I believe all tacos are 100% gluten free! Bonus! I look forward to PGH Taco Truck Wednesday's at The Coffee Buddha. They've been branching out location wise recently, so look for them near you soon! I wonder if I can convince them to park outside of my house for a few hours?
1	Let me start by saying that I love the idea of the Taco Truck, and I'm glad more food trucks are making their way to Pittsburgh. The owner seems super nice and it's nice that Pittsburghers have come out to support this new business.That being said...these tacos were flavorless and uninspired. I tried the short rib tacos with Kim chi and they had no taste. The Kim Chi had no spice at all. I'm fine with Taco Truck borrowing recipes from the Koji truck in Los Angeles, but don't use their ideas if you can't execute. Beans & cheese as a vegetarian taco? Please. Not to mention that when I was there, I counted and there were 22 people in line ahead of me. It took me 40 minutes to get to the front and order. Food trucks like this are designed to be quick and efficient...the Taco Truck is neither.I know I'm being harsh here, and I hope the Taco Truck can get it together. They have a great following and a lot of goodwill - I just wish their food and service was a lot better.
3	It's time for me to enter the world of the food trucks. I didn't realize there were so many of them in the area! Since I haven't found a way to convince one to drive to me, we stopped out to the Taco Truck while it was at the Coffee Buddha. We got two tacos - one angus with salsa and one chicken with sriracha lime cream. At $4 a piece I was hoping for a little more substance in my taco, but it wasn't too far off from my expectations. The ingredients all seemed fresh - I was particularly fond of the soft corn tortilla shell. It added a great flavor. The meats were not seasoned enough for my liking. Both the chicken and angus could have used a little more lovin', but the sriracha lime sauce was very good. The salsa on the angus taco was too runny causing the taco shell to disintegrate and juice to spill out all over me. I'd be up for trying some new tacos here but I can't say I'd go out of my way for one. Sorry, Taco Truck.
3	It's definitely my fault.What is my fault you ask?  Well, it's my fault that I got myself all hyped for delicious tacos from the truck I pass so often (Coffee Buddah is close to my place).  Well I finally got a chance to stop by for some lunchtime tacos and I am not sure if they lived up to all that hype I may have unfairly assigned to it.I read through the reviews while working on my review and it's a lot of the same stuff I was disappointed with looking back.  I was under the assumption that since food trucks have a much lower opperating cost so they can charge less for more, but I feel the PGH Taco Truck charges exactly what you'd expect for exactly what you'd expect in a brick and mortar shop.  That's unfortunate.I chose the Black Angus with red onions, queso fresco, cilantro, and lime.  The meat didn't taste like it was seasoned and was dry.  The queso and toppings were good and the tortilla wasgood, but it left me wanting more.  The other taco I got was a chicken, bacon, cheddar with sriracha cream.  Again good, a bit better than the beef one as the chicken was marinated.  Overall the tacos would score a 4 in a restaurant for the price, but I maybe falsely assumed better results from the "Best Food Truck in Pittsburgh".I will keep an eye on the menu and look forward to trying some of their more unique offerings with less hype this time around and try to judge them on the fact that Pittsburgh is still learning this food truck thing.
5	Fell in love when I heard there was a food truck serving tacos in the area, knew it was forever love when I tried my first one!  I tried 2; Jerk Chicken and then Pork with an Thai Slaw. The Jerk Chicken was by far my favorite.  The flavor was strong, and the creamy avocado sauce cooled it down perfectly. The pork and slaw taco was good. It didn't have as bold of flavors, but was still very delicious!  I suggest everyone give them a try.  I will be back in the near future!
5	I've gone three or four times now to PGH Taco Truck, and the tacos are sublime.Yesterday, I had the Spicy Jerk Chicken with avacado cream, the shrimp and pineapple, and the curried potato.  All three were HOT, fresh, and fantastic.I can't say enough about the tacos coming off of this truck!
5	One of the best taco trucks in the United States, and they couldn't be any more humble about it!The PGH Taco Truck on a daily basis serves up several different kinds of tacos for whatever craving you possess. The spicy jerk chicken is spicy, don't mock it! It's wonderfully spicy, authentic to the style, and oh my is the steak juicy. The curried potato is a great veggie option and it too is packed to the brim with flavors. My absolute favorite is the chicken w/ bacon and the sriracha lime cream sauce! I walk away from the truck two of those and usually one more picked by James himself.You cannot go wrong here, you want a real taco? Go here. You get your money's worth every single time.
4	I've visited a number of times, sometimes as part of a food truck round-up or just stopping by Coffee Buddha for lunch on-the-go.  I am proud to have the truck's home in my neighborhood!  Today I had the braised pineapple pork taco.  Served hot, it was quite a treat on a chilly afternoon.  It had the perfect balance of sweet and tangy... yum yum yum.
5	Been here close to 20 times in the year that he's been open and will continue going constantly.  There are simply no better tacos in Pittsburgh, not even close.  I've pretty much had every taco that he's had available on the menu.  From Venison to Steak Kimchi and everything in between, each one has been fantastic.  Living on the North Side of town doesn't offer many culinary advantages, but the fact that the Coffee Buddha is home to the taco truck makes up for them all.  Without any hyperbole, this is my favorite place to get food from in Pittsburgh.  Tacos Rule.
5	www.bigtsreivews.com
5	www.bigtsreviews.com
4	Great food! I love seeing this truck around my neighborhood (Lawrenceville). My favorite: Spicy Jerk Chicken. The Big Cheese is good too, just might be a little on the salty side for some.
4	I love me some tacos and I love me some Cherikee Red. Together in harmonious entwinement they make for an incredible experience.The dudes are friendly and the options varied and creative. Words aren't enough to describe the Thai chili slaw and avocado cream is the stuff of taco dreams.The truck always pops up when you need it with such brilliantly delicious clairvoyance you'd swear they were tracking your belly thoughts with some PRISM-inspired culinary surveillance.Never skip it. No matter how long the line.Don't even think about it. They might know.
4	I drive past the taco truck everyday it's parked at coffee buddha on my way home from work. I'm always tempted to stop and never have. I went to the coffee buddha food truck round up this past saturday, and if I would have known what I was missing I would have stopped many, many times on my way home from work already! I ordered the organic curried potato taco with chipotle mango creama. The taco was overstuffed to the point I needed to eat it entirely with a fork. It was very tasty but far too spicy for me to finish. Luckily my dining partner loved the spice and happily finished it. My dining partner ordered the spicy jerk chicken taco with avocado cream. It was the decided favorite of the three we ordered. I ended up finishing this one. It was not spicy to me and the avocado cream blended nicely with the jerk seasoning. The final taco we ordered was the flank steak with brussel sprout kimchi. This was the least favorite but it was still very tasty and beats what you could get at most local mexican restaurants. I short, do yourself a favor and visit the pittsburgh taco truck-your tummy will thank you!
4	OK...so I went to the PGH Taco Truck while it was parked on Braddock Avenue in Braddock. Having approached this as a learning experience and intentionally ordering things I know I may not like, I gave a review of four stars. I was initially thinking three but finally determined that what I did not like about the PGH Taco Truck was no surprise.First, the guys working the truck were awesome. They were laid back, interactive and even made funny faces at my 14 mos. daughter. The service was fast and they made recommendations that were helpful.Second, the Tacos:Chicken  w/ Sour Cream - No frills, exactly what it sounds like and delicious! The tortillas are amazing and this was hands down the best taco.Beef w/ Queso - Another really simple yet tasty taco. Chicken w/ Avocado Lime Cream - This was really delicious, however the Avocado Lime Cream was inconsistently spicy. Certain bites were cool and refreshing and others tasted like straight fire.Pork Chorizo - Salt, salt salt. I ordered this one knowing I wouldn't like it but wanted the full PGH Taco Truck experience. If you like chorizo, then you will likely enjoy this taco.Third, my wife and I split four tacos which was more than enough. Initially we ordered three and then asked for a fourth based on the seemingly small size. However, we would have been A-OK with only three.Overall, I will likely visit them soon when they park at Biddle's Escape in Wilkinsburg and look forward to tasting some of their other tacos as well.
3	This was a bit of a disappointment. The food wasn't bad, but it was pretty average in my opinion.
3	Yeah I don't know what happened here.I got tacos, and it was really underwhelming. I was let down.  Its like getting to go on a date with someone REALLY REALLY HOT that you were REALLY INTO, and then you find out they are boring.  :(It's just okay.  How can you not love tacos?  You can't mess up a taco.  But given all the hot fuss about the taco truck I thought my mind was going to be blown.  Perhaps it was the fact I waited 45 minutes in line (we were at an event, in fairness) for my carne asada with kimchee taco.It was just okay.  So I might try the taco truck again as it is parked next to my office building, beckoning me even though I just had lunch because I love tacos JUST THAT MUCH.  But I'm not going to actively seek it out.3 stars because they have Cherokee Red.  LOVES me some Cherokee Red!
5	Awesome and fresh tacos.  Highly recommend to everyone.
4	Tacos, tacos, tacos. I'm not a taco expert, but I am a taco fan. We sampled this truck's fare when they were parked at Coffee Buddha in the North Hills. Luckily, we didn't have to endure a long wait in line like other reviewers have mentioned here, because we got to the truck pretty much right when it opened (cuz I'm kinda Type A like that).Rather than using my usual elaborate hyperbole to describe how good the food was, I'll keep it simple and just say: the tacos were very tasty. I tried the grilled chicken taco and the thai chili chicken taco. The grilled chicken taco was basic but executed very well. Perfectly-seasoned, juicy meat, fresh pico, and cheese were combined on a double layer taco shell and it was absolutely delicious (and special props for the double shell -- gotta make sure the bed for the fillings is properly reinforced!)  The thai chicken taco was also yummy, filled with seasoned chicken and topped with a sweet thai chili slaw. Again, fairly simple, but done very well.The tacos were $4 each, which I thought was a bit steep, so I took off one star for that. I would think that a food truck would have low overhead costs, so I would expect prices to be more in the $2-3 range. But what do I know?
4	I love supporting individual owners and chefs. James sure does it right! Jerk chicken, beef with kimchi, basic beef with cheese...all good, all the time, every time.
4	I really hope Pittsburgh will get its act together with public parking laws so that food trucks can park in the city and I can eat my weight in Pgh Taco truck tacos every day.The chorizo and jerk chicken are my personal favorites.  The vegetarian tacos were amazing too!
5	In my experience, most tacos are low on creativity, and stingy with the good stuff.  The PGH Taco Truck is a revolution in your mouth.  These culinary acrobats manage to keep 2 wheels of their taco truck balanced on a tight rope of traditional mexican fare and 2 wheels on a tight rope of culinary explorations, all while racing full speed ahead!Get ready for:Chorizo, jerk chicken, cheddar, sauteed onions and mango.Organic ground beef with tomato and Hatch chilis.Chicken with sweet Thai chili sauce.Roasted garlic ground beef with Italian gnocchi.Potato and lentil pumpkin squash curry.Chicken verde (cilantro, tomatillo, Vidalia onion, jalapeno and Anaheim chilis).High on taste and creativity, low on cost and pretension, it's all made fresh, made fast, and made with love.  I can give or take ice cream, but if I see this truck going down the road, I'm chasing it down!
4	I've heard of this food truck from eatpgh and I happen to stumble upon it while getting coffee at Espresso a Mano. I loved how there is a partnership between the two businesses. Using local produce, their tacos are a filling meal. I tried the grilled chicken and chorizo tacos and they were delicious! My only complaint was that I wished there was a more refreshing element to the chorizo to cut through the spiciness of the meat and onions. If you ever spot the truck on the streets, go try their tacos!
