5	YUM!!
4	I went to Nachobot last night and had the veggie option. Carmalized mushrooms, whole cloves of roasted garlic, cilantro, pico de gallo & 2 types of cheese! They come with chopsticks! This is a challenging proposition! We took our nachos next door to lost leaf and had them with a glass of zinfindal. This could easily become a habit!
4	Until last night, I had no idea nachos could be gourmet.  SO good!  I went with a friend and we split the veggie nachos and I still had enough to bring home for dinner the next day  (seriously - it is a LOT of nachos).  The food was really fantastic - tender spinach, whole cloves of garlic, tasty cheese and salsas spicy enough to make this Midwestern gal cough (in a good way).  Sadly, they were out of guac.If this review were based solely on the quality of the grub, it'd be 5 stars.  Ambiance was close to nil, though - the interior was just a big, empty space, with nice art on the walls but nowhere to sit.   And seriously, no guac?  SO SAD.  The place has a few kinks to work out, but I assume that the amazing food will keep people coming back for seconds and thirds and....  I definitely recommend it.
4	John Sagasta is taking over the Roosevelt area - and that's a good thing.Nachobot serves well designed / prepared food.  A huge plus is the late-night hours employed here.  Most things food close around 10pm nightly.  My one main complaint (and it could very well be because the place is new) is the lack of being opened earlier in the day!  The Lost Leaf / Nachobot mix is a great combination.
5	Get down here and try these nachos folks, you will not be disappointed. They make from scratch their cheese sauce, and it could not be more perfect. I wish I had pics to show you, but every time I get them I just have to dive in right away. My personal favorite is the colorado beef nachos, the meat is simmered for 6 hours in spices and is sooooo tender. They have very unique choices here you will not find anywhere, and also have vegetarian nachos that I have heard are just as good.I have been here about 5 times now and have found myself craving this place every weekend, run to this place, you will be so happy : )
5	Maybe it's the beer talking, Nachobot, but you got a butt that won't quit.  You've got these big, chewy nachos...sfdakljagl;kfgjal;gkja;gll;asdfk...Seven dollars?!  Get outta here...
4	Ha, nacho's nachos... or nachos. What will you have? I'll have nachos!Nachobot is in a weird place. When you arrive, it will look like a house. That is just how this street works as all the houses on this street are businesses. Deal with it.Secondly, the dining experience is more akin to going to a friends house and you laying on the floor to eat than a restaurant sit down place. Again, this is a house with some benches along the wall and a porch. I opted to block the way, and sit on the porch steps. so if  you're looking for a place where you can stare doe-eyed at your date across a table... this is not the place. Deal with it.Food: I got the chicken one, whatever that was officially called. It was damn good. The salsa sauce stuff combined with the chicken and cheese made quite a tasty treat. You know what I liked though? They serve it with chopsticks. Yes, effing chopsticks. Keep those hands clean for groping your girlfriend and use those chops to clean your plate.Beverage: They serve all bottles in the classic glass bottles. Meaning, when you finish it... you have to buy another one.What I thought was "bad" was that it was $7 for a plate... which didn't include a drink. But then again... There was enough food that I didn't even eat it all, so maybe I'm just being a little bitch here after eating on the cheap at home. But for sure, one thing that I didn't care for was the "one serve" drinks. I admit, I love to drink/eat at 50/50. So when I ran out of my beverage (water), I was kind of like, meh, I don't want to buy another one...  but then again, this place kind of strikes me as a place that wouldn't even care if you brought your own soda/water. Not sure on that.I will be back... and I'll bring a date (if for nothing else, how badass is it to say that we are going to go eat nachos while sitting on a porch?)
4	Nacho, nacho maaan, I want to be a nacho (wo)man!  Especially here.  The nachos at this joint are seriously delicious.  I've been here on multiple occasions and their vegetarian nachos never let me down. I do wish they had more than one veg option - but at least they do that one dish so well. Whole garlic cloves! Melty cheese! Guacamole! Chop sticks! Don't let the initial sticker shot deter you, there are enough nachos for two people to nosh on all night long.  The ambiance needs quite a bit of work - but that can be fixed by taking your plate of nachos over to Lost Leaf or Jobot.
5	This place is great! I mean how many Nacho places, where they only sell nachos are there? Plus you get to eat them with Chopsticks.They have some really cool kinds of nachos too. Not your average Chips and Cheese. I recommend there Buffalo Chicken nachos with melted blue cheese sauce. You have never tasted anything like them. They have one with hot dogs, one with what seems to be a beef, like pot roast, and for you veggies they have a nacho for you. You also get a choice of green or red salsa on the side.The price my be a little of a shock around $7 dollars, but they are well worth it. The portions are enough for 2, or 1 drunken person stumbling over from The Lost Leaf. So go try something different and you to will fall in love with this place. Look for the big Neon sign that says "Munchies"
4	Pros:  Amazing taste!  Unique nacho combinations.  Friendly service.  Near Lost Leaf.  They now have a huge table.  (It is communal dining style.)  Cons:  Price.  No refill - not even water.I have been with friends a few times.  Now, I crave them.  However, I'm a broke college student, so I try to split the cost with a friend (or buy them a beer next door).  The serving is large enough to do this, so that's nice.  Recommended.  Try not to go super-late on a busy night, as they do run out of ingredients for the presented nacho choices.  However, the chef can create good stuff off the top of his head.
4	I absolutely love this place and its next to JoBot which is another plus. Great selection of nachos, all for about $7 with great ingredients and a unique combo of flavors. Plus, its open really late, I think until 4am on the weekends, which makes this my new favorite place to hit up when those late night junk food cravings hit and I don't want Mexican food. The price is a little high, but you get a lot of nachos for what you pay for.
5	This is the kind of place that I'm like, seriously - why did I not think of this?  In college, I had a full blown nacho addiction.  I corrupted the majority of my girlfriends to the same fate, guiding them to 7-11 and showing them my systematic way of keeping the chips separate while nearly bankrupting the fake cheese sauce machine into the container with the jalapeno slices.  But this was only the gateway drug, soon I moved on to the various 'bertos and Super Burritos of the valley eager for more more!  It's been a minute since then, but when I discovered this new nacho-only spot downtown last First Friday - I was like my old college self, leading my troop from our beers at the Roosevelt down a few blocks to the promise land: Nachobot.  True to downtown style, it is located in a cozy old house with about one big table inside.  There was exactly 1 cool dude that was working as the order taker, cashier, and the magical nacho maker.  I think I should call him Mr. Bot.  My BF kind of gave me a look when I suggested we each order our own (he likes to share)  so Mr. Bot suggested we do a lil' half and half compromise.  I had the side with the roasted garlic, caramelized mushrooms, and cheese (omg), and he had the side with the slow cooked Colorado beef with a spicy red sauce and yes, more cheese.  There were chopsticks to eat with, but that would have just slowed me down and prevented me from licking my fingers of all the cheese sauce goodness that was Nachobot.  I really appreciated that the cheese was not just the pre-shredded variety haphazardly thrown on there and expected to melt with the addition of other toppings ('bertos I'm talking to you), nor was it that machine orange cheese sauce (how my standards have improved since college, in all ways).  The Bot cheese is a delicious sauce concoction that is made from scratch so it stays gooey and melty, and is LAYERED and weaved into every last tortilla chip along with the toppings so that it feels like that first top bite right until the very end.  Shockingly, we took some leftovers home.  I actually heated them up and ate them in the morning.  I did not share (it was like 4 chips!).  After announcing that I was making my famous sausage biscuits and gravy for breakfast my BF asks what happened to that leftover nachobot? and then his pouty face came out.    He actually tried to go back the next day for lunch while retrieving his car from downtown.  They aren't open for lunch, but they are open until 4:00am, which is just how it should be.  See you soon Mr. Bot!
4	Wow. So I finally got a chance to try this place out last Friday. Num Yummy! I just happened to be in the area and I made a point to make sure to stop by and I wasn't disappointed. There were like 5 different options and the one I chose had the onions, garlic, cheese, et al. Believe me it was a touch decision. They whipped it up for me in no time and I was out the door. Now mind you I decided to drive all the way home to eat my yummy nachos. Mistake as they smelled so good. When I got home and opened my container, at first I was a little disappointed as it appeared to be alot of nacho chips. However upon consumption I realized that I ended up needing all those yummy chips too. (Especially the next day when I finished off the leftovers)  Sweet baby jesus this was some good eats. Needless to say I will be coming back for more real soon to try whatever the may have on their menu, (which changes daily if I am not mistaken) If you happen to be in the area and are craving some good nachos, give them a try. You will not be disappointed.
4	I love nachos!!!! Only complaint is how expensive it is for nachos.....
1	Kinda gross that the cook had his hair loose. Also, the nachos weren't all that flavorful. Def not worth $8.
4	Fun place to go to late at night when you're in need of delicious food.  Their hours are unconventional, making it a great place for a late night snack.Every time I've gone they've run out of some ingredients, which is disappointing but indicates that they have delicious food.I would describe this place as a hole in the wall, hippie, gourmet nacho place.  Sounds strange, but you'll like it.
5	Nachobot WILL make you cool. "How cool?" you ask. Well, I just watched a guy walk in wearing bunched up khaki's and a ratty old t-shirt and right as I type this he is walking out with what looks to be low cut skinny jeans, a flashy button up shirt, and the brightest shoes on you could ever imagine. He's adorn with women carrying his order of nacho's drizzled in gooey home-made nacho cheese sauce, topped with slow cooked to perfection spicy colorado beef drowning in its own delicious red sauce, fresh chopped green onion, and loaded with jalapenos. Man... I wish I was that guy.You know what, sorry, false alarm, the first guy just waked out with his own order of nacho's dawned in caramelized mushrooms, perfectly roasted garlic, pico de gallo and more of that intense looking, home-made nacho cheese. I didn't know you could caramelize mushrooms by the way, but Nachobot seems to know how. I guess the guy wearing the skinny jeans was just in there ahead of khaki.The real truth behind elevating your cool status is just ending up here. The Roosevelt cool seems to permeate through this place and the rest of this little strip of downtown Phoenix these day's. That's a cold hard fact, cold and hard like ice, but not vanilla ice. Ok maybe vanilla ice back in 1991. Lets face it, he was the epitome of cool for at least a few months during 1990 or 91. Why else would you know who I'm talking about?Quoted in weekly yelp newsletter: 8-29-2012 http://www.yelp.com/weekly?edition_id=QCOinXdaM-UgFuTcHJfwNQ
4	A neon arrow with "Munchies" emblazoned within it guides you into an open door of half of an old house in a quaint neighborhood.  VERY simple interior, with not many if any real place to sit and eat.  But that changes regularly.  They obviously thrive on First and Third Fridays, where hundred of  people of all ages come together to enjoy art and community. Their menu is simple 4 to 5 different types of nachos are listed on a well worn chalkboard.  A plentiful pile of corn tortilla chips are placed in some environmentally friendly container. From there you pick your poison.  Before you get too excited for a particular option on the menu, ask if all options are available, as they either run out or just don't have all the toppings.  They will gladly accommodate your request for just about any combination of the toppings they offer piled on the chips as long as they are not too busy. Their cheese is in sauce form.  Before you give me that face of mild disgust, hear me out.  The cheese sauce is a homemade creamy sauce not that bright yellow stuff you get at 2am at the gas station. The Colorado Nachos with red chile simmered beef over a mild mexican cheese sauce over a plentiful pile of chips is one of my favorites, surprisingly the Buffalo Chicken nachos with the bleu cheese cream sauce and the hot sauce basted pieces of chicken breast appealed to me more than I expected. I hate having to choose but for you vegetarians out there they offer an option with spinach, roasted garlic, mushrooms and other sauteed veggies.  Even non-vegetarians are known to really dig this one.  To this little box they add a small but generous serving cup of either red or green salsa, sometimes it is either one or the other, but either are fresh and homemade. Here is the part I find ingenious....one of those, "Why didn't I think of that", moments... CHOPSTICKS....you dig into your overloaded pile of nacho goodness with chopsticks. For those who can't use them you are soooo missing out. Pick up a Mexian soda in a glass bottle and a dish of locally made ice cream to top off this culinary adventure.Nachobot sends you on your way with a little good fortune as well...a fortune cookie.  Now when you open it don't forget to add "..in bed" to the end. Otherwise what is the point.
5	NACHOBOT is FANTASTIC!  I could leave the review AT THAT, but I wont cause that's boring and unoriginal which is the opposite of this place.  Nachobot is a great concept that thrives on drunk bar hoppers and nacho fans of all shapes and sizes.  They have crazy nacho combinations that seem to run out quickly so don't get there at 3AM on a Friday (even though whatever is left will still be delicious, and if you don't like it walk a house over to Jobot and get your crepe on - ALSO AMAZING).  The owner of Nachobot is also the owner of Jobot SPOILER ALERT/SHOCKER, oops and they run their business very laid back and comfortable.  You feel like your actually inside someones home, which in reality you are cause these buildings are homes converted to restaurants and bars but you get my point.  Either way get over there when your downtown for an incredibly delicious experience complete with chopsticks (so you dont get yourself too messy, no joke interesting concept and it works) DO IT #Bacardiandcoke #startskyandhutchjoke
2	Ok, so the first time I went to Nachobot I was blown away. First they were open at 3am, second they sell nachos. Not just regular nachos but bomb ass nachos. You can imagine much to my surprise, that when i went there a 2nd time they were not selling nachos. I thought i was the victim of a cruel joke, but nope they didnt have nachos on the menu. So I left with a sad face, and cried myself to sleep
2	Nachobot no longer serves Nachos.  They have a re vamped menu and a new chef guiding the fare.  Not sure if it is any good, I was in the mood for Nachos.Their Nachos were creative and flat out great.I'll not drop to 1 star, but they don't serve Nachos any longer.The Nacho's almost all night was a great concept.We'll watch this space for developing news.
4	This was a nice place to go and have some different types of food on a busy first friday.  Haven't had to much experience with the food but it certainly had some interesting flavors.  The setting was fun as well.  I thought my blue corn enchiladas were flavorful as were the accompanying greens and beans.    The food and setting was good enough  for the fourth star.  A perfect first friday type of place to go.  If you enjoy it,  it's open other days of the week, too.
3	The Munchies sign is still there but the menu is completely revamped...Last time I was in there the chalk board says ResBot and offers Native/New Mexican/Mexican type foods that would often be found on a trip to the Native Reservation.  Items such as fry bread and Indian tacos, enchiladas and more have replaced the simple yet unique list of Nacho combinations that were once there.Go in with an open mind.The ventilation is poor and you will come out smelling like fry bread.   I do miss the Nacho concept that was once Nachobot.
4	Don't be nervous when you feel like you're walking into someone's janky apartment.  You're not.  This place has got tasty nachos that you can eat with chop sticks (this allows me to feel very cultured...except, I usually just use my fingers because I'm not that proficient with the sticks).  I recommend their nachos with the chorizo.  Great late night snack.  Just a heads up, not sure how long it's going to last for (hopefully not forever!!) but the last few times I stopped in they've been calling themselves Rezbots (yes, like a Native American Reservation).  Don't get me wrong, the fry bread is delicious.  But, when you're going for nachos, fry bread is a mean trick and then you just end up asking someone to drive you to the closest Julioberto's...be warned. (try and be in the mood for both fry bread and nachos.  Win-win)
3	"Rezbot" (No nachos)Translation: We all know what you came here for, but try this instead!Okay, so this is a gourmet fry bread place rather than a gourmet nacho place now. There were a couple of options for burgers, vegan burgers, and "navajo tacos", which is basically just more fry bread but loaded. I was trying really hard not to be disappointed, and having really really good bread with some green chile helped with that. But why oh why is the menu so sparse? Where are my nifty options, the eclectic options that make this part of town so unique? It's some of the best fry bread I've had, but no way does that earn high marks when this old house is capable of doing so much more. Someone please tell me this place is getting more options, or that the menu/theme rotates.
4	Deeelicious nachos!!! But their pricey
2	I agree with all of the recent reviews. Nachobot was awesome, amazing even! Rezbot, nothing special at all. Bring back Nachobot please!
4	The Phoenix New Times winner of "Best After Hours Feast" last year, Navajo chef Renatto-Mario Etsitty landed in this location months ago, renamed it RezBot and launched his own particular fusion of Native American and contemporary suburban neo-mexican culinary taste.My favorite offering is red bell pepper soup served with fry bread, second favorite is the blue corn chilaquiles, third the braised lamb shank stew. I stopped in last night to give Mario a slice of home made pecan pie I stole from an event at Parazol and found out he has a new lamb loin dish - yum!His Aqua Fresca is to die for.He also has quesadilla and burgers made from halal meat for those needing a Taco Bell or burger joint fix ... BTW he's getting real tired of people wandering in thinking this is an Indian restaurant expecting to see curries and tandoori dishes ...
1	I just can't even believe you took a perfectly respectable concept like gourmet nachos and threw it all away.  What did a nacho ever do to you?  Will I come back here?  Bring back the melted cheese goodness and then maybe.  Who wants a late night bowl o soup?  Tsk tsk.
1	Went here the other night with some girl friends after having some dranks. The fry bread was so salty. Both the sweet and savory. I thought I was getting a "Navajo taco" with green chilis and what I got was a gross burger patty with fry bread as a bun. When I've gone to kayenta, or other towns on reservations, when I would get a Navajo taco it was fry bread with delicious chili, cheese, lettuce tomato onion and Greene chili. This was just grooss. Bring back the nachos.
2	To quote epic movie Gladiator....Proximo: "I wasn't the best because I killed quickly. I was the best because the crowd loved me. Win the crowd and you'll win your freedom."Maximus: "I will win the crowd. I will give them something they have never seen before... LATE NIGHT NACHOS!"And the crowd yelled, in unison: "Bring Back Nachos! Bring Back Nachos!Bring Back Nachos!"Fin.
1	Terrible service.  You need to stand right in front of the chef otherwise he will make everyone else's food before yours.
