5	Love this location! Way better than the Scottsdale Fashion Square one! Everyone is so nice and aren't rude like the other location! Super nice store! Brand new and HUGE! Everything is so nice here, there is a pretty good sale section and a huge section for apartment and miscellaneous items! The dressing rooms are huge too! Overall I love this location and definitely will be coming here for now on instead of the other location!
2	Great deals at anniversary, rude employees
3	I honestly believe this is the first time I have ever stepped inside an Urban Outfitters and it will probably be my last. It seems like a decent store but it really isn't my style. Plus, I'm no longer in my teens or early twenties - so not my demographic either. The only reason I stopped in was because I was in the area and I needed a birthday present for a male friend. I knew Urban Outfitters had not only clothing but had other random gifts and I thought I'd give it a try. After wandering through the clothing, I found the "gifts" section. There were plenty of mustached emblazed gifts from flasks to mugs to beer cozies. Mainly, they had drinking accessories which was a good thing because the friend I was shopping for loves to drink. I found some whiskey stones - stones you place in the freezer for use in your whiskey so the whiskey doesn't become diluted with ice. This was the perfect gift because my friend is a whiskey enthusiast. (I later found out I could purchase the same gift online for cheaper but oh well.)I grabbed my gift and made my way to the cashier. There were quite a few other patrons in the store but there was no one in line to check-out. There was one lonely employee who helped me check out and I was on my way.Overall, it's a nice, large store with plenty of space for both merchandise and movement. There is barely any parking outside, so it's best to park in the parking garage and walk over. It's next to a few restaurants and other shopping, so not a bad location either. I believe it is the only Urban Outfitters in Scottsdale, so if that is your thing, definitely check it out.
