5	Fantastically designed and curated store for all your vintage needs in Montreal. Prices that really don't even belong on that street. Super affordable, impeccable selection!
5	What a great edition to the growing number of vintage shops in Mile End! As a vintage connoisseur, I was pleased to see just how much care Citizen vintage puts in to selecting and presenting their wares. The staff are friendly, the prices are more than reasonable and the styles are always a cut above what you find in other places. Will definitely be shopping there again!
4	Super cute spacious shop in a great location right next to Sparrow (which makes for a lovely brunch and shopping outing, or a shopping and drinks outing. Or both! Big day!) Zero stress staff, cute quirky styles, looked to be mostly 80s and 90s garments in good shape priced around 20$-60$ but I think the fab ladies who own this place have some other tricks up their sleeves for future seasons (and by tricks I mean bags of clothes). Notable: rows of great shoes, and a sizeable men's section.
4	My first few days in Montreal left me disillusioned by the many many thrift shops all around. I wanted to find a place with great picks and reasonable prices. Citizen Vintage fits this void as looking through stock, I could tell each piece was different and unique. There wasn't a clutter of random pieces. There was a consistent feel of comfortable, chic pieces at decent prices.
4	Everyone likes a good vintage store. It's like having a personal shopper bring the best digging to one place and pre-cleaning the goodies. The comparison is especially accurate in the case of Citizen Vintage. The three girls who own it started channeling their vintage love by doing popup shops in various locations. They hand pick and steam everything themselves. In this high-volume-vintage-demand age, it is a relief.They have certainly picked the ultimate location in this case, a wide and widely lit ex-antique furniture store, now showcasing colourful and quality embellishments for both men and women. It has adopted the hang-by-colour type of display design that a lot of stores seem to cherish these days and which is very pleasing to the eye. The shoe bazaar is magnifique, especially the leopard creepers from Hush Puppy featured on their blog.A funny detail and a blink to store design: the school lockers where some miscellaneous olympics garments hang effortlessly... this is exactly what you want your vintage look to achieve.
4	Let's be honest... I hate sorting through crap at vintage shops. Citizen Vintage is curated. The owner has a point of view and picks the clothes accordingly. THANK YOU. And so, you can definitely expect to find something cool. Less of a hunt. Some pieces are modified as well and there are a few products from local designers. A+.4 because it can be a bit pricey for what you are buying. It is second hand, not true vintage, after all.
