3	I've been taking my dogs here for checkups for a few years now and the staff is always pleasant and friendly.  We usually don't have to wait long which is nice considering they take walk ins.  When my dog decided to relieve himself in the exam room, they didn't even blink an eye and rushed in with cleaners to tidy up and were laughing and teasing my dog about it.  I did take my dogs to the groomers (in the same office) once for a nail trim ($5 cheaper than having the vet do it).  The dogs are groomed in a big room which also houses the dogs that are waiting in kennels or have been washed (and are being dried with one of those big noisy dryers that hooks to the cage).  I thought my poor puppy was going to have a cardiac arrest when we went in there, as if getting his nails trimmed doesn't stress him out enough.  The groomer was way too rough with him.  Wouldn't recommend visiting the groomer but the vet is a-okay in my book.
1	*Terrible customer service and refused to provide prescribed medication from another VCA Veterinarian*   Even though we live in Henderson, we have been seeing Dr. Mark Iodence at The VCA Haulapai in North Las Vegas for well over 10 years now.  Three weeks ago, I took my 3 dogs in to Dr. Mark for a check-up and to get caught up on their shots.  Last week, we decided that we were going to head for the mountains in California and wanted to get heartworm medication for their protection.  We called VCA Black Mountain to see if they could fill the prescription and save us a trip out to North Las Vegas.  Because they haven't examined the dogs, they stated that they would have to re-examine (+$) before they would do it.  I couldn't see wasting the money for another exam plus pay for the heartworm test and medication.  Therefore, we ran to VCA Haulapai this Saturday to get the heartworm test performed.  Unfortunately, they can't prescribe the medication without the test results, which wouldn't be ready until this Monday.  I asked the team at VCA Haulapai if they could call down to VCA Black Mountain and confirm that they would be able to fax the test results down to them, so that I could pick up the prescription and save the trip to North Las Vegas.  They did and confirmed that we would be able to.On Monday, I received a phone message from Dee Dee stating that since they haven't seen our dogs in over a year, they would not be able to fill the prescription.  I truly believed that she was just misinformed and was not aware of the arrangement that was made on Saturday by VCA Haulapai.  On Tuesday morning, I arrived at VCA Black Mountain to get the prescription.  Dee Dee again stated what she said on the voice mail.  I explained that VCA Haulapai had made arrangements on Saturday to fax the results to them, so that I could pick up the prescription and she still insisted they would not fill the prescription.  I brought up the fact that the prescription was with another VCA vet, and she stated, "We are not affiliated with any other VCA vets."  What?!?!  While I was in the office, I called VCA Haulapai and asked the receptionist who I spoke to on Saturday to explain the arrangement that was made to Dee Dee.   Dee Dee explained to VCA Haulapai that Dr. Augenstein was on another line and on hold with them and handed the phone back to me.  As she left, I overheard a female voice in the back office state that, "We're a vet, not a pharmacy!"  After several minutes, Dee Dee came back out and explained that the doctor had refused to fill the prescription and suggested I do mail order.   Since we are leaving in two days, this was very helpful information.  VCA Black Mountain and Dr. Augenstein, Thank you for confirming our decision to take our business elsewhere and I assure you that you will not have to worry about seeing our 3 dogs ever again.  I am appalled that you would choose not to help another VCA affiliate, as well as deny that there is even an affiliation with any other VCA vets.  This definitely goes against what is on your own website, in which it even states that, "Together, the entire VCA Family -- from the front desks of our hospitals to our highly-trained specialists -- works with one goal in mind: to improve veterinary medicine for every pet. Especially yours."   Wow!  Way to be a part of the VCA family VCA Black Mountain!If you live in the Vegas area and are looking for the best vet, please see VCA Haulapai and Dr. Mark Iodence.  Everyone, from the front desk assistants to Dr. Mark know what real, professional, and consistent customer service is.  They are worth the extra drive!
2	I took my 2 dogs here for almost 4 years when I lived in Las Vegas. Generally speaking, I loved the vets and I think they do a good job with their prices being pretty decent and much cheaper than what I currently pay here in NC. I seemed to recall their dental work (cleaning, etc) never ran more than $250 including the blood work up. Mind you, the last time we saw them was over a year ago in early 2009. However, the most annoying process of the whole experience is their check-in/out procedure - you sign in on a sheet and you have to wait until they call your name even if you have an appt! I think I've wasted many hours sitting in the lobby waiting to be called. I understand there are emergencies and I also understand that I seem to catch them prolly at their busiest time of the day, but seriously....they either need to hire better staff or they need to refine their check-in/out process esp. b/c I don't know why I even bother setting up an appt. Calling in is a nightmare too and I've been put on hold so many times it's crazy - I've even had them hang up on me!One instance comes to mind, when my smallest dog had to be hospitalized for eating a 65% cacao chocolate bar, one of the lab techs (Wesley?) was terrible. I came in to pick up Boo and apparently they had messed/mixed up the charts. Basically,I had to wait over an hour to just pick up a discharged pet while they sorted out this mess - without poor Boo who could hear me and was whining the whole hour! This guy had the worst attitude - almost as if he didn't want to be there much less interact with you. No apologies were really given either. When I finally received boo, he had a bloody nose - no doubt from trying to nudge his way out of the cage the whole time. Totally unacceptable!Seriously, you begin to feel like a second rate citizen when you enter the door. I still think they're vet services are fine, but in comparison to my current vet...well, there is no comparison. Sorry, 3.5 stars for the vets and 1 star for the service/check-in/out - 2.5 stars overall. And I round DOWN.
3	I can't recall ever taking my childhood pets to the vet so this is a new experience for me.  Vets: I have encountered four Dr. St. John, Dr. Randy, Dr. Robert, and someone else.  Dr. Robert was very nice and he took care of my Kylie when she was spayed.  I think he did a great job.  I believe he took over for Dr. St. John who did Kylie's intake.  She had previously been bitten by the dog before us.  She was great and gave us, I believe, the same amount of attention even though she still had blood coming from her bite.  Probably not the most hygenic, but still, I appreciate the effort!Dr. Randy, I had an issue with him.  I'm sure he was well meaning, however when he gave Kylie her third set of shots, she yelped like crazy (no pun intended) and he scratched the injection site because he thought she was itching, and then she went crazier! Stressful for everyone involved =/Staff: The staff is pretty good here.  Our first dog came out of grooming and peed from the excitement.  They were on it like white on rice. One thing that I was a little frustrated about is that I called to board my dog for the day and still needed to wait to be seen by the vet.  I suppose it would have been okay had I not been already late for class.  The second day I boarded her (a week later) they couldn't find Kylie's chart which again, stressed me out because I had a class to get to.Boarding: I'm a little unsure about.  I didn't get a chance to see what that part of the facilities looked like or where exactly they were walking my dog.  When I came to pick her up they were unsure about the last time she was walked.  When we got home, my dog peed right away like she hadn't gone in forever (this was 2 hours after they said she had gone out) and my dog was pulling to poo as well.  I don't know how long they give the dog time to pee and poo or what but it was very frustrating to know that my dog probably didn't poo all day.
5	I have a few dogs, I know this place well.  My weiner dog Cooper was attacked by a bigger dog and almost killed. He diddn't walk for a couple of weeks.  He stayed with the staff for almost 2 weeks, one weekend Dr Fuentez took him home to try swimming.  It worked Cooper is hopping and running today 2 years later.  Dr Augenstein and Winn have been there for years and are supper cool. Front Desk staff are always working hard to keep things going smooth.  I don't want to leave out Dr Bennet or St John very good too.  Thanks to the whole staff.
5	Great staff here and we always get right in and out
5	The staff was super friendly and we loved our vet!! We have an American Bulldog who has had allergies, ear infections, and skin problems since she was a pup. We've been in and out of vets and no one could ever solve the problem... the vet we had took about a 1/2 an hour to talk with us and find a solution (not the usual experience at other vets) and she had extensive training in dermatology for dogs. We will be back and our dog is very happy, thanks to VCA!
4	This is the only vet I have taken my dog to so I really have nothing to compare them to.  They have always been great with my dog and there has never been any problems.  This is a walk in clinic and I have never had to wait for more than 10 minutes.  I am confident in the doctors and the receptionists are always very polite and helpful.  Dr. Fuentes is the doctor I have seen the most and he seems like he knows what he's doing and that he cares about the animals.
5	Dr. Fuentes is so good with my dogs, he took his time with them, was not rushed at all. You can tell he really cares for the animals. The staff there was nice and anything I needed they got right on top of it. Dr. Fuentes answered all my questions. Can't say enough good things about Dr. Fuentes.
1	1 star is too many for the service received from Dee Dee here a few months back.  I'm a new yelper and the reviews I've written so far have been nothing but good reviews.  My girlfriend and I saved our pups from an animal shelter and were told by vca and the shelter that shots would be covered, but after bringing them in to get everything done they didn't inform us that it wouldn't be covered, but they failed to tell us until it was time to check out.  They charged for the shots and charged a patient fee for each.  The girl at the desk called dee dee over and she nodded her head and whispered to the girl that she needs to leave the charges on there.  We Paid the bill and left.  Will not return.  Reading some of the poor reviews on yelp it looks like she's got issues with customer service.  Wish I would have read the reviews before coming to this place.
1	After our elderly cat stopped eating and drinking water for a couple of days we took him to VCA.  Paid $230 for blood test and urine analysis, which after taking our cat to two other vets, it was a complete rip off!  That $230 included a "free" exam.  Oh, and they tried to bill us for the "free" exam and had them take it off our bill.The vet said they were going to call us the next day to inform us about our cat's blood and urine results.  Around noon the next day we didn't get a call so we called them.  The receptionist said the vet was busy and she will call us back in an hour.  THREE hours went by, so around 3:00pm we called AGAIN.  The receptionist said the vet will call us back at 5:00pm.  Well at 4:55pm, we still didn't get a call.  Third time's the charm right?  We finally were able to speak to the vet!If the above reasons haven't convinced you yet, keep reading...The vet's diagnosis was that our cat was being picky with his food and recommended that we experiment with different types of food.  No hydration shot or medication for our cat, just experiment with different types of food.  All that for $230!  After experimenting with various foods, our cat still wouldn't eat or drink and he only got worse.  We took him to Oasis for a second opinion and after conducting a ultrasound, the vet could see masses in our cat's stomach and pancreas.  We definitely wasn't expecting such heavy news.  What's worse is that VCA MISDIAGNOSED our elderly cat and only prolonged his suffering.  If we didn't get a second opinion, our cat would have probably died from liver disease.  Our experience at VCA is the epitome of veterinary malpractice; misdiagnosing and overcharging.
5	Shout out to this place and their staff.We adopted a puppy yesterday from there.They saved the whole litter of 5 from being euthanized in a California animal shelter. They vaccinated,  neutered,  and microchipped them and sold them for $40. The staff was very professional, personable, and really made us feel at home.We had the honor of making one of them a member of our family. This place will have our business for life.
1	Horrible experience with Dr Lisa (didn't catch her last name). I've used this vet before and I like Dr Winn. But I won't go back after the way I was just treated by a business that potentially would've received $500 or more from me.    Dee at the front desk has a terrible, unfriendly, unwelcoming attitude.  The vet wanted ME to decide on a course of treatment which made me feel like the reason I waited in the exam room for almost an hour was because she was Googling the condition on the internet based on what I told the young lady at check in!!   Ultimately, I didn't like the way she grabbed my docile, calm cat to begin the exam. Then when I (yes, ME) wasn't sure if the infection was bladder or uterine related she got very condescending and unprofessional. I put my cat back in her carrier, walked out and checked Yelp in the car for another vet and made an appointment elsewhere for later today. I wish Dr Winn would clean house. Jess, at the front desk, is a sweetheart. His business could be so much better without the dead weight.
5	I'm sorry for the others who had a bad experience.BUT I have to give credit where credit is deserved. HUGE shout out to DR Winn! He saved our Charlie years ago. We moved across town and over the years we lost our beloved pets from old age.I recently found a cat a couple days ago with a terrible broken leg and we brought her to see him. He is saving her life as we speak and we will be keeping her!! He is a true professional and in this business to save lives!!!This man is going above and beyond to help her and we will always return no matter how far the drive is!!Thank you DR Winn from the bottom of our hearts!!! We you!!!!
5	I finally found a good vet, yay! Needed meds and a surgery on my dog and they were able to do a payment plan. Thank you for the help!
5	I am so thankful for this place and Dr Noworyta.  My poor puppy spent a couple days there recently and her and the staff were amazing. She did an excellent job of keeping us informed and up to date with any progress or development. She did a good job of explaining medically each procedure, the reason behind doing so and what the result would bring. Now thanks to her and the staff our puppy is sleeping in my arms this very second and i couldn't be happier. All of the vet techs were amazing too and gave him love while he was there overnight and I couldn't. Thank you so much black mountain vca. You saved the most important thing in my life.
