3	The idea is simple. You become a member for $59 a month and your membership fee entitles you to a one-hour massage or custom facial a month. If you need more beautifying beyond a facial or a massage in a month, then extra facials, massages or waxing services are discounted. All because you're a member!The spa is located in the new Dana Park shopping center in Mesa. But you have to look carefully for it because, nex t to the bigger stores that surround it, you're going to miss the place. The store front looks small, but there are a handful of treatment rooms in the back of the store/spa that might surprise you.I came to try their $39 special massage (for 1st time customers) and to see how their waxing services are (Dannielli, the Queen of Waxing was on holiday). So here are my thoughts: First on the waxing--my esthetician was very friendly and attentive, just like the rest of th staffers at fuchsia. I went in for a brow wax, basically just a "cleaning up." Being that it was my first time with her, I told her that I didn't want my brows too thin and too arched, and she understood. She did take the conservative route. She didn't seem to have waxed much and the I didn't think she was too detailed. When she gave me the mirror to inspect,  my brows seemed fine (girls, you know how the lighting goes in a treatment room---minimal). But when I got home, I HAD TO DO A LOT OF FINE TUNING. There were a lot of stray hairs and there was really no shape to it. Too bad!Now for the massage--I slightly injured my back and neck from doing I don't know what (old age, I'm afraid), so I explained to the therapist where the problem section was. She paid attention and dedicated most of the time working on the kinks on that slightly injured section. I also told her that I would love for her to play with my hair and massage my scalp for the last 5 minutes of the session, and she did...and I was in heaven! She applied a good amount of pressure on my back and legs. Kudos to her...Kelly!So for $59, sure I would become a member and get my monthly massage or a facial...but the waxing services, I think I'll stick to Suddenly Slimmer...The staff, BTW, is wonderful and courteous! So, if you like just simple massages and no-frills facials (they use eminence and Jan Marini products), this is the spa for you. Worth a look-see and the $39 special a try.
1	Everything at Fuchsia reminded me of my dream bedroom when I was 11; pick, tacky and frilly. I went there for facial and massage; hoping to find a new local place for regular primping.  The facial was quite good, and I was looking forward to my massage. Sadly, the massage was painful. I complained during and afterwards, and didn't feel the staff responded in an effective manner. Overall it was a poor experience, that I don't intend on repeating.I would never return; there are too many salons and day spas to consider even trying them again.
5	I have been a member now at Fuchsia for almost a year and LOVE it!  For only $59.00 I get a service each month and any additional service is discounted.  It's a great way to relax and take care of yourself at a decent price!The Staff is amazing and they have some fun items to look at in the front boutique...
5	I love this place! I've been a paying member for almost two years and they gals know how to take care of me. The best part about the membership? Your monthly treatments rollover, so if you're super busy and miss a month, no worries! You just get to do a whole spa day next month! Also, I really appreciate that you can choose your own music for your service, I love music and it's really cool that I can dictate how I want the mood to be set.I got sucked in by the sweet introductory offer ($49 for first service) and at the time that meant your first massage was $49 and then you could come back later and get your first facial at $49 as well. I'm not really a "girly-girl" so I started just going for the massages originally, I go gah-gah for a good massage. Anyhow, I like to switch up massage therapists until I find one I like, since everyone has their own technique. All the massages I've ever had there were great, so I end up picking my regular therapist just based on a personal connection we have when we talk about life, etc. They always ask if there's a particular issue you want them to work on, and continue to ask you about temperature, pressure, etc as your service continues. When you come in with a particular cramp or issue, they're very helpful and offer advice on how to not hurt yourself next time. I've gotten advice regarding posture at work (I work behind a computer all day), stretching techniques while at the gym and stress relief as well! I've also had the rock massage which is super awesome if you're just looking for a little R&R.So after a while I started thinking I should try this facial thing, since I had never had one before. I let my servicer know that it was my first time, and she did an absolutely AMAZING job at explaining the whole process as we did it, asking me about problem areas, teaching me how to take care of my skin, helping me pick out products, etc. She took all the fear and anxiety out of the new experience. It was such an amazing service that I am now a facial addict as well! Comment on other reviewers post: I'm not quite sure about what the one facial reviewer had to say about the extractions, every time I go they always do the same steps and extractions is always right after the steam treatment EVERY TIME (close to the beginning of the session). I've also had their pedicure, which is amazing as well, however I think the way they have the station set up in the walkway area is a little weird, they need more space in their building I think.Before and after my services I always look at the boutique they have up front, some of the clothes and things aren't my style, but there's been a time or two I've come home with some comfortable PJs or cute barrettes too! Sure it's REALLY pink up there, but it makes me feel like I'm pampering my feminine side that usually gets so mistreated during my daily life.I've really only had one bad experience in my entire two years of being a customer. Once, I needed to cancel my appointment, called the day ahead of time (as they request) to cancel, however they didn't seem to get the message, and called my phone to let me know that I missed my appointment. The woman who left me the message was kinda snotty and motherly, like "April, we're going to let this time slide, but next time we'll charge you for the service, you need to give us notice." But I'm really not going to complain, because there's definitely been a time or two that I've been late and they're totally cool about it!Anyhow, overall I think this place is amazing, and as far as discount spa services go, you really can't go wrong here, I love these gals and I hope they continue to expand their services, they're so awesome!
5	I visited Fuchsia for the first time on my birthday. My wonderful husband was good enough to send me to the spa for the entire day. Walking in I noticed it was upscale, classy and very clean. The staff was very nice and made us feel great the minute we walked in. They offered us citrus flavored water and I filled out the medical questions in the stylish lobby. The services are still a bit high in cost unless you sign up for the membership, but 100% worth it. I think the only thing I would change if it were my business if cheaper services so I could enjoy it more often on a Realtors budget. But if you like salon services such as customized facials, this is for sure the place to go! Fuchsia is located in Dana Park in Gilbert, and if you are looking for a new salon- this should be your first choice.
2	I have been to Fuchsia four times, all for facial treatments (no massage). The first time was a few years ago, and my treatment was pretty standard. I decided they were too far away from my home and left it at that.But recently I decided to try microdermo and did some research. Not only was Fuchsia's price one of the most reasonable in town, they used the diamond system, so I decided to return.First visit - HEAVY sell on the membership even before my treatment, which I understand and expect but it gets really old. My treatment goes well, although I am a little upset they do zero extractions during a microdermo facial, apparently. Heavy sell again on the membership again when I checkout. I opt to buy a special 3 treatments for $150 card. 15 minutes later I get a phone call asking if I can return to the store. They apparently gave me the wrong card. I tell them I am already two far away. I was slightly shocked they would ask me to return to correct their mistake. Oh well. Second visit - The air conditioner is not working. IN JULY. It's not horrible, but it is unpleasant enough that they opt to keep the door open while I get my treatment, which I find slightly strange and not very relaxing. I wish they had called me and asked to re-schedule. When I check out this time I receive the big sell on products. Again, I expect this, but it's still annoying. The products I am shown are very expensive ($65 mask, for example) and I politely decline. No samples are offered. I leave feeling and looking like I have a sunburn and still look that way the next day. I figure it must be working and this is normal. Third visit - Explain the sunburn feeling from the second visit and am told this is normal because they have "gone up" on my microdermo handle/wand/tool thing. At checkout another sell on the membership because now I am out of treatments on the card I had purchased. I tell them I will think about. I then got a sell on product, but this time they offered samples. I happily take my product sample and the membership brochure and am on my merry way. However, now I am worried that my treatment was either bad the 1st and 3rd time, or bad the 2nd time, because I do not feel or look sunburned. So which time(s) did I get ripped off?The front office ladies (possibly also the owners?) are very friendly and nice and seem to know members names, etc. However, they are always a bit disorganized (making appointments over the phone is always a little taxing) and heavy on sell of memberships, extra treatments, products, sparkly things they sell in the store. And frankly, I don't blame them. They want to make money! Bottom line - I don't think my treatments were consistent and they are too far away from me, so I am not sure I will return. If you are interested in a membership (at least 12 months) and you find a good person there who you can trust, it's probably a great deal. I, however, will probably continue my search.
4	I went to this spa with my boyfriend for a pair of massages and it was actually my first time getting a professional massage. I had called the spa just a week before and was easily able to find an appointment slot to accommodate the two of us at the same time. When we got to the spa that afternoon, we were pleasantly greeted at the door and they took our names. We then had a few page questionnaire to fill out about what types of things were preferred in a massage (i.e. like having your head or feet rubbed, or music you preferred to be playing). They are reasonably priced (seems to be pretty equal with the large massage chain in the valley) and the staff were wonderful. If I were to get another massage, I would definitely go back to Fuschia.
4	I saw an advertisement for Fuchsia on ABC 15 about a new manicure , Shellac, on special for $20. It sounded cool, so I booked the appointment. Then I went to their website and saw their prices on facials and waxing and called back to book a facial and a wax. Before starting this review, I perused the reviews below. My guess is that the owners are monitoring this site and making changes as needed. My facial was wonderful and certainly included extractions. Quite frankly, I don't want an extraction that could draw blood from a day spa. If I need such an extraction, I'd rather go to a dermatologist. The waxing worked out very well. I did a bikini wax. They use an organic wax that doesn't tend to stick to the skin; only to the hair. It was far less painful than other waxing experiences I have had. Now to see how long it lasts. Quite frankly, I had that done at 11 this morning and I had almost forgotten about it until I wrote this review. My previous waxing experiences caused so much irritation that I almost had to shower right away. The nail experience was another story for me, but the nail tech and the owner were very pleasant dealing with this unforeseen problem. Apparently, this new "Shellac" polish kind of shrinks after it's applied. The gal (sorry, her name escapes me right now) applied the color all the way to my very dry cuticle, but as the layers progressed and the color dried, it shrunk. By the time she was finished, it looked like a good manicure does after about 4 days on me. They refunded my money for the manicure and just took the Shellac off. All in all, I think the Salon is a good concept and it appears as if they're making a good go of it. I was in the store around lunch and they were busy, so enough people have had good experiences that word is spreading. I did sign up for the $59 a month contract and am already looking forward to my next facial with Kasey. She did a great job!
5	This is one of my favorite little spas in the Valley.  I'm in love with their marketing (pink and brown color scheme), but more importantly, they do a great job on a variety of services.  I have been going there consistently for the past year for my brazilian waxes and have always walked away happy.  I've also had a massage and pedicure there, both were great. One cool thing they do for their massage is you can pick your "playlist" so if you don't want to hear the same 'ol Enya-type music, you can pick Billy Joel, Country, etc.  Super fun idea!If you're a spa person, I'd highly recommend checking this place out.  Also, get on their e-mail list or follow them on Twitter b/c they have some great deals.  This whole summer they ran a deal for $39 Brazilian waxes...awesome deal!  Lastly - sometimes you walk into these spa places and you get a snobby vibe...at Fuschia they're always nice and friendly.
5	I just moved to Arizona from Southern California in March of 2010. I've had a SpaFinder gift card burning a hole in my pocket since Christmas. I've used Yelp to find my hair salon and nail salon, so naturally, I'd use Yelp to find my massage salon. I decided to give Fuchsia a try since the prices were reasonable and the website and services showed the salon is very customer-friendly.I called on a Friday night for a Saturday massage and they were able to get me in! The staff were super friendly and welcoming. One receptionist and I even compared manicures. I got to pick the type of music I wanted to hear and the type of aromatherapy fragrance to smell during the massage.  Jessica did my massage and did a great job. She concentrated on my shoulders per my request due to work-related tension.The staff did push the membership but Jessica also let me know there is a six month membership as well as a full-year membership. Overall I had a great experience. I used my SpaFinder gift card and since there is some money left on it, my boyfriend and I can each get our next massage for $49 each instead of $75 each! They don't have a room big enough for couples massages but advised they could arrange for our massages to happen at the same time!  Very accommodating!Can't wait to return!
4	I moved to Arizona in November 2009 and missed all the spa services I was getting in northern California. I scheduled a massage and a brazilian wax during a spa day with my sister and her best friend. The first time massage for a non-member is $49 and the summer special for a brazilian wax is $39 so it's easy to maintain it during the hot months.I highly recommend Andrea for the massage. She intuitively applied the right amount of pressure and doesn't make you feel like she's rushing through the massage. Maya is very professional and personable,   I felt comfortable talking with her during the waxing service. She is also very thorough asking you to check if she missed any spots so you get a chance to check everything out before you leave. I never get home to discover any spots need more attention because it's all done at the spa. They also send you home with a packet of Finipil which slows hair regrowth and is antibacterial, it also has a 'cooling' feeling. Love the ladies at Fuchsia, if you get a Shellac mani/pedi ask for Jenna. The extra cost for Shellac gel polish is completely worth it. I had my nails painted with the Shellac polish for my friend's wedding and being a bridesmaid, we of course had a couple hundred favors to make, plus put labels on water bottles. A regular mani would have been destroyed but my nails looked as if they had been polished that morning. We were also on the beach and my shellac pedi managed to survive the sand, plus hours of dancing without showing any wear. I found I could go longer with the Negligee color because it's a nude shade but pushing it by going 2.5 weeks with the Fedora (dark purple) or the red colors. This is only because you see my nails growing, not because the gel color is chipping. I'm very impressed, I've gone to a different spot to try to save money but the gel polish at the OTHER place chipped after a weekend in Vegas.
5	When I moved to the valley in January 2009 I had never ever had a facial. Obviously I'm hooked since I practically live at this place. I've had at least a facial a month since then and I can honestly say my skin is fabulous. They offer a wonderful membership service that is totally affordable and allows me to have a spamazing service once a month. It makes pampering myself really convenient. They offer great  member discounts on services and the products they sell. But trust me, even if you aren't a member, this place won't break the bank...especially if you take advantage of the awesome deals they've always got going on! The Fuchsia staff is beyond amazing and I can't help but feel like they are my Arizona family. They are always helpful, kind, and incredibly easy going. The snotty Scottsdale attitude is so far away from here that you'll actually be able to relax. They make scheduling super easy, and for a workaholic such as myself that's kind of important.I do EVERYTHING here. They offer Shellac manicures and pedicures and I am so in love with this long lasting nail polish that every two weeks I'm trying out a new color. If you haven't tried it yet I highly recommend checking it out. The facials are amazing. I am always so relaxed and leave feeling like a pretty pretty princess. All of the spa ladies are simply fabulous, but Liz has magic fingers and gives the most amazing scalp massage ever. She left me feeling so damn good that the whole drive home I was wondering if a guy would ever be able to take me to this same pleasure town. Seriously ladies, if your man is a little lack luster lately, cheat on him with Liz. I just had my very first brazilian with Kasey and she was super professional and quick. I'm not going to lie and say it didn't hurt...but the smoothness is mind blowing. I've had body wraps, microderm, massages, and chemical peels here and I really wouldn't dream of going anywhere else. This is a great place to go with girlfriends (the pedicure bar is so cute) or alone. If you have a busy schedule (such as myself) it's perfect. I've been there for the highest of highs and the lowest of lows (this is the first call i make when i'm going through a break up) and no matter what I always leave feeling like a million dollars. I really am Fuchsia's biggest fan.
4	Had an awesome experience at Fuchsia this weekend for my first-ever facial! *I chose Fuchsia because of the reviews I read on Yelp, and they didn't steer me wrong!They have a $49 (1st time only) offer for either a facial or massage, OR $90 for both. I bought 2 1st-time facials, for me & my bf's mom for her birthday. We were able to schedule them at the same time within a week and a half of purchase too.When I went in to purchase the gift cards, I was excited immediately because it's really cute when you walk in. They sell a variety of boutique-y items in the lobby, purses, clothes, jewelry, etc.You can also see the pedicure stations, which I would love to go back for sometime. They do the newer shellac manicures too.I had my facial with Holly, and she rocked. I am definitely requesting her next time! She made me feel completely comfortable and was very open about answering my questions throughout the session. Some people might prefer to relax quietly; I enjoyed chatting with her (but also got the feeling that she would have been respectfully quiet if I had been also).We were offered water while we signed in, and got our choice of music during the facial. It was an amazing, relaxing time and I can't wait to do it again!
2	Picture it ladies. You have a date the next day and realize you're in desperate need of an eyebrow wax. Unfortunately you have a meeting on the other end of the valley that goes way past spa closing time. In a desperate rush you are searching yelp, trying to find places that have walk-ins available. After two failed attempts, you are running out of time and losing hope. Then you see it. Fuchsia. And it's all pink. You feel like you've possibly discovered the holy effing grail of spas. Then it ends.While the waxing was done well and the price was reasonable and about the same as what I pay at my regular joint, the staff made it uncomfortable. There was really no place to sit and wait.. well there was, but it was hidden and I wasn't informed of it, while my room was being prepared. The wax started out fantastic with the typical awkward chat.. but then it got weird. A huge sales pitch started telling me how I needed all these other services done and made me feel like I would regret it if I didn't. It reminded me of the times I went to the dentist as a child and was told how horrible my teeth were even though they were perfect. I walked out completely weirded out and in a foul mood. Sad face.
5	I have been going here for about a year to get facials. I joined the membership club for $59 a month to get my skin in shape for my wedding. I love my facialist Holly! She is great and very personable. Its a fun experience. This is the first time I have every committed to a spa to get facials. The people are nice and its a very girly atmosphere which I like.  Thanks Fuschia for the great experience! And my skin is looking alot better. Thanks Holly!
5	Very fashionable interior!  Very comfortable!   This was my first pedicure and I wanted to go someplace where the employees spoke English as their first language.  Also someplace where snobbery didn't abound.  Fuchsia is all this and more.  Talented staff, excellent service.However... my pedicure was a gift and I don't know how much they charged.  Seems like it would be expensive.
5	This tiny pink gem is hidden but everyone should know! They rock my world. Gigi does SHELLAC nails that make you feel like a rock star for TWO SOLID WEEKS. I have never been able to have my own natural strong nails. Check out Gigi and all the ladies for relaxing affordable luxury!!!
5	From what I have noticed, the people that leave online reviews seem more likely to post something negative about their experience. Usually their complaints tend to come from having unrealistic expectations in relation to their budget, waiting until the very last minute for a service and expecting everybody else to accommodate their "emergency", or they just have a negative attitude in general and project that out toward the world (which brings all sorts of issues their way). At least that's what the subtext suggests after reading some of the negative reviews online. I have been around long enough to see how rude some people can be towards store employees. I just imagine these angry shoppers primed and fired-up to slam these stores online because they feel like they were treated poorly, when in reality it is all on them and their behavior. So I always take negative reviews with a grain of salt. I think it takes a lot more for somebody to write a positive review, so I pay more attention to those.That said, I would like to leave an A+ review for Fuchsia. My wife has enjoyed their spa for a few years now and have always had a great experience. On occasion, I have even got a few massages, which were superb. Recently, I turned to Fuchsia for a few of my wife's Christmas presents and was not let down. A young woman named Lisa (she may have been the owner) helped me find the perfect gifts for my wife. She was super nice and very helpful; as was the entire staff. Needless to say, the gifts were a big hit at Christmas. My wife got really excited to see the brown and fuchsia Fuchsia bag. It is weird to think a local business played a part in our family Christmas, but Fuchsia did. We will continue go to Fuchsia. Also, Fuchsia is a local business. When given the choice, I will always support local small businesses over the large cookie-cutter chains. Fuchsia continues to impress us and we will continue to take advantage of their services and products. If you are looking to try something different and unique, give Fuchsia a try. You will love this place!
3	Since my review, I have been to another place for the second pedicure in my whole life.  I have to say, it was much more comfortable and relaxing than Fuchsia, so I'm downgrading my rating as I experience the competition.  Is that fair.  Yes.  Yes it is.The other place I went to had a little spa you soak your feet in while you are sitting in a message chair!  I didn't even know such thing existed.  The tech was not so hunched over and seemingly as uncomfortable.  Also, I didn't mention in my previous comment about the slippery, narrow, steep little step one has to climb up at Fuchsia.  I now realize that Fuchsia is a place where you can sit and chat during your pedicure in a more lively environment.  As opposed to a relaxed, calm, tranquil, Feng-shui environment with mood music.I think I'm turning into a pedicure snob.
3	I brought my daughter to Fuchsia over two years ago for a last minute facial.  I called lots of places on a Sunday morning, and this was the only place that could fit me in at the last minute.My daughter was having some breakouts, and I thought a facial would serve her well.  I immediately became a member because I thought the $59 membership would "force" me to get out and do something for myself.  (Although I have not been a stay at home mom for 9 years, I am still accustomed to not spending much money on myself.)My daughter's face cleared up quickly.  I followed up with some express facials, but eventually I signed her up for monthly facials as well because her skin only stayed clear with consistent facials.  I currently have both daughters (14 and 16) getting monthly facials.  The place is clean and very welcoming.  I never had regular facials before coming to Fuchsia.  I had one facial at Dolce salon.  It was nice, but I thought the people were snotty.I later had a second facial and massage at JC Penny salon.  It was also nice.  However, when I went back for my second appointment, I waited for 20 minutes before leaving.So mostly the facials I have had have been at Fuchsia.  From what I remember of the other places, Fuchsia's prices were much better and the quality was better as well.  Never once did I feel pressured to get memberships for my daughters.  Most of the ladies there do not pressure you to buy products either.  Some of the products are expensive, but Eminence products last a really long time and are worth it.  We started to get pedicures at Fuchsia to last year after my daughter got an infection in her toe after getting a pedicure at a "hole in the wall" place.  The cost for pedicures is a little more at Fuchsia, but the infection on my daughter's foot taught me to not be so cheap in that area.Fuchsia is a great place, and I am so happy with the service we've gotten.  They're flexible and are great when we have to make a change in appointments due to my daughter's busy school schedules.   My girls still have some breakouts at times, but regular facials and extractions have really helped their skin and confidence with their appearance.**After being a member for quite some time, we finally cancelled last summer when we had problems scheduling.  Once the receptionist scheduled us on the day of a big event and when we showed up the day before for facials, manicures, and pedicures, she told me that we were scheduled for the following day.  That happened twice.  Then they could not coordinate three of us together without one of us waiting, so it became a hassle with scheduling.
5	LOVE their new blow dry bar!! Very stylish and hip and loved the way they did my hair!!
4	A group of 5 of us recently went to Fuchsia for Massages, Mani's & Pedi's.  Fuchsia was great from the fairly last minute scheduling for 5 people, to the service we received while there, everyone was friendly and very helpful.  Also asking us if we needed anything, getting us water M&Ms, taking pictures of our group.  We are not from Arizona, so we didn't get any sales pitch for the monthly services.  We will definitely need to make this a new annual tradition to our spring training trip, and would go back to Fuchsia!
4	Never been waxed before, so this was a bit stressful, but my aesthetician was amazing.  Services are appropriately priced.  Just wish they were closer to Phoenix instead of Apache Junction.
2	I've been here several times, and I purchased a membership. I wish I hadn't. The facials are nice, but they really push for you to buy the products. I'm relaxed afterwards, I don't want to hear what I need to buy.  Just ask me if I'm interested in purchasing anything and leave it at that.I was there yesterday for a facial and a pedicure.  After my facial, they had me wait in the "Quiet Room."  Either they forgot about me or the woman who was supposed to do my pedicure was really late, but I had to go and let them know that I was waiting 10 minutes after my appointment was supposed to start.  Ok it happens, but the woman who was to give my pedicure was clearly in a bad mood.  She just looked at me, and said very defeatedly, "I'm running so late."  That was it!  Not hey thanks for waiting, or welcome, or hi how are you?  It really wasn't cool.  I don't think they told her I was waiting, so I kinda felt bad for her, but her energy was so negative that I just decided that I was over it.  It just really left a bad impression.  I'm going to cancel my membership as soon as possible!
4	I went here last weekend for the first time and received a facial and massage. The massage was great, as I explained to her that I had been in a car accident a couple weeks prior and had right muscles from whiplash. The facial was decent but I've had better. I felt that it was a little rushed and she definitely pushed their products which I don't like. I did get a membership to get a monthly massage. I haven't tried any of their other services to know if they are any good yet.My complaints: the music in the room is rather loud, which defeats the purpose of trying to relax in a tranquil room. I also didn't like how when rebooking they assumed I wanted to do both services against. I would have appreciated it if the Fri t desk actually asked me what service I wanted for the next month instead of assuming. However, overall so far so good.
5	Terrific staff and services! Spent 3 hours with 13 staff members and couldn't have asked for a better experience. Definitely impressed with the accommodations for a large party. We had 10 females am 3 males that had facials, massages and pedicures. Can't wait for opportunity to repeat. Channel was massage therapist and already scheduled to see again. Location is a lot larger than perceived. 6 massage rooms, 5 pedis, 5 manis, 6 facial rooms. If you haven't been here gotta give it a shot! Thx everyone!
5	Great one stop shop spa!  You can get everything done here!  I had the ultimate facial and it was very relaxing!
4	I had a massage and facial, both were great!
5	Internet review experience only I never went here.  I purchased a gift card on here for a family member.Based on the reviews and talking to friends and family this place is nice.  I just wanted to do something nice for their birthday.  I was told they had a grand reopen because they moved into different buildings.The website is nice and easy to use.  I was able to locate prices for services to help me find the right gift card.  I really like business that participate in PayPal.  I live in another state so I was able to have the gift card ship to them.This was a good experience for me.  It's also always good to have a good website for your business for certain circumstances like this one.  If I were really into the spa treatment experience I would defiantly check this place out.
5	The reviews are an injustice  for the service you receive!!!! I was visiting the area and wanted the experience of a full service spa and that is exactly what I experienced. Trying new spas can be intimidating but the lady's here were sooooo professional they took their time explained their services and made me feel right at home !!!! Whenever I'm in town this will def be my go to spot!!!! Adrienne rocked my mani and pedi and Shauna made me so comfortable!!! thanks to the entire staff!!!!!
5	Awesome! Visited for my 1st time today, had the most amazing facial and a good massage. Great location, friendly staff, clean facility and a delightful variety of services at reasonable prices. Considering a membership and would definitely recommend it!
5	I realize this spa is not for everyone, but personally, I enjoy the over-the-top girly vibe.  Pink, everywhere!  It has a very boutique-y, quirky feel to it, which I totally dig.  The staff is very helpful and friendly, and despite other reviews, I have never felt pressured to purchase products or a membership.  In fact, after my 2nd visit, I had to actually ask the receptionist for membership information since nobody made a point to up-sell.  I did end up joining since I usually do treat myself to at least one massage per month (working at a computer all day = lots of neck and shoulder strain).  The membership definitely saves me money, but every situation is different.  Do the math to figure out if it's worthwhile for you.  But member or not, I highly recommend Carrie if you're in the market for a relaxing and enjoyable massage.
5	Got a mani/pedi back in Feb 2013. By far, the best mani/pedi I have ever had. They catered to exactly what I needed. I wish I could hop in the car and drive to Mesa now for an appointment tomorrow. The place was also contemporary and very clean.
5	The staff are very courteous, friendly, and accomodating!! Great value and super experience at this spa! My best friend and I had manis, pedis, massages, and I got a facial. The price was amazingly inexpensive. I would totally recommend this business and I will be returning for future services.
5	Great massage by Collette. Obviously very experienced!  I think all the knots are out!
5	This spa is professional and great customer service.  I had my first facial and didn't know how relaxing it could be.  The are able to do everything needed in one stop.  Prices are great and lots of gift idea too.
5	I had  a perfect experience, I shared some concerns with them before I came and they definitely took great care of me. I will be back!
5	I love the facials and massages here... I became a member the first time i came... Do it! Totally worth it!
5	Michelle does the best facial ever. She really takes her time and if you have problem areas she lets you know what you can do to correct them and recommends the best products. She hands down is the best esthetician in AZ and this was the best facial that I have had
5	Without question, a facial here with Felicia is the BEST BEST BEST time and financial investment you can make in a day!  It's an hour of complete, total relaxation, calm, peacefulness, quiet, warmth, and your complexion will look better than EVER when you're done.  THIS IS SUCH A FANTASTIC THING TO DO FOR YOURSELF OR FOR SOMEONE YOU WANT TO PAMPER!!!!!
5	I love Fushia! I moved out of the area and badly missed Fushia so now I drive across town just to get facials from Felicia who is fabulous. She is so knowledgable and comforting when talking about skin conditions and she has greatly helped to improve my completion. I tried out a Fushia massage recently was in pure heaven. I decided to treat myself to a two hour message while they had amazing holiday deals going on for December. I had a message with Vicki. She provided the best message I ever had in my life. I was so relaxed I feel asleep, which I never do. Fushia offers great prices, their staff is always welcoming and not snotty like other salons can be. For me, Fushia is worth the drive any day!
