5	Steve runs his own business, and provides a wonderful personal level of service. The tour was on time, professionally conducted, informative, and fun.  Steve pointed out details about what to look for, history, geology, where to eat, etc. We were in Phoenix on business, had only one day available, and wanted to see the most of the Grand Canyon. We took the day tour which included a stop at Montezumas Castle. We saw a lot of different gorgeous views of the canyon with this tour and learned alot. Great value too. I will definitely book AZ Scenic Tours again.
5	Steve ran an excellent tour for us when we needed to do something for the day prior to an ASU football game in the evening.  Steve took us down the Apache trail ending up at Canyon Lake and lunching in Tortilla Flats.  Steve was very informative and provided a very comfortable, relaxing atmosphere.  He was on time and made sure we had everything we needed.  His love of the southwest was evident and infectious.  I really had no information about the area prior to coming down this weekend and now I feel like I have a much better understanding of the area...both geography and vegetation.  It's an amazing, beautiful part of the country.  Arizona was never a place I had particularly wanted to visit before this, but now I would love to come back to explore more of the lakes and hikes.  When I plan on coming back to the area, Steve will be my first call!!
5	If you want to see the Grand Canyon, you must do it with Arizona Scenic Tours.  We used them while visiting Phoenix and took the day trip with tour guide Mike.  It was a terrific time and Mike was extremely knowledgeable.  I don't think we would have gotten as much out of a visit to the park on our own.  Plus, Mike took us to some lesser popular lookout points that had some of the best views of the canyon. We took the tour that stopped at Montezuma Castle, too. What a really unique place.  The price for the tour was very reasonable and worth every penny.  What sold me on Arizona Scenic Tours was that they used regular minivans and there would not be a large group of people.  Plus, owner Steve responded to our request within minutes. The tour felt very personalized. Be sure to check their website.  They offer many kinds of tours and I'm told they are willing to customize them for your needs.
