3	Most people who like Vietnamese Pho noodles (sometimes referred to as Tonkinese in Montreal) like the Pho Bo noodles, which is Beef (Bo) noodles. By far the beef is the most popular, and has a lot of variations. But if you like Chicken noodle soup (who doesn't, especially with a cold?) then Pho Tay Ho is known in Montreal for the best Pho Ga (chicken). They don't use free range chicken like Pho Ga An Nam in San Jose, CA, but they make a good Pho Ga.
4	Of course I had to have my requisite international bowl of Pho. I tried the Pho Dac Biet, with good quality cuts of beef. The broth is reminiscent of Turtle Tower's in SF, light and homey. Noodles are the thick fresh rice noodles.Thai chilies are on each table, for a much needed kick.I also tried the Nem Chua Cuon, which is the sour pork spring roll. Very tasty dipped into the nuoc cham.
4	Base on what other customers ordered while I was there, it seems that Tay Ho is specialized in Pho Ga` (chicken noodle soup) and it was pretty darn good. The broth was flavorful and the chicken meat was pretty good, almost tasted like free range chicken.The good surprise for me was the Goi Ga` ( chicken salad). Unlike many places that mixed their Goi Ga with too much sugar and cabbage, Tay Ho mixed their Goi Ga just like the way people in VietNam normally do. A little onion, a little salt and peper, little sugar, a little lemon juice, peanut, and a decent amount of rau ram (which has a lemon and coriander-cilantro aroma). Their Goi Ga is something you gotta try if you visit this restaurant.Highly recommend this place for Pho Ga and Goi Ga.On the side note, this place does not have parking at all and it's a pain to find parking on the street.
3	I'm almost ashamed to admit that I recently sampled Pho for the first time. In my defense, the first Asian restaurant in the city I grew up in opened when I was eight, just shortly after the first McDonalds. Needless to say, my encounters with any Asian cuisine were limited until later in life. But living in Montreal for almost a decade, and doing my fair share of eating, you'd think that Pho and I would have met.When we arrived at Pho Tay Ho, there was a short but fast-moving line up at the door, and we were seated within minutes. The casual was bustling, but not too crowded. The menu is Vietnamese, primarily pho, and noodle and rice dishes. After briefly considering the beef tendon pho, which my good friend had been brave enough to try on her last visit, we settled on a beef pho with rare beef and beef flank. I was a was a little relieved that tendon had been avoided. The massive bowl was full of herbs, shallots, onion, broth, the two types of beef, and a ton of noodles. A tiny plate of additional bean sprouts and lemon was served on the side. The flank was sliced thicker than the rare beef, which was uncooked when the soup arrived but slowly browned in the hot broth. The verdict on pho: very positive.The second dish we ordered was the Bun Cha: A giant flat plate with separate heaps of food. A huge pile of mixed herbs dominated one side. On the other, a mass of vermicelli beside a bowl of grilled pork slices, ground pork, green onions, herbs, cucumber, and pickled carrots, all swimming in a brine-based liquid. Thankfully, my friend demonstrated how the noodles and leaves are to be introduced into the bowl itself, dampened, and then eaten along with the goods already in the bowl. This dish was excellent. The freshness of the herbs gave crunch and contrast to the moist meat and noodles. The pieces of grilled pork were awesomely tasty, and the small oblong-shaped servings of ground pork were the highlight of my meal.Pho Tay Ho is worth checking out. The portions are grandiose. Tea and almond cookies arrive at your table like little unexpected treats. Pho is my new friend.
4	Well this was a pleasant surprise!  After suffering through many truly awful versions of purportedly Vietnamese food in Toronto and (gasp!) Florida my expectations were pretty much subterranean.The specialty of the house is the Chicken Pho (Pho Ga) and it actually is pretty darn special here.  I had all but given up ordering the chicken variety in most places as I end up with bowls of bullion buffeted by blanched bleached bundles of chicken meat formerly known as dark. The broth here is, for lack of a more colorful descriptor - real.  The Goi Ga is also not to be missed - a cool salad that is superb for a summer day.  Or sometime in the endless winter when your just in denial.  Surprisingly, yet highly recommended.DEAR MONTREAL YELP FRIENDS -  There IS excellent Vietnamese in Toronto - you just need to Yelp a few to avoid the many, many, many potential pitfalls.
4	Very large portions, extremely reasonable prices. All is clean and fresh. Staff is kind of robotic but efficient. Interact accepted. Be warned: they close damn early at 9pm. Sharp!
5	Adorable, delicious, great value, friendly. Perfect date.
4	I rate Vietnamese restaurants mainly based on the pho.  The pho here is delicious except that the so-called "rare beef" isn't rare at all.
5	Ordered the special chicken noodle. What makes it special? The fact that the cow rolled over the chicken that crossed the road that ended up in my bowl of noodle soup. Slices of raw beef flank topped the bowl that featured pieces of chicken both large and small. To make this order of Pho Ga double special, was the fact that I got the one chicken gizzard, liver and heart. I know what you're thinking, "how can one bowl of noodle soup contain so much awesome without exploding singing hot soup all over your tshirt". Subsequent soup spatter did however end up on my shirt - that's only because I'm clumsy. The added offal added a rich and deeper flavour to the soup - it's not for everyone, just the ridiculously good-looking.Pho Tay Ho has been at this location for as long as I can remember, and as long as I can remember, the food has always tasted the same. Consistency doesn't seem to an issue for them as their formula for deliciousness cannot go wrong. Not only do they specialize in chicken pho, but subsequently all things chicken, various chicken dishes on the menu can be found. You can disagree, but like I said before, Pho is the ultimate blitz, there are so many variations that each place will surely be different from another and that's something I can guarantee. That's why you'd got to try them all before you find the one you like... like dating.
4	Whoa. This place is just...whoa. Firstly, the tables are really nice. They look like they are made of marble (Are they? I didn't bother checking. Someone find out for me please) and there is a terrace in the front AND at the back. What?? This is a Vietnamese restaurant? Usually the atmosphere is more low key, nothing extraordinary, and very simple. The service is good and one thing I should mention is the portion size of the food is quite unbelievably large for a Vietnamese place, especially the bun cha gio. My friend goes there often and she told me the portion sizes here are large, and boy she was not lying. The salad was good a chunk of the plate, the imperial rolls and vermicelli took up half of the plate and so on. I ordered a modest medium pho ga,..they gave me so much meat...I was very happy. The highlight of this restaurant, is that they have bo tai chanh which is Vietnamese beef carpaccio. This is rare because most Vietnamese restaurants do not offer this dish. Portion size, again, quite large and came with many shrimp chips and underneath big pieces of lettuce.This place is really quite something, maybe I'm overhyping it but anyways,  eat there. The end.
5	#38. Thats all I can say. Its big enough for two.
5	chicken and vegetable pho.  Pho sure. so fresh, so soothing and healing and healthy and salty and saucy and affordable.i've gone back for this over and over again.  I wish they delivered as I would be getting it on a weekly basis if that were the case.
4	decent food... fast delivery to your table.. if you like asian - go - u will enjoy it..
4	Came here with a friend for an excellent Vietnamese lunch!  First we ordered the organs (tendon, heart, liver ...I know some FrancoAnglo people will think gross but asians love it!!) in cilantro/onions.  Then I had a rare beef pho!  Amazing broth and very quick service and quality!  Washed it down with a vietnamese coffee!!  Awesome!  Gotta come here again!!!!
4	Great Pho place. The service was rude, but the food will have us coming back :)The rare beef+well done brisket was on e of the best I've tasted in Montreal.I also tried the meat and vegetable one and it was really  good; vegetables were nicely grilled while still crunchy :) yum.
4	With so many pretenders to the Tonkin soup throne in Montreal, every one has their favourite Pho place, right? Here's why this is yours. The breadth and depth of the stock is what sets Tay Ho apart. It's meaty and marrowy, with no trace of the false kick of MSG that so often mars that of other establishments. Served with a beautiful arrangement of thai basil, bean sprouts and lime wedges, you can season the basic meat, broth noodle combo to your taste. For grilled meat enthusiasts there is also a remarkable (and huge) pork bun dish, with the rare beef salad also a must.
4	We must be staying in a great neighborhood because everything we try is delicious.  The Pho Ga with vegetables is fresh, flavorful, and warm. The spring rolls were a perfect compliment to the Pho.  The service is very friendly and really fast.
5	My favorite vietnamese resto, not just a Pho place...I have been coming here for years. Back in the day, a bowl of Pho was around 5$, prices have gone up quite a bit since, but you can still get a good meal here with a drink for less than 20$ taxes and tips included, which is still a huge deal!!!The Pho really shine here, both the Chicken and Tai Nam variety. My tip for you is: ASK THEM TO PUT KAFIR LIME LEAVES IN YOUR PHO, no matter which option you pick. The lime leaves will bring out a new dimension to all the flavors... trust me just try it :) (I'm vietnamese and grew up eating this stuff). For me, this is the best Pho in town, it is consistently good. Pho is a very fussy thing to make well consistently, if you ever go to a pho place regularly you will notice sometimes the taste is off. For this place though when it's off it's still good, and when it's on, there's just no better.This place is famous for the Tay Ho special bbq dish,  (Bun cha Tay Ho), it comes with different types of grilled meats soaked in fish sauce, vermicelli and a heap of herbs, mix everything in a bowl and eat, the fun part is to mix different herbs each time, add some fish sauce and voila!!!Another signature dish is the "Cha ca" dish, it's grilled tumeric spiced fish on a hot plate, served with vermicelli and a heap of fried onions and dill. This one you eat with a shrimp paste sauce. The flavors in this dish is very pungent, definitely an acquired taste, be mindful if you want to try. But those who like shrimp paste, you will like this dish.Try also the iced coffee, viet style, yum.
5	This is one of the better Pho houses I've been to in Montreal.   Like my fellow yelpers said, the soup broth is full of flavor and the service is prompt and fast.    I've had the Bun which is like pho (soup) but without the broth inside.  You get fish sauce on the side to pour it in your bowl.   What more can I ask for?!  Be prepared to wait Sat and Sun (lunch) unless you go a bit early.   Enjoy!
4	I'd give this place 4 1/2.  I've been here twice now and have enjoyed their pho very much. Our cousin ordered a rice combo dish with beef and shrimp and it was gigantic! I think the price is reasonable for what you get. It's a shame the location is a bit out of our way, making it difficult to go more often. I have to remember to ask for the lime leaves next time as Khanh L suggested.
5	Wow... We've had alot of Pho in Toronto and my favourite is brisket because I love the softness and flavour of the marbling.  I ordered the flank here because as there was no brisket on the menu but I was not disappointed.  The flank was cut thick (unusual compared to Toronto)... But it was so soft and some fat was left on fir flavour.  It may have been the best Pho I have ever had...
4	This is a popular place in Rosemont. It's always full of people, and most of them are Vietnamese.I'm not a huge pho fan, so I didn't have it here. All the stuff I did have (noodles, rolls, etc) were good, made fresh, and served quickly.The venue itself is nothing special, but definitely not bad either. I would probably just get takeaway next time.
4	The pho here is exceptional, it is very different from other pho restaurants.The rice noodles are thinner and a little more elastic comparing to other places, they are not shy with the coriander leaves and spring onions in the bowl. Also, they are very generous with the thai basil and the bean sprout, I love it.The portions are huge, I had the medium bowl and it is comparable to the large size that other places serve. However, size doesn't mean anything, what makes their pho truly amazing is the broth, and it is by far the most refreshing broth I've ever had. I don't think they added anything else other than salt to that broth once it comes out of the big pot, and that's the way it should be. There is no artificial MSG taste like some of the pho restaurants in downtown.The place is packed during dinner time and I was quite amazed with how many tables they were able to fit inside the restaurant. The place is much bigger on the inside than it seems on the outside.The service was almost nonexistent, instead of having waiters take your orders you just write them down on a printed menu. They have all sorts of condiments and a whole plate of thai chilis, I'm assuming all this was to make it easier for the customers while not having too many waiters walking around in a confined space.I will definitely come back to try out other dishes, apparently their pho is just the tip of the iceberg.
5	Very Authentic Vietnamese!  This is how Pho should taste like.  Less MSG more Bone Marrow floating in your broth.  If you are deciding between a M/L/X... a medium should do for lunch, a large for dinner, and a X for a big guy like me.  =)I went with the usual Dac Biet Pho in an XL bowl.  I had trouble finishing it.  There isn't just shreds or cheap thin slices of beef, this is a legitimate proportional bowl of noodles.  X doesn't mean bigger bowl, more soup--- it means more of everything!  and gosh there was at pound of meat in my bowl (ok maybe half, but you get the gist).  It was all fresh quality ingredients and maybe one of the best pho I've had in North America.The spring rolls were ok.  The meatball was not as dense as I would have liked but the flavors were there.  I guess the Pho is what you need to lean on here.  I love it.
5	Great food, super fresh and brought out very fast even though the place was pretty filled.  Had the Bun Bo as the main meal and then fried ice cream for dessert and it was a great way to wrap up a delicious meal. Sooo much food for a great price ($29 total for 2 people and dessert)
5	I was out for a lovely drive and was in need for Vietnamese. Checked my Yelp app and noticed this place saved in my Bookmark selection. Walked in and about 30 patrons were inside. I was the only non-Asian in the place. Excellent. I'm at the right place for some quality Vietnamese.Walking in, the place looks somewhat simplistic with a terrace on both sides available if it weren't fall or winter. The ambiance was nice.I went with the Tay Ho 'Special BBQ' dish (Bun Cha Tay Ho) and it came back 10 minutes later. It was excellent. The soup was amazing, the meats hit the spot and the side order was mighty tasty. And the price tag was ridiculous for this kind of quality. I immediately felt jealous for people able to walk/order from this place on a daily basis.On my way out, I took some Vegetarian Pho home for the wife and even with the winter tip home, she has never had Pho this good.Would come back again... and again.
4	This is a pretty room, not fancy but bright without being fluo and comfortable and full of bowers of flowers that are probably fake but are white and pretty nevertheles. It's long and narrow with a big of outdoor seating in the summer months. The food is inexpensive and with super quick service and lots of delicious Vietnamese options on the menu beyond the usual Pho and mo' Pho. Not the best Vietnamese I've ever had but very fresh, authentic, and just as yummy as one might hope for. Brings back good memories of beautiful places and wise people who put days of love into a broth.
5	I love Tay Ho! This is by far the best place or the only place in montreal that offers Pho Ga, Long ga. No wonder they are always busy everyday! Their service is pretty fast too! The good side is you get to order by yourself. They give you the menu and a piece of paper where you can select what you want. Try their pho ga long ga, goi ga! Everything on the menu is delicious. This place never disappoints! Their bubble tea & iced coffee are awesome! If you're in the neighbourhood and craving for some pho, tay ho is the place to be! Don't forget, they are closed on tuesdays!
4	I don't know much about Vietnamese food, but I do know that we really enjoyed what we got here: a huge dish of grilled skewers of shrimp, chicken and beef over vermicelli with an abundance of bean sprouts, herbs, and lettuce (for wrap-making, we determined, after we'd all but demolished it), another huge dish of sauteed veggies over crispy fried noodles in a sweet, light sauce, and a bowl of juicy BBQ'ed pork. Between two reasonably hungry adults (and one not-so-hungry toddler), we still had a serving of leftovers to take home with us. Friendly service, if a bit cursory (mainly involving rushing by to grab your order sheet and confirm that you've chosen what you think you've chosen). We're just visiting Montreal, but we'd likely come back again next time we're in town and staying in the area.
4	The broth is so tasty , big portion, fast service and friendly staff. Bubble tea is good for summer. Worth it to give it a try.
5	Tres bon! Aucune deception, j'y retourne des que je peux. Nourriture: 5 etoiles, grosse portion, pas tres cher, beaucoup de saveur et de choix. Service et decors: 5 etoiles, tres propre et beau decors. Terrasse avant et arriere. Service rapide.Je vous en reparle quand j'y retourne pour essayer autre chose!
3	Food was ok. I've been to Vietnam so obviously I'm a bit of a snob, but this isn't even the best restaurant in the city. Worst of all I had a terrible experience with this old waiter there. He was super rude and condescending. Asked him for suggestions he just shrugged and pouted for some strange reason. My girlfriend, Amanda (hot piece of Ace) called him out on his antics and he smiled. HE KNEW THE WHOLE TIME.
4	Really good, perfect balance quality price. The portions are big and everything is very tasty. I was amazed by the spring rolls, that means something. I found the Pho (soups) to be ok, nothing particularly amazing but still quite satisfying. Do yourself a favor, take a bubble tea, best I've had.
4	I stopped in here during a Montreal visit, aside from the Pho being more expensive than what I'm used to, not a bad restaurant at all.Biggest complaint would be smaller portions for higher prices when compared to Toronto's Pho places.The good? Delicious broth, really tasty meat, the appetizers were great.
