5	We went with the all American, the roast pork tenderloin, the chorizo , sloppy Johns , and finished it off with the garlic herb fries.  Great taste and quality.  Finished our meal off with a cupcake.  You guys nailed it, great job!!!!!
5	Hoh. My. Gawd.Still thinking about this. If calories didn't count I'd marry the Mac n'Cheese Balls. They're HUGE! But oh so yummy. (Think two very large sized oranges.) Somehow this wasn't greasy. How anything fried can taste so healthy seems wrong. Which is the dangerous part kids!AND get this - I ate the last ones tonight. (Yes, there was a bit of sing song to my voice. Na na na na!) If you want some you better get your butt in gear. When you see the orange flames on the black truck "Run Forrest, Run!"But I'll probably trip you.First come, first served ;)Found this blessed truck of Godness at the Scottsdale Food Truck Caravan.  If I hadn't been intent on stuffing my face (pie hole) with the many samplings the slider menu looked RAD. I had a nibble of the pulled pork. OH BOY. Oh Boy.(Still having a moment over here.)You better save space in that belly. Seriously.Dave, the owner/chef, is such a nice (AND FUNNY!) guy too. Say hi for me!
5	Mac and Cheese balls were delish and the pork sliders had a sweet bbq sauce on them that went perfectly with the tangy cole slaw topper (see pics I added)!  The guy running the truck was very friendly and even opened up a touch early for us since we were hungry.  We will definitely be hunting them down again.
5	Oh my goodness indeed! I just had a buffalo bird slider and it was amazing! It was a spicy ground chicken patty with blue cheese and carrot and cabbage slaw. So so good! Nice and friendly service too! They even were able to wrap my order to go. Now I just need to try their Mac & Cheese balls. They were all sold out tonight :(
5	I have eaten off GGGBS quite a few times and felt compelled to write this review for something other than the obvious.  The All American Slider is fantastic and if you are lucky enough to encounter them after they have slow cooked their pulled pork - do yourself a favor and try it.So... why was I compelled to Yelp it?  As I continued to interact with GGGBS I have gotten to know Dave G. the owner.  I have to tell you - He encompasses everything I LOVE about the small businesses and that entrepreneurial spirit.  He is always smiling and is a great guy!  I love that about food trucks... the interaction with great people and Dave leads the charge.Keep up the good work buddy!!
2	Food is great. However, it is very very small portions. It is not worth for the value. I will recommend different place.
1	Terribly overpriced.  Maybe 2 bucks a slider at the most would be in the vicinity of fairly priced.  I really just got overcharged (ten bucks!?!?!?) in cash and (an absolute ton) of calories for a subpar eighth of a meatball on a dinner roll.  No matter how fancy they try to make it, and the toppings sound,  it's a tiny, wholly banal hamburger.  Period.
