4	Wow!  I don't know why I haven't been back; the food I had here was so flavorful!  But I am getting ahead of myself.Even though it seemed like I was the only one waiting at around 6p, I had to wait more than ten minutes at the lobby-type lounge area.  Lots of institute brochures and menus were splayed on the side tables, and there was even a table displaying desserts offered that night (sans one that features homemade ice cream).  I thought it nice of the host to offer something to drink, perhaps wine?  I only had a glass of iced water, but it was still nice not to have to wait for a table before I could have a beverage.  I was finally shown to my table in the near-deserted dining area, and I thought it cool to see the student-chefs in their stations behind the counters.  There are MANY options under each course to choose from, but everything is a la carte (unlike the 3- or 4-course prix-fixe menu at L'Ecole), so this would be a great place to visit with a few friends and go nuts ordering a few plates and just share.  Do keep in mind that the menus at the Scottsdale Culinary Institute change with the seasons, so you may not find the exact selections I tried.I had the mini-course of soup (consomme, chilled borscht- a first for me!, and tomato-red pepper bisque) and the pork tenderloin and three-potato hash (potato, sweet potato, and purple yam).  The soups were good (I liked the tomato-pepper best), but I did point out to my server that the pasta in the hot (!) consomme was inedible.  A trainer met with me and told me that the pasta is cooked al-dente, but after I attempted to pierce one with a fork and have it flying across the room in front of her, she offered to buy me dessert!  This elated me since I had been drooling over the description the host had given earlier about the strawberry shortcake the pastry chef just added to the menu that night.  But first, I must speak of the goodness that is the tenderloin and three-potato hash.  Four small medallions adorned a hash consisting of three different kinds of potatoes and caramelized onions, which were simply cubed and roasted, but looked wonderful in hues of gold, ochre and royal purple.  I remember wishing I could order a huge bowl of these potatoes, they tasted so good!  The pork was very juicy, and so tender- the saltiness of the meat and the sweetness of the potatoes were just perfect together!  Had the opportunity to try the shortcake not present itself, I'd have left L'Academie as happy and as satisfied as I could be dining out.  And yet, the shortcake (thin shortbread cookies with layers of fresh whipped cream and macerated strawberries) looked so beautiful on its plate garnished with balsamic vinegar and basil syrup (yes, basil!), that I had to try two bites of it... Balsamic vinegar and basil!  Who would've thought??  I LOVED this dessert!  I had the rest boxed up, but funnily enough, I had nothing to put in the fridge when I arrived home...Just looked at the menus on www.dinewithsci.com and there are so many selections I really want to try!  Sounds like a great venue for a yelp event... :)
3	First, I think it's important to remember what L'Academie is: this is Scottsdale Culinary Institute's casual, bistro-style restaurant. As such, every encounter with staff is an encounter with a student, from the host stand to the table service to the kitchen. Last night, we spotted the fruit and cheese plate on the dessert table upon our entrance. You see, while the menu is seasonal (maybe to coincide with semesters?), the desserts are changed out more frequently to allow for creativity of the student chefs. The offerings are displayed along with some featured beverages which you are forced to pass as you enter the dining room... a great way to remind you to save room (wink, wink). I guess you could say we had dessert first!Our "starter" featured slices of Manchego, and wedges of blue cheese and a smokey brie bordered by walnuts, pistachios, dried figs, apricots and cranberries and halved red and green grapes. Only real complaint: there were too few pieces of crostini (although we were graciously brought more upon request) and some of the green grapes had browned. Overall, it was a nice way to start the meal.I had the five onion soup. A velvety potage, the soup's aroma was slightly better than its flavor. A bit heavy on the pancetta and worcestershire for my taste.The presentation of the crab cakes  was lovely. Three timbales of crab and peppers surrounded a small bunch of fresh greens bound by a tomato slice. The vinaigrette on the greens was a highlight.L'Academie has a notable wine selection. I was delighted to find Molly Dooker's 2007 The Maitre D Cabernet Sauvignon on the list! Deliciously oaked goodness!Truth be told, it feels like a cross between a classroom and an average American bistro. But, you know what? That's what it is... and, what better way to support young people who love food as much as we do and want to spend their career bringing it to us?!
4	the hours change every so often, so check ahead, but this place is better than most "professional" places. they had an unanounced function once during lunch and the hostess told us to come back and she'd hook us up with a free appetizer. so we went back the next day, and not only did she remember us, but she comp's us one entree and the app. plus, the students did a fine job seating, cooking, and serving for us. great prices, regardless of the freebies
4	I was seated at the bar. A very nice young man was working the bar an provided good conversation.I was offered a DELICIOUS chicken, bacon, bleu cheese amuse. Yum!I ordered a pine nut pesto pizza, which wad delivered by the chef! :)The crust was perfect! Thick enough for structure and substance, but thin enough to "hide" behind the flavors of tomato and pine nut pesto.The cheese was also just right.Delicious!I also had the chicken panini, which was fantastic! The bread was a bit hard, but I think I was too busy talking and let it sit too long.All in all I'd definitely recommend L'Academie if you're in that area of Scottsdale.
3	NAME: L'academieRECOMMENDED FOOD: Corn and Crab ChowderRECOMMENDED PEOPLE: None yetONE LINER: A culinary student run restaurant up the escalators by saddle ranch in oldtown.Overall: 3 starFood: 3 starService: 4 starAtmosphere: 4 star (if you like academic energy)HIGHLIGHTS:L'academie is a culinary student run restaurant.  They have one chef and one floor manager that are teachers and one teaching assistant for the chef.  Everyone else is a student.  There were nine people behind in the kitchen, only one of whom was female I noticed.I love academia, and of course food, so it was fun for me.  I took detailed notes and submitted them at the end of my meal.They are only open tue - fri, 11:30a - 1p for lunch and 6 - 7:30p for dinner.  They do not close at 7:30p, they simply stop seating people after that, but are happy to seat you right up until that time.FOOD:They present the desserts and drinks on a table on your walk to your seat.  They had mojitos as their drink special for the evening so I had a few of those.  The student bartender/server didn't blink an eye when I ordered it strained.  It was perfect for me, not too sweet.I ordered the barbecued shrimp served with a chickpea, avocado, tomato salsa.  The shrimp was well cooked and the avocado was delicious.  They served me a complimentary taste of the roasted corn and crab chowder.  Spicy and delicious!  Real slivers of crab meat that still tasted sweet despite being in a chowder.  I'd say that is the must try item here so far.The bread was served with three butters, regular, sun dried tomato and dill.  The dill butter tasted very strongly of dill (though the second pat the bartender gave me just to compare it to was much more mild).  All very nice.For dinner I had a NY Strip.  This was at best average.  I ate it, I was happy, the red wine shallot marmalade was good as was the cabernet demi, but it didn't sing.I will be heading back to L'academie again as I just liked how eager the students seemed to be.SERVICE:Charisma: my bartender/server was very pleasant, nice and conscientious.Helpfulness: he went out of his way at all times, above and beyond normal.Menu Knowledge: he was stumped of a few things like you get when taking a test.  But he was eager to run and find out what he didn't know.Star Explanation:5 star: one of my arizona favorites!4 star: great eats, recommended.3 star: good eats2 star: avoid unless with good company1 star: avoid despite company
3	Eating at a cooking school was a novel experience for me, and one I'm glad I did. We did have a really hard time finding the place, since the building number was obscured by a tree. We found it by walking searching and that was when I saw the number nicely tucked away and obscured in the corner. From the moment we walked in though, everyone was very friendly. Later I realized I would have preferred to sit  at the counter so I could watch the preparation. But I digress. We were brought bread right away, 2 types - baguette and one with apricots. That with the 3 butters (reg, honey and jalapeno) was awesome. We were brought a second round without even having to ask. So by the time the (very good) crab cake appetizer came we were already stuffed. Nonetheless we continued on the meal like brave little soldiers ... brave little soldiers should be so lucky ... before I get any notes, this is a joke, people ... and actually they were - top chef. last Wed.I wanted to order a sandwich but was told they only had sourdough bread. That was a bit disappointing - I wish there was more than one kind. However, the pizza I had ordered made up for it. Very nice in what I think of the real Italian style. Thin, grilled crust, light on the cheese and heavy on the flavor. MH had a burger - very good meat, similar to that we had at Joe's. We both ate half and got boxes for the rest.I really wanted dessert but had no room. I mentioned this and wanting to take it home to the server but she didn't offer the option so I didn't push. I figured it was a sign that the universe was not in favor of this.The serving staff was awesome - very nice and attentive. In fact I got my water glass refilled more times than I can count - I just kept drinking automatically because of it. Kind of like a robot but it was very sweet. I liked the decor - creative but at the same time not fussy or overdone. I did kind of wish the menu was a little larger - not much, I know they're limited, but just a bit. Next time I may come alone to indulge myself at will - no one to see all my little plates! And I'll sit at the counter.
4	As a Cordon Blue cooking school/restaurant this restaurant has big shoes to fill. They do so admirably!  The food, flavors, and presentation are marvelous...there is definitely no shortage of interesting flavor combinations. Even when things aren't to your liking there is something delicious about each dish. For example: The raspberry/cherry sauce on the Black Forest cake was a bit too rich for me....but overall the dessert was delicious. Eating at a cooking school, which doesn't look like a school at all by the way, is a novel experience. I'm glad I had the opportunity to enjoy the dinner and ambiance they provided. It is going to the top of the "everyone should try this" list.
