5	I really like this Urgent Care!  Don't let their youthful looks fool you! John Altic PA-C and Dr. Brenden McRae are wonderful and very caring! In addition to having Urgent Care they are now opening a Private Family Practice -I can't wait for them to be my primary care physicians as well.  Great job gentlemen and staff!
5	Came here based on other reviews. Was leary at first but glad I went through. Awesome staff, very friendly, helpful, and imformative. Asked lots of questions to make sure I understood. Short wait times and again very friendly and professional. Been here twice already and wouldn't hesitate to go again for any needs. Oh and they have a Pharmacy on site and prices about the same as if I went to walmart or walgreens.
5	GUILTY, I am SUPER guilty of writing more booo reviews then YAAAAAAH ones, and I couldn't think of one more deserving...I could give you the most awesome story about how much I love this place, but chances are your just looking at the stars and skimming, so I'll spare you.I was so impressed with this place as an urgent care patient, that I decided to make them my go-to family doctor. There are many pluses to having them as my doctor1. They are super awesome (huge bonus)2. I always get in same day (beauty of them being an urgent care as well)3. Prescriptions as I wait (I'm not picking up more virus' by waiting around walgreens)4. blood-work in-house! (no more waiting at the creepy labs!)seriously, the above are just bonuses to the level of professionalism and care this place provides. I love that they listen, and that they aren't quick to bust out the pen and pad for a quick fix. I can't recommend this place enough!
5	I just moved to Gilbert and needed to find a new dr. This place was close to my house so I called for an appt.  they got me right in and I was blown away by the whole office.  From dr McRae to his PA to his entire staff....they are all wonderful. The dr is very comprehensive and takes his time with you which I don't think I have ever experienced. I was losing faith in all drs because they rush you and don't try to get to the root of the problem. The office is so nice and clean and everyone is so beyond nice and makes you feel so comfortable.  I honestly can't say enough good things about the entire office. Even if I ever move out of Gilbert I will still come here for all of my needs.
5	This place was great... Well as great as a doctors visit can be.  They called us (my son was the patient)  back within 5 minutes and immediately saw a doctor.  She was kind and took her time - asked a lot of questions and did not hastily diagnose and fully explained to us what was going on with my son's health.
5	Oh no, the dreaded Urgent Care! Think about what you know of an urgent care. Ok, now forget all of it. This place was awesome. Clean, Friendly and FAST! I live about 10 minutes away, made a call to see what type of wait time there would be, girl said no wait. Walk in, empty. As far as I was concerned, NO WAIT! 5 minutes of paperwork, 5 minutes of vitals be taken, 10 minutes with Dr, 3 minute for prescription. That's it! In and out in less than 45 minute. Huge, awesome, and great. Dr. Alexandra (I hope thats her name, if not, sorry) was awesome. Friendly, funny, and staraight and to the point. No time wasted. Heard my concerns and addresses them. If and when I need a qucik look, I will be going back here!
1	I got ripped off this morning by Health First Urgent Care. I thought the point of using urgent care is to get care and avoid the long lines and wait times in ER. I entered the facility feeling very sick. Given four pages  of forms and told it would be $90.00 for the visit because I had no insurance. I understand this and have no problem paying for services rendered. After collecting my fee, a nurse got a set of vitals then a blonde chickie came in to say they could do nothing and I needed to go to the hospital. I don't know if she was a MD or PA or NP or the janitor. No name tag showing and she mumbled a first name so I don't know who she was. My point is they got my money then said they could do nothing. That is wrong,wrong. Going over to the hospital, I realized I did not want to do this over again at the hospital so I just drove home. I would rather die alone in the desert than put up with that BS again. It is so wrong to take advantage of your customers when they are in a weakened state of mind.
5	I have been a patient since the clinic opened. First I started out only on the urgent care side and soon to the family care side so I could maintain the same care. I think part of what I like most about this practice is that the people that provide care there truly do care about their patients. Yes, there have been times that they have sent me to the ER for my own safety because the issue was more than an urgent care issue. I truly trust Dr. McRae, Jenny, London and Christie to meet my medical needs. Not to mention that I can have my labs done on site.
5	I've been in twice in the last two weeks, once for an infected armpit (exciting!) and once for persistent headaches and dizziness. The staff is efficient, knowledgeable, and familiar. They all (except one dude so far) ask questions about you and are genuinely interested. One reception clerk and I got talking about Pokemon--what a joy! They are young (as in, pre-40's), but professional and experienced. I'm confident that I'll be back.
5	One word amazing, diagnosis right on the money, the care and respect i received was superb. Best urgent care in town hands down, i'm actually looking forward for my follow up today believe it or not. thanks so much health first, William Zambrano
5	Just as other reviews here, my experience was excellent. From entry to seeing a doctor,  30 minutes, which included completing 4 pages of insurance and medical history, and prep by PA. I would highly recommend this Urgent Care.
2	Someone needs to teach these people bed side manners....maybe I just went on a bad day. Everyone was short, rude, and seemed like they were all sick themselves. We were the only ones there, and we waited over 15 mins once we were brought back to be seen. Does not help when you see a full staff sitting with their feet on the table reading and surfing the web. Now, they diagnosed me and got me all fixed up, but I would not return to this urgent care.
5	Health First is not only our go-to Urgent Care, but also our family practice. I typically see one of the PA's, Jen, and she is incredible. I always feel comfortable with her and she really pays attention to MY needs. The staff is also full of wonderful, knowledgeable people, the office is clean and welcoming and the location is really convenient. I bought recommend this office.
