1	Even weeks after my visit, I am still so frustrated. I visited this location after being sick for nearly 5 weeks. I was losing my voice constantly and couldn't stop coughing, so hard that I had pulled muscles in my back. Upon first glance, everything looked great. The office is spotless, and the receptionists are very kind. The wait was not long at all, and the woman who took all my vitals was wonderful. You could tell she enjoyed her job and liked being there. Then, they put me in an exam room, and I waited.The young man who came in to check out my concerns was a PA. He asked me some questions about how I was feeling and I had to explain probably six or seven times while he checked me out. He kept asking me the same questions over and over again. It started making me feel like he was doubting me. I told him I had taken some OTC meds a couple weeks before and they didn't help after a week, so I stopped. He said asked if I would like to do a strep test. I said if he thought it would rule anything out, then yes please. He asked me a couple more times and I said please, let's do it, you seem to think it's important. He then told me, "well, I know you don't have strep, but let's do it anyway." After waiting for 20 more minutes they did the test and yes, it was negative. He started asking me the same questions all over again. I had no voice, was having issues talking, and had to cough after every couple of words. He tells me, "well, I don't see anything wrong with you." Um, excuse me?He ended up prescribing me three medications "just in case" - some antibiotics (because there was "no way" I was sick but "let's cover our bases"), another pill to help with the coughing (it didn't) and another OTC medication to help with the congestion I did not have. $200 later, I am still sick, going on 8 weeks now.I understand that some people do not present with illness the same way as others, and I also understand that this gentleman was doing his job. But the way he was speaking to me was so unacceptable. He made me feel as though I was lying about being ill, and that I was there trying to get prescriptions for no reason. I would have much rather not spent $65 on medications that didn't work but after feeling terrible for so long I was willing to try anything. I was actually quite offended by the way I was treated. It takes a lot for me to go to the doctor as it is, I hate going, so when I do go, I want to feel taken care of, not accused. Needless to say, I will never be returning to this location.
3	We have visited this location about 4-5 times now as my 17 year old daughter seems to catch everything and is always sick!  The front staff is always very nice and the x-ray tech, I cannot remember her name, is always there and recognizes us.  It seems like they frequently have students of some type training here.The only issue I have is that there is always a LONG wait!  It doesn't matter what time we go or how many people are there, it is always takes forever.  We go back because it is close to home, they accept our health plan and they are very courteous and nice but PLEASE work on time management.I would safely say, this is an urgent care that is clean and friendly but slow.  If you have a little extra time on your hands when you are sick, this is for you.  I do know almost anything is better than the ER. :)
3	This place is anything but "fast" and "urgent". I used the zip pass and I was there over an hour. I understand we want the PA to take their time with patients, in order for proper diagnosis, but he only saw me for less than 10 minutes(that's w/the time to write the prescriptions). It would be nice to have more than one PA working during this sick season.The staff members were very friendly and professional and the PA did apologize for the wait.
4	Nothing but a good experience for me, was so sick all Friday night, & couldn't sleep, found their website on my iphone and made an appointment thru my phone before they even opened, was in and out in about 20 minutes.
5	I recently had an appointment.  I had a great experience!  The front desk staff was friendly and helpful!  The nursing staff and the FNP were very professional and courteous. If I need urgent care, I will definitely go there again.Marion
2	Great place to go if you want to deal with a complete bitch of a doctor who has absolutely no patience for questions and talks to you like you're an idiot for asking. Otherwise fine I suppose.
4	Our first experience at this location. We were seen timely by a nurse practitioner. She did a nice job taking care of my husbands finger cut. Because no one worked regularly at this location, they struggled finding supplies. Very clean and nice.
5	I visited this office last Sunday afternoon. I called ahead and was told they don't take appointments but there was only 1 person in the waiting room at that time.  I arrived and was greeted by a super nice and helpful man at the front desk. I noticed he was not only helpful to me but to the people he spoke with on the phone as well. I waited maybe 10 minutes to be called back to see a doctor.  Less than one minute after I was shown to a room the doctor came in. I explained my symptoms and she confirmed that I did indeed have shingles.  She explained to me the normal course of action and what I could expect for recovering.  She wrote my prescriptions and was extremely polite and friendly with both me and my husband while taking care of me. In less then 30 minutes from start to finish I was on my way home.  I had an excellent experience here and I highly recommend this office.
5	We have been to this location before and have been happy each time. We went for my daughter's sports physical. We walked right in ,filled out one paper, and were seen by sports medicine doc in under 30 minutes. The cost was only $35 and no insurance was needed. The dr. Did a thorough exam and made sure my daughter was fit for swim tryouts!
5	We have had nothing but good experiences here! We have taken three of our kids here, one with a UTI, one with a sprained wrist had one for stitches. It's clean, we've never waited long and the staff has all been fabulous.
