3	I tried this place hoping to find my new home for spray tanning. After talking to a very nice young lady I purchased a package of five tans. I then went in and tried the machine. All the beds, lobby, etc. seemed very clean. They are open late, and they don't pull the "We can't take anyone the last 30 minutes we are open" routine which is always a major pain. I spray tanned and left feeling awesome about just giving them my $80.Until the next day. NO TAN. I mean, nada. I was still snow white. With a pending poolside engagement that weekend in Palm Springs, I needed some help. I went back and the manager and I had a chat. I showed her my skin and she said it sometimes take two tans to show color. I wish I had known that when I bough the package, but ok. I buy ANOTHER tan (they offer 1/2 price tans on Friday afternoons) so I do not have to use one of my more expensive packaged tans. I get sprayed again. Then I go to Palm Springs. And, of course, the only place I show any color the whole weekens are on the backs of my knees. Lovely.So needless to say I was less than pleased, so I returned to Solar Waves and asked for a refund. The manager at first was extremely hesitant, but after I pressed her she caved and credited my card minus the one tan I actually used. Maybe there is something wrong with my skin, but I have spray tanned at several other places with no problem. I suppose this place could be great for regular tanning, but I honestly have no idea. I would just recommend staying away from their spray tans.I am giving them 3 stars because although their product may or may not work, they at least refunded me my money, which I very much appreciated.
5	I have been a Solar Waves client for over two years now. Susan (owner) and staff are the best! Always friendly, helpful and very knowledgeable about tanning. The entire salon is immaculate. I am pretty sure this salon receives a "spring cleaning" on a weekly basis if not DAILY. The beds are quality, and awesome selection of tanning lotions as well. They offer a discounted punch card to reward for buying product from them. Recently got a $80 lotion for under $60. That is great! Even better Friday's are Happy Hour ... half off tanning so you can upgrade to a awesome bed for half the price.
5	This is by far the best tanning salon I have ever been a member of!The staff is friendly and helpful and their salon is beautiful and totally customer oriented.  They REALLY don't skip out on anything with their customers.You'll be happy to find some Hempz lotion in the bathroom for your convenience to use after you tan - complimentary!They're prices are incredibly reasonable and they don't try to screw you over like a lot of tanning places do.  I have nothing but great things to say about this place.  I moved from Chandler 2 years ago and have been to 4 other salons in Tempe and now Los Angeles where I live and never have any of them met the same standards I experienced here.Very very sad to have left.
3	I love tanning and I love this location and the service is always on point,  I just wish this place had upscale stand up beds because I hate having to rotate in the lay downs in order to tan evenly. Kind of annoying. But i love this place still regardless.
1	No! Very unfriendly owner. Literally so uptight and doesn't smile. Wouldn't give me my birthday discount after I explained that I lost it...she refused. Rude and not customer service friendly. I'm so disappointed because I like the PLACE, but with service like this, forget it. I'm out. Ill go to Sunchain down the street.
5	Perfect just the way I like it. Nice clean. Eurgoline beds. A or brush tanning. Really nice place.  Very helpful and friendly
5	NEW OWNERSHIP as of JULY, 2013!! I first used this place in 2011, great pricing, fresh bulbs often, immaculate, quick. The girls that worked there were always nice & still are, but the previous owner constantly put people off by seeming very unfriendly/flat-line personality, as some have commented in reviews before 7/2013 (I continued anyway b/c I like everything else about it).  I thought she just disliked ME until I realized, no, it's just her personality, ha ha!  Under new ownership, the place is still IMMACULATE - like EAT OFF THE FLOOR CLEAN. They give you no grief about coming in at end of night, every employee & now owner included is CHEERFUL, and even the decor has been cheered up just a bit, more color added.  I hear there's a place nearby that is going for "cheap" but you have to clean your own beds & quality control is poor... I'm willing to pay just a bit more, still a great deal, to put my bare skin onto towels & beds that I know are cleaned very well between every client, and a tanning bed that will be well-maintained, cuz let's face it, we're kinda microwaving ourselves naked.... LOL
5	This tanning salon always makes me feel like I'm really treating myself. The place is pretty swanky with wooden rooms and low lighting. The tanning beds are excellent and the staff is always super friendly. I've been going there for at least 3 years and still love the place. For those of you tanning in places with bright fluorescent places with white tile and no soothing comfort- I suggest you come give this place a try! You won't regret it!
2	I have been going to this salon for the past 4 years for airbrushes. The prior owner was amazing and I always loved the way the tans turned out. Even with the new owners, although they did things a little different, I loved the airbrushes. They recently got a new airbrush system and I am not impressed. Really disappointed to be honest. Not sure why they made the switch but I miss the old one. I live in Scottsdale and would make the trek for their airbrushes but after this last experience, I won't be back.
5	If you are looking for a clean, luxuriess tanning salon with quality high level beds and above and beyond customer service...this tanning salon is your go to place. I have been a customer here on and off over the last few years and now that its under new ownership, Id rate it a 10 if I could. The owners are wonderful people and have always made me feel welcome and appreciated. The salon is always imaculately clean, they provide deoderant, wet wipes and towels for your use for after tanning; simply put there is no tanning salon in a 30 mile radius in my opinion that can remotely compare to the service, quality of beds, cleanliness and overall relaxing and luxerious experience as Solar Waves Tanning in Chandler. When you stop in, tell Lori the owner I said hello and I sent you....she will get a good giggle out of it. God Bless and enjoy your tanning experience!! :)
