4	I'll keep this short. BUY LIQUOR HERE. It is absolutely the lowest liquor prices I have seen anywhere in Madison. If you know of better please tell me! The grocery store is HUGE (almost too big) and they have so much stuff. On to the negatives: Cash and Debit only :(. One thing I never understand about Woodman's is that they always have such long lines. They need to have more employees working. Overall, thumbs up!
2	Quantity over quality, low price over customer service.  No credit cards?  ... get with it.  Liquor store is impressive but overall it's a below-average supermarket.
4	Best supermarket in Madison.  They've got everything you need.  Prices are really good, I'm convinced.  (yeah, it's not like i've made out any spreadsheets on this, just general impression from receipts.)Yeah, it's often messy and crowded, but so fucking what?   Copps is too clean and quiet for my taste.  I like to be able to shout down the lane to ma baby so we can get our shop on.Plus, Woodman's actually has a pretty decent Latino foods section section.  And I love me some burritos.Liquor store is pretty frickin huge and the prices are good.  But it's not like we drink much here at casa de jujubee.  So whatever.  Produce selection is just as good as Copps.  I think the problem people have is that it looks messy, with all those big vats of tomatos.  The produce can be kind of dusty.  You know what you do with it?  YOU WASH IT BEFORE YOU EAT IT.  For god's sake...  Maybe I should drink more... ARGHHHHHHHHI hope the employees aren't being paid shit so I can have apples for 85 cents a lb.
3	Oh, Woodmans.I might be too generous with three stars here, but your charm is kinda beneath the surface.  So what if your store is kind of dirty, despite an apparent renovation?  So what if I saw a mouse running through your produce section once?  I'll tell you what, that mouse knows where to find a great supermarket bargain.  Woodman's is by far the cheapest overall grocery store in town, not to mention the best selection overall - especially ethnic stuff.  I think the best feature, though, is the huge liquor store - best beer selection in town for the money.  True, the lines are brutal, but the store's popularity speaks for itself.  And, if they hired more people, the prices would go up, so pick your battles I guess.  If you want the best value for your money without compromising too much on quality, come here.  If you want a higher end place, go to Whole Foods or Brennan's.  If you are afraid of minorities, go to Copps.  Either way, you'll pay more.
2	Woodman's do you like to wait on customer's? The way that your employees give masterful evil eyes as if they are in the cult of Devil-eggs makes me think not.  Don't EVER have a question in Woodman's --OH --if you do remember what aisle the breadcrumbs are on so you can bust open a bag to find the door out..   Woodman's Your prices are going up even though gas prices are going down a bit. But hey compared to Brennan's WHEW!!     We must be paying higher prices for that really nice remodel job which just gave us larger aisles to get LOST in. Did you ever think of hiring someone to actually organize this store???Do you ever see a GRandma or Grandpa in this store no they never make it out of the Deli section they cannot find their way out --BREADCRUMBS I TELL YOU BREADCRUMBS!! Because most cells phones do not frickin work in this store the more you get to the back ...   Oh I LOVE the ethnic and the health food stuff ..Have you tried Walnut Burgers? OMG they rock!! Great now there will not be any..which brings me to my biggest wonder..why the heck they stop ordering the popular stuff??? They will tell you ( when you find someone who will not run from you) it has to something about their warehouse not getting it..and then many months later there it is again. They seem to have major customer service and ordering issues..and I would not eat their green produce..why is it so scary???Oh that's right no one to ask they are always running...or hiding or not enough people to wait on the lines of people...thank goodness for the self service machines.!!Oh and start taking credit cards the economy is bad---people need to charge their food.
4	OK, Woodman's West has practically all the components of the WONDERFUL Woodman's East, except that it is HUGE. It's about the size of an airport. If you forget what entrance you used to enter, good luck finding your car when you leave. I still haven't figured out all the entrances in relation to check-out. I kind of feel like I've lost half a day when I shop here, mostly because I have.
3	Well, I am not exactly sure how other Wooodman's amount to this one? But this Woodman's IS MASSIVE! They have absolutely everything for awesome prices. The only thing I will say about this location is that it is extremely busy... All of the time.  I have no idea why but it just is! Day or night, there is always a lot of people crowding the very narrow isles and there is always a huge line for the cash registers. Thank goodness for Self-checkout lanes.
4	They have everything. If you are uncertain, say, which frozen pizza to buy, reading the labels will take you all day. The Gammon Road location is so big I need my GPS to find my way around the store. They have a plethora of self check out aisles. My only small gripe is that they don't take credit cards, only cash and debit. I am on a campaign to acquire reward points and I wish they let me accrue.
5	Yes, this place can be a bit dirty, and checkout lines long, but the price is all worth it. Woodman's is probably the best place to grocery shop in the whole state of Wisconsin. The prices are far better than Walmart Supercenter prices. Don't heasitate about going here, you will save tons of money.
4	Gigantic old-fashioned grocery store. This reminds me of my childhood. Old, and slightly retro, this place brings fond memories of riding around in a shopping cart (ok, maybe that was just the other day, but still...)I was on the hunt for S'mores ingredients. I was told their marshmallow section could not be beat. Upon entering Woodman's I couldn't help but notice the wide variety of people. Pretty surprising if you've been in Wisconsin for long!The store is definitely large and well stocked. And if you can't find something there, then ask them to order it! They are that attentive to their customers. What I appreciated with the high traffic was the extra large width of the aisles. Most grocery stores are impossible to navigate two shopping carts, let alone a huge number of people. If you're not bothered by crowds and long lines, then you'll find Woodman's to be a great place to shop. Low prices and friendly service make me a fan.
4	This is my first time at Woodman's from just moving here from out of state. I love the layout of the store and the fact that its "employee owned" makes me feel better about shopping here. The prices are good, the fruits and veggies are fresh, and a big giant hall of all ice cream selections :)  They also have natural meat selections; I found chicken breast brand here name Smart Chicken which is no hormone injected and natural raised chickens which I am a firm believer on (blame the movie Food Inc., it has brainwashed me). Just remember, this place is debit or cash only. The gas station is cash only.
4	I can't comment on the entire store, I only went into the liquor department to get some beer before heading back to Illinois. As a beer lover and having just spending the previous day at Great Taste of the Midwest, I wanted to get some of the local beers that I just can't find back home. Woodman's delivered. This location has a huge liquor department and one of the largest selections of craft beer that I've seen in one location.  They also had a lot of specials, deals and sales going on. I was able to pick up 6 six packs of beer for under $50.00 If you are in the area, and looking to pick up some beer, I would highly suggest coming here. Good selection and good prices.
3	Prices are good if you can find what you want. Some nights the place gets so emptied you wonder if the people ordering are sleeping. Also would recommend buying your produce elsewhere as you can often find rotten fruits and veggies mixed in with the "good" stuff. But as I said the prices are lower then most anywhere in town.
3	Woodman's!  Where shopping is a baffling ordeal!They've made a lot of improvements, sure, but the store layout leaves a lot to be desired.  The quality of produce and meat is often iffy but their prices are pretty great and they have a remarkably well-stocked set of "ethnic" foods.Their liquor department rivals some of the better specialty stores in town.  So, great prices, but it can be frustrating to shop there.
3	The best thing about Woodman's is the fact that they carry more brand names and grocery options than any of their brick & mortar competitors.  I personally love grocery shopping and the discovery of new products.  I also appreciate brand name options.  The prices on most dry goods are hard to beat.  On the down side, I am not a fan of their produce department.  I liken it to "dumpster diving" .  I shop elsewhere for fruits and vegetables.  The other downside is that unless you shop at 7:00am on the weekend or in the middle of the day during the week, you are almost always going to wait in line from anywhere between 10min to 40min (holiday shopping produces the longest lines).  All in all I am hooked, I just need to be in the right mind frame to tackle the crowds.  I wish the produce was of higher quality.  This store will continue to get my business but I will continue to go elsewhere for my produce.
4	It's not a fancy upscale grocery store, but they have an amazing selection and unbeatable prices. I used to dread shopping here because of the size, but now that my kids are older and I know where most everything is, it's fine. I actually enjoy shopping here now because I feel like I know some of the employees and I like the background music they play. I often see a friend or acquaintance shopping, too. Lines aren't bad on a weekday. Would never shop on a weekend due to the crowds.  I only come once a week since it's a little far from home. If I end up needing to shop somewhere else on occasion, it nearly kills me to see the prices people pay at a regular grocery store.  I wish the liquor store wasn't so far away from the rest of the groceries. I would probably go there more often if I didn't have to deal with a separate check-out. Just go there. The prices and selection are worth it.
2	Be prepared for a harrowing experience. Shopping at Woodman's is like navigating through a stampede of wildebeest. Their selection is bountiful, however, understand that this store is HUGE! Trying to find what you need in a timely manner is near impossible. Do not expect to grab and go!! Ideally this store would be great for avid aerobic exercise walkers and kids going on treasure hunts.
5	I do love me some Woodmans.  Great selection, great prices, and when I need something unusual, I can always find it at Woodmans.  We go to this location when we're in town and visiting friends, usually multiple visits in a weekend for supplies, and never any real issues.  I'd say I wish that the self-check lanes were limited more on the number of items that a person could check out for themselves as it can tie the lines up a little but there are enough checklanes that it's only just a minor annoyance.  Excellent liquor department, though the layout was a little confusing at first.  Otherwise, clean, friendly service and we'll be back.
1	I came to Woodman's after reading all the fantastic reviews on Yelp. I have never been more disgusted by a grocery store in my entire life. The better part of the produce was spoiled, with many items already opened and exposed to the air. Many of the bananas, for example, were peeled back and already black. Filthy. I was considering leaving at this point, but figured the boxed/bagged goods would be fine. Boy was I wrong. A bag of rice had holes in the bottom that were almost definitely caused by some sort of vermin.. with rodent droppings beyond the shelves, clearly not cleaned since the store opened. I asked to speak to the manager, but was rudely informed by a store clerk that he had other matters to attend to. I informed the store clerk that I would not be coming back, and she said "good, we don't need your business".Don't believe the hype. Stick to Madison Market, Copps, Hy-vee, or Whole Foods. A disgrace of a grocery store.
1	Everything I looked at was cheaper at Target or Bill's food market in Oregon.  I went in for some simple lunch items and was shocked to find the staples that I normally purchase were about 15% cheaper elsewhere.  The place is big and dirty.  I will stick with Target and our neighborhood mkt.
3	I have a love-hate relationship with Woodmans.On the one hand, the prices and selection can not be matched anywhere in Madison.  On the other, the layout, fresh produce, and general store quality leaves a bit to be desired.Seriously, the prices here are dirt cheap for quality products.  They also have massive aisles with a large selection of foods, including world foods.  Best of all, are two large aisles dedicated to the organic, healthy, and special diet items like gluten free.  As the old saying goes, if they don't have it, you don't need it.  Regarding the layout, my main complaint is the giant wall of chips that separates the meat and dairy department from the rest of the store.  It makes it more difficult to efficiently move down your shopping list because you have to take two separate routes through the store.  The produce quality is okay, but not great.  I have, from time to time, come home from the store to find mold on something that I didn't see in the store.  The sweet corn has also let me down enough times I don't buy it anymore from there.  As for the general store quality, I am not a fan of the tiles in the store which forces the carts to make a lot of noise while moving the store.  It also makes for a not-so-smooth ride for children in the cart.  Also, aside from the meat department, trying to get help in finding something in the store can be a very big challenge.Now, the liquor store I will put into a whole different category.  It is hands down the best liquor store I've ever been to.  Amazing selection of all liquors, wines, and beers from Wisconsin, the US, and imports.  For many beer promotions, you'll get free items such as chips, pizzas, and cheese with your purchase. Not to mention very good prices on all items as well.  In summary, I consider Woodmans a necessary evil.  I shop there because it's good for my family's budget and for the selection, but I long for someplace better.
3	Great old school grocery store. They have pretty great prices on produce and they are my "go to" for a bunch of different products. They have two lanes just for organic products which is pretty extensive. They carry a lot of my favorite "specialty products" which is just amazing. There is a huge selection of cards and they have a humongous alcohol selection which is a whole separate store attached to the main store. Had to knock two stars off because:1. decor and shelf set up is just so outdated and not appealing. It's depressing2. they don't accept and credit cards! Boo!
5	Special review for people from the British Isle:They sell Jaffa Cakes.End of review.
4	We are a lucky bunch here in Madison.  Having lived in cities where grocery store options were limited (try finding a good grocery store near Bentonville, Arkansas - if it ain't a Wal-Mart Super Center, it doesn't exist), one of the first things I do when in a new city is check out their markets.Austin has HEB, Central Market, and Whole Foods.  San Francisco has Golden Foods & Trader Joes (well, a lot of places do... but theirs seem best).  Atlanta has Kroger & Harry's.  Madison has Woodman's, Willy, and Jenifer Street Market.  The thing all of these places have in common?  Selection, price, convenience, and general quality.Now, I realize there are better places to buy produce than Woodman's.  However, they are improving their organic produce section, and what they do offer is quite good.  It's also very reasonable.  If it's staple goods you're after, Woodman's is THE place.  They consistently offer common items at prices that are embarrassingly low.  Their ethnic food section is excellent - whether it's Asian or Mexican items you're looking for, they will have it.  Their dairy section is massive and offers a great selection of boutique cheeses, believe it or not.  And then there's the liquor section... Ehhhhrmahhhgawd.  It's not quite a Speck's or a Binny's, but it's impressive.The upsides:- Plenty of self-checkout lanes that are usually quite speedy- Great selection and pricing for staple goods- Great liquor section- Decent organic produce offerings- Expanding selection of organic/natural foods (dry, frozen, etc)The downsides:- Mediocre non-organic produce- Very few options for organic/free range/pastured meats- Disappointing deli- A bit dingy at times- It's always slammed busyAll-in-all, Woodman's is a win.  While I'd love to see us get a HEB or Central Market, I'll take Woodman's as a consolation prize.
3	Why does everyone treat Woodman's like the ugly step sister. Grrrrrl might need a makeover, but I know a lot of people that could afford a redo and I'm still friends with them. I was told to avoid the produce at all costs, but I grabbed apples, kale and sweet potatoes for dirt chip, ate them, and lived to write the tale. The floor is rough, I avoided the meat counter like the plague and I kinda felt like I wanted to take a shower when I got home, but in all seriousness I feel like you gotta give this place a bit more credit. The prices are right, they're employee owned, and if it's cans you seek they have cans for days! All the cans! I stick to the perimeter, fruit, meat, veggie, fats so I can attest to the insides, the aisles, but again, cans for days!
5	The liquor section here is great, by far the best I've seen anywhere so far. I haven't shopped the grocery area much, but their ethnic food section is very impressive. This is also one of the few places I can get lactose free yogurt since it's impossible to find in Beaver Dam. Woodman's selection is HUGE and I definitely plan on going there when I'm after hard to find items.
4	I like woodmans. Good selection and great prices. Awesome selection of vegetarian foods. There isn't a deli or bakery but they have a good selection of cheeses anyway. The only negative is that it's always super busy and packed. And then they don't have nearly enough checkers. They go have a lot of self check out but when you have a newborn and a 3 year old then that's not an option. They usually only have a couple check outs open which leads to super long lines and aisle blockages. If they could fix that then it would be much better.
2	I grew up in Northern Illinois going to the Rockford Woodman's.  I remember that location having great produce and dairy.  The Gammon Woodman's is a disappointment.  I've purchased dairy products that were outdated.  The produce is hit or miss, even during the summer.The actual price difference between Woodman's and other local stores isn't all that much, given how they tout not having to pay credit processing fees by not accepting credit cards.  There's probably maybe a 10% price difference between Target and Copps compared to Woodman's.  Trader Joe's has better prices (and produce) than them and they accept credit cards.  It's not a full service store - no deli and limited bakery hours.  It's also in an area that can be risky to be in at certain times, so be very careful.
3	This place drives me crazy.To quote Eric O: "Woodman's!  Where shopping is a baffling ordeal!"Good Things: - Sure, the store's not as pretty as a brand new Hy-Vee or Copps, but for the most part, the values are there in the products.- Some of the best liquor prices, and selection in town (and the west side store is cheaper than the east, for some reason.) They'll also order most anything they can get their hands on if you ask, and offer further case discounts on almost everything in the department.- HUGE selection of gluten-free items.- A large selection of other interesting items I haven't found elsewhere in town. (Check out the international aisle, for instance - Int'l doesn't just mean "Asian/Mexican" anymore!)- Locally, and employee-owned.Bad Things:- The layout is weird, and the warehouse-y atmosphere can be overwhelming (similar to a mini-Sam's/Costco environment)- There's a whole aisle of GF stuff on one end of the store, including a fridge/frozen section, but the rest is at the other end of the store, IN THE BACK OF THE BAKERY.- The produce is variable, and I often wouldn't recommend it (even in the summer.)- People (shoppers) pay no attention, so getting run into is Business As Usual.- It can be insanely busy, especially on weekends, and right after the workday ends.- Cask/Check/Debit only. No credit cards.- The have a selective policy about which manufacturer coupons they'll accept, claiming that "they won't get reimbursed" for some. This is a lie.** It's common that some retailers, like Target, Walgreens, or Walmart, for instance, will sponsor a coupon for an item. So your $1.00 off Tide detergent coupon may say "Manufacturer Coupon - exp xx/xxxx --- $1.00 off Tide, sponsored by XX Corp."This means that XX Corp paid the manufacturer to run the coupon, but it should still be accepted by anyone who takes manufacturer coupons (i.e. most major stores.) Woodman's management claims that this is the equivalent of an XX Corp "store coupon," which they don't accept, even when shown proof from the manufacturer. A lie, and very frustrating.TL;DR:Great for some things, not for others. Buy your GF goods, canned items, and some cleaning/paper goods here. Alcohol, too.Get your produce elsewhere, and prepare to elbow-shop before arrive.
4	I love Woodman's Here are the reasons why:1. They have an excellent and reasonably priced gluten-free foods section2. They sell the widest variety of foods of any store in town. For example, they're the only place I can find sugar-free ketchup. They also carry an extensive selection of ethnic foods, salsa, canned items, and cereal. If you're trying to find something weird, like pumpkin-flavored yogurt, Woodman's is your best bet.3. Woodman's is the cheapest grocery store by far. You can even get great deals on meat if you go very early in the morning. I've found high quality ground chuck for $1.99/pound. There's literally no fat in it. No need to drain. I like that they stock "Manager's Special" in the meat department on a daily basis.4. Speaking of "wide selection" and "cheap"...have you seen their liquor store? Not only can you find literally anything you'd want to drink, they have some of the lowest prices on booze. 5. I like that it's open 24 hours. I can go super early in the morning and avoid crowds.Here's what I don't like about Woodman's:1. It's in a bit of a rough neighborhood (for Madison, at least), and I have definitely felt sketched out when going shopping late at night.2. The produce section basically sucks. Lots of the items are just poor quality. If you do buy any produce at Woodman's check it carefully to make sure it's not rotten.3. The flow of the store is pretty terrible when it's busy. I avoid peak shopping times like a the plague, but sometimes you gotta get something on a weekend afternoon..beware, it gets extremely congested4. There is always, ALWAYS, a wait at the cash registers. I've never gone to Woodman's and not waited in line at least 15 minutes."Service and savings, at Woodman's!"
4	I always do my grocery shopping at Woodmans, the main reasons are the prices and variety of items. I started doing my groceries any day of the week until I noticed that on tuesdays there was not too many people shopping so that's when I decided to come on tuesdays.Maybe some people don't like Woodmans and I am not saying I haven't seen a thing or two out of place but they get lots of costumers every single day, they are really busy all the time and in my opinion they do their best to keep everything in order, I don't have nothing against other supermarkets but I prefer seeing employees coming from the back with carts full of items sweating than employees with a perfectly ironed shirt giving deep massages to the apples you know.I know for some people a trip to the supermarket it's like a punishment but not for me, it entertains me so much, I really like discovering new items, organizing my cart and even crossing out things off my list, come on, it's fun ;)I always find everything I need, specially items that would help me in cooking food from my country, like plantains, yucca root, chayotes, tortillas, mexican cheeses, there is a cheese in particular I found that I fell in love with, it's called Sierra Queso Cotija, the brand is Supremo and it goes great on top of beans, frittatas, yucca, plantains, potatoes, enchiladas, etc. It is an aged crumbly cheese with a delectable mild salty flavor.
2	Woodman's, you're redeeming your two stars on alcohol alone.On the occasional chance that you win in the price/value category, you compensate negatively in your store appearance/cleanliness. This is like a discount grocer mixed with wholesale store.Employees are friendly and helpful.Parking is nightmare and the place always seems to be crowded. Definitely, DO NOT go on a Saturday.Like I said, I do make the occasional stop to pick up some brewskis or a bottle of wine.
4	One thing for sure: Graduate students with budget love this place! Why? You wanna know why? It's for the price! It's like the most important thing for any graduate students, especially international ones, living on the tight budget. You can pretty much find anything you need for your grocery shopping: fresh veggies, fresh fruits (For someone coming from a tropical country, I found this place offers a quite selection of some tropical fruits!), milk, meat, dairy products, etc! Of all grocery shops in Madison that I frequently visit, this place offers lots of coupons, which can be printed, neat, isn't it? ....And the aisle? oh my, it's huge! You don't have to worry to bump into someone's carts when shopping! If you want, you can do a lil jog as well! ha! Just kidding! But hey, it's possible, this shopping center is enormous!So, after reading this review, are you convinced enough to shop there? I hope you are! and I'll see you there this weekend? :D
4	I would be willing to bet that Woodman's is about 75% the price of Hi-Vee or Copps. Absolutely huge selection of items. This is where I go for most of my groceries. Minor Complaints:They don't have ready made meals and more specialty-type foods but I forgive them because it is so cheap. The liquor store has a very large selection and is all on the East side of the building in a separate area. So if you are buying food and booze you are going to get rung up twice, which is annoying. Also sometimes they run out of produce items but that only happens to me on the weekends.
