3	After closing the location on Independence Blvd, they re-opened a nearby location that used to be a Circuit City in Matthews.  You can't really see the store from Independence, but once you take the Matthews (hwy51) exit and travel east - like you are heading toward Butler High School, it will come up on your left (Sycamore Commons) where the Costco, Lowes, and other shopping places are.Since they recently renovated this place, it's pretty nice and they have that new check-out line that all BestBuys have where it seems like they funnel u in and then there's a queue to the next available register (with a ton of impulse buys in front of your face the entire time while you are waiting in line).I don't think it was a bad move on BestBuy's part since they got a new store... but it's a little hard to find if you aren't looking for it.  Not that I go to BestBuy every day, but at least I know where to go if I am not shopping online for my electronic needs.
2	The wait..... ugh! Last night my husband and I went to look at laptops. I get so sick of waiting at Best Buy for someone to help me, it's ridiculous! This is the second time I've gone to this Best Buy to purchase a laptop, and again I'm waiting over an hour for someone to come and help me. At least with the sprint store you write your name on a clipboard and they know who the next person on the list is. We had two people who came in after us who were given help before we were. I don't understand how a huge corporation like best buy hasn't figured out to serve the people who were in line first.
3	I like Best Buy, at least in theory: I'm a huge gadget geek, so how could I not?  Unfortunately, despite the fact that this location is both relatively new and just down the street from my home, I come away disappointed almost every time I visit.  The employees are slow.  I mean, S. L. O. W.  You ask a question, you get a vague nod, and if you're lucky, you'll see that blue shirt again in about forty-five minutes.One redeeming quality is that they'll adjust the in-store price if it's higher than their online price.  They get an extra star for this, since this courtesy saved me several dollars the last time I visited.
3	Given enough time, everything moves - first Circuit City moved from next to Toys R Us (which itself closed to become BJ's, which has now closed too).  Circuit City moved into this space, then closed and became Best Buy, which moved from down the street.  It is actually across the parking lot from Lowe's, which originally was not far away either.  But I digress.The new store is really not that different from the other one.  Is that not the idea, that you can walk into any Best Buy and it is just like any other Best Buy?That may or may not be correct - the folks here are nice enough, and the selection is pretty much the same, but I have found that the place just seems a bit on the low end.  There are usually items hanging out of boxes, or sitting askew, or maybe not put out at all.  The staff, other than the obligatory greeter at the door, does not really seem to be all that concerned.Does it affect your purchase?  Not really, if you can find what you need.  But it could affect your experience.  Just something to keep in mind.
3	Standard store, I've never had any issues shopping there.
2	Came here to check out to see if they sold the Mac computers, because I was looking to buy one even if it wasn't at this store. When I get in, I only see iPads... Interesting.I go up to a couple of employees and ask do the sell Mac computers here, and they said no. Then one of the employees continued to explain why. The explanation was the funniest. He went into a rant about how the area here and the demographics didn't have a high enough income to afford macs. Points to him sounding smart, but sometimes if you want a customer this isn't the way to say it...that everyone is poor for this "luxury."
2	My boyfriend and I headed out to Best Buy to search for an Internet provider. We had visions of Yelp, Facebook and YouTube flying through our heads and were so excited that we would be able to hop online after leaving the store and hooking up our new doodad. Well we get there, and it's set up like I've never seen a Best Buy before. They are situated with a few other stores in a parking garage. The garage itself is enough to give these places a lower rating. By the time we got parked and dodged enough cars the thoughts of the Internet were replaced with road rage. It started out well once we walked into the store. We were browsing the mobile phone section and a lady walks right up to us, and is super helpful. We chatted about phones and then asked her about the Internet. She pointed us over to the area with all the shiny new modems and promises of me seeing Ihascheezburger.com or yelp, or www.paraadventures.com & www.facebook.com/ghost.hunts. (Shameless self promotion on the last two... haha)We wandered over to the Internet area and started our search. We looked for an associate and there were none free. No biggie, it was a Saturday and we knew it was going to be busy. We walked up to the Clear Wireless section where we'd heard a few things about. We wanted to speak to someone though to make sure they were in our coverage area. Well, we walked around, walked around some more, and then more....and more and more.. and still no associates to speak to. I took the box with the shiny new product in it and walked towards the front of the store. FINALLY a manager stops to greet me and I tell him that I'm just wanting to find out more about the internet. He walks back over with us and starts to research the coverage area, and he sees another associate and hands us off. That associate starts to activate the device and has issues. He tells us that we will have to go home to activate it. After being there for nearly two hours we are frazzled, but still excited to get home and hook up the internet. Well, we get home, and lo & behold we are not in their coverage area! GRRRR... talk about frustrated. I called the manager and she informed me that I should go with AT&T because they are much better and faster. We took the unit back, and did just that except we went to the actual AT&T store!After the frustration we had dealing with parking, the poor level of service and the misinformation with the internet, I honestly can't see myself heading there again for any reason in the near future. I'm a stickler for customer service and theirs basically sucked. Boo.
1	I really never thought about writing a review for best buy until the other day.  I haven't had any good luck with best buy ever, but the other day takes the cake for me.  I've always went to best buy not because of prices but because of location and it is the only music store left.  Never nice people, they lost my camera last year and to replace it so no luck at all.  But on the other day I went in to get some ear buds replaced, I waited in line for ever seems like.  While a employee just stood there and talked on the phone as if it was her day off and I was doing her a favor by standing there waiting.  I waited a little bit longer and the line grew, finally a guy who looked like he just got off break came up and helped every body in line while she just stood there.  I've never seen a company have like 5 people behind the counter and none of them know how to do anything.  What's the point of having said people for a certain position when the very person you need to return something for you is never there?  I don't like best buy I hate it, I wish circuit city was still a store I'm shocked that it's still a company to tell you the truth.  I believe if they employed better people then maybe it would be a better store.  But this one here, that was on Independence that moved to Matthews, it just suck.
1	Eek! Methinks 0 STARS is more fitting!Geek Squad plays dumb, had a TV to be repaired..took 4 weeks...they played dumb for 3 weeks...the tv came back and there was no box, just the remoted TAPED to the back.  Not many friendly service people but the Wireless dept. is actually VERY fun and easy to work with...SURPRISING I know.
1	Very disappointed with this Best Buy location. The staff were very unfriendly and unprofessional, often giving dirty looks and talking in a condescending tone like we were wasting their time. The greeter didn't greet us upon entry or exit and the cashier turned their back and didn't reply after I said thank you. Also, this location was very dark inside and was difficult to see item specifics. I will not be returning to this location.
1	What a joke! If this is a technology company someone should tell your 19th century employees. Can't find accounts, shitty service. It's as if they are still in high school hanging out and we the customers are interrupting.  Go ahead blame your demise on Amazon while giving scrappy service..
1	The Store "Director" called my mother a crook for bringing back my son's ipod that we could never get to work, come to find out it had been switched prior to us buying it.  He refused to be of any help at all, He would not replace or refund the money spent...I will never shop at that best buy again. After calling the corporate location all of our troubles were handled and they also could not believe the way the Director of store spoke to them.. If you hate your job so much you need a new one!
