4	I could have done almost all of my Christmas shopping here.  Well - I did a good bit of it here as it was.  Mom got a real turquoise bracelet - about 2- to 2 1/2 inches wide and turquoise earrings.  (Bracelet 9.95, Earrings 3.95).  Brothers got hand carved Buddha statue, set of those balls you roll in your hand in the little silk box w/ dragons on them and a Dragon carved necklace. (9.95, 3.95 and 2.95 respectively).  Got the brother's girlfriend a few bracelets - in her favorite colors as there are just about any colors to chose from - and an anklet (4.95 for bracelet and 1.95 for anklet).  Also got mom a stocking stuffer of petrified wood for a few bucks.  She loved it, but then again, she's into that kind of thing.  I was tempted to buy myself some of their cultured pearl necklaces, again in several colors (not sure how I feel about that) for like $8 but I held back.  Some of my almost boughts included wooden chimes, African drums, beautiful wood carvings and these incredible handmade notebooks of all sizes filled with handmade paper.  All of it is relatively inexpensive.  Yea - some of it looks cheap - but most of it doesn't.  Enjoy some of the cool world music while you shop.  Take a few moments to really look around and I'm sure you'll find something to catch your eye.
5	Black Market Minerals is the only reason I go to the Arizona Mills Mall anymore.  It is the last good store standing at this ghetto gangster/ vato hotspot. It has a wide assortment of beads, African drums/masks, decorative mirrors, stones, and jewelry.  I could spend forever in this store just wandering around. My favorite items there include their large African Masks. I bought 3 of them for my apartment at about $14 each. They also have some awesome sun mirrors, wooden and mosaic ones.Even if you don't have any money to buy anything (as most of the people hanging around this mall rarely do), just stop in and look around...you won't regret it.
5	LOVE this store.  Come to town once or twice a year and never miss a trip here.  The lapis and shiva stones are very well priced.  Staff couldn't be any more helpful . . . or cuter!  Lots of great rocks and minerals for the casual and slightly serious collector.
4	What a cool store! It boasts a huge variety of unique items that I've never seen for sale before in a retail store. The best part? Reasonable prices. Definitely a place to look into if you're exploring Arizona Mills Mall!
5	Didn't ever expect to see a store like this in a mall.  Lots of new age shops have some crystals, but this place is like none I've ever seen.This is probably the largest store dedicated to rocks, minerals, and crystals that you will ever find.  It's not just the junk that you find in the toy stores and gift shops--they have large amethyst geodes, some still in the boxes that they came in when they were shipped from Brazil.If any of the following apply to you, then you will find something you like here:Fossil collectorRock collectorRock tumblerCabochon makerJewelry makerUnusual gift buyerJewelry buyerMystical practitionerI'm not kidding.  In some places, you'll see a couple of tektites available for sale, or a few pieces of optical calcite.  Here, you can look through a BOX of tektites to find the one you want.  Calcite?  Over a dozen samples.  They've got everything except the kitchen sink. . .uh. . .no, scratch that--they DO have kitchen sinks, in PETRIFIED WOOD (about 5 of them actually).  If you want it, you'll pay the price they're asking.  It's the only place I've ever seen where you will find petrified wood sinks and chairs.Want an African mask?  Huge copal chunks?  Tumbled stones by the bag?  A heart carved out of iron pyrite?  How about wind chimes?  Fossil sea urchins?  Peacock copper ore?  Maybe just a lingam stone?  Yes, all here and more.  And it's in a MALL.  Who knew?  If you didn't, you do now.
4	A neat store in Arizona Mills Mall. They have a lot of Buddha inspired trinkets. Good for small gifts for friends. They also have jewelry, beads, wall hangings, carvings, etc. I can waste a good half hour in this store for sure!
5	You can find so many good gifts in here to give away. I signed up for their emails so I get the info on when they are having sales or have gotten something new in the store.You can find polished gemstones, mineral specimens, beads, jewelry, magnetic bracelets, salt lamps, fossils, jewelry making supplies, and huge, giant geodes. This is a great place to take a Geology buff. I am always able to walk into the store and name every rock and gemstone, nerdy I know.I always go in for their incense, cool incense holders, tribal masks, and hematite rings. Large selection of petrified wood, drums, wind chimes, and wall ornaments. The staff that works there is very friendly as well. Always a great place to stop by in the mall. Did I mention their prices are ridiculously cheap?
5	Where else can you buy a stony meteorite that fell to Argentina 500 years ago and was discovered by Franciscan monks for $40? That's awesome.
5	This place is fantastic if you have the hobby of collecting gems and minerals. Don't bother driving to Sedona or somewhere else, because the prices here cannot be beat. Unless of course you can purchase rocks  & Gems in wholesale. I was very impressed with their selection, and their 'fair trade' hand made items. The people who work in the store will also answer any questions, and are very knowledgeable. Sometimes I go in here just to chill out and touch the rocks. ha ha.
2	I couldn't make it down to the Tucson Gem Show this year, and after reading all the sparkling reviews, I thought this would make a decent substitute.  If you are serious about your gems and jewelry, this is NOT the place to go.  I asked a salesman if they had any freshwater pearls that weren't dyed, and he looked at me as if I asked where the 18k Tiffany settings were.  I only gave it two stars because the casual jewelry purchaser may like it.Another problem was that I'd never been there, Arizona Mills is a large mall, and when I parked and called and asked where they were, a saleswoman said they were close to were I was.  NOT!  They were all the way on the other side of the mall.Simply was not worth the trip across town for a visit.  Very disappointing.
4	Excellent selection of alot of gem stones. Specific stones no, but great surplus of your basics at very reasonable price. Just got my gridding kit :DD Recommend it to any one who works with energy or magick. Many wands, points, and geodes. Namaste~!
5	New favorite spot for my kids, they are so excited to go there its like a candy shop for rock lovers. Tried to offer my kids toys but they will choose this place anytime. No arguments on my part because the prices are very reasonable. Only bad thing i have to say is that I cant leave the place without buying something. Again its like a candy store for rock lovers. They do have other cool items in addition to their massive collection of rocks. Employees are also very helpful and educated on their items.
5	Dear Black Market Minerals,You are ROCKin' the Mills scene! I love going to your store and being blown away by nature's beautiful creations! The best part of you is your prices! I am able to load up on gems, stones, and other goodies without breaking the bank! My little nephew collects rocks and it's so nice to be able to let him fill up his little rock pouch due to the prices and selection. I love the unique items you carry such as the wood statues, magnets and rain sticks. I have gotten very cool and unique gifts for loved ones here. Your service is always helpful and friendly which is why I refuse to go to any other rock and mineral store in the valley. They cannot compete period. Thank you much! Sincerely,One Happy Camper
4	Lots of fun stuff here! I never get tired of visiting and seeing what new stuff they have!
3	Mineral shop in mall with tourist specimens.  Would not recommend store to geologist or mineral collectors.  Amazing shop for a mall - unique.  Good customer service.  Lot of spiritual healing crystal items if you are into that Yani culture.
5	Let me put it like this: I entered the shop at 12:30. I left the shop at 3:30. It's like that. Such a wide variety of truly beautiful items requires time to sift and choose the right things. Loose crystals, crafting beads, jewelry, instruments, decorations-- everything here is awesome and there is something to please anyone and everyone. What's more is that it is affordable at every price point. If you're visiting Arizona, it's a great place to pick up souvenirs as well. I'll be back, but will make an effort to browse more quickly next time!
5	Rocks, minerals and crystals...this place has them all.  Additionally, there's a giant selection of hand crafted, folk art, crafts, and musical instruments from around the world.  Oh, and there is a ginormous assortment of bulk incense in towards the back of the shop...great prices!
5	Spectacular.  My favorite store.  They play amazing music, and have a great selection of gems, rocks, and incense.  Would recommend to anyone.
5	What a great store! So much to look at with reasonable prices. Always find unique finds and friendly help.
