2	I'm reviewing strictly the lunch buffet that is served Monday to Friday from 11:30 to 1:30 pm. I keep getting flyers in the mail advertising this special and for 8.99$ it seems like a great deal. If you get the flyers, there is a coupon for 2 $ off.  If you want a soda or drink, it's 2.89$ extra, free refills.Pizza Hut really seems to be going out of business in the Montreal area, whenever I drive by one, the restaurant is empty. This lunch promo is a last ditch effort but not good enough to make me come back for supper.There's a basic salad bar with two types of dressing, bread sticks with marinara sauce, some small size pizzas: selection of vegetarian, pepperoni, all-dressed and cheese. However the pizzas are lackluster, I don't know why but they're just tasteless which makes me wonder how much different their regular pizzas are. There was one choice of pasta, very dry, almost no tomato sauce, even the melted cheese couldn't salvage it. The restaurant wasn't very full and they weren't refilling the food in time. Perhaps you need to ask if you want more.. The best past is their hot cinnamon buns, drizzled with frosting and accompanied with their self-serve frozen yogourt, makes for a great treat.  I wasn't impressed by the whole experience but at least I ended my meal on a sweet note.
1	I placed an order and waited an hour, called them only to be told my information is wrong, they read it back to me and it was all correct. My food was cold.  I wrote in complaining and I got a call on a Sunday night from the manager, Tony. I thought he was calling to offer me something but it sounded like he wanted to call me to get my correct address (even though it was right) and to say it was my mistake.I initially tried placing the order online, my password wasn't working so I called in, my order was $10 more than it was online, plus the $2 delivery fee, who charges for delivery anymore? Honestly!
1	Went a few times and each time it just got worst!Waiters are nice but understaffed, we waited well over an hour for our order on a busy Friday night, I saw one waiter working his butt off and a few ppl started to walk out as the wait was to long. When we finally received the order it was completely wrong.. So we left cause we weren't going to wait another hour for the correct order.It's a real shame that this place is not being managed properly, I'm sure they are losing a lot of paying good customers.Rather go else where
