4	Charlie came out to a house I was renting and gave the home a through inspection for me.  He seemed to know what he was doing and what needed to be done.  Since I was renting the house I did not use his services and that is the only reason I gave him 4 stars otherwise it would have been 5 stars.  I moved out of the house because it had so many electrical issues.
5	CHARLIE.IS.AWESOME.!!!!!!!An investor friend of mine recently bought a  vintage 1943 house, which I am in the process of moving into as a tenant. In exchange for reduced rent, I am also helping him with some of the repair work... starting with the electrical system.During the course of the home inspection, the inspector pointed out that the electrical system wasn't grounded (it had the old-fashioned 2-prong outlets as opposed to the new, safer 3-prong outlets). He recommended I get at least some of them re-wired, so I could at least plug in my major appliances without fear of shorting a circuit. He also recommended I dress in a slutty schoolgirl outfit when getting bids from contractors...so as to get the best possible price (for reals...he knew a woman who used this tactic successfully).Well, I've been stressed lately, and the last fuckin' thing I felt like doing was donning a slutty costume...so I called up Charlie, wearing nothing but some dirty old sweatpants and a snot-stained hoodie. And he STILL gave me a great deal!What we thought was going to be a 2-day project turned out to be a huge fucking mess -- the house had been purchased at the foreclosure auction, "fixed up," and then flipped by one Jared Weiss...who hired a team of half-assers to come in and basically just slap a new layer of drywall over everything. It looked OK at first glance, but once Charlie and his journeyman assistant, Junior, started looking at it -- it turned out that whoever did the electrical work for Jared Weiss fucked it up royally. There was a MULTITUDE of illegal code violations -- frayed wires, loose wires hanging in the attic, extensions cords in the attic running to nowhere, a jerry-rigged water heater and much, much more. A total fire hazard!!Essentially, Charlie and Junior ended up having to re-wire the entire house. It took him 11 days, when he had only expected to spend two -- but he was cheerful the whole time, and still gave me a GREAT price.What I like best about Charlie is his down-to-Earth, everyman demeanor. At first he was hesitant to use swear words around me -- the first few times he let one slip, he apologized for using such language in front of a "lady."HAH!!!!!!!I let him know it was of no fuckin' concern to me what kind of language he used -- but I still thought his embarrassment charmingly quaint.All in all, I got a really good vibe from him, personally AND professionally. He was exceedingly thorough in his work, and always erred on the side of safety. I feel about a thousand times safer now, knowing I don't have to worry about frying my pubes every time I step out of the shower and turn on the blow dryer.Seriously, I can't recommend him enough. The only bummer is that he's always super busy (he's been doing this long enough to where he has about a billion accounts in town, so he's never hurting for work.) But even so...they have a 24-hour on-call emergency service...because they CARE!Nearly seven grand later, I'm hoping not to need him anytime soon...but if I do, I will not hesitate to call him again.
1	Very Unprofessional. Can Can bought the wrong wire for the job without checking what the appliance called for. Then got mad when he found out it called for different wire. He then proceeded to put his tools away and jumped in his truck and drove away without  a word. I would caution anyone thinking of using this company.
