4	I live right down the road from Camelback Mountain. I can see it from my home. It calls to me... It has since I moved here. The problem is... the entrance to Echo Canyon Trail is under construction and closed. A couple weeks ago it came out that the grand opening would be November 30th, Woo Hoo! Finally! I can go climb the mountain! Then yesterday came. I saw a story that said the trail WOULD NOT be opening on Nov. 30th and there is no new date given...... I dropped to the floor and started kicking and screaming like a small child. Okay, not really (maybe really). So, the same day I read that, my buddy miraculously calls me:Him: Want to go hike Cholla trail tomorrow?Me: Sure, where is it? Him: It's on the backside of Camelback. Me: .......What?! Are you effing kidding me right now?!Yeah, so it turns out there's another trailhead on the backside of Camelback Mountain. The thing that sucks about it is that you have to park off of N. 64th St and then walk about a half mile or so to the trail head. We went at 6am on a Friday and it wasn't hard to find. There were already a number of people parked on the side of the road and walking to the trail. We followed suit. The hike is strenuous. I'm not going to BS you. I had to stop a few times and catch my breath. It was the constant climbing up that got me. It's like continuously doing lunges... except you're having fun. Toward the top when you're nearing the summit, it starts getting a bit trickier. There are some narrow areas along the edge of the mountain and some areas that I had to use my hands to help climb rocks because the ascent was a little steep and my legs were getting tired. All and all this was a great hike. We got to the summit and the views were totally worth the work it took to get there. Definitely bring water. I wore my Camelbak pack and it was more than enough for me. I'd probably just bring a 20oz bottle next time, depending on what time of day it is and how hot. I wouldn't recommend the hike for small kids. Basically because I don't like kids. No seriously, it gets a bit sketchy at the top. Use caution if you decide to test your child's might here, and most of all just have fun and enjoy it.
4	Tough Hike. Long. Great scenery for a hike. Good view of the entire Phoenix Valley at the top.I love you Camelback Mountain.Love,Matthew
4	When 6:00AM was deemed the hike time this week I had to think about it for a second... I am so happy I decided it was worth cutting sleep short!I do recommend the crack of dawn visit here as it is spectacularly breathtakingly beautiful to watch the sunrise and take some sweet pics to Instagram (I recommend LoFi.) There was a group of about 12 of us who participated and I bet I can say the trail made all levels feel accomplished - I sure did.All of the people we passed (or who passed us) were lovely and happily chirped "good morning!" We only walked up the path for a good 45 minutes-ish before running back down but I heard from someone it's possible to walk up one side and down the other.Next time I am town this a definite must-do!
4	If you're looking for a moderate workout with gorgeous views of the Valley, Cholla Trail is for you.  I visit this trail a handful of times each year... usually when I have company in town that is interested in hiking.  Cholla is the "easier" of the trails you can hike on Camelback Mountain.  Echo Canyon is a lot more intense.  Even so, you'll get a workout on either side... I'm always sore after I hike Cholla since I do it so infrequently.  I highly recommend doing an early morning sunrise hike... and regardless of what time of day you go, pack some water and wear your sunscreen.  Trail shoes are best, but even if you've got those, be careful on some of those little loose rocks; I've seen plenty of people slip and fall on those.Happy hiking!
4	I called it "Chola" trail. It sprained my ankle.To be honest, I didn't know how it was supposed to be pronounced, and I totally missed the Double L Means Y rule. But I'm fairly confident that my offhand mispronunciation was enough to infuriate this carefully cultivated Phoenix hiking spot, and see to it that I turned my foot on my way back down, delivering two days of pulsing, throbbing pain during a work-related visit. Weeks later I'm still feeling the injury. And how could you blame him/her? The views, expanse, and beauty that this Camelback hike delivers beats the barrio, for sure. So fair warning: don't be calling this thing Chola trail. It's Cho-ya. And it's all hard.Another warning for out-of-state visitors: people in Phoenix start their morning hikes at, like, 2 a.m., because it gets all hot here. Like, I know you think it gets hot in Burque, but serial, Phoenix is like ALL hot. So get out there early, or you'll be all sweaty.
4	Visitors who don't hike a lot and who are just looking for a casual and a good workout hike, read this. I repeat, read this. This part of Camelback Mountain is for you. Only do Echo Canyon if you are up for hoisting yourself up with your hands and climbing boulders. This hike doesn't have that. This hike is simple hiking up a mountain. It's best to wear hiking shoes to help with traction, but the most strenuous part of the hike is getting a stair master workout with climbing up over small rocks. Parking can be tough so it's best to go during off hours or park further away and walk. Dogs are welcome and on a clear day, the views are nice!
5	Disclaimer: I'm a midwesterner born and breed. My idea of "hiking" involves a flat pathway along a forest preserve. With that in mind...I had an amazingly outlandish idea that we were going to handle Echo Canyon. We drive 30-ish minutes only to see that it's closed 'til mid Jan '14. Perhaps the fates spared us as we took to Cholla Trail. We parked along Invergordon and made our way up. I'm ashamed to say that we arrived the same time as a father and his ten-ish year-old daughter... and they out-paced us. Cholla Trail was a moderately difficult hike with some narrow spots. I'm amazed at the folks who I saw running. Also saw a bunch of folks with some fresh cuts and scraps.Had breathtaking views of the sunset on our way back. Definitely recommend!
5	Love this trail! Good for hiking and running. Dogs are welcome. Everyone I've met in the trail has been friendly. Definitely a staple trail in Phoenix/Scottsdale. A must go!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this mountain! Parking for both trails i've hiked on are a little tight. Echo Canyon Trail off of Tatum & McDonald is pretty hard. The parking lot used to be super small and if you had a bigger car then your luck of finding a parking spot was very slim. I've hiked that trail twice and I will tell you now if you're just getting into hiking I don't recommend hiking Echo Canyon trail! There is a ton ton of steps to get up the mountain and then when the steps end it is all uphill where you have to climb pretty moderate/small rocks to even to get to the first look out point. Getting down is even harder. The parking lot is currently being worked on so you can't even hike that trail right now so hopefully when they're done with all of the construction the parking lot will be bigger than before! The other trail, Cholla Trail, off of McDonald & Invergordon is way easy! Piece of cake! The first time I hiked this trail (And haven't hiked before that in 1 year) I made it to the first look out spot (very flat spot) in 5 minutes. That's how easy it is. To get to it you have to park on Invergordon road which requires to you to parallel park to either get in a spot or get out and the line of cars can get very long! You have to walk up a big hill (street) up Cholla St. which is a pretty big hill and almost can be a workout. But after you get up that the trail has a little steep part and then half of it is literally flat. Which is easy and prepares you for the little more of a steeper part of the trail. It's easy to get up but is a very good workout! I definitely recommend Cholla Trail because it is the easier trail on Camelback Mountain and easy for first time hikers!
4	Hiked this trail for the first time today! It's an awesome hike about 40 minutes up and maybe 30 down. It's pretty rocky and some areas you have to climb up some big rocks which is really fun! There were tons of dogs on the trail which is really cool. Love a dog friendly trail! It is a busier trail so if you're looking for a secluded area, this isn't the trail for you. In terms of parking, it gets pretty packed on the street so you might have to walk a bit even before you get to the trailhead. There's plenty of spaces so don't get discouraged looking for a spot. Overall, a great moderate hike if your looking for some variation to get some exercise. :)
4	Bring extra water. Nice little scramble toward the summit. 2 hours round trip. I made the hike fine in my gym shoes but only because I didn't have any hiking shoes. Next time I'll wear something with a thicker, more sturdy sole.
4	Stair Master x 10! Great uphill hike and beautiful views. Extremely rocky, wear shoes with good support and probably not fit to those with knee problems.
5	This is a great hike with excellent views of the entire valley. If you take no breaks it's about an hour and a half from where you park on Invergordon at a easy walking pace. It typically takes about 10 minutes of walking to get started on the trailhead. I always tell people to bring more water than you think. There are no facilities so make sure you use the restroom before you arrive.  They allow dogs on Cholla trail, don't forget their water and poop bags. Up to the saddle it's pretty easy, after the saddle it gets a little steep and tricky. Overall it's a fun hike and in strictly rating it on that as 5 stars. I've done it enough that parking being difficult and no restrooms is part of the challenge. Enjoy!
4	This was my first hike ever, and I am so proud of myself. It was tough going up, and even scarier going down. But I have to say I had so much fun. I almost want to go every day of my stay here in Scottsdale. I went early 6am, so the sun wasn't an issue. For such an amazing first experience I don't think any hike in Jersey will compare.
5	Cholla Trail to Camelback Mountain is Phoenix's iconic hike. Yes, it has crowds and can get hot, but it's fun, has great views, and is worth doing. The Cholla Trail is less crowded and not as steep and Echo Canyon, so I recommend it. Make sure you have a Camelbak (pun!) full of water and good hiking shoes. Leave around sunrise to avoid the crowds (300,000 visitors a year) and stay cool.I have full details of the hike on my blog here:theoutsidelife.com/hikes...If this review helped you at all, PLEASE VOTE THIS REVIEW USEFUL to make sure more Yelp visitors see it and can do the hike. Thanks in advance! And if you have any questions, feel free to message me on Yelp or my website, I'll do my best to help.
5	I've been a valley resident since 2005, and immediately fell in love with hiking shortly after arriving. Having grown up in Michigan we didn't have much in the way of "hiking", so I started small with things like Lookout Mountain, eventually working my way up to Squaw Peak. Camelback intimidated me for YEARS. I always saw the horror stories on the news, and quite honestly it was terrifying. Labor Day weekend 2014, a friend and fellow self proclaimed  'crazy hiker' (we're the ones nearly halfway up the mountain by the time the sun comes up) convinced me to tackle Camelback. We did Echo Canyon and I lived, so we did Cholla a few weeks later. WOW. We got to the trailhead about 20-30 minutes before sunrise, and there were already at least a dozen or more cars parked along Invergordon, so get there EARLY EARLY or prepare yourself for a hike to get to your hike. Also getting there that early puts you high up enough that by the time the sun is poking out you get a spectacular view of it. This is definitely the "easier" side of the mountain, more hiking than climbing until you get near the top. Be careful and watch for loose gravel, I had a few spills due to this and thus gave a blood sacrifice to the Camelback Mountain gods. :) We like to hang out on top for 20 minutes or so to rest up for the trip back down. The top is usually buzzing with people, and annoying little 'hoverbees.' I'm totally addicted to this trail now. I think it's pretty much my favorite in the valley. Don't be dumb though!  Wear the right shoes and bring WATER! Get a full camelpak, don't bring some piddly little 12oz  water bottle ESPECIALLY in the summer. If you're a newbie take it slow, take your time, and when you get to the top enjoy the amazing views you just earned!
4	Go early ! Parking is a pain! The walk is a good pre hike! Pretty intense hike , some steep spots and great views!  Remember smooth means slippery! Thanks John !
