5	Great plumber! fast, efficiant and inexpensive! My toilet was backed-up in a very bad way and we came the day we called him.I definitely reccomend him to anyone who does'nt want to spend a fortune for a clogged toilet.-Skylar and Angie
5	Last month, I had an issue with my toilet. I thought one of my guests had clogged it but I found out, thanks to Freddy, that it was actually a broken valve issue.When I first called Freddy, he was extremely patient with me as I described what I thought was the problem. Even though my phone (or his phone) kept losing reception, we kept a steady connection throughout for about an hour. I was desperate! Even though it was a Saturday afternoon, he came over fairly quickly and took a look at my toilet tank. He realized that the valve had broken, and told me I should get a replacement one. He told me he'd get one immediately a few blocks away, and came back super quickly. He got to work fixing the problem to the point where his arms were all blue because of the stupid clorox drops I had put into the tank. He worked really hard to replace my entire toilet tank (he actually detached it and worked to replace and rework everything inside). After about an hour and a half, he was done. He charged a reasonable price for the job, and I was very happy with the results. I appreciate Freddy's diligence, speed, and friendly personality. I would hire him again next time I have any plumbing concerns. Thanks Freddy! :)
5	Freddy is the business! Let me tell you. I came into work this morning at Novak Salon in Echo Park to a busy Saturday and a clogged toilet. Nothing like ladies coming in to get the hair did and look fine without the option of drinking coffee and going potty. Needless to say it was no bueno. So I called Roto Rooter and they were very ambiguous regarding price and couldn't send anyone out for 2 hours even for an estimate... also no bueno. I googled Freddy, called him up and he was here and the toilet was fixed within the hour for $50. He was quick, professional and absolutely affordable. I will use him now for any of my plumbing needs.
5	If you need a quality plumber for small jobs Freddy is your man!!  Our kitchen faucet broke (cracked internally) and needed replacement ASAP.  Went to Home Depot on a Saturday morning to purchase a Moen pull-out faucet and a sales associate directed me to Home Depot's service department where they connect customers with third party plumbers, electricians, etc.  No plumber in their local network would come out on a Saturday and no sales associate would quote a standard price range for installing a kitchen faucet.  They kept giving me vague ranges from $200 and up.  Keep in mind the Moen faucet was under $200 so paying more for installation just didn't seem right to me.  Very annoying.  The Home Depot service lady said its impossible to get a plumber to come out to you nowadays without charging a minimum $100 just to show up.  Enter Freddy.  As we were standing in line at Home Depot my girlfriend quickly searched her i-phone for local plumbers and after speaking with a few she contacted Freddy.  He was straight forward and easily quoted a more than fair price range of $60 to $90.  This sounded too good to be true but we took a chance anyway.  He showed up at our downtown loft a couple hours later as promised (on a Saturday) and removed the old faucet and installed the new one, all well under an hour.  He also tweaked our recently installed garbage disposal (installed myself) because I forgot to push the switch in to let the dishwasher water line go through the disposal, a trick plumbers know about. Before this trick the dishwasher was emptying into my sink through the overflow valve on top of the sink rather then emptying correctly under the sink through the disposal.   In a few seconds he fixed what I could not figure out with my limited plumbing knowledge and he educated me on the entire process.Speaking with him its obvious he has vast experience on numerous jobs and is a friendly guy looking to make an honest dollar.  He also has a verbal agreement to return and fix anything installed if problems occur within 5 years.  I will use Freddy for any plumbing related projects going forward and HIGHLY recommend him.
2	Freddy is a nice enough guy, well kid. I found out way after the fact that the amount he charged to unclog my kitchen and bathroom drain was astronomical, $150 for about a 30 minute job. Not only this, but he said he would e-mail me an invoice and I've contacted him many times with no response. I doubt he is licensed and without the invoice I am having to eat the cost instead of passing it along to my landlord. I would go with someone else.
5	Freddy is fantastic!  I needed a valve replaced in my toilet so it would flush and called Freddy who arrived within an hour on a Sunday and charged me less than half of what other plumbers were quoting me for a Sunday repair.  He's very honest and reliable...THANK YOU so much for your help today!
1	I'm not sure I got the "Freddy" everyone else is reviewing.  The man who answered my call was very polite, came within the hour, did a good deal of work taking apart drains and the dishwasher to figure out the problem....so far, so good.He first said my problem was due to the Cascade pacs not dissolving properly, which can cause back-up.  That sounds reasonable.  Then he said it was a dishwasher malfunction. Then he thought he got the machine working and went back to original theory.He first quoted under $100, then when he was finished it was $150. I understand that being that he took apart quite a bit in the kitchen. I went to write the check and he asks to have it made out to his name...which isn't Freddy (so is that going to him or the company...is this legit?) and then he asks for cash instead.  What company does business cash only?  He then informs me he has to cash the check at my bank because he's "in between banks" (hmmm???). He calls me from the bank and says he needs an alternate form of payment because he can't cash the check at my bank since he's not a member there.  I don't know of any bank that will let you cash a check there unless you have an account with them.  This was a 2 hour ordeal that did not seem to be good business practice.He says he will email the invoice.Tried using the dishwasher today and it is still flashing "intake drain" and not going through the cycle since the water is stuck in the bottom of the dishwasher....meaning it's not fixed.
5	Freddy came over and installed hot and cold water to an outdoor bath tub for us. He is by far the best plumber we have ever used. Not only did he do a great job, but he was VERY reasonably priced compared to other quotes we got, and he stuck to his original estimate even though the job ended up taking up most of his day. Our house is located up over 100 Stairs, and finding a plumber who is willing to come to our house can be tough. Freddy came out on a Saturday, and arrived at the exact time we had planned on. He was really easy to talk to and was able to explain the whole process to us before he began. Because we had a really specific idea of how we wanted the pipes to hook up to the tub, Freddy would check in with us at every step and make sure he was doing it how we wanted, even though some of it made his job much more difficult than it had to be. We will be calling him for all of our plumbing needs in the future.If you are looking for a highly skilled, reasonably priced plumber then Freddy is your guy!
5	Freddy came to fix the garbage disposal. He quickly replaced it with new one. The price was reasonable and he was a very nice guy. Highly recommend him.
5	step 1: Identify the problemstep 2: Fix the problemstep 3: Double check the problem is absolutely fixed.step 4: Charge a fair priceThat pretty much describes Freddy's tact. If you are looking for a plumber, give him a call. Even on a Sunday morning.
5	Had a great experience with Freddy's plumbing. Not only was Freddy extremely polite and patient while helping us find the cause of our clogged sink, but he charged us a very fair price. Would definitely recommend him to anyone looking for a plumber.
5	So I stupidly lost  a family charm down the drain at 9:30 PM, I call around and the other plumbers want me to hang around from 9am-1pm or 1pm-5pm, but me like everyone else out there has a job that they really can't/shouldn't miss.I call Freddy at 9:30PM and he nicely agrees to show up that night to help me retrieve this pendant.  He arrives promptly around 10, fixes the problem, I find my charm to my relief.  He charged me exactly what he quoted over the phone, much cheaper than the other places I called who wouldn't come till tomorrow.  By tomorrow my charm could be floating in the Pacific Ocean (realistically it would be under the building roting for eternity with the mutant goldfishes, alligators, and what not).   Overall, it was quick, and convenient.  I would recommend Freddy to others.
5	We had a water leak underneath the house and I contacted Freddy one late evening to check it out.  He was able to diagnose the root cause right away and the water leak was fixed and repaired the following morning.  Reasonably priced and good service.
5	freddy's plumbing responds quickly to my calls and fixes the problem without charging you an arm and two legs.  his prices are fair!  he is also polite and tactful.  he did not take advantage of my parents that are both elderly.  i recently had a water heater blow out ...freddy gave me different options on how we can fix the problem.  he even helped me pick out a reasonably priced brand new water heater at home depot.  within the day, he was able to replace my water heater and declogged one of my bathroom sink.  he is the ultimate best plumber in town!  if you want a prompt, great, and reasonably priced plumbing service, give freddy a call!
5	Freddy got the job done quickly and at a fair rate. Called him on a Sunday afternoon and he was promptly over and was able to clear my kitchen sink drains in about 30 minutes. He didn't try to upsell me on any fixes I didn't need and was upfront about his estimates. I would definitely would call him again.
5	I called Freddy, who was recommended by a friend, to come out in late on a weeknight to fix the water heater in my rental unit after the other plumber I had out in the afternoon completely botched the job.  He stopped at home depot on the way over to get the parts he needed and fixed the problem quickly and charged a very reasonable price.  He actually charged 4 times less than the other plumber I had out in the afternoon and actually fixed the problem.  We didn't get the water heater started that night because it was still flooded, but he came out early the next morning and we got it started right up.  I would highly recommend Freddy, he saved me.
5	I had my sink clog up and tried everything to fix it, a no go. I called up Freddy's Plumbing and he was here in no time! To my surprise the clog was way down the wall pipeline and there was no way all my struggling was going to fix it. He was quick and very knowledgable, prices were great too, a very stand up guy! Give him a call you wont be disappointed!
5	Living up Sunset plaza dr and the hills has given me my fair share of plumbing issues. Additionally we all know in this industry of home maintenance you're more than likely to get ripped off. With this in mind I always approach every plumber with extreme caution. One morning I woke up to find out I had a drain that needed snaking, and fast. Three plumbers flaked then they wanted time and a half for the job. Strange how they say i'll be there 3pm and when they dont call or show up, they the tell you its gonna be almost double, So once again i went to yelp, I called freddy's plumbing, he answered my call and i explained my issue and what his price at this time of night. he responded i  dont charge more then my hourly rate anytime day or night. He was at my house within the hour and had the job done within 10 minutes, at a great deal I might add for 8pm at night. He then inspected my leaking water heater that needed to be replaced AND gave me a deal 50% cheaper then three other written estimates i had gotten that week. So the very next day freddy not only picked up the water-heater and brought it to my house, he then unloaded it and prep't it then noticed something i thought to be insignificant tint mark and dingson a couple places on the water-heater, Freddy was like know i'll go back to home-depot and exchange it for another one, AT NO CHARGE FOR THAT EITHER. after replacing my water-heater, i then directed him to my Kitchen sink rather my garbage disposal that needed to be replaced, but first i had asked freddty  what he thought, I didn't say anything about the last three estimates for my water heater also gave me an estimate for my sink issue, and they all said you've got to replace it. five minutes later it was fixed not leaking and working like new as well the next day he called me and gave me great advice as to how to deal with a sediment problem I had in some of my faucets both at no charge. i did tip hime a $100 dollars. Bottom line, he was courteous, professional, affordable, and most importantly, honest. I will be sure to call him again and recommend him to anyone who needs an honest plumber. Thanks Freddy, I never thought drain repair could be a positive experience!
5	As a business owner(of a salon), I have worked with several plumbers over the last 5 years. In Los Angeles I have dealt with drunk plumbers(during the day!), late arrivals(waited over 2 hrs), and flat out lies that ended up costing me way too much money. Freddy answers his phone, is polite, prompt and knowledgeable. He fixed the mess a previous plumber made and charged me a very fair price. The next time I called, he was just as helpful as before. I will be using his services from now on. It's GREAT to find a professional you can trust!!
5	Location: Western and palos verdes drive north.Great service and great price! Most importantly they fixed the issue. What more can you ask for...I will defiantly use them again and recommend them too my friend and family.
5	I had a nightmarish clog in my daughter's tub. She lost some zoobles down the drain. Freddy was pretty close to the end of his day and he took my call in the late afternoon, He was in my house wrestling with my tub for at least two hours later the same evening.. He never got frustrated and never stopped being a professional. He got my tub flowin' again.This was about 10pm. He is my plumber from now on.
5	Freddy was great.  I will continue to use him for all of my plumbing needs.  His prices are lower than the big chains and he is more professional and more knowledgeable.
4	Just had heater lighter repaired on my rental.  Fast and on time.   Give quote and performed as promised.  Will use again.   Only issue was that he is not accepting credit cards.   Had to deposit check at Bank.
5	Overall I was happy with the quick service I received from Freddie.  I had a leaking backflow valve.  He didn't have the part available so he quickly went to the supply store and got what was needed.  I wasn't at the house so he took pictures with his phone to send me the before and after.  My only complaint is that he was not able to take my credit card on the day of the transaction.  He said he normally does but was in the process of getting a new reader.
5	Freddy is a super nice guy!  He came to my property and diagnosed my garbage disposal problem as not being broken but just needing to be loosened up from a jam.  He didn't charge for the "fix".  In general his pricing is very reasonable (I asked him for some estimates for things I'll be doing in the future) and he gets back to you quickly.  Recommend!
5	I called on the morning of my problem and they were ready to get started as soon as i needed them to. The plumber was very nice and showed extreme professionalism after he was done by leaving my bathroom looking better then he had found it. I would highly recommend this plumber. They did not over charge me and gave me a 6 month warranty. WOW!
5	Boom. Freddy was great! Specifics? Ok. Showed up quickly, gave me multiple options to solve my issue. This guy even gave me advice and some help dealing with my sprinkler system that I was in the process of installing. What?! Then, get this, cares so much that he texted me later in the day to ask if everything was still functioning properly. What else could he have done? Cooked dinner I guess. Lazy.
1	Was quoted 40 dollars to unclog a sink and 60 dollars to unclog a bath tub. When he shows up the price changes to 150 total cash only. He was there a total of  45 minutes and there was nothing difficult or unusual to justify the price change...never again...
5	I needed to replace some sinks and I was in a time-crunch. I decided to call Freddy after reading his Yelp reviews and I'm so glad that I did. He showed up on time and was very courteous and professional. I didn't have time to go out and buy the new sinks and faucets, so he went and got them and brought back a receipt. He kept in communication with me the entire time so I knew what he needed to buy and he didn't make a purchase until I OK'd it. It took him about 2 hours to install two new sinks and they look great! Freddy really knows what he's talking about, and I'm happy to support his business.
5	Freddy was extremely skilled, knowledgable and funny. My water heater needed replacing and he came out immediately. I had to leave for a few minutes and felt comfortable leaving him at my home. I came back and boom.. Had a new working water heater. The price was very reasonable as well! Will definitely call again for future fixes
1	I have couple rental units.  One tenant mentioned that the water heater pilot went out.  Call the gas company.  They say the unit needs a new lighting device.  Called Freddie Plumbing.  Since the unit was only 2 years old, the staff suggested changing the lighter.  He also mentioned that the unit was not installed correctly, and corrected the improper install for additional charges.  I was not on site.  I tried to pay with my credit card, he said his credit card machine was down. End up depositing a check at his bank.   I ask him for receipt, he said he'll mail it.  Never mail the receipt.  And I thought problem solve.  I even give him a good review on Yelp.  Wrong.   Three months later, a new tenant move in.   The gas company guy came out and tried to light the water heater.  No go.  Surprisingly, the gas guy put a do not use red tag on the unit stating that the install was done incorrectly and unsafe to use.  Upon closer examination, the old lighting device is gone.   Face cover is gone too.  The Freddie's staff just strip everything.  The only way to light the unit now is to do it the old fashion way using a long match.   I though no problem, call Freddy Plumbing.  After all he had 28 reviews and many positive remarks.  Wrong.  I have the new tenant try to arrange Freddie's Plumbing to address the issue.  They say they never service the house.  WTF.  I have a copy of the cancel check.  B.S. I tried to call Freddie Plumbing, myself.  No one is there to pick up the phone.  I don't know what's going on, but I am very disappointed.  I though I had a good plumber for the Norther Phoenix area. End up going with Proskill in Anthem.  He is going to replace the unit for $600 installed.  I should have done this in the first place.
5	This was hands-down the best experience I've ever had with a plumber: if Yelp had 6 stars, I'd give it.The wife and I woke up, went through our morning routine, and wound up with not one but TWO flooded bathrooms. It turns out that we had two problems: a clogged pipe to the street flooded one toilet, and the other had a broken wax seal that leaked out onto the floor. Freddy showed up in less than an hour, was friendly and talked me through our problems, had everything he needed to get the job done, and offered a very reasonable price for the fix. The whole time he worked he walked me through everything he was doing. I came away feeling like I learned something from the experience, so it wasn't just a chore.I called a couple other plumbers, and I was told that it would be $40 just to show up and the that they couldn't come until the next day. They need to realize that Freddy's Plumbing is the way service should be.
5	Great experience with Freddy today when my hot water heater went out. As I'd suspected, it was just beyond its years, but Freddy still checked it out to make sure there wasn't something we could do to repair it.  I'd checked on replacement prices through a big box home repair place and they wanted significantly more to replace the heater.  Freddy was in and out in just a few hours, and I'm very happy with the price I got and the new water heater. I'll be calling him for any future plumbing needs.
5	Freddy fixed an issue with my hot water tank and everything works great.  I found his service to be reliable, affordable and quick.  I felt like he knew his work well and that I can trust his opinion and guidance.  Would definitely work with again!
5	Freddy's pluming came out to fix a clogged sink. After he left we had another drip problem from underneath the sink. They came back the next day and totally re piped the system free of charge. Great service and follow up from these guys. Very happy we called Freddy's!
5	Great service- home service within 2 hours on a Saturday.
5	I had a problem with my drainage pipes, toilets overflowing. I called Freddy at 10pm  texted him my address and he was at my house within 20min.   Freddy was nice, professional, fast, clean, and very reasonable with his price.  I hope you hire him. You will NOT  be disappointed.
4	We had been told that the water pressure was too high in our home. I called Freddy and he quoted a reasonable price. And while it wasn't an urgent issue, he was at our home in 45 minutes. He worked with the pressure regulator and discovered it was adjusted as low as it could be.  The regulator would have to be replaced to do its job properly, but Freddy had an inexpensive work around to carry us until we are ready to have it installed.  While he was here he also answered several additional questions, and provided helpful information for irrigation work we need to do in the back yard.  He was professional, polite, honest about our options and very helpful. I don't like to give 5 stars unless I have a more extensive experience with a service, but I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Freddy, and we will be calling him for plumbing work we know we will need to have done in the future. Thanks, Freddy!
5	Freddy came over to my house within a few hours of my call and fixed the problem quite fast.  From previous experience with other plumbers, I believe the price was reasonable.  He had to dig right down into the roots of a Saguaro cactus to get to the pipe then he ran to the store to get the exact part needed.  I would recommend him for any pvc pipe issues.  He went the extra mile to wash down the work area afterwards so you didn't hardly know he had been there.
5	An actual good plumber...In the process of moving, SW Gas said they couldn't turn on the water heater in our new place due to a bad install and potential CO leak.  Calling plumbers, we came across a bunch that made you feel as if you should be grateful to do business with them... on their lazy schedule... and with the privilege of paying them just to visit the West Valley.  And boy, could they sell you a bnch of other things you "need".Finally Yelp'd it and we found Freddy's Plumbing.  George came out in the morning, fixed the issues in a few hours, and cleaned up haphazard venting/piping into the ceiling while he was at it.  Things look textbook, now.  We were able to move in and have hot water.  Price was in the range of the original estimate and was very reasonable.  Couldn't ask for anything more...
5	Five stars for Freddy of Fox Plumbing!First let me tell you my father was a general contractor so I can be and will be more critical about service people than most.  I've watched the work be done.  I've seen the people who took pride in what they did and how they worked.  As my Dad's one man clean up crew, I didn't appreciate a slob to clean up after either!  (This gentleman certainly wasn't that.)Now, my evaluation of Freddy from Fox plumbing.  I had him do work on a Friend's"s rental.  He received almost perfect fives from all the people from yelp who reviewed him.  They said the kinds of things I would want to hear if I was doing the work myself.  Still, my contact with him first was over the phone and I wasn't going to be there when he was doing the work, so i was concerned.  As it turned out, I was able to meet Freddy and watch him work a few minutes but didn't expect to.  He's polite, can explain what he's doing in terms you can understand, and works clean.  That's a nice combination in a service individual.Freddy was able to do all I asked him to do, plus he picked up on some issues that would be problems in the future.  I don't know about you but I would rather spend a little money now than bigger money later.  That's what a true professional does for you!Do take advantage of the special voucher that can save you $55.  I had never heard of a yelp deal before, have you?  You go to his website and you will see the following...it's worth it.   One more reason to consider using Fox Plumbing.Buy a Yelp DealBuy a Gift Certificate$95 for $150 Deal at Fox PlumbingA voucher redeemable for $150 at Fox Plumbing.Print out your voucher, or redeem on your phone with the Yelp app.Promotion lasts for 1 year from date of purchase. After that period, your voucher is redeemable for the amount you paid, less any value you may have received. Not valid with other vouchers, certificates, or offers. Only 1 voucher(s) can be purchased and redeemed per person. Up to 3 can be purchased as gifts for others. Subject to the General Terms.
5	We got Freddy's name through a friend when we had problems with our kitchen sink...the job was way more than we thought.  He came back in the evening to finish so we could have use of the kitchen.  His rates were very fair, his work was thorough, and he did a great job cleaning up after his work.  I feel very lucky to have come across his name and would choose him 100x over any of the big names.  Freddy is trustworthy and his work is solid!
5	Excellent Yelp Choice.I called when my toilet began to flow backwards (Yikes!),    he came 30 minutes later, took his time and fixed my problem.Clean work, quick and efficient without being rushed.Can't go  wrong with Fox Plumbing.  Thanks for the help.
5	We were re-stuccoing the house and pieced a copper pipe in a difficult place to repair. Freddy arrived within the hour and promptly repaired it. Very professional and courteous. Thank you Freddy!
5	Weekend Emergency.  Freddy was there in a couple of hours and price was very reasonable considering the circumstances.  Don't waste your money calling the Roto Rooters of the world.  Call Freddy's.  We will again.
5	Toilet in bath #3 had been running slow to nothing over past couple weeks. Backing up into adjacent tub. Repeated plunging would keep us limping along.Sunday morning, call Freddy Fox at 0830. He is cordial, arranges to be there no later than 0930 at a probable price of $150. Shows up 15 minutes early. Initially considers pulling toilet to snake, but tries first the pressure blaster method. Has a little success. Notes that blasted debris in bathtub is sandy and has fine rusted iron. We discuss potential for line break or collapse. Convinces me that collapse would have different characteristics.Check other toilet/shower #2 on same drain line. Nothing anomalous. Runs hose into old-style cleanout outside house (two way cleanout). Gets hose in about 50'. Lets it run and goes back to #3 bath. Decides to try snaking line via bathtub overflow. Snake only 35' long, it's probably 100' to cleanout. No particular difference.  Switch back to pressure blaster at #3 tub. This time, seems to have an impact.Check #2 bath, toilet was not sealed to floor, significant amount of water came out and made a mess in that bath. Clog has moved streetward. Keep running water and one more blast. Now all #2 and #3 baths are working well. Freddy then cleans up the messes, and after drying around #2 toilet, caulks to prevent future leakage around base. Rolls up hose, makes sure that everything is working properly.Final price is $150, cash, check or charge. As an earlier reviewer noted, check was made out to a third party, Charles Williams Plumbing.I am very happy with Freddy's performance, his ability to look at the problem creatively, and would recommend him to all.
5	Five stars for Freddy from Fox Plumbing.   We had a stopped up toilet AND a stopped up kitchen sink yesterday.  I sent out a shout from my facebook account, a text to friends and looked on Yelp - that's where I found Freddy.  I did receive 5 numbers from friends to call at 4:30pm yesterday - Freddy was the only one to call me back.  He told me upfront what I would expect to pay for two lines to be cleaned out and then kept me in the loop via text as to where he was and when we could expect his arrival.  It was reassuring that he'd come right away and told me the late evening wouldn't cause my price to jump!  I had been concerned that the holiday timing may be problematic as to getting someone out.  Not to worry with Fox Plumbing.He arrived at the door at 7:15pm and we quickly ushered our dog into one of the kids room.  Not that Freddy didn't want to meet our beloved pet, it just works out better for him to be able to come and go for tools and not have our happy hound sniffing around while he works.  Freddy went straight to work.  In matter of minutes our toilet was fixed and then began the work on our kitchen sink.  This is where the whole family joined in to watch the fun!  Freddy was knowledgeable and personable during the entire experience.  He explained the why and shared secrets to keeping those pipes clean.  He cleaned up along the way and we enjoyed getting to know him.  You gotta love a guy who can hold his own with a family of 5 chatting, gawking and peppering him with lots of whys... Before he headed out the door - he double checked the toilet, the sink and the garbage disposal.  He emailed me a receipt for my landlord and said to call if we need anything else.  After he left we decided that Freddy is our go to guy for any future plumbing needs.
5	Freddy and Bruce came out to replace a 15 year old water heater we had in our home we just purchased.  He quoted a price that was half as much as Home Depot, and was very professional and prompt with a very difficult water heater replacement.  My wife and I found a new Go-To Plumber!!  He even took the time to explain to me the process of taking out an old water heater, and installing a new one, and answered every question I had in regards to the heating elements and functionality of the heater.  Very impressed!
1	Fix a bathroom water faucet drip.  Left and it started leaking all over My furniture piece bathroom sink.  Called him and he said he was going out of town.  I waited for 6 days for him to return...had to call him and he promised to come out to fix it...nope never happened.  More excuses.  Called again ( now 10 days later)...again another promise to come out...I stated I would stop the check he had already cashed and he got angry and hung up.  Unprofessional.  I called another plumber and it was fixed correctly the first time.  Not only was the drip not fixed but he was rude & unprofessional.  I do not recommend him.
5	Freddy from Fox plumbing is a good as they come. Had the best prices, perfect timely  work and is very friendly and nice. Came all the way out to Goodyear from Phoenix. Was in contact with me the whole time he was on his way out to our house and didn't mind all the questions I was asking him while he was working. Stayed on task the whole time and did an amazing job installing out new shower faucet set. I will be referring Freddy to everyone I know and he will be my plumber for LIFE ! ! ! Thank you Freddy.........
5	I called Fred on a Saturday with an emergency at one of my buildings.  He was at the building in 30 minutes and solved the problem within an hour.  Great plumber, reasonable prices.  Highly recommended!
1	Well, I thought I had a great experience initially.  Freddy came out and fixed a leaky valve cartridge on a Saturday rather quickly.  I paid him that day, and an invoice was dropped off on our door as requested a few days later.  We've had no real issues since then.The problem lies in issues with trying to get reimbursed from my home warranty company.  The invoice provided doesn't have his license or bond number listed on it.  When going to fill out the necessary paperwork, I realized that this was required by my home warranty.  I didn't really sweat that fact since I had gotten quick replies from him via text.  Well, less than 3 weeks after the work is done, the phone number listed on this page, his invoice and his web page (all the same number) appear to no longer belong to him.  The young lady who exchanged texts with me seemed very confused.  Without any way to contact Freddy whatsoever, I feel the need to give a one star review.  Should Freddy contact me and get this resolved quickly, I'll have no problem updating this.Without contact from Freddy, I'm likely out a couple hundred dollars for reimbursement.
5	Wow this was unreal service.  Freddy came within 15 min of my call. Very personal and professional.  So it's 118 degrees today and the job was way more than expected. He busted his a-s on our roof for 2+ hours.  He didn't even take a break.  We gave him like 8 bottles of water because we were worried about him getting heat stress.  You very rarely get hardcore service like this.  Outstanding job to Freddy and I will recommend him to anyone needing plumbing service.
2	I had a bitter sweet experience with Freddy. He was able to come in almost immediately. And he installed the hot water heater. Although since he operates solo, you might have to help him with some heavy lifting. In my 30's that was not a problem but if you can't lift weights you might want to think twice or ask him to bring a helper.Originally we agreed on a price of 575 dollars(for everything). However, because he said he will have to pay transaction cost of 3% for credit cards, I upped the total to 600(400 dollars on card) bucks. We also agreed that I will pay him 200 dollars in advance(once he starts the job). After he was done I asked him to install 4 hand spray's. He proposed 40 bucks but then settled for 30 dollars. His power reciprocating saw gave up during the job so he had to cut through the existing copper pipes manually. Even still, he finished the job in about 70 minutes. Even at 120 bucks, this is a fair price. Considering, he was already there on the job and did not have to make an additional trip. But he decided to charge me at 35 a pop instead for a total of 140.Gave him the card and he ran the car for 49.25 dollars more than we agreed. I asked him for a receipt but he told me since it was a manually keyed in amount he couldn't print one up.I do have his handwritten invoice on me. On the invoice he did have 30 bucks originally which he struck out and made 35 for the hand spray. For the rest he put 35 dollars. For the heater he put 600 and put 200 dollars in advance. Even if you go by his numbers he was supposed to charge me 540 dollars on the card(Although we had agreed on 520 bucks) but instead he charged me 569.25.I called him and he said he it must be the credit card machine that tacked on processing charges and he will send me a check for the extra cost. Its been more than 3 weeks but I still have to see a check in the mail. He has not responded to my messages to him either. Bottomline:He is available on short notice. He did a reasonable job(although he did say you do not need a drip pan under the heater. No No No. Don't take his advice on it. A drip pan is an insurance against hot water heater leaks which could result in thousands of bucks of savings if you ever have a leak).However, do NOT trust him with your credit card. You are better off paying with cash. In my case it resulted in an ~50 dollars additional charge. It is still possible that he is planning on sending me a check but has not gotten around to it yet. If I see the check from him I will up my rating to 4 stars.4 stars for service.1 star for honesty.
5	Great service!  Freddy's came out to fix the toilet tank which was leaking.  They came quick and solved the problem even faster. A+
5	Recently had to call Freddy out to my business for some issues in the bathroom.  Freddy was polite, prompt, reasonably priced, and fixed the problem with no problems at all.  He even pointed out a couple other things in the store that could be causing some problems in the future, and fixed for them next to nothing. I would absolutely recommend Freddy to anyone and would use him again for my home and my business.  5 stars, A++++  Thanks Freddy
1	Fox Plumbing is a one-man operation - George, aka "Freddy".  We had a leaking toilet and sink. Toilet was an easy fix. Sink was fixed but not with a matching part, not much choice at that point since it was already done when I saw it. Ruined one of the tiles on my floor with some type of sealant because he did not properly cover the floor-work area. Was supposed to come back and replace bath fixture but didn't, and did not return my call or text. You've been warned.
5	I had an issue with plumbing and did needed it fixed that evening.  Service was quick (only had an hour window) an problem was fixed quickly.  I definitely recommend Freddy Fox Rooter
5	Freddy came to my home today and did a FANTASTIC job. He was prompt, professional and courteous. He even went above and beyone what I asked...5-stars all the way. Thank you Freddy and we'll see you again the next time we have any plumbing problems.- Sean
5	Freddy is diligent I had several problems. 2 leaking hose bibs fixed quickly, replacing a few older sink faucets with new ones and swapping one . Freddy had some minor problems here( he was able to repair a damaged regulator in the shower which saved me $) due to the age of the equip but the job worked out perfectly. Final job was a leaking shower which i was hoping hadnt caused a  black mold situation behind the wall. He rebuilt and replaced the parts and trim and its dry and looked brand new now. Good Job  Id recommend him and use him again  Ken C
5	I selected Freddy to work on my place based on his previous reviews and this was my experience...I had a lot going on in my home.  It is an old place, but well built, so I like living here. The pipes and plumbing fixtures were on the fritz due to decades of use.  I called Freddy and he got back to me fast.  He came out and did a gave me the best estimate.  He replaced shower valve stems that were 25 years old, a shower head, drain, kitchen sink faucet, a leak in the bathroom sink, and a leaky water hose that connected to my ice maker on my new newer refrigerator.  He showed up on time one week later and got the job done.  The jobs seemed simple, but problems occurred due to an ancient quirky plumbing system.  Freddy was so patient and kept working and problem solving until the job was done.  I talked with Freddy and found out that construction was his family's business.  He took on plumbing as a speciality and opened his shop.  He has great service and i am happy to recommend him.  I have had other plumbers work on my place and he is by the far the most pleasant, professional, and affordable.  You can read this review  and then call Freddy with confidence that you will get a fair price and great service!
5	Pleasure to work with. Called Freddy 2pm . He was at my house to repair the water control valve by 4pm. The work was done accurately and efficiently. He offered free advise on future maintaince. Highly recommended.  Will not hesitate to use again.
5	We were looking for a plumber in our area and saw Freddy's good reviews on Yelp. He was able to come fix our clogged tub last-minute, within just a few hours of us calling him. He did a great job and our tub drains perfectly now. :) Highly recommended!
5	11/25/2013I found Freddy to work on my bathroom because of what I'd read about him on here.  I had a stubborn clog in my sink and my landlord had tried unsuccessfully to clear it, only making it worse.  The entire bathroom was flooded and I wanted it done and over with.  I called and texted Freddy and he got back to me immediately to setup the appointment.  When he arrived he gave me a clear estimate.  He ended up needing to replace the piping from the sink to the wall.  He was on time and pleasant and straightforward to work with.  I had bad service from handymen in the past and Freddy was a refreshing change of luck.  I would definitely use him again.
5	The reviews left by the elites were very accurate. Freddy did a great job. I had difficulty contacting my family plumber so I read through yelp reviews of plumbers. I had very bad results going with the corporate operations before so I was looking for a privately owned plumber.Freddy showed up within two hours of me calling. He quoted me a 2-3 hour wait. He assessed the situation within a few minutes while making polite conversation. He is very personable. He cleared the clog and spent some time cleaning up. I was actually super impressed by the cleaning he did. I hadn't seen the fixtures pop like that! I live in a historical home and am particular about who works on it. He will be my go to plumber. I'm VERY happy with his work.
5	My kitchen sink has been clogged.  I called George Brazil because they have an A+ rating with the better business bureau.  The guy came out and looked at it and said it would cost $445.98 . I balked at this but he told me I had to pay the tip fee anyway so I agreed.  Then he said he could not do it and quoted an additional $1128 for jet rodding.  He said there was nothing else he could do.  When it he left my drain had gone from being very slow to totally clogged.  I then looked a Yelp and decided to try Freddie because he said he would not charge if he was not successful  I had nothing to loose.  He came out with in an hour on a Friday night. He totally rooted out the drain that the other guy said was not possible.  He then did a and extra from of jet rodding. for way less than the the other guy had ever mentioned.  This guy should go far.  He is honest, hard working and personable.  Thank you.
5	Freddy is a great go-to plumber for any issue you have in your home. He's professional, prompt and fair in price. We found a leak one morning that extended under our sink and caused a messy dirty water pool in our bathroom. We called our landlord who contacted Freddy and Freddy was at our doorstep within 20 minutes, and on a SUNDAY!!  He was personable and pleasant and remained calm with our two very crazy and boisterous dogs. His assessment took only a few minutes and he came back Monday morning to replace two toilets in our apartment. Freddy was awesome and completed two new installs in only a few hours. Our bathrooms now look pristine, and even better, our toilets flush without causing water damage! In additional he did a quick fix on a leaky shower faucet and replaced a nozzle on the outside spigot. We were incredibly impressed with his work, field knowledge and prompt service.  We will certainly be calling him for any future plumbing dilemmas. Highly recommended!!
5	Freddy came during the window which he quoted was very friendly and polite. He explained what was causing our backup and how he was going to fix it. He charged fair pricing. We mentioned another issue we were having and he offered to take care of that for us at a discount since he had the parts in his truck already. He was quick with his work but seemed very thorough. He cleaned up after himself and we would definitely use his services again. A+
5	I've had Freddy Fox Plumbing out to my home two times and had good experiences both times. I live in an old house with o-o-o-o-old plumbing and strange fixtures. Thankfully, he is not fazed by it and is always able to get the job done. I love being able to text him a problem, send him a picture, and speak to him within minutes about what needs to be done and the estimated cost. He always responds quickly and is usually available day of, or the next day (I called other plumbers and they gave me and estimated 3 week wait time!). He does weekend appointments, night appointments, and always tries to get out as quickly as possible. He repaired a drip in my shower, unclogged a bathroom sink that had been tormenting me for months, and also redid the plumbing under the bathroom sink. He even installed a stopper in the sink, free of charge! He is tidy and polite and always makes sure to clean up any mess so that I'm not stuck with it. He is also willing to work with different budgets. I received several different quotes from plumbers and he was willing to match the lowest quote. This shows me he wants my business and is willing to match prices to be more competitive if need be. His preferred method of payment seems to be cash or check, so I'd recommend you have your checkbook handy for when he comes over. Overall really good experiences with Freddy Rooter/Freddy Fox Plumbing...and I'm thrilled to have my guest bathroom in working condition again!
5	We had a problem with our sump pump in our basement ever since we moved into our house 3 months ago. Freddy actually fixed our problem and made our pump more efficient instead of fixing our problem short term. I would highly recommend Freddy and appreciate his help!
5	Since I can't do two reviews on Yelp, I am re-doing my original review. This is the second time Freddy comes to my house and works his you-know-what off to fix my plumbing problem. This guy has a great work ethic, is extremely professional and has reasonable rates to boot. Until he retires, he is my plumber.
5	Freddy was great. I had a clogged kitchen sink and he came out the same day. While he was here I decided to have him change out the filters in my  water purification system. He quickly located the parts and returned and finished up both jobs. He was courteous, efficient and left the area under the sink cleaner than when he arrived. I will definitely call him for future plumbing problems.
5	Freddie showed right up! Apparently my clogged bathtub was no easy chore... But he worked and worked and fixed it. He was polite, tidy, and nice to my kids who kept wanting to know what was going on. I'm very pleased.
5	We were out to dinner and a movie and our son called Freddy (off his Yelp reviews) when our all weekend long funky plumbing finally stopped working!   Freddy arrived within an hour- on a Sunday night, he was prompt, professional and did a great job cleaning out our lines and even tried to fix one of our old toilets that was running.  I would not hesitate to recommend Freddy he did a fantastic job.
5	I have used Freddie Fox Rooter twice now..at my home and my rental. He did an outstanding job with both! Thank you for all your hard work Freddie. If you need an excellent plumber call Freddie.
5	A different plumber dropped by my house to evaluate a corroded water line into our historic Phoenix home.  He promised that he would email me an estimate the next day, but he completely forgot about the job.  After I called that plumber back a couple of weeks later, he gave me a high quote with very little detail.  I called Freddy for a second opinion.  He showed up that evening and gave us three options, all of which were less expensive (and less invasive) than the quote from the other plumber. We gave him the green light and he finished the job the next day.  We encountered a clog in one sink as a side effect of the repair, but we were able to quickly fix it after Freddy answered his phone at 9pm to answer our question.
5	Prompt service, friendly and knowledgable. Will definitely use again for future plumbing needs
5	Freddy Rooter came to our (historic) home to fix a systemic clog that was affecting our kitchen sink, dish washer, and laundry washing machine. The plumber who came out did so on a Sunday evening, identified the problem quickly, and fixed it within an hour. The price was decent ($150).If I could, I would post a rating of 4.5. The appointment process could use some fine-tuning. The time changed from Sunday afternoon, to Monday morning, to Sunday evening.Overall, great job. I was pleased with the service in the end and would definitely recommend Freddy Rooter to my neighbors. The plumber who arrived had lots of experience in our neighborhood.
1	Freddy quoted us $2000 for the exact same work that a plumber recommended by a colleague ended up doing for less than $400.
5	We really needed someone to come out and help us fix our bath tub faucet, it snapped off (thanks to my girls) and Freddy came to fix it, after 8 pm! Wow, so thankful, he was very kind and helped us out tremendously! I would definitely recommend him. Thanks again!
2	I had a water pressure regulator installed yesterday and it is leaking like a sieve. Trying to get a time commitment for the repair is like pulling teeth! Here I sit with a LEAKING pipe and a possible arrival time of tomorrow morning .... To be continuedUpdate: Freddy did come back out that night and fix the problem.
5	My home is up for sale and everything seems to be going through, the buyer loves it... inspection went great and so did the appraisal now the only thing left is that they're going to be scoping the drains...this worried me so I called Freddie-fox to pre empt any eventual problems.and fox was here in a heartbeat.Fox  snaked the drains as we exchanged war stories about the life of contractors.his service was professional and he was very polite with fair pricing I would definitely recommend him and would use him again .Thanks Fox, don't forget to buy yourself that thermal imaging camera :)Note to Monica y. Who gave Freddie-fox only two stars.Your review ends with "Update:fox came out the same night and fixed the problem"To me that's 5star service.. You might wana consider "updating" your star rating also.
5	Professional reliable service couldn't ask for better.I was putting my house up for sale and found out that they might be scoping the drains so as a preventive measure I called Freddie Fox router to have them come and clean out everything went great and Fox even explain to me how they went about cleaning out drains using his snake. five stars thanks Fox
5	Freddy Fox is in demand.  He kept getting delayed from Saturday to Sunday, but that's understandable.  We called him on a Friday night at 8:30pm. Today Sunday, he still has two more appointments to go this afternoon!. He presents very well - - is HIGHLY PROFESSIONAL and dressed crisply.  He is fit and trim.  We're retired Air Force officers, so we appreciate tradesmen who are courteous and in good physical condition.  Freddy diagnosed the clog, and then had to go to Ace Hardware (closed), then Home Depot to purchase the replacement wax ring.  We've owned our own home inspection company for the past 18 years, so my husband (the chief inspector) is very picky.  Now he will be recommending Freddy Fox whenever asked.  GREAT JOB, FREDDY!  (PS - We also had two young grandchildren screaming in the background, but Freddy never missed a beat!)
5	Freddy did an incredible job.  It took him 5 trips over 2 weeks to fix my drainage issue.  He worked his tail off - dig holes, 3 different rooters, working in the heat for hours.  I haven't confirmed but suspect that he is the best value in the Valley.  His personality and work ethic are top notch.  I was very comfortable leaving my wife and kids with him.  He did such a good job that we have no issues after the big rain storm.  I would highly recommend him to anyone!
5	Update from my previous review back in August, it's been 3 mos now and we have not had any problems with our regulator and are very pleased. I have since referred Freddy to my cousin and he did an outstanding job and she is VERY pleased.
5	Don't waste your time with the other results, if you need the job done ASAP call Freddy Fox Rooter. I've had trouble getting someone on the line all weekend to check out my water heater and he not only answered the phone but came out on down time just to bail me out. Easily my new goto for any other work I need done. You the real MVP, Freddy Fox.
