5	Wonderful fresh food and the nicest ladies you would ever want to serve you!  Love the soups and the fruit cookie is to die for!  Tell them MaryLou in San Diego sent you!  Visit the cute Rubber stamp store next door while you're there!  Hi guys!
4	Despite this restaurants shabby location and exterior it was actually darn good.It's grouped together in courtyard setting with a few other shops.I ordered a half sandwich (ham, Havarti, cucumber, mixed greens and honey mustard on whole grain) and the soup of the day (corn chowder) served with a cookie of my choice for dessert $6.95 not bad!Now this is a small place, cute and cottagy ,hence the name, one waitress and one cook. I had a view of the kitchen and watched this lady that was not unlike my own mother  prepare each order with loving care. Everything tastes better when Mom makes it right?My food arrived after a short wait, the sandwich was generously filled and the bread tasted possibly homemade it was thick and tender, the soup was piping hot but just right to eat and was also delicious, just needed some salt and pepper. I thought it a nice touch that my plate was garnished with some pickles, a black olive, a few carrot sticks and a deviled egg. And lastly came the cookie, I chose chocolate chip and walnut, warmed and as big as the saucer it was served on. Yum!Don't go here if you are in a hurry, Momma doesn't like to be rushed in the kitchen.Take the time to enjoy this quaint little atmosphere with food like your Mom would make.I would go again, I saw some salads that looked delish!
1	I tried the Gilbert location of this restaurant. I believe it recently opened there on Gilbert Rd, in between Warner Rd & Elliot Rd. It was a cute location, and the atmosphere inside was quaint. However, the lighting was much too bright for a restaurant, and the kitchen sounds could be heard throughout the restaurant. Overall, my experience was horrible. My food was cold, even though it took 5 minutes longer for my food to come out than the my 3 friends' plates. The coffee was sub par, which made a horrible first impression on me. The price seemed a little much - however, I did not take advantage of the "pastry bar", because nothing looked too appetizing. French toast, which I thought was pretty foolproof, did not taste good. And the bacon was covered in maple syrup and some sort of brown sugar. I didn't feel too alone; no one in my party had rave reviews for their meals. There were 4 of us altogether, and our food barely fit on the table, which was inconvenient and very annoying. If I could give 0 stars, I would. I would say do not waste your time here! There are many enjoyable breakfast establishments around; this just happens not to be one of them.
