5	Finally good Chinese in my neighborhood. This restaurant just opened up in the same building as another old Chinese restaurant that went out of business. I understand why that one went out of business and this one will survive. Cleanliness and great food. I couldn't believe it when I walked in. It was nice inside and something smelled really good. I quickly made my take-out order and in minutes I was on my way. The food was good. We had chicken with broccoli (spicy) and Kung Pao Vegetable. It was fresh and hot and the vegetables were cooked to perfection - not mushy like some places.If you haven't visited this place in a while, remember it's a new restaurant now - new owners, decor and food. They even cleaned up the outside. The only downside is they don't have delivery yet. Can't wait for that.
5	Wonderful service, great food, totally inexpensive.  Have the egg drop soup, and possibly the best orange chicken you will ever have.  A must-try.
5	This place has the best Chinese food in all of Phoenix. I have tried about every Chinese place in Phoenix and this has the best traditional flavors. It is very cheap, but soo good! You can grab lunch for less than $6 and if you can finish it all you will be doing better than most.
5	By far the best Chinese restaurant I've tried here in AZ. Great service. Was a big fan of the  egg drop soup. Very clean and family style servings.
4	I'm definitely one who likes to discover new places and Dragon Island did not disappoint. Both of the women who waited on us were very helpful with suggestions, had lots of energy, and most importantly appreciative of our patronage. The restaurant was very clean and modern. The menus were current, descriptive, and believe it or not the photos actually matched what came out, lol. We had the Emperors Chicken, Almond Chicken, Pu Pu Platter, white rice and Chicken Fried Rice. All of the servings were plentiful, fresh, and great flavor without the sauces feeling to heavy. I'll be back!!
5	Sweet side: Boys had Sesame (nice honey flavor) and Orange (made with fresh OJ) Chicken Both are great. Daughter loved Beef & Broccoli. Wife and I had Kung Pao Shrimp and Chicken Lo Mein. Both were really good. All for $4.75 to $4.95 each at lunch (Included Egg Drop Soup, Egg Roll, and 2 Crab Puffs). Left with a box of leftovers and I'm stuffed. The new atmosphere is nice as well. Very friendly.
5	I saw them being reviewed by one of the morning news channels when they first opened.  The sample dishes they showed looked amazing!  I took my daughter with me to give it a shot and we were so very pleasantly surprised.  Excellent food, great service.  Yum!  We have since turned many people on to this place and they are all hooked as well.  I make it here pretty regularly!  The house special chicken is fantastic...all white meat!  Mongolian Beef....yummy!  Winny (one of the sweet waitresses) made me something special once...beef...tons of crisp veggies...a little spicy, it was sooooo good!
1	Great improvements to the interior by new owners but what a disappointment when the food was served.  Cheap price but the quality shows why.  Egg drop soup had only broth and eggs.  Pupu platter was a varied of fried and over cooked meats...HORRIBLE!  Emperor chicken was so salty and mainly fried breading...where's the meat? We won't return even if it is cheep.  I'd rather eat at the Wendy's next door!
5	Excellent! I love the food (sesame chicken is the best) and everyone is extremely friendly.
5	The BBQ pork chow-main is ftw!! Huge portions, Egg Fried Rice was just perfect!! Staff is friendly and the hostess was Very pleasing to the eye.
5	I've been dining at Dragon Island for the past year.  This place is as good as it gets for quick Chinese take-away or quick dine-in.  It's still the very Americanized Chinese fare that you find at most Phoenix area Chinese places, except at Dragon Island it's VERY good.  When it comes to frying anything, these people know how to tempura and fry!  Any battered chicken or pork is excellent.  The sauces are freshly prepared - no Lee Kum Kee jars here!!Jessica is a sweet lady and will take very good care of you and offer you suggestions if you are unsure of what to order.  Just tell her what you like and don't like and she'll help you.I love this place because they modify certain dishes for me.  I love authentic Chinese food (the kind you get at Wahsun) and many times this restaurant will substitute ingredients of the more "authentic" variety when I ask.If you're in the neighborhood and hungry, try this place out - you'll be glad you did.
5	Moved here from NY 5 years ago and this is GREAT Chinese Food.  Even made me Shrip with Lobster Sauce NY Style with peas and white sauce.  Will definately be back for more.
5	This is the ONLY place I've been to in the area that I experienced NY/NJ tasting Chinese food! Its the best with wonderful service & clean!  The dining in experience is great too- on real plates and they take such care to your stuff to go. They call thank you for dining with them by name. Just a great experience with great tasting food. I highly recommend; it's a little drive from my house but so worth it with huge portions.
4	Thank you to Yelp.com we found this little place to check out for dinner before our movie last night. The building has been many things over the years, and Arbys included, so it isn't the nicest of buildings. It is very plain and minimal. But I don't plan to eat the decorations, so who cares. You can either order over the phone to pick up or stop in for take out r grab a seat in the dining room and have a waitress. They are busier more for lunch they told us, more to-go at night. They are family owned, very obvious by the owners children helping out behind the counter. I love family owned places. They just feel homeir. We sat down to eat. We ordered the crab puffs, terriaki chicken and sweet and sour chicken. All great. The crab puffs had just enough crabby flavor, and the entrees were very large portions of tasty goodness, with plenty to take home and have for lunch the next day. The boyfriend even liked it, and its hard to get him to like Asian food.  Check them out! Let them know Yelp set you. Yummy!
1	No. I love American Chinese food, but it can be good or it can be very bad. This was very bad. My general tso was absolutely drenched in sauce---bright, vibrant red. This would be okay, but it didn't taste like anything, and the chicken was not high quality--nubbly. The batter was soft. The egg rolls were meh. The ragoons were only passable. The egg drop soup was meh. The white rice was like instant rice. I know it can't actually be instant rice; that would be too expensive. But it was just like that for taste and texture. My wife's kung pao was also very bland, brown sauce out of a can without many peanuts or any taste.I don't get understand the positive reviews. This was, all in all, pretty disgusting, even for someone who kind of likes bad food. The people who work there were super nice---maybe that's why all the good reviews?
4	Best Chinese take out around. Super friendly staff, great service and food is excellent. Don't be fooled by the exterior. Inside is very clean and food is very affordable. Our favorites are the Fried rice, Hunan Chicken and Wor Won Ton Soup. Our family loves this place!
5	A BIG Thank you for bringing  the best & freshest Chinese Food to the valley.  I know I will miss having this place around.  We loved coming to this restaurant and am so sad to see you close yesterday.  I am really picky about my Chinese Food and buffets don't do it for me.  This was at the top of my list for Chinese Food and you could tell the owner put a lot of TLC in this place.  If you missed going to this place I feel bad for you.  It was a little average for decor but very clean and the food had a personality all it's own.  Please let us know when you decide to open up again.
