4	I drive down Nellis quite often and for the last couple of weeks I have seen people holding signs for a new pizza place offering $5.00 take out pizza's. Today on the way home I didn't have time to fix lunch other than a sandwich so I thought I would try this place as Joey's is growing somewhat old. They only have two pizza's for $5.00 and that is the cheese or pepperoni. I opted for the sausage which still wasn't bad $7.20 out the door. The pizza was made in about five minutes, and was quite good for just a quick pizza, better than many around that I have had that I have paid much more for. The menu may be limited, but from the pizza I tried I will have to try more when I have the time.
2	Big Daddy's pizza, what used to be Damiano's. I didnt try Damiano's pizza to compare it to Big Daddy's. I guess I've been spoiled to the $5 carryout pizza at little caesars. I saw this place and why not give it a try. their $5 pizza is small compared to regular $5 at caesars. Flavor: ok, kinda reminded me of the frozen pizzas at the grocery store.crust:okwould I be back? highly unlikely. I can travel a lil down the ways to grab a pizza of a larger size and Ok taste.
1	New businesses typically up their standards for grand openings.  If that's the case, Big Daddy won't be around for long.  This was, by far, the worst pizza I've had.  I was really hoping it would be at least as good as Little Caesers, as Big Daddy is more convieniently located.We ordered a cheese pizza and a pepperoni pizza.  APPEARANCE:  The pizza is quite small, as another reviewer stated. I believe it's equivalent to a Domino's medium pizza.  I also noticed the pizzas were much flatter than most others. It was hard to pull a slice out of the box.  It's common that we have to re-cut pizzas as they're usually cut in a hurry.  My pizza slicer would not cut thru this pizza.  It was like leather - my daughter has braces and was completely incapable of biting thru the crust.  She ate the stuff off the top. The pepperoni pizza had about 2.5 slices of pepperoni per slice - not enough for pepperoni in every bite.  Both pizzas were full of grease.TASTE:  The sauce was good.  The grease made me think back to high school pizza (I graduated in '95).  I made a comment about high school pizza, and everyone else said "no, school pizza is better."  There was an adequate amount of cheese.OVERALL:  Save your $5 and get pizza ANYWHERE else, seriously.  Go to Albertsons and get a frozen one to cook yourself.  Drive up Nellis and go to Little Caesers.  As convenient as this place might be,  it's just not even worth $5.
1	Tried this place out today after being bombarded with all their ads and spinning signs. $5 Ready pizza the say.They have two choices for $5, cheese and pepperoni. I opted for the pepperoni. For some reason they have "other" ready pizzas available but the price jumps dramatically. The choice with sausage is like $7. The pizza itself was tiny. Like slightly bigger than a personal pan pizza from pizza hut tiny. While the taste of the actual product was better than Little Caesars, the size alone will detract me from returning. It's fine if you're only feeding one person but more than that and you're better off going elsewhere. With every mom and pop pizza parlor in the valley offering some form of the $5 pizza pick-up special, the "ready now" gimmick won't be enough to keep this place in business. The pizza itself by merit of ingredients was fairly inoffensive. There were plenty of pepperonis that covered is tiny circumference. The cheese was good but there was hardly enough spread that huge pockets of just sauce were exposed, especially near the crust. So to recap, super greasy+tiny size+ barely any cheese = this place. Go to Joey's down the road. Joey's will probably burn your pie and not taste much better but at least it'll feed your family for around the same price.
2	Decent tasting. Not bad for $5 but tonight when I went,  I ordered breadsticks , similar to crazy bread, but they forgot to include sauce and the bread sticks were undercooked and doughy. My pizza had way too much cheese and was barely cut. The pizza looked like it had just been thrown into the box, getting cheese and sauce all over the inside of the pizza box.
4	I saw a yelp review on the garlic sticks...so I had to try them! Stopped in about 10:30 on a Saturday night. He made them fresh. They were REALLY good. And I don't usually like red sauce, but this one had a bite to it, not sweet at all. Not sure if this is a different sauce than what they put on regular pizzas. Got hubby a Hawaiian but he didn't eat it yet. Will definitely go back for pizza cravings.... and they do deliver! Will be trying other stuff on the menu.Ps....I do NOT like little ceasers pizza, seems to be a common theme here in the reviews. And there is no seating to actually eat at the restaurant.
