5	I bring them my dry cleaning and shirts that need to be laundered. The next day, they're done by 4, perfectly. I bring them 10 or so shirts and some sport coats and pants on a regular basis - they've never lost or damaged anything. Service is always friendly. They do all their own cleaning onsite.Not a long review, but what do you want from me? It's a freaking laundry. Go launder some stuff.
5	I have been taking my dry-cleaning to Paris for years - but today they went above and beyond my expectations.  I showed up just after 5pm with a formal gown that desperately needed to be steamed for an event tomorrow night.  At first the woman at the counter told me they couldn't do it, but then another staffer recognized me and told me she would check.  Sure enough, she found the manager and got permission to get it steamed - while I waited.  I am so thankful and will never take my dry-cleaning or laundry anywhere else!  Thank you Paris!
2	Pricing, it's ok. Customer service. UGH. I will venture out as I explore my new town. I know there is someplace out there where they actually like their job and want you to feel it.
1	I would not recommend this dry cleaner and have had a very poor experience - one that dragged on for 4 months - as their client.  I brought them a coat and skirt for mending in December. When I picked up the coat and paid for the service, it had not been mended, but only cleaned (I had not asked for it to be cleaned). Obviously it was not ready by the time of my flight out of town for the holidays.  A manger graciously apologized and did have the coat read for me when I got back. As for the skirt, after about 6 weeks of me calling or stopping by to check on the progress, they finally told me it had been lost. I spent another 2 months trying to reach a manager or the owner to discuss reimbursement. Finally, the owner replied to me by email and we agreed on $100 for the skirt. A few days later, I received a check for $85 - with a receipt stating that I still owed $15 for the coat I had already paid for - yet not received properly mended in a timely manner. The same manager who helped resolve the coat issue refunded me the additional $15 and apologized again for the owner's horrible customer service, but after 4 months of trying to resolve the issue the apology and full refund (not the full price of the skirt, by the way) will simply not earn me back as a customer. Really poor customer service and I would absolutely not trust them again with any special items.
4	Same day service is available, but give them until the next day and it's always a perfect job.
4	I have been bringing my dry cleaning to Paris for years, 11 I think.  I have found them to be friendly and timely with service.  I like that they check my buttons and replace them without me having to ask, and spot clean stains when needed.  I drop my clothes off around 7 a.m. and pick them up the same day after work, about 5 p.m.  They have never lost or destroyed any of my clothes.
5	I LOVE this place! it's almost been a year. Never have they ruined anything. They have always taken out stains that are stubborn. Its a tad bit pricy but it's worth it! Customer service is great! also they're pretty fast! They have same day service.
1	WORTHLESSI wish there was a minus 10 stars for this place. I dropped off two nearly new custom fitted New Era hats a week ago and was assured they would be ok for dry cleaning. When I picked them up this week, thank goodness I looked in the box. They shrunk and had crinkled fabric above the rim!!! They proceeded to get the owner and he told his employees in front of me that he does not do hats and that they should of never of taken them in. I told him I would give it a few days to see of the wrinkles came out, got my $10 back and took photos of them for my records.After matching them up with similar New Era fitted hats I have when I got home, they definitely were shrunk. I called him back about an hour later and mentioned that I did not think they were dry cleaned. He proceeded to tell me he dry cleaned them himself!! So if they don't take hats in as a policy, why did the owner dry clean them and if he did, he needs to look at retiring because he has know idea how to dry clean!Bad experience, bad service and bad place to do business. Don't go there.
3	I wanted to update my review to say that after a two week process of going back and forth with the owner, he compensated me for the two hats and was respectful in every way.
