1	It's cathartic to give this sorry organization 1 star.Note: this is a review of the baseball club, not the stadium in which they play
3	The current era which is now on a 17 seasons under .500 streak is just horrid and deserves one star at best. The '71 through '79 and the early '90s eras get 5 stars for having such cool players as Roberto Clemente, Willie Stargell and Spanky!Throw in PNC Park (with ex-Bucco Manny Sanguillen's BBQ stand), the always cool black and mustard unis (bring back the '7s retro look) and the fact one day the Lumber Company wil return (when are the Bucs going to return to scouting Latin America again?).Plus the perogy races are classic!
2	O my Pittsburgh Pirates.  What a storied history you have!  But the last time you went to the post season was in 1992,  and I remember it well.    I worked as a ticket taker at the old Three Rivers Stadium and I have such fond memories of working there.  I was 17 when you won your last divisional title and I don't think you've had a winning season in my entire adult life.Don't get me wrong, my Bucs!  I do love you so much.  In a way, I have to.  See, you're like the boy I knew in grammar school who was such a sweet kid, but he was constantly failing his classes--and he lived in a nice house!  Let's take a look at your records since 2000.  I warn you dear Pirates--it won't be pretty.  But it's something you have to come to terms with:2001:  62-100 (last pl)2002:  72-89 (4th Pl)2003:  75-87 (4th pl)2004:  72-89 (5th pl)2005:  67-95 (last)2006:  67-95 (5th pl)2007:  68-94 (last)2008:  67-95 (last)2009:  62-99 (last)2010:  56-101 (last)*     *As of 09-29-2010So that's six seasons in last place, two 100 loss seasons, and this season has been the worst so far.Yes, I'll still go to your games next season.  I'll still go with my husband, my co-workers, and my Girl Posse.  My dad and I will still have our father-daughter nights out here.  But like the parents of that sweet little boy in grammar school with the failing grades, you're really trying my patience.  And don't forget, the Washington Wild Things have been wooing me for the longest!
5	We're over .500 so far this year!  Whoo-hoo!  We're actually mediocre!  And for once the Cubs are keeping us out of last place instead of the other way around!
4	Hats off to the 2011 version of the Pittsburgh Pirates! for the most part, this team showed a lot of heart, they have a talented young group at the core of this team. What a thrilling summer it was with the Buccos near the top of the standings and even being in first place for a few days. Alas a bad losing streak towards the end of the summer brought the team down in the standings, but a lesson learned, at least they know they can win. A tweek or two here and there, maybe a little money spent on a free agent or two, and find that elusive home run hitter might bring us a title next year.I went to 12 games this year, and this team almost reached 2 million in attendance, I think next year we'll hit 2.2 million and a playoff!
3	Okay my Pittsburgh Pirates.  You maybe deserve 2 1/2 stars this past season.  Like Joe D. says, you were in first place for a short time.  Just think--2011 could have been known as "The Season in Which We Didn't Suck".  We could have aimed for mediocrity and a .500 record.  But then you went on a bad losing streak at the end!  Arrrgh!  Well at least the Astros and the Cubs kept us out of last place!    But I give you an extra 1/2 star for having jerseys in women's sizes (ahem, Washington Wild Things http://www.yelp.com/biz/washington-wild-things-washington#hrid:BWXqf9Wwj9YVaueqHdm8jw/src:self ).  We like baseball too and the women's sizes fit us way better than the men's do.  My folks gave me one for Christmas 'cos my old one (in a man's size) wore out.  The new one fits well and looks great!
3	A cautious 3.5 stars here but....S-W-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-P!The Bucs swept the Royals in interleague play this past weekend!  And okay, I was there for the second game, not the third.  But I took my dad to the game for an early Father's Day gift.  We had a wonderful time as the Pirates defeated the Royals 5-3.  And I'm watching the Pirates with guarded optimism here.  They're off to the same great start they were last year. An article in the paper said that they were playing small ball, which must eman they're working on the little things, the fundamentals.  Now let's see if we can keep the momentum going for the rest of the season and finish with at least a winning record for a chiange.  Oh well, at least with the Chicago Cubs sucking so badly we won't be in the cellar.
4	I love the buccos, win or lose.  Going to the games are always a good time, and when they are on TV at the bar, I always find myself happy to enjoy my meal and watch the game.  Gotta love them battling bucs.  Please just let me see one round of Playoffs in Pittsburgh before I die..
1	Ugh!  Another losing season.  WTF man, weren't we in first place at the All-Star Break?  What happened?  I wasn't expecting a World Series Champ or even a Pennant winner.  But was a winning season too much to ask for?  This marks the 20th anniversary since the Pirates' last winning season.  That's right folks--it's been since 1992.  Let's take a look at the world of 1992.BASEBALL:  The Pirates' roster that year included Stan Belinda, Doug Drabek, Zane Smith, Denny Neagle, Jay Bell, Orlando Merced, Andy Van Slyke, and of course Barry Bonds.  All have since retired.  The only new ballparks were New Comiskey Park (now U.S. Cellular Field) and Camden Yards.  No stadiums had corporate names.  The Arizona Diamondbacks, the Colorado Rockies, the Miami Marlins, and the Tampa Bay (Devil) Rays didn't exist.  The Washington Nationals were the Montreal Expos.  The Milwaukee Brewers were in the AL.  Both the NL and the AL only had two divisions each.  The minor league Washington Wild Things didn't exist either and nor did their league.  KBL was the big cable sports channel.TV:  "Saturday NIght Live's" cast included Dana Carvey, Ellen Cleghorne, Chris Farley, Tim Meadows, Mike Myers, Kevin Nealon, Phil Hartman,  Chris Rock, Adam Sandler, Rob Schneider, and David Spade.  "Seinfeld" hadn't become a huge hit yet and no one knew Kramer's first name.  Monday nights on NBC included "Murphy Brown", "Evening Shade" and " Northern Exposure".MOVIES:  The top movies included "Lethal Weapon 3", "Basic Instinct", "Hone Alone 2", "The Bodyguard" and "Aladdin".  When you wanted to watch movies at home, you had to rent them from the video store and you watched them on VHS tapes or laserdiscs.  MUSIC:  Bruce Springsteen released "Lucky Town" and "Human Touch"  on the same day.  R.E.M. had "Automatic for the People".  Gin Blossoms released their first album "New Miserable Experience", which stayed on the charts for almost two years.  Bare Naked Ladies "Gordon" featured the cult classic "If I Had a Million Dollars."  You either listened to albums on cassette or CD and you bought them at record stores like National Record Mart.  Doug Hopkins (Gin Blossoms), Kurt Cobain (Nirvana), Shannon Hoon (Bline Melon) and Jerry Garcia (Grateful Dead) were all alive.TECHNOLOGY:  Few people had internet access.  You also used pay phones because you didn't have a cell phone.  You watched movies on a VCR.  You met up with your friends without texting them.  You ordered merchandise by "sending in" or by calling an "800" number.  You had to buy tickets by waiting in line.  And OJ Simpson was still a football hero.So that's it, Pittsburgh Pirates.  I feel like telling you I'm done with you guys.  I'm no fair weather fan, but 20+ years of losing is enough.
5	Go Pirates!!! That's all I can say. They've made me love baseball and Pittsburgh again. They're only going to get better.
4	The Pittsburgh Pirates just had their first winning season in twenty years.  They made the playoffs and got Pittsburgh excited for baseball again.  So what would you rate the pirates front offices right now?  Are the pirates going to be in the pennant race for years to come or will they be one and done?                 Neil Huntington became the Pittsburgh Pirates general manager 6 years ago.  Their minor league system ranked near the bottom half of the MLB when he first started.  Now they are rated in the top three minor league systems in all of baseball.                  Neil has done a great job drafting the best players available in the MLB amateur drafts in his tenure.  His first pick was Pedro Alvarez.  The first Manager that he hired was John Russell.  I think that was a terrible hire but I do know what Neil was thinking.  The Pirates were not going to contend for the next three years at least.  So they just wanted to get a guy in there that would do what they wanted and try to teach their young players baseball and keep them motivated.  They soon fired Russell and made a terrific hire in Clint hurdle.  In the coming years in the draft the Pirates drafted Jamison Taillon, Tony Sanchez, and Gerit Cole.  Three of these draftees are significant parts of the major league team right now.  Tallion will join the Pirates by mid season this year.  I give the Pirates a grade A in drafting in these last 6 years.  Before 2008, Pirates management would draft the player who they could sign the easiest and not the best player available.  Now by drafting the best players available they have made their minor league system and their major league team one of the best in the majors.                Another big factor in the team's most recent success and their future is their international signings.  Before Neil Huntington and Pirates owner Bob Nutting there were no Pirates facilities in Latin America.  That was a huge piece the Pirates were missing.  Roberto Clemente is from the Dominican Republic and all of the DR Players were going to other teams and not the Pirates.  The Pirates built a brand new facility in the DR and now they have some impact players to help the Pirates now and into the future.  The biggest signing so far has been Starling Marte.  In 2004 the Pirates hired Renee gayo to be director of their Latin America baseball operations.  His first signee was Starling Marte and he signed him for a measly $100,000.  He is now one of the top left fielders in the game.  Gayo also signed the Pirates number one prospect Gregory Polanco for $150,000.  He should be in Pittsburgh by midsummer this year.  He has the potential to be better that Marte and MVP Andrew McCutchen.  The two signings and a multiple other signings are leading the pirates to a very successful short term and long term future.                Overall I really like what I see from this Pirate team and management.  Yes I would have liked them to sign a few guys over the off season but I trust they know what they are doing.  They are relying heavily on their farm system to carry them through this year.  They might have to make a trade or two if this plan doesn't work but they have a good young core in Pittsburgh that should allow them to have another successful 2014 and for several years to come.
3	Beware of purchasing partial season packages.  I bought a 2014  13 game package and they lied about post season ticket purchase opportunities.  In order to purchase tickets to 2014 post season games I was told that I had to upgrade and purchase a full 2015 season package or else buy online like the general public.  Also the exchange policy for unused tickets requires snail mail or a physical trip to the stadium office.  However the future ticket exchange is done online up to 48 hours prior to the game.  They only cater to new business full season ticket holders for post season ticket sales, existing partial season holders get no priority whatsoever.
