3	Santa Rosa's been hanging out on Basic for quite some time.  It's a staple in some Hendersonian's lives, and although I've sampled a few things from there I've never really embraced it like other taquerias that just constantly have me coming back for more.  I don't know if the grease they used for their fried things doesn't get changed too often or their preparation just doesn't get my toes-a-tappin'.  It's not bad.  If people were going there and bringing something back, I'd totally throw in for a little something if I were hungry.  But I'd never go here on my own accord.
5	I love this place.  It is great, cheap mexican restaurant that I wish was on every corner!  The people are friendly and super fast with the food.  Usually I get a combo meal that is about $6.  So great.  They also have a drive-thru if you are in a rush. Go Santa Rosa Taco Shop!!!
4	I decided to swing by here one Sunday morning to get a breakfast burrito to split with my husband. I went through the drive-thru since I was still in my pajamas. The lady that helped me was chipper but not annoyingly so. I ordered a potato, egg and cheese burrito with pico de gallo on the side. Plus a large horchata. The burrito was perfect, I hate when the cheese isn't melted all of the way and this cheese was. Total damage was $6. Not bad at all, I will definitely be back.
4	Disclaimer: This review is based solely on their breakfast burritos.And man are they fabulous!  I typically have them make a beast with eggs, chorizo, bacon, rice, cheese and pico.  It is breakfast nirvana! Next to Los Tacos, I think this place has the best salsa verde in town.  In addition, the staff is super friendly.  Even though the location is out of the way for me, I make the detour whenever possible to enjoy the goodness!
4	I was finally in the area to try this place and would not let the opportunity pass by. I got there close to closing and the food was still very good! The service was also great! Always a good sign of good business. I examined the menu for a minute before I decided on ordering the carnitas plate to go. While I was waiting for my order, I picked up a couple different salsas to try. They were both good too! The plate came with a good portion of carnitas with lettuce and guacamole next to it, rice and beans, and your choice of flour or corn tortillas (I went with the corn). I dove into the rice and beans first, they were pretty good. Next, I assembled a fat taco and ate it rather fast with the salsa I brought back. Safe to say, this place is legit. I seen a lot of things I wanted to try on the menu so I will definitely be back.
4	My mom and I stopped here after reading the yelp reviews while prowling for a good spot to eat.  We were pleasantly surprised and happy to find that they were open Sunday evening, since it seemed to be a smaller restaurant.The customer service was fantastic.  My mom and I split an order of 5 rolled tacos and a carnitas plate, which was more than enough for 2 people.  Both dishes were fantastic, and we were both pleasantly surprised with the quality of the food.  We spent about $17 with drinks, but it was well worth it; we'll definitely be back!
3	3 1/2Rolled in for lunch with my coworkers. Initial thoughts: quaint, clean. Sign on the front door: no public restrooms. Hmmm, not sure that's allowed. Regardless, I ordered the pork carnitas plate and a drink. $10. It was very good. No complaints. Pork was crispy, tender and delicious. The plate came with lettuce, guacamole, rice, beans, and a huge delectable tortilla. It was really good, required no additional seasoning.  I couldn't finish the huge portion. My gal pal was thrilled with her taco salad. A fresh crunchy shell and huge chunks of chicken breast sealed the deal. It had rice, guacamole, salsa, lettuce. Yum. My guy pal loved his special beef burrito plate. He says 4-5 stars! Better than Robertos!They  have a little salsa bar with 5 salsa choices and the usual limes and pickled veggies. The girls at the counter were super nice. Definitely comparable or better than your fave fast Mexican place. Give it a whirl if you're on the East side!
5	Family run. Awesome tacos. Everything is tasty, super fresh, and way affordable. Plus a drive thru. What more can you ask for?? :)
4	The menu here is strangely similar to Roberto's taco shop. Do the same people own it?   I ordered the special of the day - 3 chicken enchiladas with green sauce. The chicken on its own was tender but not memorable. The green sauce was a little watery but just spicy enough. The meal came with rice, beans, and a medium drink-all for $ 5.50. In other words, an average meal at a good price.I am giving this place 4 stars for the one menu item that stood out. The carne asada fries were amazing!  Crispy shoestring fries topped with steak, cheese, guacamole, sour cream, beans, onions, tomatoes, and cilantro -YES!The place is located in a dumpy area of Henderson -but a solid option if you want good fast Mexican food.
4	This place is pretty legit. Very deceiving from the outside, but quality overall. The reason I didn't rate a 5 star place is because when I bit into the delicious carne asada burrito, there were a few tiny charred pieces mixed in there that I didn't like.
3	For the food I ate I have to disagree with the previous reviewer about Santa Rosa Taco Shop being better than Roberto's.  I ordered a large salsa, a beef tostada, and a tamale.  The salsa was rather bland.  I would not pay $3 for a large again.  If I am inclined to make salsa I think mine is better.  The beef tostada was good and inexpensive but if there was a Roberto's around I would rather go there.  The beef used in the tostada is better at Roberto's.  Finally, the tamale was fine but the favor of the filling was lost.  Maybe due to the red sauce.  My meal was $8 and though not outrageous I think I would have a better and cheaper meal from Roberto's.
5	You don't have to be slurring words to have reason to indulge yourself with Santa Rosa. Their $2.30 tacos are packed full of freshly grilled carne asada and heaping servings of pico de gallo and quacamole. One taco'll do ya, but I had two. The beans are delicious and you get free refills on Horchata. The service could not be friendlier. Santa Rosa also uses solid, reusable plates instead of Styrofoam, which was refreshing.
4	Santa Rosa is literally right across the street from my office building, so close that I could throw a rock and hit it.  Having said that, I don't go very often at all because I try to make healthier choices, at least during the work week.  I ventured over there this past week and had the beef tamale combo with rice and beans.  The food was delicious and filling, as usual; I ate one and a half of the two tamales, the rice, and the beans before I had to stop.  The staff is always very friendly and the place is clean.  Nice little spot for some Mexican food if you're ever in the area and tiene hambre.
4	Authentic as it gets.  Chicken burrito was terrific, one of the best I have ever had.
4	Small little hole in the wall spot - HUGE delicious plates!! After day of drinks and too much sun, we needed a real solid meal. My brother in law found this spot and hesitantly, we left the hotel to try it out. So glad we did!! Cheap but delicious - the meat was on point. Everyone ordered different plates and everyone loved what they got. I had both the carne asada plate and the carne asada fries. The carne asada fries are a must have. Ridiculous amount of food - fries piled with guac, sour cream, cheese, and really well made carne asada all over it. Get it!!! Need a food fix after a Vegas weekend - this is your spot!
5	Great breakfast burritos and great service,
4	A block down the street from work and they have AMAZING Carne Asada fries, that I cannot finish by myself. I really, really wish they did... the Small box for carne asada fries. Also had the Breakfast burrito on another day, which was delicious too. Their salsa bar is always kept clean and looks freshly made. Will definitely keep coming here when I keep forgetting my lunch.
5	Great food!! Being from Southern California I miss all the Hispanic inspired foods. I must say this place has an authentic taste!!PsThe best carne asada nachos and fries in Henderson!!
3	Quick, cheap, and yummy--just the way I like it.  Small building, good service from behind the counter. She took our food out to us at the table.  Huevos Rancheros were bueno. Not the best rice I've had but still good, they put the cheap cheese rather than the yummy white crumbly cheese on the beans, and the carrots tasted a bit old, but all things that can be forgiven if the price is right. :) Will go there again when in deep Henderson and in need of a cheap meal.
4	Doing some shopping downtown Henderson, Nv and needed a quick Mexican food fix. Santa Rosa Restaurant fit the bill. Quick and courteous service. For a quick fix this is the place to try.
5	Best Mexican food in Henderson and even Las Vegas. Great staff as well. I've been coming here for years and their quality has remained consistent the entire time. They always use fresh ingredients and have a drive thru which is a plus. They have a small salsa bar in the inside with a few to choose from.
4	After reading so many reviews about the carne asada fries, I had to get them. Upon returning to work from the drive-thru (love that there's a drive-thru!) the wonderfully delicious smell nearly compelled me to mow down small children and old ladies in an effort to reach the lunch room faster. They don't skimp on toppings and the salsas provided only enhance the yummy factor. The price was $7.03, more than I was expecting for an order of fries but the serving size is easily two meals for one healthier than I. Happy I found this place!
4	IT AIN'T PRETTY BUT THE TACOS ARE SOMETHING ELSEWe must have been their big catch of the day.  One lady is munching on her two 99 cents tacos with no sides, three ladies were talking in broken Spanish about the restaurant while ordering nothing from the counter and visiting the restroom. And here we are waiting for our Chicken Taco & Chicken Enchilada for $6.50 plus a Chili Verde Plate for $7.75. Not to forget two large fruit drinks. Just in front of us is one of the help asleep (looked like he was recovering from the morning rush of released inmates) in front of the TV with Clemson playing at Maryland. BTW, across the street is the Henderson Detention Center, but no cops in sight. Do you get the picture ?This is not a fancy Michoacan restaurant by any means. If you really want to know how sparse, even a Taco Bell seems fancier. Roberto's would the opposite extreme. So don't complain about the prison cell ambience. It's a place to pick up your cheap meal and eat behind your desk or at home. Wonder if the inmates across the street are thinking the same?  LoLLoved my pan fried chicken taco and enchilada. Chili verde plate was exaggeratedly much too tasty as Yu-go chauffeur finds out later. He's drinking water like he had been lost in a desert without water for three days and nights.SRTS has another location on the south side of Lake Mead Parkway on the way to the Lake. Looking forward to trying their Tuesday only Breakfast Burrito for $2.99. The 99 cent tacos are available everyday and so is their Ground Beef Burrito for just $2.50. With all the construction going on at the gigantic Cadence housing development, it should be an early Xmas for that other location.
5	This place is absolutely amazing. The bean and cheese burrito, chicken nachos, and chicken salad is so good. Totally come to this place all the time :)
5	We really like their chicken nachos.
5	Can't beat the breakfast burrito in the morning. Cheap, fast, quality Mexican food that I grew up with. Not the "whitened"-version of Mexican food like Chipotle or Baja Fresh.
5	This small restaurant has the best service and food in the area! The Tostada taco salad is delicious with grilled chicken or shredded beef. The Carnitas combination plate is also an excellent choice. You can drive-thru or stop inside to get your order. I normally go inside since you can choose from a variety of salsas at their salsa bar.I plan on trying out many of the other combination plates and burritos since everything on the menu looks great!
5	Just ate here the other day with the family. We had the carne asada nachos, chimichanga, Cheese enchiladas, and beef burritos. It was all good we will definitely be back again.
5	Picked up 5-rolled taco Supreme and Carnitas Burrito...both were amazing!Rolled Tacos:  5 rolled tacos, freshly fried and presented with a heaping mound of cheese, sour cream, guacamole, and about 1/2 lb of carne asada to top it off.  Delicious!Carnitas Burrito:  The flavor exploded in my mouth!  The carnitas were very tender (great quality pork) and tasted delicious!  My burrito was 2x the size of a carnitas burrito at Fausto's.  Overall,  I'm a fan and will be bringing my colleagues back.  The owner and staff are very friendly and are very proud of their establishment, as they should.
5	Carnitas Chimi and rolled taco supreme was excellent this afternoon!I always share with my colleagues; they all really enjoyed the rolled tacos and raved about the flavor of the carnitas!  I think a few colleagues from CSN will be frequenting this place from now on.
5	Owner recommended cheese enchiladas; great recommendation, they were delicious!  I'm a huge fan of their red sauce for enchiladas.  Highly recommended!
5	I ate here for the first time last Monday. Compared to Roberto's (aka Don Tortaco's) and Fausto's, this place is just as great! The prices are also similar.I ordered a Carne Asada Burrito. I ordered it to-go and the server gave it to me wrapped in foil in a paper bag with much needed napkins. The meat was thicker and juicier than the burritos at the aforementioned places. The burrito itself was just as big.I'm a red sauce guy. And I typically get a lot of sauce for just one burrito. The cups at the sauce bar are on the small side, but you can just get more cups if you need more. The pickled carrots, onions, and jalapenos were also good.I'm a fan. I'll keep coming whenever I'm in the area.
5	Called in an order for one Al Pastor Burrito and one carne asada breakfast burrito to save some time.Upon my arrival I was greeted by the owner; very friendly.  The carne asada breakfast burrito was very good and was eaten before I made it back to campus; that's how good it was.  The Al Pastor Burrito is being saved for a late lunch and possibly part of my dinner; it was also very good. The Al Pastor Burrito was over 7 inches!
5	Ate here again recently. This time, I got the carne asada fries. I was greeted and served by this friendly guy. He even checked up on me after a few minutes to make sure I was enjoying my meal.The carne asada fries themselves were pretty good. Since I ate at the restaurant, it was served on a covered plate. They even gave me napkins, which is always a necessity at Mexican joints.The portion was huge, comparable to that of other Mexican spots. I even had enough left over for half a dinner. The guy who served me did not hesitate to give me a to-go container when I asked for it.The red sauce and the picked carrots, jalapenos, and onions were also good. The carrots were crunchy but still had a degree of softness that made them enjoyable. The jalapenos, however, were lacking that small level of spiciness, but I still enjoyed them.When I left, I said thank you as I enjoyed the meal and the service. Replying to me was this nice lady who said "gracias" as I left. Now that's friendliness, which I really appreciate.I'll post a picture of my meal once I figure out how to do it. And I'll definitely keep coming back to this place when I'm nearby.
4	This place is awesome! the staff are super friendly. The enchiladas were really good! Next time i am gonna try the tacos,They look really good as well. The prices are just right. Excited to come back next week. Give this place a try!
5	This is one of the best honestly taco shops in Henderson. We are here almost every weekend. Carne Asada breakfast burritos are delicious. My son loves the carne asada lunch burrito. I love the machaca, the plate, the burrito and the big tostada bowl.
5	Amazing Chorizo Burrito and amazing California Carne Asada Burrito.  Picked it up for lunch; simply delicious!
3	Found this place from Yelp... so thank you... place is VERY small and very easy to miss... right across the street from the Henderson detention center!Food is good... not as big of portions as Robertos but better quality is seems.  The California burrito is awesome... the super nachos aren't my fav... Robertos were better in my mind.... still good little place!
5	Don't let the size of this place fool you.  The tacos are insanely good.  The use of fresh cuts of meat and the care in preparation make these the best tacos you will ever have.  I tried the carnitas and the el pastor.  They were so good I went back the next day and had the carne asada.  They are all great.  Make an effort to try this place you will not be disappointed
4	I really love this little place. The ladies here are always sweet and polite even tho there is a slight language barrier but have no fear. I have an iPhone translate app and all is good :) My favorite to get if the nachos and there beans and rice is always fresh. Great customer service too. *Bonus is that I can call my order in ahead of time.
