3	I was pretty surprised to see Van Houtte as an actual coffee house. I only know the brand via their k-cup flavors. Of course, being a coffee fanatic, I made it a point to stop in. The set up of the store was nice. They had a wall where you could pick your own k-cups and plenty of seating. I hate to say it, but of the three coffee franchises I visited while in Montreal, their product was the weakest. It just didn't taste strong. Your mileage may vary of course. They had several cool looking bakery items and it looked like they were introducing a lunch menu and plugging several sandwiches. The place wasn't full at all. The service was quick enough. If I were to return, I'd probably try a different coffee.
2	what can one say about van houtte? its not the best coffee out there. price wise, its not the cheapest nor the priciest. there's free wifi, plenty of seating, situated right next to UQAM which meant, i spent a lot of my university years studying here even though it wasn't the brightest of ideas especially when you had those pretty students studying there too.the place was fine back in my school years (and it is still fine) as it was pretty much one of the few coffee house around UQAM and 3rd wave coffee wasn't really around.why a review almost 10 years later? well, i wanted to talk about the poutine they are now offering. yes, poutine! its currently in test run form before deciding to offer it as a regular item later this year. this particular store as well as the one on metcalfe (inside canada's place) are the only 2 stores that have poutine.as for choices, they have pulled pork and duck confit poutine.so about that poutine. its not french fries, its potato wedges. its not cheese curds, its camembert i believe. its not gravy, its a sweet sauce. it comes with caramelized onions and of course, either pulled pork or duck confit.is it good? yes but i had better. way better! the sauce is tasty, the onions give it another sweetness to it. the cheese tied things together nicely. the meat, in my case duck, adds another layer of flavor and depth. the wedges, on the other hand, could be better. find them to be too flaky-ish and not crispy enough on the outside.portion was small but the price wasn't. $10 for the duck one while the pork is $9. at that price, you're getting better and more interesting poutine out there like the kimchi one which is around $10 too and portion is way bigger.at $7, i'd go back or make it half a size bigger than now and i'll consider. it looked interesting and tasty but in the end, its a test run to gauge interest. priced as it is and it will not take off. coffee shop food (except muffins) are priced like they are the best shit since slice bread when clearly they are not and its the same for the poutine. in hindsight, i would have been happier with the A&W nearby
2	A class at UQAM brought me to Montreal for three weeks, so I visited Van Houtte many times. Nothing I had there was amazing, and overall I found the prices high for the quality offered. A small raspberry iced tea (mostly ice) was nearly $4, as was an ordinary latte. One day I ordered a chicken wrap and they gave me a chicken sandwich instead. By the time I realized it I didn't want to make a fuss, as the line was long, but the sandwich really wasn't very good -- a tiny amount of meat and hardly any vegetables on a huge roll. I couldn't finish it even though it, too, was expensive.Service varied wildly from day to day -- there was a darker-skinned girl who was really courteous and helpful, and a lighter-skinned girl who didn't seem to know anything about the menu.The only thing that saved this review from one-star infamy is the cafe frappe I tried on the last day I was there. It was cold and creamy, reasonably priced (under $3) and just sweet enough. If I had to do it all over again, I'd stick to that drink, sit at the window and enjoy the free wifi all morning!
4	Van Houtte is about in every corner up in Montreal. It's the equivalent of Starbucks here in the states except that it's better; yup, it is. After dinner one night we still wanted to do some walking and we ended up here. It was full of people working on their computers or like us, having an after dinner coffee, it was good, not the best in Montreal but still pretty dang delicious.
