4	If you drive down Flamingo from the west you have seen this wash, it's an ugly ramshackle type place complete with graffiti on the electric box outside. I picked it out because it's a hand wash and I prefer that. Drive round back and they have a miniature enterprise, tinting, vacuum, detailing etc. I hand over the car and wait patiently. There is a small indoor cashier/waiting area plus a very long bench outside in the sun. The tanning lady from New York could sit here with her red headed daughter and fry to her hearts content. I digress. The wash is very good, in fact it is a close to a detail as I have experienced. Dash, windows, vacuum, spray wax, wash, tires, even climbing on ladders to get all of the roof.There are many options, I took VIP which is $24 or $29 for oversize vehicle. It's not cheap but it was a truly excellent service. I will go back.
3	convient.....I work close to this car wash, plus its apart of a gas station so you can kill two birds with one stone.  The people were not that friendly and the prices were labeled wrong on the board when you first drive in.  Its a little confusing how they have everything set up.  You have a to drive behind a building and the office you pay for the car wash at is the size of a closet.  But, they were fast, did a decent job.  Can't expect much.  I would go back. $25 plus tip for the wash that covered everything but a wax.  They do add on a few bucks if you have a van or svu.
5	Hard working workers here to make sure your car comes out clean and shine.
5	HAND CAR WASH!I am unsure if this is as important for others as it is for me, but definitely look into receiving a hand car wash instead of one from the machine. I had the pleasure of speaking with the manager while they were working on my car. He informed me that using a machine to wash your car would be bad because dirt, debris, and rocks from the car(s) in front of you could get stuck in the cleaning bristles and then make their way onto your car and its glass windows. He also says that hand car washes take care of the paint on your car much better than a machine wash does and explained to me their process. I thought it was pretty cool information to know and he was very nice!This was definitely the best car wash that I have ever had! I went for the VIP cleaning which includes the interior (vacuuming, wiping everything down, basically the works!) as well and let me tell you, it was SPOTLESS! They even managed to find my long, lost drivers license. I spent HOURS looking for it when I had first lost it! I ordered a new one, but now I will have two! Lol.While they are working on your car, there are benches along the sides of the shack, and then some against a wall. If it's open, you can go into the cashier's room to pay and then wait there since it's the only area that is air-conditioned.Don't judge its appearance because it is a small shack that is just not very attractive but they do great work here! They were definitely busy on a Sunday afternoon. I'll definitely be getting my car washed more often to keep it looking spiffy.
5	'Great service. Quick and spottless car
5	They do a great job!
5	I LOVE this car wash, 100% hand wash, vacuum & towel dry. For only $20 they vacuum every inch of your car including the trunk (if empty), hand wash your car & wipe down the inside console & door panels too!! They also scrub your wheels & tires so the look fresh from the showroom. It takes a little longer than your normal wash but that's what it takes if you want your car shining like new. I highly suggest this over those quick drive through washes cuz most of them leave scratches from not being properly maintained. When it comes to your car you should never go the cheap route
5	These guys do a great job. Best car wash I've been to in Las Vegas.
2	I got the Ultra $25 wash & clean job today. Their quality has definitely gone down from what it used to be. Windows have spots all over them and I had to remove lots of easy to clean spots all over our vehicle.Definitely debating on whether I'll be returning in the future.
5	This place is a total hidden gym. I live and work primarily in Phoenix, however I found this place about three weeks ago when I was in Las Vegas on business. I am back in Las Vegas and made sure to come back to this car wash after the long drive. They really take their time and do a great job.The owner is here from open to close and is always super interested in what's going on in my life. He also takes a special interest in ensuring the quality of his work. From the outside it's not a super fancy car wash but I'm paying for my car to be cleaned not paying to sit at a cool building. If you're in town make sure to stop by and check this place out.
5	This place is a total hidden gem. It didn't look like much on the outside but trust me they have the tools they need to get the job done right. They have such great attention to detail and do such a great job. They even use compressed air to blow out all the water from the doors and windows. We are from Utah and have family here so we drive down quite a bit, this is the only place we will get our car washed in Vegas.
5	Great hand wash at a reasonable price. Make sure to bring something to read while you're waiting on the benches at one side if the driveway. They take American Express but I always bring some cash to tip the guys.
5	A hidden treasure...all hand not even a belt to pull the car through (and scratch your wheels)...prices are reasonable at $16 for interior and exterior / mostly all high end german cars when i was there...staff was friendly i will return every time i am in town
5	Ever since I got my brand new car. I'm very anal about who cleans it. I need it to be spotless with no water marks left behind.I get the VIP wash for $25 that includes clean windows, vacuum, air freshener, hand wash, tire cleaner, wheel cleaner, tire shine, dash protectant, spray wax, sealer wax, towel dry, center console, and door panels.I give it a five star because I'm very pleased and satisfied with the work.
1	This place charged $20 for an exterior only wash of a sub-compact vehicle, not including tip.The sign outside the cashier clearly says $11 but that's a lie and the owner refused to acknowledge the posted prices.I won't be back.Update: After I mentioned the $20 charge to one of the workers in the drying area and pointed out it didn't include the tip, he went and talked to the owner, who then gave me a refund of the overcharge. Why not charge the right amount up front?
4	Good price, good quality of service. My MINI Cooper is happy. :)
3	Alright...., where do I start? Well, I must say the overall service was standard. Mediocre at best. This is not your detailing place so if you expect your prized car to look like a show room classic, look elsewhere. Prices are very affordable and the wash itself came out impressive since I didn't wash my car in like over a month. So anyways, I got the $16 Regular Wash (refer to photo). As I was waiting, I noticed they were wiping down the interior in my car. I was like, "Cool, less work for me." Anyways, after receiving my car, I get this funky smell that smelled like a mixture of body odor and rubber. I suspected they used dirty rags to wipe down the interior. I never roll down my widows unless I have to but this wasn't the case. I drove 20 minutes back home on the freeway with my windows down because I couldn't bare the smell. I ended cleaning my own interior for the next hour and it smelled much better. Oh, and then I noticed that there was tire shine on one side of my car while the other one didn't. I guess there wasn't that much communication between the employees.TL;DR: Wash is great, interior smell was horrible, no communication between workers that results in one side having tire shine than the other. Price is affordable if you're looking for a cheap wash.
5	If you are in Vegas and have to have your luxury or exotic car hand washed this is the place to go. No tracks to damage your wheels. And they are open sometimes until 7PM during Summer JIK you get stuck in traffic on the 15 and still need to have a clean car before heading out on the Strip!
1	I chose the 20 package carwash and entered the hut to pay. I give him my debit card and he runs it through. I ask for change for a 20 with my intentions to tip and he says no change.Then he says that it didn't go through and to try again. I give him my card and again he says it didn't go through cause I typed my pin number.I give him cash and go outside to check my bank account on my phone. I see a transaction just recently made saying flamingo carwash. I go inside to see if I can get my cash back since the transaction went through. The old Asian man says to shut up and says to call my bank. After a long battle I leave defeated and return to a car whose insides look like they weren't even touched. FML.
5	Five Star Review*****This is the absolute best car wash I have ever been to. It is like getting your car detailed in about 20 minutes.I chose the Ultimate Wash for &25, plus a $5 tip. I will tip more next time. I was not prepared for such great service.The inside of the car was immaculate. Every part of the upholstery, dashboard, and center console was shinning. The exterior was just as clean as the interior. Wheels, windows, door jams, everything!!Wow! Great job! I'm impressed.
5	The best car wash in town! Great quality and great price! I get the VIP wash every time! It's really worth the money to keep my audi in good condition. I also got my windows tinted here. It was speedy and looks great. I don't go anywhere else in town for a car wash.
