5	Looking for good ethiopian in Arizona? Look no further. The food is fresh and packed with flavor, the injera is soft and warm, and the owners and waiters have always been so sweet to me. OOOoooo!!! They have vegan coffee cake!
5	The best Ethiopian food in the Valley, and some of the best anywhere for that matter.  If you're a vegetarian you'll be in heaven, and if you're not... well, you'll still be in heaven.  The messob dinner is a best bet.  Also try the refreshing Ethiopian wine.
2	I had never had Ethiopian food before, so I wasn't sure what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised - the food was delicious. But the dining experience was terrible. They seemed understaffed for a Friday night - one waitress and one cook for a full restaurant. It took us around an hour to get our food, and when we did, our waitress had forgotten half of it. She apologized profusely and made it sound like she normally didn't wait tables, but it was frustrating. Our portions were also -very- small (which was strange, every other table seemed to have enormous heaping plates...maybe we ordered wrong!) and I left hungry. I'd like to give it another chance, because the food was very good, but I'm really hesitant.
3	I had never had ethiopian food before...  it was pretty good... the flavors are very unique, but good... with the main dish you eat a crep type bread with it... not as good as inidan nan but still ok... the inside of blue nile is nothing special... and i went during lunch and no one was there and it still took forever...  also the day we went the credit card machine was not working or somethign like that... the food was good but i am not a huge fan of the overall experience...
4	Ever had Ethiopian food??? Its better than youd think! Imagine a orgnanic crossbreed of middle eastern meets asian food!  The main sampler dish is served in scoops of various vegetable and meat medleys served on top of ethiopian bread. the bread in itself is interesting because the lack of yeast leaves it flat and soft. Dont let that deter you, because you tear it up like pita bread and scoop up the ingredients. it reminded me alot of eating hummus! if you are adventurous, go check it out! It is very tasty:)
4	A nice change from the typical chain restaurant in the Phoenix area, or the overpriced, snooty restaurants of Scottsdale.I frequented this place a lot, while I was living in Tempe.  The food is good and reasonably priced.  The Injera bread is delicious.  I like the tables for decor (clear tables with grains embedded inside).  The only negative is the shopping center its in.  Having this place in a mini-mall isn't exactly lending itself to ambiance, but I guess that's what you have to expect for AZ.
4	Surprisingly, Ethiopian food consists of more than 6 grains of rice and a few beans.  If you're a vegetarian like me or a vegan, this place will be a sanctuary for you, especially if you try their vegan tiramisu.  It's right across the street from the Tempe Improv, so stop by here for a very inexpensive, very tasty dinner.  Do not, however, make the mistake I did -- the injeera bread is not a napkin.
4	Excellent Ethiopian experience.  I prefer this restaurant to Cafe Lalibela because it tends more towards healthy vegetarian food.  The prices are similar, though seem slightly higher for certain dishes at Blue Nile.  Also, unlike Lalibela, Blue Nile has traditional Ethiopian style seating in half of the restaurant.  The atmosphere is overall a cut above Lalibela.  Both are located in somewhat unappealing strip malls.Blue Nile has numerous non-Ethiopian vegetarian dishes on the menu, and serves brown rice, as well as fresh made to order carrot and orange juice.
5	Since I moved from Tempe to San Diego, I have been mourning for my favorite place on earth. Excellent veggie selection, great quality of ingredients, friendly service and perfect location.You Tempe crowd out there, you might be suffering from the heat and you might be dying to move to San Diego. Let me tell you, DON"T if you are an Ethiopian food fan like me. You will be very disappointed as you will not find anything close to Blue Nile here. While there, enjoy it!
4	I agree w/ reviewer N.T. in that I prefer Blue Nile over Lalibela b/c of the better atmosphere. Given the choice, I prefer to eat ethnic food in the way I would if at someones home in that country. So yes, part of the restaurant's seating is "traditional" and I like that. In fact, Blue Nile also serves more traditional beverages such as spiced tea and honey wine. In fact, if I remember correctly, you can even experience the traditional table hand washing at Blue Nile. So the the entire experience is more authentic and the food is fantastic. I love the fact that the food at Blue Nile isn't American-ized. Like many other cultures, Ethiopians eat with their hands (not fork/knife). And here's a tip: you're supposed to place food in your mouth with your right hand only. If you've never had Ethiopian food & you want to try something "safe", might I suggest the Doro Wat. Its (dark meat) chicken simmered in a spicy red curry. So good and a very common dish. Enjoy!
3	3.5 StarsWhen my friend told me we were going to an Ethiopian joint for lunch after class, I was skeptical. When I think Ethiopian cuisine, I think empty plates. Do they even have food in Ethiopia? National Geographic makes it look like they don't. If they do, it must be twigs, right? But the food genuinely suprised this white ignorant fool. The meal was tasty and a little strange, but exciting. The spongy dough is odd looking, but definitely edible! I've only been once, and am not craving to return. But definitely worth trying once since it's a different cuisine. You better clean your plate off, there are starving people in Africa.
2	Now I know why all the Ethiopians are starving!  I would be starving too if this is all I had to eat!  I guess maybe it's just not my thing, since all the other reviews are mostly positive, though in my group of 9 not a single person liked the food (maybe the not liking it was contagious).  I will say that the interesting atmosphere and food did make for an interesting experience.  I wasn't a big fan of the injera (flat bread), it was like a sock.  I had a sampler plate.  The portions were enough for an 8-year old, and some of the dishes looked like barf.  For me, the food wasn't gross, but it was nothing special for my tastes buds.  If you like trying new things, it's not a bad idea to give this place a try.
5	I am so glad that the Entertainment book had a coupon for this place.  A girlfriend of mine and I went for dinner and I just LOVED it.  I can not wait to go back.  We got a vegetarian sampler plate and the waiter (owner maybe?) threw in a free additional item on the sampler.  Everything was super yummy but I think my favorite was the collard greens.  Mmmmm.... I am craving it again.
5	The food, atmosphere, and service are great. I love their house iced tea and their vegetarian messob platter has everything for  perfect meal. I like to go here for lunch specials or for a date (eating with your hands is romantic!).
4	vegan-friendly, very tasty, good service, hells yeah!  also, vegan dessert.
5	ohhhhhh myyyyyy sweeeetttt  lord, this is amazing! I am ending my review right now bc I JUST decided this is what I am having for dinner. i can't stop thinking about it. get the creamy curry chicken, you will die. and the beef tibbs? DYING. and the misir watt? INSANE. LOVE LOVE LOVE.
3	This place is in a strip mall, so that already seemed kind of out of place to me, but then I saw the greek place and the indian place two doors down, interspersed with a barber shop and nail salon.....yes, still seemed out of place. I always want to get my nails done and then go eat with my hands at ethiopian food! That aside, inside this place it is actually pretty decently decorated and they even have half of the place set up where you can eat on those little chairs and basket tables for a more authentic time. Our waiter was really white, and when he brought us our sambusas he gave the vegetarians in our group the beef ones and said they were lentils!!! You would think that a vegetarian friendly place wouldn't do that!! That aside the sambusas were a little smaller than usual, but they were pretty tasty.  Their vegan lentil plate did not really do ethiopian food justice here, but their other veggie curry and bean options were pretty good and flavorful. We had to ask for extra ingera (ethiopian naan basically) and water too, but the meat lovers liked their meat plate and  veggies liked their veggie plate, after they spit out the beef from before!!!So Blue Nile watch out for beef posing as lentils!
4	I am beginning to think that run-down strip malls equipped with weird comic stores and nail salons point to good food nearby. Blue Nile is tucked back in the corner of an old strip mall, but you can smell the spices a-stewing from a block away almost. The smell is very indicative of the food - standard, inexpensive, delicious Ethiopian cuisine, complex flavors, huge variety, vegan friendly (if not encouraging) and utensil-less.The service was great and helpful, as I am usually indecisive when presented with so many tantalizing options. I highly recommend (as do employees) the vegan combo - you can try 5 dishes with all the bread you want! Yes please. If you're super hungry you may just need all that injera and more, because the portions of each dish are just a little small for a very hungry Joe. For me though, they were perfect. I will admit, the temperature of my food was a little colder than I prefer, but I got over it. The price is nice and the food finger-lickin' good....really, don't use a fork. The experience is so much more without it.
4	This place is awesome. I love the collard greens!!! Everything is just amazing.  Every time I am in town, this is where I want to go for lunch.
5	What the fuck?  Seriously, why do people think jokes about starving Ethiopians are funny?  Should we start off reviews about Jewish bakeries with Holocaust jokes, or Chinese places with the Rape of Nanking?  "Hey, I really enjoyed this Japanese restaurant!  I thought everything would be  MICROWAVED though, GET IT? BECAUSE EVERYONE DIED IN AN ATOMIC EXPLOSION!"Anyway.  Classic Tempe debate: Lalibella vs. Blue Nile.  I like Blue Nile more - relaxing atmosphere, slow food, and the raw nights are really cool.I've only tried the raw chef's food once - we had the sushi - and it was really out of this world.  I used to scoff at the idea of raw restaurants, but now I can see the appeal.The food does seem to have gotten a little less flavorful over the past couple years - it's still good, just more subtle.  I have a feeling if you ask for things spicier, they'll accomodate you.Don't be afraid to chat up your waiters/waitresses if you have any questions, or are a fan of Ethiopian food who doesn't see what you want on the menu.  When I lived in Tempe, I was here enough to be something of a regular, and the wait staff would ask if we wanted to try out new dishes, which were always fantastic.
4	I agree with Ben H. The jokes about starving Ethiopians are not only old, they are ignorant and tired. That being said, I would also like to address the age old question: to Lalibela or to Blue Nile? Well, I was a die-hard Lalibela fan. It seems to me that those who eat meat prefer Blue Nile, while those who chomp veggies like Lali-better. I have been both a meat-eater and a vegetarian at both places, and I have to say that based on the Ethiopian cuisine, Lalibela wins for me every time. The spicy chicken use to be my favorite... well, you can read my Lalibela review too. So what brought me back to Blue Nile? Chef Ron. On Sundays and Mondays (from open at 11am until close at 10pm), Chef Ron serves up the very best in RAW CUISINE! That's right, folks. Chef Ron is the resident expert in raw vegan cuisine and he shows off his talents at Blue Nile two days per week. Before you think, "why would I pay for a bunch of raw rabbit food?", you should know that raw cuisine has depth, complex flavors, and usually requires a sophisticated palette. I like it anyway. After some raw dolmas (I wasn't so big on the collard greens wrapping), Super Yogi and I ordered the living lasagna while hubsky went for the onion bread sandwich. After the requisite "my food is cold" jokes, we dug in. It was tasty. The flavors of the zucchini flat noodles with the spinach and mushrooms (which I usually avoid)... the tangy marinara... and most of all the cashew ricotta... ok, it would have been nice if it was a little warm, but it was delectable. Hubsky's sandwich was tasty, but the grain mustard was a little much for me. The sandwich was packed with tasty veggies and tons of flavor. I saved room for the cinnamon roll, which apparently is a staple while the rest of the menu changes based on local availabilities. It looks small, but it packs a punch. The thing with raw cuisine is that you can't have expectations. For instance, if you order a cinnamon bun and expect a warm doughy mess, you'll be disappointed. This is indescribable. No, I tried. I can't make it sound anything close to what it is. Just know, it is cinnamony and rolled up. Some other sample menu items include mango chili, watermelon gazpacho, zucchini hummus, banana ice cream, and orange cream pie with dark chocolate crust. Have I convinced you yet? Get off your butt and go!
4	Thanks to the Blue Nile, I'm gradually being weaned from my fascination with meat dishes and am getting to appreciate vegetarian cuisine more. I do order their lamb dishes, which are delectable,  but their vegetable dishes are truly the bomb! And I love the injera, the traditional spongy flatbread that comes with the meal. The first time I ate at this restaurant, I thought the entree portions were small (I have a huge appetite and can go through a buffet like a vacuum cleaner and not gain an ounce; my friends hate me for that).  But now I believe that the injera swells like a sponge in your stomach, because every time my friends and I dine here, we always leave not just very satisfied with the food, but feeling really, REALLY full ;-)
3	Ok, now this is my first time. I am qualifying this review to be fair as I am not a cultured eater. I am a steak, burger, salad (I have also ate other cultural foods, but this was the farthest out of my comfort zone that I have been). I have to say that the waitress was very helpful and the food was pretty good, again I am not used to Ethiopian food. The injera bread was alright, kind of a different taste. I was told about this place from some customers of mine and I decided to try it with my girlfriend. Now as I haven't given the old 5 star review of this, I will try this again. Maybe with a crowd or group of friends to try that experience. The atmosphere was very comfortable and enjoyable and would recommend others at least try it out if you haven't already.
4	First of all, Google Maps, your walking directions to get here are wrong, wrong, WRONG. My boyfriend and I walked in the completely wrong direction down University, following the directions Google gave me, until we called Blue Nile and were told the cross streets were Rural and University: in the opposite direction. It is hot here, okay? I'm sorry we don't drive but that is no reason to punish us. We ended up getting there around 1030 in the morning (early risers) and were confused by the sign on the door saying they opened at 12 PM, when the phone-answerer had just told us 11. They did, however, open their doors at 11, when we entered and were greeted by Marly (sp?), who asked us if we were here for Ethiopian or Raw food, because the raw menus weren't printed yet (new menus weekly-a good sign!) We chose to read over the Ethiopian menu and decide on any additional raw items later. Since we were the first ones there, she asked us where we would like to sit, and we opted for the bright dining room with wooden tables, yellow-orange painted walls, and colorful art and carvings. The other room, with lower wicker seats and curtains, looked very cute, but with much less light, and we wanted to see the food as we enjoyed it. What we ordered (caveat--I'm recovering from a cold so my tastebuds are not at their best; you may want to read Daniel's review of the same meal when he gets to Yelp): 1) Ethiopian black tea - this was an unsweetened iced tea, but still very refreshing, with the wonderful scent of and slight taste of cardamom and cloves. They did not even laugh when I poured (and spilled) some of the tea into my water bottle because it was so good. 2) Sambusas - we started with one order of collards and potato sambusas (one for each of us). The skin was much thinner than the Somalian sambusas that we're used to, and the filling was much less spicy. The yogurt-based dipping sauce, however, was incredible and really enhanced the dish, although it too was mildly spiced. 3) Vegan combo - We got the chickpeas, red lentils, eggplant, collard greens, and split peas combo, which is technically for one but was definitely enough for the both of us. They are all delicious although, again, not as spicy as I was hoping for (again, tastebuds and sinuses may be at fault). My two favorites were the split peas and collards. The eggplant was not as soft as I like (I only liked eggplant if it is mushy, personal preference), and the red lentils were too sweet. The best part, of course, was the injera on top of which the food was served, when the flavors have soaked into the little pockets. 4) Raw desserts: Persian Cashew Custard and Raw Banana Ice Cream. I'm not a dessert person but Daniel definitely loved them. The texture of the custard was great, very creamy, and I think it had a touch of saffron. The banana ice cream basically tasted like cold banana to me, with a raw chocolate syrup that I really loved. The service, by the way, rocked! Marly was so attentive and nice, coming up to us often and ready to answer any question. Admittedly, there were not many other people, but I noticed her giving that same degree of attention to a woman who was clearly a regular. I will definitely be back sometime in the next 3 weeks that I'm stuck here in Tempe, to enjoy the excellent food, ambience, and company.
3	Be warned: this place hasn't updated their store hours. My girlfriend and I went on a Sunday looking for one last place to eat before I would have to leave Arizona and the store sign said they weren't open until 12pm, when in fact, they actually opened at 11am. We only found out of their actual business hours by calling the restaurant and by then we had spent almost an hour waiting at a Del Taco across the street eating $.57 tacos. Agh. Getting into the restaurant, surprisingly, was the least pleasant aspect of the trip. Once we were inside, we were greeted by Marley, one of the waitresses. She was extremely nice and did a great job of making us feel welcomed and was very attentive to possible dietary restrictions - such as veganism(she pointed out which dishes had yogurt in them and provided possible alternatives). My girlfriend and I, despite already being half satiated from Del Taco, were enticed enough by the menu selection to go ahead and order more than a full meal. We got:1. Potato and Collard Sambussas - The skin was thinner than most sambussas I've had(which isn't a bad thing - in fact, I enjoyed it very much) which, as a result, gave the sambussa a very nice crispy outer layer. The filling was on the milder side but went very well with the spiced yogurt sauce that was provided for dipping. 2. Vegetable Combo/Platter - - Eggplant - It's a bit tangy and some bites didn't taste like eggplant - Red Lentils - Surprisingly sweet - I definitely enjoyed it - Yellow Split Peas - This dish was also more on the sweet side - enjoyable - Collard Greens - Not bad but not great - more spices please! - Spiced Chickpeas - Probably the most spiced dish we got which is a good thingMy main complaint is that the dishes were far too mild for my taste. I wish they had more spice! The restaurant, on certain days of the week(only two, I think Wednesday and Sunday?), offers a special raw foods menu. Like most raw foods, it's definitely on the pricey side and portions take a noticeable cut. We got two desserts:Banana Ice Cream Sundae - The ice cream was nice and refreshing - not overly sweet though at times I felt like we were just eating mashed up frozen banana. The raw chocolate sauce was the real star. It has a very distinct nutty taste that chocolate syrup normally doesn't have. I can see how it is probably a hate-it-or-love-it kind of thing but I absolutely enjoyed the sauce. Chai Custard - This was my favorite dish here. Too bad I didn't have enough room to finish it. The texture was incredibly smooth and provided wonderful tactile sensations to my tongue as I ate it. No one spice was overpowering and I could taste all the different spices in the custard(cardamom, chai, cinnamon). Definitely a must try.  The prices for the food were decent. It was $8.95 for the vegetarian platter which came with a good amount of injera - we definitely left stuffed. The raw foods, on the other hand, are much pricier. The custard itself was $7 - almost the cost of the entire vegetarian platter. This restaurant would be great for people with low tolerance to spicy food, but for me, I prefer a lot more kick in my food.
4	On Sunday and Monday they have a Raw menu and I highly suggest you give it a try. The prices are a tad higher but the resulting flavors are awesome. Check out the dehydrated crackers and cinnamon rolls!The owners are really friendly and helpful as well.
1	This used to be my FAVORITE place to eat.  Today that sadly ended. First, they might be under new owners as the menu changed and the taste was a little different.  But, the worst thing that happened when I went today was that a saw a HUGE roach. The chef came out 2-3 times to try to kill it. he also used the word again, making me think this wasn't a new problem.  And, the worst part was that he asked the customer who pointed it out if she was scared of it. Um, I am scared that it has likely run around my food and nested in the ingera before you gave it to me.  So gross that you don't see to care!!!
5	Sweet Baby Jesus I love this place.  Little backstory: I like my meat as rare as humanly possible. When I order a burger Medium Rare at a restaurant and they tell me they don't do that (which has happened to me at LEAST twice) I literally want to stab someone. Blue Nile will actually serve me RAW meat. It's called Kitfo and it's amazing. It's spicy and juicy and rich and indulgent and would probably shave about 10 years off of my life if I treated myself to it more than once every 6 months or so. It's like eating steak tartar as your dinner, with a side of two amazing veggies (I always get Collared Greens and Mushrooms and they are both awesome).  I've never ordered anything else, but my boyfriend mixes it up a bit and he's never been disappointed.  Last time he got the meat lovers, which was a platter of beef, lamb, shrimp, and chicken, with one veggie side of the collared greens.  I tried everything and of course it was all delicious and surprisingly dissimilar to one another, which to me seems tricky when you're dealing with a lot of curry and spicy based sauces.Just a side note (which actually makes this place even more awesome despite the slight inconvenience it was to our last visit): This place doesn't serve beer and wine anymore. BUT (and it's a good "BUT")...it is now BYOB!  For just a $5 corking charge! Love, love, LOVE Blue Nile.
4	They are a little understaffed, but the staff they do have is very knowledgeable and friendly. Take the time for the service, because the food is worth it. It is the best Ethiopian I have ever had. Great! They don't serve alcohol anymore but are a BYOB (with a service tab.) We had 4 people, ordered one of their 4 person dinners with appetizers each, a few tea rounds for each, and dessert, and it came to $25 a person. Great price for a great meal! Highly recommended for those wanting some culture and adventure. Just don't be in a rush.
4	Great food, great ambiance, and at an affordable and fair price.We ate here on a Monday evening, one of the evenings when a raw food menu  (as in prepared raw healthy vegetable dishes) was available in addition to the regular menu. We were in the mood for the Ethiopian food so we only ordered an appetizer from the raw food menu. The Thai cucumber salad was delicious and refreshing. It tastes nothing like a Thai cucumber salad you would get at a Thai restaurant  - this had a creamy  but not thick dressing with mostly mung beans and noodles made out of vegetables with some cucumber and other veggies and mint leaves and sesame seeds sprinkled throughout. It was a great start to the meal. We shared two of the combos, trying almost all of the vegan dishes and one chicken dish, and one beef dish. We enjoyed all of the dishes though the lentils with cumin were my last favorite. I had  the house brewed iced tea which was also refreshing, having a slight allspice-type undertone - or maybe chai-like (without the milk).She had lemonade and liked it as well.We left full and satisfied but not stuffed in a bad way. (Also with two combos we had a bunch left over that we brought back home) We'll definitely be returning to try additional dishes and more of the raw menu. We love the fact that this is not a large chain restaurant and has excellent food at a price that will keep us returning.Overall great experience.
4	A cool place hidden in the middle of other stuff. Don't get confused by the presentation outside. Inside is a warm and cozy place with yummy food. They have many things for a vegetarian and now they are with this RAW Sundays and Mondays. Give it a try, as well to its coffee!!
5	Okay, So I'm from the bay area-born and raised...supposedly from one of the places where there are the better of ethnic foods.  I tried Ethiopian food at some place in Oakland, which is supposed to be the best one (there are three or four right next to each other/ across the  street, etc.).  I must say, I was not a fan.  I mean, it was okay, but I wouldn't go back on my own.Fast forward a few years, and I start Grad school at ASU and my roommate asks me to come with her to her favorite Ethiopian restaurant, The Blue Nile.  I hesitate, but to be nice, I come along.  She goes to sit on the right side of the restaurant, where they have more "ethnic" seating arrangements (wooden stools, and these wicker things where they put the trays of food).  I think to myself, "weird, but okay..."  We get the menu and she tells me what her favorites are, I assess the menu (which is different now than it was two years ago), and we both end up ordering the same thing.The food comes (no utensils-"ethnic," but I'm Indian, and used to eating with my hands) and we break apart the injira and start eating.  It was sooo good!!  Just thinking about it is making my mouth water!!  The food is well flavored and the helpings are quite hearty.  I think I got the non-veg plate which comes with one non-veg dish (some kind of chicken) and two veg dishes (the eggplant and red lentils).  It is one of the best things I have eaten in  Tempe.Fast forward another two years, to last week, and I bring my mom and sister to this place.  My mom is excited to try it, but my sister is hesitant.  No matter what I try and tell her, I know she's not feeling it, but I know that once she tastes it, her mind will have changed.  We come, and invite my roommate-since she exposed it to me in the first place and cuz she's awesome.  We order, get our food, eat it, and now it is one of my sister's favorite foods!
5	Like others who have reviewed before me, everyone always compares Cafe Lalibella to Blue Nile. And aren't Phoenicians lucky to be able to compare two great Ethiopian food restaurants? Heck, I'd never had Ethiopian before coming to AZ, so I consider us lucky to have such great places to eat. Getting off track...I prefer the Blue Nile Cafe for three reasons: Kay Seer Salad (beet salad), Shuro Watt (ground chickpeas with spices) and the House Iced Tea. The Kay Seer Salad is perfect - I have tried to recreate it, but can never get the perfect blend of beet, spice, and citrus tang. Even if you're not the biggest fan of beets, you can't help but enjoy this light salad. PS: It's vegan. Half of their menu is vegan.The Shuro Watt is perhaps the most delightfully blended mix of chickpeas, spices and happiness. It looks like mush, but you can never trust the appearance of the food to describe how it will taste. Just stick your nose over it and you'll be convinced. (Is that a hint of cinnamon? Maybe nutmeg? It's heaven, whatever it is.) I always, ALWAYS get the Shuro Watt when I eat here. ALWAYS.And there is nothing that compliments a meal better than a perfect cup of tea. One of the waitresses told me the "secret" for their black tea, and again, I have tried to recreate it but not perfected what I drink at Blue Nile. The hints of clove and cardamom in the tea are not overwhelming, but just right.I have eaten at Cafe Lalibella, and enjoyed it as well, but like I've stated, it doesn't compare (for me) to the Blue Nile cafe.
5	Came here last night with my friend who has not so much as ventured outside the American food realm.  He finds sushi to be disgusting and didn't even know what Indian food was.  He also continues to ask me about cooking tamales even though he knows I'm Spanish, but I think he does that for fun.Now when he suggested dinner, we could have opted for his standby of Chili's, but that would mean severely lowering my dining standards.  So I decided to open his eyes to a new cuisine, hence the trip to Blue Nile.  I'm a virgin to Ethiopian cuisine, but I'm trying to go the way of a pescatarian, and I know Ethiopian is very friendly to the vegetarian.This restaurant is located in the multicultural strip mall just east of Rural on University.  Total unsuspecting place of great food.  We settled into the second, larger room which has seating more traditional to that of Ethiopia.I was excited and menu offered so many choices.  My friend was completely lost and not sure of what to do.  We both settled on the samplers, me with the vegetarian and him with the meat plate.When the food finally came, it was arranged on this huge plate with injera at the bottom.  It didn't look like a lot to begin with, but looks are deceiving, as I couldn't finish a quarter of my dishes.  I can't remember the names, but I got the garbanzo beans, split lentils, eggplant, mushrooms, and squash.  I love eggplant, and the eggplant was my least favorite.  Everything else was just too good!My friend loved his food, even though he was unsure of what he was eating.  It was his first time trying lamb (I don't know how that's possible at 22), but he really enjoyed it.  Surprisingly we didn't make a mess, which seemed impossible to do.Overall, $22 pre-tip for a huge and flavorful meal, awesome deal!
5	Very good lunch specials, and the food here in general is delicious.  The lunch specials include drink and are very reasonably priced.  Service was great.  The vegetarian dishes are the best to get here, and the injera is always good.  I like Blue Nile better than Cafe Lalibela, I think the dishes here taste better.
5	I began my love affair with Ethiopian food last year when I went to visit a friend in New York and he opened my eyes to the delights of this interesting, yet amazing food.I'm not sure if I can actually classify it a "love affair" being that I have only been three times now, but it is what it feels like. With my recent gluten allergy, it has been terrible finding carbs and luckily the Injera bread is 100% gluten free (it is made with teff) so I can eat to my hearts desire!Another really neat thing about Blue Nile is that they serve a small raw menu every day, and a full blown raw menu on Sunday and Monday. I don't know of anywhere else in the valley that does this, so definitely a great thing to see! I cannot wait to come back and try their raw creations. That is, if you can pull me away from the injera :-)Now, the one drawback that ALMOST turns this place from a 5 to a 4 is that they have the scariest parking lot I have ever seen. I made Dallas G. watch me walk back to the car, in broad daylight, just to ensure I was not accosted. Well, that, and I have a great ass ;-)Oooo and they have this magical tea that has such a unique flavor. I absolutely love it!Extremely affordable, very tasty, great service... WINNER!!!!!
4	My first introduction to Ethopian food, and I can remember it like it was yesterday.  It's interesting and unusual, but nothing about it could be offensive.  It's just not *that* weird, despite how it looks and the way you eat it.  I don't know if I would recommend going for your first time w/out someone who's been before.  I wish it was served at a higher temperature and that the men's room had been stocked w/ paper towels, but otherwise I have no complaints and look forward to returning.  As a side note, the hummus here is excellent, and I would recommend starting with it if you're a little nervous about the whole idea.
4	I always enjoy eating family style with a group. That's the way to do it when you visit Blue Nile. My first visit was a few days ago, and I wasn't quite sure what to expect. Luckily I went with some people that knew what to get.We ordered a platter with some meat in the middle, and vegetarian sides around the outside. You eat by tearing off pieces of this spongy bread they serve with the food, and grabbing what you want off the tray with that. The food was simple items that were liberally spiced. I enjoyed my experience, and would gladly return.
5	Absolutely amazing! We accidentally discovered this place our first night that we moved to Phoenix while looking for a place for our vegan and gluten free friend, and have gone back at least monthly ever since.The portions are perfectly sized, and the prices are ridiculously low. The food is incredibly tasty, both vegetarian (even vegan) and meat alike. Whether you're in the mood for straight up Ethiopian, or wanting more of the traditional falafel, they have both options.Their house iced tea is a spiced chai (remembering that chai actually means tea), and is really refreshing. I love their lentil soup as well.  And then there are all of the delicious veggie options; I like to get the sampler with 5 choices for around $8.50, but if you only want a main one and 2 sides, they are all under $7 (for the veggie ones). The injera is fun to eat with and very tasty.Also, we love the staff.  Always friendly, willing to make suggestions, help a newbie to Ethiopian when we've brought friends, and more. We actually celebrated our anniversary here because we like it so much; complete with raw, vegan pumpkin pie.  Best pumpkin pie I've ever had, and there wasn't even any pumpkin in it.Blue Nile has stolen my heart, and I'll be going back quite frequently.
3	I was so excited to go and this was my first time having Ethiopian cuisine. I went with a friend who had been many times. The food was great but the service was HORRIBLE!!!! The girl sat behind the counter on a personal phone call for about 10 minutes before even bringing us menus. Our drinks also took a while to arrive. Once we ordered our food it came out pretty quick but then a personal friend of hers arrived and she ignored us for more than 30 minutes!!! We were the only people in there (other than her friend, of course)!! We ran out of injera which of course meant we had to stop eating and it wasn't until we interupted her personal conversation to ask for more that we actually got some. We didn't interupt her until we had sat without bread for at least 15 minutes. I overheard her tell her friend she was new so hopefully Blue Nile will realize she is worthless and get a new Employee who is more concerned about doing her job than socializing. All of that said (phew) the food was great and I will give them one more shot to provide some customer service. I work in the service industry and bad service is my pet peeve!! I've heard a couple people mention Lalibela and I think I will try them next time.
4	I had a lunch date here in January.  Anna said Ethiopian was her favorite food.  So, I said that I always wanted to try Ethiopian and suggested going on a date.  It was easy to hook her in because I asked her to her favorite food!  The date was pretty good, and the food was better.  I was surprised that I liked Ethiopian.  It's not my favorite, pizza is still #1!  Ethiopian is unique because there is no fork, and you use this rolled soft bread to scoop the food.  Additionally, it was cheap.  We split a meal for only $11 after tax and tip.  I was kind of annoyed that my date offered to pay her half because it was so cheap, and we split our food.  I ended up paying for hers, and unfortunately, she was flaky, didn't call me back, and was an unsuccessful first date.  However, the one thing I can treasure about our date was having the opportunity to try Ethiopian.
5	Every time I go I am thrilled.If you haven't been for raw nights (Sunday and monday now, used to be fridays) you should really check it out. Its fresh, inventive and tasty! A lot of raw food tastes like an experiment, but they have obviously worked out the kinks before serving it here.If you are nostalgic for Gentle Strength (the co op that closed), it may not live up to your memories, but it is good enough that you'll create some new ones here.The menu is still exceptional all week long, serving up an array of perfectly spiced vegetable dishes. Yes, I said perfectly. Usually if I eat out and love something its "almost as good as I make" but I've eaten here a ton and DDDDDAMN they rock my worldI don't eat meat, but I have brought plenty of picky carnivores here and they all love it too.the vegan coffee cake is simple enough to make you wonder why you don't make one yourself but then suddenly you'll awake with a craving and nothing else will do.This food really is addictive and i'm not trying to quit any time soon!
4	The location and decor are downscale, but the food is delicious, inexpensive, and healthy.Plenty of vegan options.There is no alcohol served, but the spiced tea was very good.
5	Maybe it is not the fanciest restaurant around, but food there is superb. Any time i m back to Phoenix, I will go back there for a dinner.
5	by far my favorite restaurant right now. I've been at least 10 times in the last 6 months. I love taking new people for Ethiopian food. The injera is really good and a nice change of pace from the normal breads or fries you get in other restaurant types. The healthy eater is delicious and has some great spices. The curry chicken is a very mild curry and is packed with flavor. A little difficult to eat with the injera, but they'll give you a fork if you ask. The Gored gored is pretty good too. Most people's stomachs churn when they think of eating raw beef but it's actually pretty good. I think it would be a bit better if they used a higher quality cut of beef, but it was still pretty good. Covered with some great spices and you don't even notice that it's raw. For vegetable sides, i prefer the split lentils, the chickpeas and the carrots and potatoes. The lentils have a cinnamon type spice in them that makes them great.Some nights the service is a little slow, but for the most part they do a good job. They are very helpful will explain anything if you have questions. They also serve raw dishes on a daily basis. Last time we tried the raw cinnamon roll.  Not sure why it's called a cinnamon roll. I guess it did have cinnamon in it, but it didn't look or taste like a cinnamon roll. One of my friends said it tasted like a Clif Bar, which it totally did. It was pretty good, not sure if its worth the $5-7 for it, but it was something nice to try once.
5	I am a meat lover! That said... this is one of only two vegan friendly / vegetarian focused restaurants that I love and crave! I love the ambiance with friends, and you can't beat their black iced chai!
4	I know little about Ethiopian food. I'm an adventurous eater, and was taken here to try it. And I must say, now, that I am a fan! The food was very cheap, and incredibly flavorful. So, if you're on a budget, and want to either impress a date with your culture, or are a foodie, this is a great place to try! I am writing it only as 4 stars only because I haven't tried any other Ethiopian food. However, I pretty much don't want to risk tr.ying another place ;)The Ethiopian tea they serve is fantastic, along with your meal. The portions are generous, along with generous amount of of injera. We has more than enough food around us, and left stuffed.The dish that especially impressed me, was the curry chicken. So much so, that I continually kept enjoying the injera in the sauce. All the vegetarian food was delicious! I, unfortunately, don't remember the names of everything, but the greens were some of the best I've ever had, along with a lentil dish. Also, I rated this good for kids, however, that's only because I have a toddler that eats anything! If you don't have problems feeding your kid unique food, I suggest an attempt!In short, if you're a big food fan, or want to be a little more adventurous on your food options, especially for a great, fair price, try Blue Nile!!
4	This place is close to my university and perfect for a sunday lunch. With a wide variety of dishes in the menu and the soft injera bread, this ethopian place is a must visit.
5	Really great food and good prices. The atmosphere is nice too. The desserts are soooo good.
5	After letting J know I was taking him out to dinner for his birthday last night, I had to decide on a place to go. He wanted Indian. I wanted...something different. I told him, "We're getting Ethiopian." His reaction and response, "Umm, I'm trusting you on this one!" LOL  He'll try anything, as long as "animal flesh" is to be consumed. So, off we went to Blue Nile for dinner! The plaza where its located should have the "Its a Small World" song playing, because there is everything from Pizza to Thai in that plaza! We walk inside, and being the only ones there, we pick out what i think is the best table in the place (in the traditional seating area, in the corner). We sit down and Amir, our server, is extremely helpful! He suggests we try the Meat Lover's Combo for J, and the Vegan Combo for myself. We also order some Chicken Sambussa. The Sambussa's come out about 10 minutes later, nice and hot. J bites into one and says, "This is awesome!" Whew! Dodged a bullet there! I try one and it reminds us a little of an egg-roll. Tasty! NEXT! Our dinner comes out a few minutes later, and Amir points out all the different dishes we ordered - Which one was which. We tear into the injera and dig in! Wonderful!!! We sampled each others dishes, and the results are as follows : J's favorites in order - Zegeney, Inguday, Lamb Tebbs, and Misir Watt J's least favorite - Chicken Tebbs (J said the chicken was a little dry) My favorites in order - Shrimp Watt/Misir Watt (TIE), Zegeney, Begerdan, and Tikil Gomen/Atkilt Watt (TIE). My least favorite - Kik Alitcha (we got to try it for free, thank goodness) They were out of the Gomen Watt, which was unfortunate. Oh well! Next Time!! Cause we'll be back!!  :)
5	We went to this place for my birthday, wanting to try out something new. We'd never had Ethiopian food and we were very adventurous. Be warned, we had a GPS and we had a very hard time finding it, it's tucked away in a little corner!Once we found it and stepped inside, we were definitely wow'd! The waiter answered our questions about the food, and suggested that if we really want the Ethiopian experience, to try out the Strictly Vegan combo. We ordered Tikil Gomen, Misir Watt, Kik Misir Watt, Gomen Watt, Shuro Watt, and the Dubba. We fell in love with the Shuro and the Misir Watt. The Shuro is chickpeas in a cinnamon/spicy sauce, and the Misir is spiced lentils. Soooo tasty! Even non-vegetarians will enjoy this place, and they do have meat dishes.
3	I prefer Indian food, but decided to venture down a few doors to The Blue Nile Cafe. It wasnt bad. Interesting atmosphere. The food was pretty good, but I really didnt like the injera. I dont know if I will return here, but I will definatley try this cuisine again.
4	It has been a while since I have eaten at Blue Nile.  Maybe a year or two.  I remembered thinking that this place was not very good flavor wise compared to Cafe Lalibela so I have been going there instead.  However, I had a coupon and was craving Ethiopian food, so my husband and I thought to give this place another try.   So glad we did.  I'm not sure if there is a new cook in the kitchen, if it is under different management,  or if my memory just isn't that great, but things seemed a bit different from what I had remembered..and definitely for the better.   For example, they now seem to have a raw food menu, which I don't recall them having back in the days and their regular menu seems more extensive than before, allbeit a little confusing sometimes.  For example, the non-vegan entrees come with your choice of two veggie sides (from the vegan menu) but that is not stated on the menu.  Nor is it stated on the menu that the veggie sides one chooses from for their meals are listed under vegan entrees since these  "sides" may also be served as entrees.  It makes sense, but all this is not readily apparent when you just look at the menu.  The food was excellent.  My husband and I both got the Blue Nile Messob, which is a combination plate that includes a half portion each of beef tebbs and chicken doro wat, and three full portions of any veggie side.  My husband had the tikil gomen (cabbage and potatoes), a lentil side I can't recall the name of, and one other side which I also forgot.   (I was too engrossed in my meal to pay attention to his).  LOL.  I had the gomen wat (collard greens), begerden (eggplant), and duba (yellow squash).  Each side was not only full of flavor, but also had their own distinct taste and texture.  My husband commented on how he preferred Blue Nile to Lalibella, because at Lalibella a comparable dish would have sides that kind of run together in flavor and texture.  I think I would agree with him to a certain extent.  Not necessarily in flavor, but definitely in texture.  The veggies and such at Lalibella are, I believe, put through a food processor and so the natural texture of each veggie is lost.  But at Blue Nile, the veggies are instead chopped into small pieces.  A small difference, but it does change the experience of the food.  With the coupon (20% off) we spent about $26 including 2 non-alcoholic drinks and a 20+% tip.  I can't say whether or not Blue Nile is better than Lalibella.  They both seem to have their pros and cons, which don't necessarily have to do with the food's flavor, but more so personal preferences on texture, price (Blue Nile is a bit pricier than Lalibella), and types of offerings (Blue Nile seems to have a more extensive menu than Lalibella).Open 7 days a week from 11 am - 10 pm.Lunch specials on week days from 11 am - 3 pm.Sundays and Mondays they serve raw and organic food, as well as their regular menu.
5	We come here a lot for lunch. Such reasonable prices (usually around $16 total with drinks) and delicious healthy vegetarian choices!  Love the injira bread and all the choices. We haven't tried the raw food menu much, but hope to in the future. Their falafel salad is great.
5	gotta love their RAW chocolate treats!!!
4	We heard about this place from Yelp, and decided to check it out today. It's located in a strip mall close to ASU and the light rail, and is quite affordable, so I guess it's really popular with students. It's a largish restaurant, really casual---so much so that you can sit wherever you want, no hostess seating. The menu had plenty of vegetarian and vegan options, but we went for the meat lovers combo and creamy chicken curry. We asked for shrimp instead of chicken in the last one. The food arrive in about 10 minutes, and was delicious. We wanted to share the food, and the server said if we had informed them earlier, they would have divided the portions into two different plates! Plus points to them for being so cool! The injeras were really filling, and we mopped up the spicy vegetables, lentils, beef curry and chicken served in the meat lovers combo. Two of us couldn't finish the whole thing, so we just got a box to go. I would have given them five stars but their menu did not have any fish items. I'd had Ethiopian food in Los Angeles, and simply loved the grilled fish we'd ordered, and I was looking forward to order that here, but it was missing from the menu. But I'm definitely coming back here for more.
4	Very yummy.  Great for vegetarians and non alike.
4	I tried this place last night for the first time, and I really enjoyed it. I've had better Ethiopian food (try Cafe Lalibela) but, kudos on adding more vegan-friendly restaurants, Phoenix!It seems like the vast majority of items on the menu are vegan... why don't they just bite the bullet and make them all vegan? That's my only question.I very much enjoyed the Ethiopian hot tea which came in a large pot to serve two people. I also loved the vegan combo sampler, which (if you order two of them, plenty of food for three people) allows you to try one of everything! The injera is especially delicious.While I wouldn't quite say that this is my favorite Ethiopian food restaurant in Phoenix, it's certainly growing on me. Next time... I'll try dessert.  :-)
4	This review is long overdue.  Unfortunately I generally forget to review places and the ones that are the most memorable (ie: the worst or the best) are generally the ones I review.  Well anyway, a friend and I tried this on a whim because neither of us had tried Ethiopian food before and hey they are veg friendly which is always nice for me.  We went when it was fairly empty - I think it was a week night or something - so the service was kind of lacksadaisical (did I spell that right....I've always wanted to use that word in a review) and I'm pretty sure our server was doing homework behind the register but hey whatever, we weren't in any kind of hurry.  She was very helpful when it came to answering our questions and advising us on what we should try and I wish I could remember what we did have but it's been too long and I admit that I just kind of went with her suggestions.  The food was pretty good, not spectacular, but tasty and filling.  I loved the spongy flat bread but my friend did not I think mostly because of the texture.  I think we both ended up preferring what the other one got which is always entertaining.  Our waitress also suggested that we try the blueberry honey wine which was AMAZING!  I would go back there just for the wine!  Overall it was a pleasant experience and if I could find someone to go with me I'd go again in a heartbeat.  Ethiopian food doesn't quite break my top five favorite foods but it's pretty good and hey, I love any restaurant that serves a lot of veg food!
1	I must be the only person not giving this place a 5. I went here because of the reviews and I'm going to be honest, I'm not sure if this is because my taste buds are different or I went on a bad day? I went here for my birthday in April of this year and the food was disgusting....to me. I tried something from "raw food" menu and my husband tried an Ethiopian meal. This was the worst food I ever had in my life. If I could give this place a zero I would. Again, I was going to try something new, and I think that maybe, I'm just not into Ethiopian or raw food? I'm going to try another Ethiopian restaurant in the future and see if its just me or if it was The Blue Nile. But yeah....ill never go here again. After a few bites of everything, we didn't touch our food and basically wasted money.  We ended up canceling desert, tipping really good because the waiter was amazing...but leaving without a to-go box.
4	I finally tried Ethiopian food!  Blue Nile Cafe is a groovy little restaurant in Tempe.  My friend JR and I sat in the back room, which was very quaint.  I was able to try six of the dishes, due to the fact that you are able to add two sides to your plate.  My main dish was the Tikil Gomen ($6.99), which is a flavorful cabbage and potatoes dish! JR enjoyed the Blue Nile Tebb ($8.99), which is a beef dish with onion and green chili. Loved the fact that I could try so many dishes by us strategically not ordering the same side dishes.  My two favorite sides were- Kik Alitcha (delicious pureed yellow split peas) and Kik Misir Watt (red lentils with Ethiopian spices).  Very reasonably priced and excellent service.  I am excited for my next trip to the Blue Nile Cafe!
4	I LOVE Blue Nile Cafe! Their food is so fresh, healthy and flavorful! They have a delicious menu with lots of vegan and vegetarian options and their staff is super friendly. Their hummus plate is delish and their falafel is some of the best I've had. If you have a chance definitely give Blue Nile a try, you won't be disappointed!
3	This is my first time trying Ethiopian food and i can't say my taste buds agree with the food. Can't give a true rating on the food since am not sure how their food suppose to taste like. I was surprise that all our orders are put together in one plate over a sour-like bread. I didn't even know which one is mine. We are suppose to eat the food with the sour roll bread with our fingers, which i don't mind. I love finger food! However, I didn't like the sour taste in the bread therefore it kinds of ruin my taste. Also, i thought the soup that comes along with it was salty. And if you're use to Vietnamese coffee, their coffee is not very aromatic and has a somewhat tart taste. As for the price, very small portion for a high price!  Aside from that, I love the traditional setting. It's a very intimate setting good for a group of friends to chit chat. There are low basket seats with a low woven basket table. Also having all the foods order being on one huge plate and eating with your fingers giving you a sense of intimacy with your guests, being that they don't mind the germ.
3	Just "OK". I prefer Lalibela Ethiopian Cafe. Had the chix tebbs; meat was rather dry. The injera was good, nice atmosphere, quick & polite service. IMO, the food tasted like Westernized Ethiopian food. Won't come back.
4	It was good.  Cozy, nice place.  If you are in the mood to try something different. Then this is a good place to start.
4	I love Blue Nile! I have read the reviews saying it's not as flavorful as Cafe Lalibella down the road; however, I find them both to be extremely delightful and delicious. I love the veggie/vegan/raw options that are available. As a person with many veggie friends, this is always an easy and healthy choice to pick. They also have tea and amazing coffee. The only thing that is usually not impressive about Blue Nile is the service. Although there are a couple of nice people on the waitstaff, it's overall not up to par. If you go at a slow time, though, no worries.
4	I love Ethiopian cuisine...I first tried it in San Francisco because my uncle knew someone that knew how to make it!  It was amazing and then a really good family friend is from Ethiopia and he has just introduced me to even more fabulous food!  I would eat it everyday if I could...Blue Nile was the first Ethiopian restaurant that I tried in Phoenix.  I always passed in when I was in Tempe and one day I decided to try it.  I was impressed!  It was really good!  I do not know the names of the dishes but it was the chicken and I got it with the mushrooms and lentils...and of course the spongy bread that you eat everything with...I love the fact that you get to eat with your hands its awesome!  I wish that I would have been able to try many dishes at one time but that is ok...This place is great but Cafe Lalibela has the special place in my heart!  I will return and I do encourage people to try this place...
4	This place is a serious no brainer for vegans! Lots of options to choose from considering they have a vegan section on their menu. I got the vegan combo to go and everything was delicious. The portion sizes are large and I got over 2 meals out of my take out! I wish it was a bit spicier since siracha flows like ketchup in my house, but it was all very flavorful non the less. Tried the vegan raw strawberry shortcake dessert from new raw and organic menu and it was ok. I wasn't crazy about the frozen strawberry portion as it tasted like Italian ice, but the creamy filling and crust under that satisfied my sweet tooth!
5	As a vegetarian with a fairly adventurous palate, I love Ethiopian food. And now that I work in northern Tempe, I'm here all the time. It's filling, flavorful and inexpensive. I can have a pretty big dinner for less than $10. If you, like me, think spiced (though not particularly spicy) vegetables are the greatest things on Earth, definitely pay a visit to Blue Nile.
2	I was disappointed with Blue Nile. I normally go to Cafe Lalibela right down the street when I want Ethiopian, but I thought I'd give this place a try. Most of the food tasted like it had been cooked yesterday or was made with canned vegetables. Their salads are good, but the entrees were a waste of my money and I definitely won't be going back.
4	I am an adventurous eater and I love ethnic food...this was a new experience.  The waitress was extremely helpful in picking out the dish that would allow my friend and me to try many different things.  I loved eating with my fingers, well using the bread to scoop up each of the dishes.  This is a place worth trying.
4	I am not a vegetarian but you don't have to be to appreciate Blue Nile!  Great food and lots of it, friendly staff who are happy to explain anything on the menu, and one of the few places where 2 different atmospheres are offered... One side has tables like any restaurant but the other has small stools and pillows where you can sit around a tray of various entrees and share with your friends and family in a cozy setting.  Really cool place, don't miss out!
3	I really enjoyed the set-up of the restaurant. The side room looks very authentic. The staff are nice enough, although the service isn't exactly prompt and polite. Great food!
5	Blue Nile is one of my favorite places in Tempe! I get something different almost every time I go and I have been happy with everything I've eaten. I especially like their vegetarian dishes (more than the meat ones, which is surprising because I'm a big meat eater) and I LOVE their sambussas. So good. Also, their lunch special is great because for around 10 dollars you can get a vegetarian entree, a meat entree, and two sambussas.
5	Blue Nile offers something for everyone. They offer Raw foods during Mondays while the entire week they offer dishes for Vegan, Vegetarian, and Carnivores. The staff is very friendly, but some days the service can be a little slow which is quickly forgotten once you have your food in front of you. Their house ice tea is delicious with all its spices (reminds me of chai tea). As a omnivore, I always find myself ordering and devouring the Strictly Vegan Combo. The shuro watt (chickpeas), kik alitcha (yellow split peas), and inguday (mushrooms) are a must try. I love Ethiopian food and eating with my hands...the restaurant is heaven!
3	First of all, I LOVE Ethiopian food and have hit spots all over the world. That being said, this doesn't rank towards the top however it is good and also less expensive than many other Ethiopian restaurants I've been to. But all the same, nothing out of the three items I had really grabbed me. The same goes for my friends who also dined. The Kik Masir Watt was the most watery I've ever had and somewhat of a small portion too. It's my absolute favorite item on any Ethiopian menu so I was a bit disappointed. The flavor could use some tweeking too. They really need to work on this. The injera was good but could stand to be more sour. The Timatim Fitfit salad had one the strongest most unique tastes I've ever encountered but please understand this is NOT a salad but a puree (aka soup). Big difference, guys. Still, it was quite good however because the taste was so strong it was rather difficult to get it all down.. and we're not talking huge portions either. The final item was the vegan floret crunch which is lightly browned cauliflower topped with a rather heaping serving of sesame seed dressing (too much dressing!) and served over lettuce. This was a bit bland and could have used a couple of spices however it was still tasty. Long story short, I think they're onto something here and I appreciate the effort but they need to work out some kinks. Maybe I'll try it again way down the line..
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!! I had never eaten Ethiopian food before and this place has me hooked. Since I've eaten here I've been a bit more adventurous but I keep going back because there is no taste like their food. Their Rose Water Lemonade just adds to the unique-ness of this place. You have your option to sit at a regular dining table or sit at a tradition Ethopian table. At times the service can be a bit and off but the food makes up for that. I don't eat meat so the fact that they have such a large variety of veggie choices makes it all the worth while for me. They give good size portions of everything and if you let them know that there is something wrong they set out to fix for you right away. I absolutely recommend Blue Nile!
5	Blue Nile has great raw food.  This is important,, because there aren't too many places available to get raw food now.  Although it is bit pricey, having raw food available is important, due to the role the enzyme plays in the human body.  Raw food will cure cancer and make all other degenerative diseases go away.  It is true.  Read about it.....Since Rawsome Cafe of Tempe, which used to be in the old Coop on University, just west of Mill, I have had to go to Pomegranite which is all the way in Ahwatukee.  Thank you Blue Nile.  Your Ethiopian food is good too, but I'd love to see that raw food menu expand.....
4	Blue Nile has amazing raw food! I love going there to grab a bite on Sundays and Mondays! It is fresh and healthy. Also, the normal menu has great vegan options! I took my grandparents here last month and they both agreed that the food was among the best they have had!I recommend EVERYONE try their strawberry and orange vegan coffee cake, it is AMAZING.
4	We visit this place almost every weekend. The food is delicious and the staff is friendly. Some really great dishes to try are the lentil sambusa appetizer (the sambusa's are STUFFED with lentils and they are served with a yummy dipping sauce), the curried chicken (it's a pretty mild but very tasty curry), and all the legume-based wats. The injera is the real thing, made with teff (supernutritious)! A filling, healthful, and fun way to share a meal. :)
4	Great food, great prices and great service. You can choose to sit at a normal table or on the floor (nearly) style. Lots of vegetarian choices as well. :)
5	Friendly service, great vegan choices, flavorful food.  I love their spiced black tea, and vegan strawberry coffee cake.
5	Turned a friend on to this place a couple of weeks ago. We had the Ethio Strictly Vegan Combo.We picked:Shuro WattDubbaKik AlitchaMisir WattKik Misir Watt....and also we had the Vegan Falafel Salad which was very fresh, and the presentation was a work of art. Kudos to who put it together.Almost seemed a shame to eat it! The server was prompt, very friendly, and extremely helpful when it came to choosing what we wanted to combo up.I would not hesitate to come here again and would totally recommend this place to all my grass munching friends..
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Tempe. The food is great with many vegetarian options. The atmosphere is usually pretty quiet and the servers are all nice. Highly recommended
3	Great food but a little pricy for the small portion that you receive.
5	I'm obsessed with this place.  I feel bad for just getting around to reviewing it.  We go every Thursday.  Food alone this place is 5+ stars, it's so fun to sit on the traditional side.  Bring out of town guests.  I am not vegetarian but prefer the vegetarian ethipioian food.  Everything is good but I love all the lentil dishes, the cauliflower floret crunch and the Ethiopian coffee with Orange coffee cake is AMAZING!  Service is hit or miss and I mean really hit or miss.  Go early when the crowd is small.  It seems as if there is always one server working.  When it gets busy, make yourself comfortable. :)
4	This place tasted awesome!! A little tiny hole in the wall but no reason to avoid it. It was also my first time eating Ethiopian food. It totally rates in my top five favorite cuisines to eat.We started with the Sambussa, that was very good. The dipping sauce I think is what made it! We got the healthy eater platter with chicken atkilt and chicken tebbs. I think I liked the tebbs better though both were great.I got my sides of kik misir wat and tikil gomen. My husband got the Shuro Wat and inguday along with a main of I believe zegeney. Overall it was really good, I also loved how we ate the food with our hands using the Injera.The wait staff was also friendly.
4	it's a great place to experience. had a tasting menu and everything was really good. they have a cute traditional rooms with cool chairs.
4	{Dates of Actual Visit: 3/9/12 & 3/14/12}Good food, good service.  I'm a little late on my review as Blue Nile is now closed, but I came here twice before it closed down.  I'm a little disappointed that they are converting this to a middle eastern spot, but I guess it is redundant to have Ethiopian restaurants in such close proximity.  I learned that the owner has opened up a new restaurant Tsom, but I feel like each Ethi place offered something special.  The Veggie Combo and the Curry Chicken were good.  The Veggie Sambusas were tasty and the Vegan Coffee Cake was AMAZING!  How do they get it SO creamy?!I would also like to thank the owner for his hospitality as my friend had to do a project on teff (the grain that injera is made from) and he allowed us to see how the Injera was made.  Thank you!
2	The Blue Nile Cafe is now called Juba...yes it is the second location of the place in Phoenix.  Duong (my wife) and I went to Juba at this location is Tempe.  We ordered a Vegan combo for the Ethiopian style food.  The food was okay, but well, if I want Ethiopian food, I have two choices, and my wife will agree with me:1) Between my wife and I, we can make better at home, as we have learned how to make most of the Ethiopian style foods from our Ethiopian friends in Nashville TN.  2) We would go to Cafe Lalibela, just about a block away from this Tempe location.  The place needs a major makeover, and I hope that that new owners, who now call it Juba, put the effort to remake the place.  Many things in this place need to be updated and look old and unkempt.  As far as the food, Duong and I had the following:1) Shuro Wat2) Misir Wat3) Gomen4) Mushroom Wat5) Eggplant WatThe food was okay, and gave us additional ideas as far as what else is in Ethiopian cuisine, but the food is really too "AMERICANIZED" for our taste.  It does not taste anything like the Ethiopian or Somali style food we have had elsewhere.
5	This place is still open, but the name has been changed to Juba, and it is under new ownership. Same spot though, and the food has pretty much stayed the same besides a few changes in the menu. Anyway, I absolutely love coming here. My friend, Molly, is one of the servers, and I love her for introducing me to Ethiopian cuisine. It's definitely a very interesting blend of flavors, but now I come here about once or twice a week and stuff my face. I recommend trying both the vegan combo and the pita sandwich with chicken or falafel. The coffee drinks are delicious too and since they're made with Ethiopian coffee, the taste is very unique. If you've been hesitant about trying Ethiopian food, just get over it and go try the food at Juba. You won't be disappointed!
