5	It's fast, it's good, it comes swaddled in foil so you can unwrap and eat and unwrap and eat and unwrap...and...eat. More customizable than Chipotle, with options for vegetarians and vegans to boot, it's a Taco del Mar burrito! Hooray!
2	I really didn't enjoy this place. I went to the one at Fashion Square. I found it to be the worst quesedilla I ever had. I dont know how you mess up a quesedilla, but by-golly they managed to!
4	I dig Taco del Mar. It reminds me of a few of the burrito places I used to frequent in the Bay Area when I lived out there. They even have the option for Mojado Style (i favorito) which takes the finished burrito and soaks it in enchilada sauce and melts cheese on top. It's just as tasty as it sounds. If you're on the run. it's easy to pick up a burrito to-go in foil and eat it while you drive. (Though, it might be a good idea to sport a napkin over any sensitive clothing items. I'm not good about this.)Cheap burritos . . .  ain't nothin wrong with that!
4	Isn't surf and turf normally steak and seafood?  Yea.... their surf and turf was a fish taco and chicken quesadilla.  Mind you - that totally hit the spot, but surf and turf??Anyhow, this is an awesome spot.  Lots of great options.  They even had a pork mole burrito!!!  Who has that?  I just recently noticed it and I'm totally getting that next time.  Fast food/healthy mexican is something we could all use a bit more of in our lives if ya ask me - but so is their service.  The kid was so freaking NICE to me I thought someone from their corporate office must be in town.  Yea, THAT kind of nice.  And yet, he was a kind of mellow that most folks don't get naturally.  It could have been all the cool regge tunes giving him some flash backs.  All I care about is he was nice and he made one heck of a quesadilla.
4	Had lunch with the girls from work here today and it was delicious! I had a burrito with carne asada and all the fixin's just like I like it. It's like Subway in that respect, but edible, or Chipotle, but less rigid somehow. The chips and queso were alright and the iced tea was STRONG and tasty. The patrons were, shall we say, eclectic: from the unusual man in a business suit who danced his way out the door to "Kokomo" (which was playing at the time) to the grey skinned and skeletal heroin addict who combed the garbage in full sight of everyone. Eeeeep. Ah well, final memories of Tempe as I not so tearfully change jobs. Hello, NoSco...
1	Dudes. I spent half an hour at 1804 E Southern Ave looking for Taco del Mar and could not find it. supposedly it is in the same complex as the yoga studio and nutrition center, both of which i did find. I was totally jonesing for a taco but alas, left the Basha's strip mall quite unfulfilled. Perhaps Taco del Mar is one of those 'members only' places, or an old timey speakeasy but with tacos. Or was there simply an invisibility cloak thrown over it yesterday? I don't know, but I am still craving a good taco.
