4	Went to have a quick lunch here today with the hubby. The decor is  modern Asian and located in a really posh shopping environment. We were pressed for time, seeing that I had to be to work within the hour, so we decided to order sushi. Since we have not been to this redbowl location before, (have been to the on mt holly-huntersville rd) we asked our server what roll did he like. He informed us that he didn't eat sushi, so he was no help.So we ordered the redbowl roll and the snow white roll. We also ordered fried rice and Lo neon. The rice was average and the noodles were good. The sushi was really good as well. I will be visiting here more often.
4	We went to Red Bowl at the Promenade on Friday night with 2 other couples and had a really great experience. The place was packed, but they were happy to seat us even though our entire party had not arrived yet.  We were thrilled to see that they had 1/2 price bottles of wine and we decided to go ahead and order some wine and appetizers. Our server was very helpful and made some suggestions about the appetizers and was knowledgable about the wine.  (After our meal, he was also very accomodating about splitting the bill for each couple as well.)   About half of our party ended up ordering a big sushi boat and rolls and the rest of our party ordered hot entrees. Even though we ordered a boat to split, our server went ahead and brought each of us a bowl of miso soup, which was nice. Everyone was pleased with their food overall and we all went away happy. We'll definitely be going back.
2	I have been to another Red Bowl, but this was my first time at this location. We arrived a little after 1:30, hoping for the lunch rush to be over, and it was. We were greeted right away and led to the dining room, which was less than half full. The hostess proceeds to sit us next to an infant in a high chair, when there were clearly better decisions that could have been made there given the empty nature of the dining room. The hostess came right back and said she would be taking our drink orders, 2 minutes later she delivers a Pepsi and a water. So far so good, except for the screaming kid next to me. It is then at least 10 minutes before we first met our waiter, and he was clearly flustered and over-sat. He took our orders quickly, and was off. I ordered Mongolian beef which I love, my better half went with beef lo mein. We quickly got our egg & spring rolls, which were great, and fresh. The wait for the food seemed a bit longer than it should have been, but again, that could have been the effect of the screaming infant in my left ear drum. When our food was delivered I was just about out of my soda, the waiter says "i'll grab ya some re-fills, be right back." That was the last time I saw him until my plate was just about empty, my glass had sat empty for at least 10 minutes, and I was just about ready to go. He never stopped back to check how the food was, I never got my refill and ate more than half of my lunch without a beverage. There seemed to be a "manager" who did a real good job at walking around looking pretty, but never had a thing in his hands while everyone else is running around crazy. The sad part is, other than not being piping hot, the food was great. Both my wife and I loved our meals, but the experience was ruined by absolute lack of service. On the way out, I asked the manager if there was a customer service e-mail I could have or some kind or corporate contact, and was directed to redbowlusa.com. That was it, he obviously did not care that there was something I was un-happy about, that could have been solved with a quick apology and acknowledgement of some sort. Oh well despite the great food, I will not be back.
4	Note: this review is solely for their lunch. I've passed Red Bowl several times, but was always on my way somewhere, and never had a chance to try it out.  What convinced me was the giant sign outside that read "$5 Lunch Specials". (Obviously I was on to something, because over the course of 5 minutes, I saw at least 3 people come in just for take-out lunch.) For 5 bucks, you get an entree with white or brown rice, an egg or spring roll and an iced tea.  5 bucks!  That's cheaper than going to Panda Express. (Just remember there are only 4 or 5 options for the special.) I got the chicken and broccoli with brown rice, and was surprised to find it surprisingly satisfying.  It's the typical savory brown sauce found in many of those Americanized beef and broccoli dishes. Brown rice took up half the Styrofoam container, and the entree took up the other side.  This was a generous portion. The egg roll was typical as well, light, crispy deep fried.  However, the sauce that came with it was bizarre.  It looked like tahini...and has the consistency of tahini, but had a definite mayonnaise base flavor. This was a minor thing, and for 5 dollars ($5.40 with tax) I'm not compaining. (BTW: I learned this is a family owned business, based out of Carey, NC. The hostess says they're "famous" for this $5 lunch.)  Don't know if I'd ever go out of my way for Red Bowl, but if I'm ever in the area, and in need of a cheap, quick, lunch, I'm in.
2	I met a friend for lunch at Red Bowl.  I was surprised to see that they had a lunch special for $5.00.  The specials included a meat or shrimp, rice and either a spring roll or egg roll.  I had the chicken with mixed vegatables, brown rice and an egg roll.The food was served quickly after ordering.  I wasn't impressed with the egg roll and couldn't identify what was inside.  The chicken and vegetables were okay, but tasted no better than food served at Chinese buffets.  The restaurant was large and clean.  Plus, they do a good business for lunch and most of the tables were filled.You can't beat the $5.00 price, but if you're really wanting good flavorful Chinese food, I wouldn't recommend the lunch special.
1	We dined there strictly for the sushi. We had heard many times that their sushi was great. What a disappointment.  The Hamachi was yellow/ grey in color. It tasted rotten and all of the rice was hard. It was either undercooked or old. We told the waitress. She went to get the manager but he wouldn't  come out to the table. He told her to take the Hamachi off the tab but the rice was fine. For $65 we had 4 drinks and about 6 pieces of sushi. We won't be going back
2	I used to come here all the time until they switched the manager. The new manager was a Chinese dude who seriously need to learn better customer service and hygiene ( for heaven sake he sneezed into his hands and didn't even wash it!). I'm very disappointed on how they cook their foods, the waiter there need to know what he need to do because he seriously was very confuse on all of the orders.  I truly hope that they'll will be better, but for now I think I won't be going there anymore.
1	Since there are two Yelp accounts for this restaurant, I am re-posting my original review for "Johnny's Red Bowl" (since it's the exact same place) here as well.Yelpers please note: I got a Yelp account specifically so I could share with the world how TERRIBLE this restaurant is. I have visited multiple times, each time hoping for a less horrible experience and each time I was disappointed. Last night was the final straw.Previously I ate here for the lunch special. The food was decent, the price was very fair ($5). The service, however, was spotty at best: empty drinks were ignored, appetizers were forgotten, and our server barely interacted with us (might I mention that the dining area had less than three tables occupied at the time?). I chalked it up to an "off day" on the server's part. No stress.When I returned to the Red Bowl last night for half-off sushi (after 8pm), I anticipated poor service. I was not, however, prepared for how unbelievably awful my experience would truly turn out to be. After we were seated, someone took our drink orders. It took about five minutes for us to get out drinks (not terrible). When our server arrived with our drinks and asked if we were ready to order, we requested a few more minutes to decide. HE DID NOT RETURN FOR OVER 25 MINUTES. We sat at our table with half-empty glasses, twiddling our thumbs, waiting to give our orders. At one point he breezed past our table and as I tried to flag him down HE HELD UP HIS POINTER FINGER (the "one minute" hand gesture) and kept walking. After a few more minutes her returned, took our orders and walked off. We waited for 30 MINUTES for our food to come out. During this time, our server couldn't be bothered to apologize for slow service, make small talk, or even refill our drinks. He completely IGNORED our table. When our food did finally arrive, he left almost as soon as the plates hit our table. We had to search the restaurant for soy sauce dipping bowls, and he never once asked us how our sushi was. The only time he returned was to give us our checks.The food is okay (at best) and I think that you get what you pay for. My sushi rolls were unimpressive and while the noodle dish my friend received was huge, I was very disappointed with the size of my rolls. They were small, slapped together haphazardly, drenched in funny-tasting sauce that muddled all the flavors and textures together.I understand that a slow-moving or backed-up kitchen is not a server's fault. I understand that when you are serving, you can be overwhelmed by orders and demands (although there was easily less than forty people in the "bar area" and this server was helping only three or four tables including ours). But what I do not understand is how you can essentially forget that a table of people exists and be completely unapologetic about it.My friends and I joke about the poor service at this restaurant and are generally good-natured about it, but after last night's experience I can promise you that I will never return.TLDR: You get what you pay for. The food is okay at best. The service is CONSISTENTLY the WORST I've ever experienced. Spend a few extra dollars at Sushi 101 (which is also in the Promenade) or Pei Wei's (in Ballantyne) for better food and better service.
5	I've got to admit I was afraid to come here after reading the reviews but I brought my friends because I had been before and I remember it being good. Glad we did because we had a 10 minute wait and a delicious meal for a great price! $5 starting lunch specials. Sushi options, drinks, bento box, and menu options. Lots to choose from! We had (2) $5 lunch options, the Spicy Basil Shrimp and (2) $6.55 options the "Bang Bang Shrimp" which each came with spring roll or egg roll plus your choice of rice: white, brown, or fried.The server seemed overwhelmed a bit but he was on our drink refills and the food order was quick to come out. It was hot, delicious, and everyone was happy!This is definitely your Americanized Chinese food so keep that in mind if you're wanting something more authentic; not here. Yummy I'll be back!
5	I absolutely love here!! I didn't want to come  here after I read all the reviews that it had, it seemed terrible! But after I really tried out personally. I LOVE HERE!The sushi is fresh and tasty, I had a dragon roll, it was one of the best I've ever had! Also a combo of Broccoli beef. It's really good! And I didn't know it was a chain restaurant until the waitress told me so! I will definitely visit here more often and also other Red Bowls!I consider here as a fine dine in place to go on a date or friends reunion! And the price is more reasonable than P.F Changs or such!Red Bowl is my NO.1 choice of Chinese restaurant!
2	On Sunday night, it was around 8 when I decided that I didn't feel like cooking dinner, so we hopped in the car and decided to head over to Red Bowl for a quick bite. Despite the fact that the restaurant was not busy, our service was rather sub-par. Also, I was not happy when I ordered my dinner with brown rice (as I always do) and was told that there is now a $1 up-charge for brown rice. WTH? Incidentally, I have some good friends who used to frequent this place who are now boycotting it because Red Bowl has started cheaping-out on everything including their sushi specials.  They are definitely losing some of their loyal customers with some of the changes they have been making. Before this, Red Bowl was never my favorite spot, but it was cheap & quick.  The quality was always hit-or-miss, and on this visit, the food was so-so.  My flower chicken was ok (bland but not gross), the brown rice was meh, and the chicken egg roll was downright gross (it tasted like a frozen egg-roll that was not very fresh or warm). Based on the food & service on this visit, next time I am looking for a quick bite of Asian food close by, I will head over to Jo-Jo at Stone Crest instead of this place.
3	I Love the Mongolian beef and the bang bang shrimp !
1	Okay, saying that I love Asian food is darn near the understatement of the century. And I mean I love both the legit stuff I get when in Asia and the western versions sold most everywhere else.So, after relocating to Charlotte I was excited when I first noticed an Asian restaurant on the way home from my office.As is my custom when trying any restaurant for the first time I pick something easy, but not simple - in this case it was Chicken Pad Thai.  My theory is this; if they can do that well, then everything else should be good. Like getting a plain vanilla ice cream the first time you go to a local (really local) ice cream shop. If that is good it will all be good; or at least some variation of acceptable.I am sad to report that I could not eat the Pad Thai. After two bites I tossed it in the trash. And you should understand that I was 'blessed' with the intestinal fortitude of a billy goat and I don't believe in wasting food. That is not how I was raised, no ma'am. But I simply couldn't eat the dish. It was quite unfortunately horrible in so many ways.I wish I could try this place again, but I won't. And frankly I wouldn't recommend it to anyone else either. To be honest I was a little concerned when I was exposed to their exceptionally lengthy menu - that is always a warning sign.
1	Ordered takeout which included chicken fried rice. It had a fishy shrimp taste and I called them up to complain. Their response was they can give me a free entree the next time I order. Well the problem with that response is, I WILL NOT ORDER AGAIN. The correct response would have been a refund of $8.25 of the total $50.66 charge.
1	Our family used to be regulars here until our last experience, which was on August 8, 2014. My son and I decided to have lunch and we ordered our usual appetizers, meals, and drinks. While munching on our apps, my son pointed out a 2.5-3 inch cockroach crawling on a wall behind me. I notified the owner/manager and he walked over and stomped on in and said I was all set.  As you can imagine, our appetites vanished! I will never be back...I have contacted the health department and do hope that they do something about this before someone gets sick.
1	Not the best around, would advise spending your time and money else where. The service sucks... (Food ok)
2	So I have been here a million times, not literally. They used to have the half off sushi after 8pm, but got rid of that recently. The food quality is good, service  8 out of 10 times is completely terrible during, dinner especially even when it's dead, lunch is usually pretty good. We usually come with friends so we can stand the service while we are waiting, if you come with you significant other only, you will be quite frustrated. Overall, food and service could step it up.
2	I've been here twice and have not bee impressed by the food or service.  The restaurant is pretty big and the first time we went I got the impression our business wasn't important to them. Employees all over the place but doing very little that had to do with serving the customers who pay their bills.  The food tastes like it was laminated in MSG after it was fried. Frankly I'm surprised they're still open.
2	Mediocre food at best. The staff is pretty emotionless. They don't offer regular sushi anymore, and the fried rolls they do have aren't that great. There's plenty of much better places to go to.
2	I love Asian food. I love bad Asian food. I love MSG dumped crap that will probably give me cancer when I'm older. But this place.... It's actually bad-bad Asian food. The place itself has a nice environment and the prices are average compared to other restaurants similarly decorated to Red Bowl, but man the food was awful. I would never recommend someone to go here because the sauce that went into my pad thai smelled like urine. What the f.
