5	Megan Robbins is a photographer who has an amazing talent at capturing the most beautiful moments in life!  We were lucky enough to have her assigned to our wedding by our venue 7 years ago, and we have used her since for the newborn, 6 month and 1 year photos for both of our daughters. When people come to our home I always have compliments on our wedding photos and my children's photos.  I've recommended her to several friends who have used her for their weddings and they have received the same beautiful, breathtaking photographs that capture the essence of life.Megan is always on time, has great ideas for locations (she travels all over the valley and country!) and is professional while at the same time personable.  She has a true passion for photography and it shows with her attitude and the final product.  I would highly recommend her to anyone needing beautiful photos!
5	Megan was incredible!  Love the pictures, but, also loved the service. It was as if she was a family member taking pictures.  I cannot say enough good things about Megan and her amazing talent!
5	Megan is by far my favorite photographer. She shot our wedding last October out in West Virginia and did an amazing job! She is so wonderfully fun and personable that you always have a blast with her. And her photographs I can't speak highly enough about, they are beyond phenomenal! I would recommend her to anyone, because in my mind there are no other photographers other than her!
5	Our family took pictures here a few months back and they are by far some of the best pictures we ever taken. You simply pick up the phone, call, book your appointment and chose a convenient location of where you would like them to be taken. You will not be disappointed!
1	Very dissapointed.  Did not get what we asked for.  Was suprised at the results given the excellent work we had seen her do for other people.
5	Megan does such great work! She is a true artist and loves photography. She isn't a photo mill with random unskilled assistants. She gave us a great deal for our wedding, we got our engagement photos and some family pictures done too. She does artsy, on-location work and is also super personable and great with kids! I recommend her to everyone I know :)
5	Megan is a superb photographer. She does excellent work and is who I go to for all of my family pictures. Her photographs are beautiful, artistic and magazine quality. I highly recommend her for everything from weddings to newborn photos and more!
5	As a fellow wedding photographer, I would like to tell you that Megan rocks, with her photography, energy, and personality!  We have hired one another back and forth over the years to assist eachother, and my clients and I love the images she produces at my events.  She is fun, creative, confident, super TALENTED and knowledgable in any type of consumer and/or artistic photography.  She is for sure a strong 5, and I will continue to hire her when I am in need of dependable creativity.Tracy Kreck, Photographic Passion
5	Wow! I just got the images from Megan's newborn photo shoot of my son, and they are absolutely amazing.  I have very high expectations when it comes to photography and she actually went above and beyond what I expected.  First, and most importantly, the photos are beautiful.  The family pictures truly capture the emotions of new parents and grandparents at a very special time in all of our lives.  She does beautiful, natural looking portraits in a photojournalism-style format so they do not look posed at all, and almost look candid at times. The solo pictures of the baby look like art.  I want to get canvas prints of several of them to hang in our house because they are truly beautiful, artistic pieces that I will cherish forever (and I'm not just saying that because this is my baby!) Second, at the shoot itself, she was friendly, professional and fun.  My whole family loved her. She was so gentle with my newborn baby while also somehow getting him in perfect position and lighting for the pictures. I also highly recommend Megan for weddings! I actually found Megan because she was the photographer at my sister-in-law's wedding. The shots from that wedding were just incredible.  So good that I had to track her down to make her my permanent family photographer.  Her rates are also very competitive. She will come to any location and bring props and she will get you a sneak preview of the photos very shortly after the shoot!
5	Megan does family pictures for my entire family and her work is stunning. She is an amazing photographer and a very wonderful person. I suggest scoping out her work and booking her for your next family event.
5	I'm having difficulty expressing what an awesome experience it was working with Megan!  And I think that means a lot coming from someone who isn't a fan of having his picture taken.  First of all, she's an incredibly talented photographer.  She was brilliant at incorporating the natural surroundings of our venue into her scenes, especially the way she captured the vivid colors of the environment.  Secondly, she works smoothly with the people she shoots, making them feel very comfortable, leading to relaxed and natural poses.  She seemed able to cultivate the personality of each person as well as the overall mood of the group in her shots.  Everyone looked honestly happy!  Lastly, she's simply a wonderful person to be around.  Bright and friendly, easy going and charming and clearly passionate about what she does.  The whole package!  It was a pleasure to work with Megan and it will continue to be a pleasure recommending Megan to my friends and family.
5	My husband and I were looking for a photographer to take family pictures in Scottsdale when we were there celebrating my father's 70th birthday.  We found Megan on yelp, and we couldn't have been happier!Megan met us at the resort where we were staying.  She'd already found multiple places to take great pictures.  Megan was cheerful, patient and flexible, taking tons of pictures of many different combinations of family.  She even offered to take head shots.  Megan was wonderful with our 2 and 5-year-old nephews.Megan emailed us the photos within 24 hours so we could see them together before going home.  This meant so much to us as the alternative was viewing them separately from the different places we live.  The pictures were wonderful!  She captured a very special occasion in a wonderful way, and we will treasure the pictures forever.I highly recommend Megan!  We'll look her up the next time we're in Scottsdale for sure!
