4	I grew up making myself cheese and pickle sandwiches. Somehow, I just discovered that I liked them, no one ever turned me on to them and my family thought they were weird. They'd say "Don't you want some meat on there?" Meat just ruins the salty, vinegary, crunchy, cheesy-goeyness of the cheese and pickle combo. Today, for the first time in my adult life...I found a restaurant that has them on the menu. It was delicious, and frankly an improvement on my toasted white bread/white American/dill selections. They used whole wheat and cheddar and grilled them Panini style. Sweet jebus, that hit the spot. I come to find out that cheese and pickle sandwiches are a 'quintessential British sandwich' How about that?
5	One of my favorite little lunch spots in Pittsburgh.  I recently have found myself unable to eat bacon due to the grease, but the way they cook it here, I am able to eat bacon once again!  The BLT wrap and potato soup are two of my favorite dishes, but the roasted beet salad is also amazing.  I've tried something new every time I've gone, and have yet to be disappointed.  As far as baked goods (my personal weakness), I love these cupcakes so much they were served at my wedding.  The snickerdoodle cupcake changed my life.  I love that they are all named after Pittsburgh spots, an endeavor after my own heart.Overall, I love the atmosphere, friendly service and great food.  I always love to bring out-of-towners here so they can see a little of what PIttsburgh is about... truly great eats and friendly people.
4	I've decided I need to open my own coffee shop. Only for the reason of making it the cutest, coziest place on earth. Until then, I strive to find one close to my perfect vision. Although Big Dog has my heart right now, I really enjoyed this place.To say it's off the beaten path is an understatement. It is off the beaten path, between large warehouses and practically no real retail businesses. Parking was pretty tough and I was actually parked in by a large semi when I came out (RUDE!). So that was kinda a downer. But I get why you do this. You open a business in a place that you hope will build up around you. I so so so wanted to try the "cakery" part of the place, but had to be good for a Biggest Loser diet competition (I know, boooring!). But those heart shaped conversation heart sugar cookies looked adorable! I didn't realize they'd offer a full lunch menu, but was happy to see a wide variety of not only sandwiches, but salads. I choose the cranberry, apple and walnut salad and it was perfect. Tons of fresh spring mix and the strawberry vinaigrette complemented. Great size as well.I was also happy to see a variety of loose leaf teas and chai. I choose the house chai, which was great and spicy. I'm sorry, but if you're a cafe (coffee house, tea house, etc) you've gotta carry loose leaf these days. Prices were extremely reasonable with everything I ordered coming in around $10. I do hope they do well, the staffer was very friendly and chatted with me about their hopes for the place and neighborhood. If you're around the area I urge you to check this out!
5	This is a favorite cafe of mine.  I toyed with 4 stars because of the parking situation, but lack-of-street-parking isn't their fault, so 5 stars prevail!I have had lattes, regular coffee, and tea and it's all awesomesauce at this place.  The breakfast bagel with egg, ham, and cheese is great as a hangover cure a la my college days or a hearty meal that keeps you going all morning.  The baked goods I have yet to try (I was trying not to double-indulge when I was here, but Nutella Cupcake....zOMG, you will be mine!) though I can't image they are anything less than rockstar.  The selection changes daily, so check out their mouth-watering Instagram/Twitter/Facebook posts for what's available that day.Let's talk atmosphere.  They have a couch with cupcake pillows - adorable. An industrial feel - perfect for the industrial background of the Chateau area of the North Side.  And plenty of open space.  The tables are a little high in relation to the chairs (it's possible I'm just a little short for the tables!) but even still I can happily and comfortably work here for hours.  I'm also digging the Pittsburgh-themed elements, from the names of the cookies to the "name" you get when you order.  Instead of giving you a boring number, they hand out cards with pictures of Mr. Rogers, the Duquesne Incline, etc and call that out when your order is ready; sometimes, they'll bring it right to your table if it's a little slow.Which reminds me, the staff is so friendly and welcoming.  I take forever deciding which latte I want and the gentleman who is always there when I am is gracious and patient.  It's clear he loves the mission of the cafe, because he'll talk about that, the menu, and whatever else with ease and charm.It's a hidden gem off the beaten path and I don't even feel the need to hide this wonderful place - everyone, come here, just don't park in my spot!
5	This is one of the hidden gem of the north sideline sure, and it's across the street from work.  I'm a lucky boy!
5	This place is our new favorite lunch spot.  I work about a block away and the walk is a nice breather outside.  The food is good, the portions are hearty and the staff is always friendly.  They also cater for meetings and other events which our company takes advantage of quite often.  It is a little bit out of the way but stop in and give them a try.
5	Love this place. Off the beaten path, but definitely worth the trip! They have everything from fresh local coffee, loose leaf tea, gourmet oatmeal and cupcakes, sandwiches. I really could go on and on!! It's  perfect for a great priced delicious lunch! It's also a block away from the river front trail, which is awesome when you crave a cupcake after a nice bike ride! ;)
4	Undeniably awesome. The beets and bacon salad is absolutely covered in both. The sandwiches are all perfectly melty and toasty (although a good size, the might be seen as small by Pittsburgh standards. The salads however are huge.) Delicious ice coffee (they use Nicholas Coffee) and creative and delicious baked goods.My only gripe? I wish they had some premade sandwiches or larger sides for quicker service. A salad sometimes takes up to 20 minutes during the busy lunch rush.
5	This is an awesome cafe making delicious food in a very strange location. I was on the North Side (not a familiar neighborhood to me) to pick up a package from the UPS hub on my way to work. I hadn't eaten breakfast or packed a lunch because I'm irresponsible like that, so I decided to find a place to stop and grab both. I am so glad this little place was just down the street in the middle of what seems like an industrial park. It's cute and calm inside and has a really welcoming vibe. I had one of the most delicious bagel sandwiches I've had in ages for breakfast, and picked up the bacon and beet salad for lunch. Fabulous! Candied pecans, delicious but not greasy bacon, tons of beets. Big portions too. I'm almost glad I don't live closer because this place could easily wipe out my spending money. I'll find an excuse to come back.
5	Best Breakfast in Pittsburgh!  I am not generally a fan of breakfast sandwiches/bagels/croissants, but I just had the most perfectly done bacon, egg and cheese bagelwich!  I wish I could do it justice in my description, but I'll just say the bacon was crisp, the eggs were perfect and the taste was delightful.  Oh, and the 2nd best part?  My bagelwich plus 2 diet coke cans was $5.51!!!  Where in the world can you find a bargain like that for breakfast without it tasting like river swill?  (That was rhetorical, good reader)Sticking around for the Burger Special for Lunch whilst I type away on my laptop getting through a Friday "office day" of work.
2	Not at all what was expected. The website leads you to believe bit is a gourmet bakery and breakfast place, when in reality it is a run of the mill mediocre sandwich shop.
5	I travel to Pittsburgh for business 5-6 times a year and pretty much eat my way through the city. Last trip, I grudgingly stayed on the north shore because most hotels were booked.  The Hotel breakfast was brutal and the Post Gazette led me to this little joint five minutes away. First impressions?  Hip, warm, and comfortable with a lot of smiling faces...not something usually seen down here in Florida. Second?  The breakfast bagel was freaking amazing. I see that has been said a few times. It's true. They don't screw around with the ingredients, instead letting them speak for themselves. Ham edges crispy. Big fluffy layers of whipped eggs. Excellent quality cheese.   Also, the coffee smelled so good tht I decided to veer from my norm and opted for a flavored blend. Delicious. As I sipped on Green Mountain at the office later that afternoon, I wish that I could have called in a delivery. The next day, I worked from the hotel in the morning and then stopped by again to try lunch before heading to the office. Got a steak and cheese sandwich, chips, and some oatmeal moon pie cream cookie....which was staring me in the face and broke my will. Everything was just as good as the previous morning. And the value is amazing. Finally, it's awesome to see owners and workers that so obviously care about their place, the community, and most of all their customers. Why wouldn't you want to support that?  These are the type of people that are needed in areas that are rebuilding or have potential. Cheers guys. I'll be back on every trip.
2	This place is an example of how things can go awry if expectations and experience are out of whack--and not in the right direction.  I visited for lunch today on a bike ride--I'd seen their signs on the path, so I looked them up on Yelp, and saw that most people seem to like them.  I also looked up their menu ahead of time, and saw that they offer soup in a bread bowl and macaroni and cheese--two of my favorite comfort foods with particular appeal at this time of year, when it's getting cooler.  According to their website, they're open on Sat. until noon, so I timed my ride so I could stop by.Upon finding the place (which took some doing), I walked in and stood by the counter. There were several other customers, and one employee was busy getting their food, and the other (an owner/manager, I assume) was chatting with them (I assume they're regulars).  After several minutes, the owner/manager asked me if I'd been helped, and I told him I hadn't, so he asked me if I'd prefer to eat in or take out, and I told him I'd like to eat in.  He told me I could have a seat and the other employee would be right with me to take my order, so I picked a table and sat down.  The table had a menu at it labeled "Saturday Menu" that had the same selections listed as the website.  When the other employee came over after a couple of minutes, I asked her what soups they had.  She explained that they don't offer soups on Sat.  Unfazed, I asked her about getting a sandwich/side combo, and she told me that they don't offer sides on Sat., either.  She then proceeded to tell me that they only offer breakfast and lunch sandwiches on Sat.  (Umm, then why are sides, soup, etc. listed on the "Saturday Menu?")  I asked her if she had a recommendation, and she said that she liked all the sandwiches she'd tried.  I asked her what she thought of the muffaletta, and she said she hadn't tried it yet, but since I hadn't ever had one, I decided to order it.The sandwich came out after a few minutes. According to Wikipedia, muffalettas are traditionally served cold, but can be heated--this one came as a panini.  I thought the flavor was decent, though, as I mentioned, I don't have a standard to judge by.  When I finished, my waitress came by and asked if I wanted anything else.  Since this place is known for their baked goods, I checked what was available, and a cinnamon roll muffin caught my eye, so I decided to get it.  Without asking if I'd like it boxed up for takeout, the owner/manager boxed it up, so I paid and left.  Upon arriving home, I heated the muffin briefly (as the owner/manager suggested) proceeded to eat it.  The first bite was stale and bland, and I couldn't taste any cinnamon.  Even the middle of the muffin contained very little cinnamon--the only saving grace was the cream cheese icing.  Since it was the last one, I'm guessing that the muffin had been sitting around since at least yesterday. As someone who's no stranger to eating several-day-old baked goods, this muffin didn't age well.Overall, I'm sorry to say that this was a rather disappointing lunch, in light of the lack of selection and food quality.  I'm guessing that the food selection and quality--and possibly also the service--is much better during weekdays.  Unfortunately, I live and work (9-5) in Oakland, so it's impractical for me to visit during weekdays.  While I applaud the owners for opening the business in an out of the way location and for having some weekend hours, I'd advise them to be upfront about item availability on Sat.  If you're only going to serve sandwiches and breakfast items on Sat., then please make a Sat. menu that includes only these items and post it on the website and at the tables.  If you're going to bill yourself as a cakery, then please offer at least some fresh baked goods every day (including Sat.).  As for potential customers, while this place may be worth visiting on weekdays, I'd advise you to stay away on Sat. until the management makes some changes. 2.5 stars.
