5	Not like anything else you'll find here in Arizona, that's for sure!  I stumbled upon this truck at the new farmer's market over on Central and Northern.  They were there along with a couple other trucks.  The menu had probably 15-20 different hot dogs and sausages to choose from.  I got the "Frenchie" dog, which had pieces of brie cheese and pear along with dijon mustard.  This seemed pretty cool and not what I would normally try or find anywhere, but I figured I'd give it a shot.  It was sweet and creamy at the same time...the combination of flavors/ingredients worked surprisingly well!  The hot dog itself had that snap that you find in really good hot dogs and I think it was an all-beef dog.I also got fries, which tasted like real potatoes vs the cardboard other places pass as potatoes.  To top it off, I got a peach tea they had from Italy.  Apparently this truck sells drinks that are usually tough to find around here.  Definitely a nice surprise!  Overall, a really cool concept and a nice looking truck.
1	I had heard about this food cart and was happy to see it at Maker Faire. Read the menu and I'm not a fan of blu cheese so that cut the choice in half, since almost every hot dog came with blue cheese. I could have left it off....but there wasn't much left after that. We both ordered different dogs. After she took our order and money she told us it would take 30 minutes. I was stunned. It is a hot dog! Then I noticed that many people were waiting around for their food. People all around us began complaining and asking when their food would be ready...I thought " well they must be really great hot dogs."  Nope. Plain old boiled hot dog... Or maybe microwaved. Bun was dry. Relish was flourcent green. Awful. For a food cart that specializes in hot dogs they need to up their game. Luckily the crowd at maker faire wasn't overwhelming. There were two people in the truck and one person outside taking orders. She could keep up but they couldn't. If you are out and want a good hot dog go to teds in tempe. Epic doesn't even compare to dairy queen
5	I stopped here at the central/northern farmers market recently and loved it! I'm kind of picky when it comes to food trucks, but this one was super clean and sanitary, and all of the indredients seemed really fresh. I got the "Frenchie" dog which had brie cheese and pears slices with a little dijon mustard-it was unique and fabulous-not greasy at all, like other hot dog stands can be. I also had some fries, and was shocked to get real potatoes-they were the kind of fires you'd expect in a sit down restraunt-very impressed. Overall great experience-would definitely recommend this place!
3	Got to try out their cream cheese with caramelized onions at the Food Truck Festival at Talking Stick Fields, was pretty good. My girlfriend's cheddar jalapeno dog was pretty good too. Fries were amazing!  Almost forgot to mention that. Then again, after waiting an hour to get some hot dogs and being hungry for hours before finally getting to eat, my mind could be playing tricks on me. As far as food truck hot dogs, I prefer Short Leash, but if I'm craving hot dogs and these guys are around, I'd be sure to hit them up.
4	This week was Arizona beer week and I was stopping by Taste of Tops to be a part of the celebratory activities and lo and behold, along the side of the adjacent liquor store, Tops, was this lovely little food truck, with a wide variety of hot dog and a number of other sausage options.My food experience was rather significant because, and I have a dark secret to share with you oh fellow yelpers, even though I've lived in Phoenix for over a decade...never had a bacon wrapped hot dog. I know, crazy right? Well, I took care of that little third tier bucket list item this week and had one with mustard, chili, grilled onions, and some sauerkraut. I had it with bourbon barrel aged stout from Firestone Walker referred to as a Merkin (a subtle bit of humor, go google the definition of Merkin). The hot dog, thanks to its luscious pork belly wrapping stood up well to the strong flavored beer (which, it seems, I did not, based on how I felt the next morning).I give the truck 4 stars because one of the owners really took the time to explain the history of the business venture to me, the fact that there was not yet, too many yelp reviews of the truck and helped me find his business on yelp (Epic hot dog, not epic hotdog), where I unlocked a discount on a fries upgrade and so I ordered some of their fresh fries with chili, cheese and sliced jalapenos. I will say I think they should look at doing the twice fried french fries for a crispier texture, these seemed to be fresh sliced and fried once, so not bac but without the crispy, crunch texture of a twice fried french fry (you partially fry, let cool down, and then when you make an order, you fry them again). I know, food truck, so that may be too much, but something to consider.All in all, nice to have a food truck experience in my area. :-)
5	So, the husband and I got a little taste of epic at the first food truck event.  We didn't get to sample all of their items, but  the ones we did were great.  The ones we didn't get to try there made us vow to track them down and try them out.I am a short leash fan, after this my husband was an Epic fan.  We were a divided household.  Well, we found them at first Friday and I've got to say, not only do their hot dogs impress, but these guys are seriously friendly.  They chatted with us, answered any questions, talked about the food truck scene.  They were great, you can tell they enjoy what they do.  They really won me over.  Genuinely good guys!Then I took a bite of their dogs.Holy crap.  So good.  We had the  Good Morning Dawg, a true testament to the power of eggs ( is there anything you can't put an egg on?!) the Seattle dog, cream cheese is NEVER a bad idea, and the Frenchie, with brie dijon mustard and pears it is not your average dog.All were impressive, and we will be back!  You won me over Epic!
4	So, I was cruising along listening to the sounds of the International Festival at GCC and lo and behold, FOOD TRUCKS! I walked up to Epic and ordered a Sonoran Dog... I wish it were spicier, but it definitely did what it was supposed to do... Make me whole again. I must try a different rendition at another time. I'm following you guys on twitter just like I said. I devoured the dog in about 2 min. Folks, this is what happens when you take a food truck into a college campus, hungry college students await. Thanks Again, hope to see you folks soon... -Chris Robinson
4	I grabbed some grub from this truck at First Friday and really liked it. Granted all I got were cheese fries but they were fabulous. Tasted like they were just cut from the spud itself. My friend had an actual hot dog and scarfed it down!
