5	I think it's more than likely that people on this site get the gist of what Panera is.  There are several branches in Madison alone, each of them providing fresh tasty food and very acceptable coffee drinks (and seriously tasty smoothies!), along with comfortable, well-lit seating areas that, as in any place with coffee and power outlets, are shamelessly used as study zones/campsites by roving packs of undergrads.  I'd just like to mention this particular location as one where I've never had a meal or pastry I didn't like and the service is always good. Sometimes people are a little inexperienced, but when this is the case, a senior employee/manager always seems to be there and ready to help (but not hovering... that is the worst).  On one occasion, a newish employee got distracted and forgot to finish my latte.  After waiting a few minutes (and actually seeing it sitting there partially complete), I flagged down the first unoccupied employee I saw to mention that it might have gotten left.  It turned out that it was a mustachioed man in his... fifties? (sorry sir if you read this and I got it wrong) who I believe to be a manager there, and he immediately apologized, finished it for me himself, and encouraged me to pick out a cookie or pastry free of charge.  I thought I would be magnanimous, but then I thought about their tasty chocolate pastries and I caved.  In any case, I appreciate the mentality of making it right when a mistake occurs.  Other things that are nice: fresh bagels with fancy cream cheeses, the smoothies (I know, I said it already, but I'm kind of obsessed), and the soup in a bread bowl.
2	I would prefer not to eat here again.  'Too bad it's right next door to my office building, so out of convenience and variety, I probably WILL eat here again.  :-(  I find the food over-priced for being so bland.  The sandwiches are stuffed with massive quantities of over-processed, sliced meat product, and so you can't really taste the rest of the sandwich ingredients.  The cookies are pretty decent, and the service is attentive.  Since I hate the burned taste of coffee, I can't speak to those products, nor to their soups.
2	I had a VERY sad roast beef sandwich. It was almost impossible to find the roast beef and overall very forgettable.  So NOT worth the $
2	I had a soup and panini, my panini was more of a lame grilled cheese with a hint of chicken. My cup of soup was missing about half of the soup.I like Panera, but this place is not good.
