5	Ahhhh!  I love Freedom Park.  I've been coming here, since I could walk...it's a great park.  In fact I learned how to ride a bicycle around the lake at Freedom Park,, and over they years even though there have been some changes, the Freedom Park is still pretty much the park I knew as a young boy.The  has a central lake, around which is a sidewalk, perfect for walking, stroller, Rollerblades, skateboards, bikes, whatever.  Then there's "Hippie Hill" a large rolling hill with different levels, perfect for bringing a blanket and just hanging out on a nice day, it also works perfectly as grass seats when there are performances at the bandstand, or when there are "Movies in the Park"  when companies come in and show movies projected on huge inflatable screens in the park.  This usually happens late spring and throughout the summer, and its free, a great place to take a date, or the family.if you cross the old suspension bridge you can get from Freedom park, to the Nature Museum, and to the Little Sugar Creek Green way.  The Little Sugar Creek Greenway is a great walk, or bike ride, it runs all the way from Woodlawn and Park rd, through Freedom Park, and down to the intersection of Kings and Morehead, all following Little Sugar Creek.  Once you get past East Blvd it gets kind of urban chic, because you actually go under East Blvd, and then there are several cool short bridges, all concrete, that zig-zag over the creek.  It's  very chill to walk or ride bikes on this Greenway, look at the ducks and watch the currents flow.  Down towards the Woodlawn part of the Greenway you are more likely to see some more Wildlife, like Great Blue Herons, and Kingfishers, and there are several interesting statues that have been carved into the trunks of felled trees that represent the fauna that inhabit  the Greenway.If you follow the loop around the lake you will come to a place where the sidewalk goes across a small tributary of Little Sugar Creek, once you cross this bridge you get to the main East Blvd entrance to the park, which has a playground, with the "old train",  lots of volleyball courts, soccer fields, tennis courts, basketball courts, and baseball fields.  Freedom Park is a gem of a natural location located near the beautiful Dilworth neighborhood, a great place to take the dogs for a walk, or to stroll with your significant other, and Springtime in Freedom Park is almost impossible to beat....please check it out, and tell a friend.
4	If you're looking to get away from it all for a little while, this is the place to come.  It's got some of the nicest scenery I've seen in town.  With plenty of walking paths and interesting places to explore, you can transport yourself back to the days when having fun was the number one priority in life.  It's great for just relaxing and getting some fresh air and exercise.
5	Still one of the best places to run away to in all of Charlotte!
4	I went here for a romantic little picnic during the afternoon and I loved it.  There is a beautiful lake in the center of the park and plenty of space to spread out and enjoy your company even during crowded days.  We had some great sandwiches and wine (in plastic cups), and later we threw the frisbee out in the open grass.  This is a wonderful place to walk your dog, or even skateboard around the lake.  There is beautiful flowers and greenery around the whole park, and it is a great setting to clear your mind.
5	Freedom Park...Charlotte's answer to Central Park. Okay, so maybe that's a tough comparison, but Freedom Park is a great place for running, walking your dog, picnicking, playing frisbee, etc.There are numerous walking/running paths winding through the park, a lake in the middle to stroll along, and plenty of places to sit and take in the scenery and poeple watch.The grounds are nicely landscaped, and the colors in the spring and fall make it a great escape from the busy streets of Charlotte.
5	Freedom Park really is a beautiful place. I like ducks a lot, and I like pretty creeks. It's a great place for dog-walking or romantic strolling. I went this past weekend to the Festival in the Park, which happens yearly. Parking is pretty miserable, but I found a place a few blocks away on Scott. It was a great festival...fair food, cool art, music, and other interesting vendors. I had that yummy fair lemonade. There's a Yoga Meetup that gets together in Freedom Park several times a week as well. I'll be reviewing that one later...but there's nothing like yoga outdoors.
2	Poor lighting in spots at night, is sometimes crowded and cloudy.  Foliage is spotty for half the year.  No A/C in the summer (I mean, this is NC!)  Also if you stand on the stage by the lake you can see that the grass on one side is clearly more vibrant and colorful than on the other.  Sloppy work!Hi whitewine!
4	Freedom Park is awesome. I like biking through the park on the greenway along the creek. There is also the path around the huge pond, but that can get pretty crowded. I once tried to rollerblade (yes, I know, soooo 90s) around the pond and it was pretty much an obstacle course of joggers, babies in strollers and dogs. It's also a great place for a picnic. I saw a movie in the park there this past summer. It's a nice idea except that the event is sponsored by a church and they spend a lot of time trying to get you to join. Also, be warned: There have been car breakins there. Don't arrive at the park and then put your purse in the trunk. Thieves are watching out for that kind of thing and seize on the opportunity.
4	I'm embarrassed to say that I didn't discover Freedom Park until after living in Charlotte for two years.  I've been so close to it that if it were a snake, it would have bit me!  Once I finally did discover it, I was very impressed.  It's the most scenic of any of the parks in Charlotte that I've been to.  It's well landscaped and the lake makes a beautiful backdrop.  It provides a great opportunity for a romantic walk or a friendly conversation.  I love getting exercise in Freedom Park by walking, biking, or jogging around the lake.  It's very soothing.  During the summer and on the weekends, it can get quite crowded at the park, but if you can find a spot to park on those days, the park is still enjoyable.  I look forward to the day, though, that the bike paths are more connected with one another to provide a more thorough ride.  The festivals that are held at Freedom Park (Festival in the Park, for example) are fun, too.  I never buy anything artsy or craftsy, but I enjoy people watching, getting a bite to eat, and getting out to do something out of the ordinary other than my weekend Target or mall run.
4	I love this park. I was one who went for nighttime strolls with a group of friends and ended up having to leave cuz of cops trying to scare off the gangs on the other side. O Well. Daytime trips were nice also. I like the trees and hills of grass and the playground rocks for kids! Take some bread so you can feed the geese - don't let them get too close though. One stole my hotdog straight out the bun once - no lie - I have pics to prove it. Make sure to wear yoru sunscreen when going here. Walking from one place to the other is quite often stripped of shade for long distances.
4	If Charlotte had a Central Park, it would have to be Freedom Park. It is not within the part of the city boosters refer to as "uptown;" nonetheless, it is still pretty conveniently located in the area that spans Dilworth and Myers Park, indisputedly the loveliest part of the city.Other reviewers have described Freedom Park well, see Jonathan P. for a native Charlottean's view. Lots of nostalgia is associated with Freedom Park, as it has been a hub for years in neighborhoods that never experienced urban blight.I would probably rate Freedom Park with five stars, except that its own popularity causes it at times to be too crowded for its guests. The goose "situation" has been well-addressed by the city in the wake of a goose population boom- mmm, make that "poop-ulation" boom several years ago. But if you go on a pleasant spring weekend afternoon to walk your dog, be prepared to dodge rollerbladers, bikers, skateboarders, and strollers.In general, though, Freedom Park offers just that- freedom. And a chance to escape the grind. We're lucky in Charlotte to have it.
4	My husband and I have been in Charlotte for 6 years and are on a never ending search to find great places to spend quality time as a family.  Freedom Park happens to be one of our latest finds!  Great place to spend an afternoon with lots of great photo spots!  Great walking trails and playground too!
5	I am in love with this park! Apparently so is everyone else...when it is beautiful outside everyone who is anyone is at Freedom Park. It seems like a mini-Central park (like others have already noted). It is well landscaped and maintained. In addition, you will find a lot of trees, a giant pond/lake, and plenty of space to spread out a blanket or pick a table or bench for a picnic.I enjoy taking a book and soaking up the sun! You'll see many people running, riding bikes, walking their dogs, playing frisbee...you name it. It makes me happy to see so many diverse people out and enjoying life. However, it makes me a bit nervous when I see a pet owner having a difficult time holding on to their dog and it's a pit bull.Get out to Freedom Park and enjoy what the city has to offer!
5	By far the best park in or around downtown. Something for everyone.
4	I came here with take-out dinner from a nearby restaurant.  I was surprised to find such a peaceful spot only a few minutes' walk from my car (parking was super easy).  That was nice for me because I was still wearing my work clothes, including dress pants and shoes not suited for hiking.  It was really clean and I enjoyed eating dinner on the picnic tables that were conveniently located overlooking the lake.   It appeared that there was significant effort placed into keeping the walkways and trails well-maintained.  There are lots of benches along the creek that run through the park; it would be a great place to turn off your cell-phone and read a newspaper or book.
5	So pretty.
5	Best park in the city.  I do wish they had more entertainment acts during the summer months.
5	This is such an awesome park.... From the small lake that you can see families fishing in to the trails that you can walk or ride bikes though this park has it all. I recall being there once, on one side there was a small out door wedding and on there other side there were individuals giving bongo and dance lessons. I love this park especially when it is festival in the park time. This is a great opportunity to meet people especially if your new to Charlotte. So if your looking for a nice clean park that's relaxing check it out
5	Ahhh Freedom Park, so tranquil at 8 am on a Wednesday. Not so much at 10 am on a Saturday. But hey, it's a beautiful public park, what did you expect? I'll echo others' sentiments and agree that this park is well landscaped, thoroughly taken care of and super diverse. There are great jogging trails, tennis courts, baseball and soccer fields and a cute pond near the back. If you walk along the west side of the park, you'll see an amphitheater-ish space where concerts are played in the summer. It's a great space to be all healthy and athletically inclined as it is to relax and enjoy a picnic lunch. This is a fab park for all ages and dogs - just make sure that you can account for both! I've seen many a pup (and child) run amok around here. It's a big space folks, kids and dogs like to explore - do so cautiously! I love this park and I will undoubtedly be frequenting it more so when the mercury dips down a bit and the weather is more bearable!
5	Awesome park with something for everyone. It's large and the center lake/pond makes for great scenery with the wooded surrounding. Whether you want to run, walk, play tennis or softball, enjoy the playground equipment or have a picnic, you be won't be disappointed. Very dog friendly, which out little guy likes even though he hates dogs (ha).
5	People have hired our clowns to entertain at Freedom Park for their birthday parties and family events!  The entertainers always find ample parking and have always had a nice time! The playground is large and there seems to be ample space for large family events.
5	I love that Charlotte has so many cute little parks throughout the city and Freedom Park is my favorite!  One end of the park is so pretty and relaxing with the well-maintained pond and rolling grassy hills.  It's a great place to spread out a blanket and have a picnic, althought for some reason I've never done this.  The other end of the park has playgrounds and sport courts (tennis, soccer, basketball, volleyball, baseball). On a beautiful day this park can get pretty crowded.  If you want to avoid the crowd you can always make use of the paved nature trail that runs just outside the park.  I usually make use of this when I'm running so I'm not tripping over people.This is a great place to bring visitors and relax for a bit, or in our case last weekend, to walk off a rather large breakfast.
5	Several reasons I love Freedom Park:1) It has something for everyone - playgrounds, beaucoup de sports fields (lots of soccer goals for my husband), well-maintained lake and picnic facilities, great jogging trail.2) Even on crowded weekend days, we've always been able to find a place to spread out a blanket and chill out.3) Everyone always seems to be having a good time.
4	Definitely and oasis right in the middle of the city!  I mostly go here for the tennis courts (which fill up rather fast).  They aren't the best courts in the world, but their location is central and great for meeting people that are coming from all parts of the city.The park can get a little crazy at times with all the amenities it offers so parking can be hit or miss.I have been to a couple of birthday parties in the park as well- there are a ton of shelters that can be rented out.Lately I have been parking in the park and running the Booty Loop.Great park, just wish I lived closer to it!
5	Even with the occasional dead goose floater and the WORST public restrooms this side of a Time's Square McD's, Freedom Park is the bestest.We chose "the Central Park of Charlotte" for our wedding for one important reason - the price. It's 300 bucks to rent the center island and theater. Yup, that's it. Now, they don't do much for you other than let you use the space (as in, they don't do chairs, no PA setup on site, etc) but it's a super reasonable 5 hour window for very little money in the wedding-grand-scheme-of. Getting your date set can be rough - staff is scattered and schedules odd, since the budget for public services has tanked recently. But they'll be there to let your stuffs in, tell you the best way to get the loads of decorations to the site, etc, shake your hand and tell you congrats, basic but good. Plus there's willow trees, lots of shelters, and a panorama of public theater seating for picnics. You can also easily imbibe a sunny-day-life-is-good cocktail here with no problems, as long as you aren't obnoxious about it.Good stuff, this here park.
4	Ah, Freedom Park, that bastion of green in Charlotte.  You can partake in the Festival in the Park over a fall weekend, or perhaps you can catch a movie over a series of crisp nights, or maybe just head out on any old day to stroll around the lake.  If you're enterprising - and some of you are - maybe you'll even get married here.Though the powers that be in Charlotte want to insist that we are "world class", let's face it.  We aren't.  Probably never will be.  There is no Central Park, because there just isn't room.  There is, however, Freedom Park.  It's a large park, with plenty of open space, lots of parking and all sorts of things to do outdoors.On the downside, it isn't always well-maintained (like most other parks in the area).  While the grass and trees are typically handled well, the water isn't quite as nice, so you will find dead animals and trash without looking too hard.  Still, it is what it is, and it is one of the nicest parks in the area.
4	Most of my time spent at Freedom Park is from 5:30am - 6:30am at Ultimate Crossfit Bootcamp.  This is my favorite Charlotte Park.  It is large and there is plenty of open space to find a peaceful area to relax, read a book or just people watch.  Taking the dogs here is fun as well - great social interaction for them too.  I will go here on a Saturday every now and then to run through the park when there is daylight.I have even seen people fish in the lake - however, I can't vouch for their success.I will go back, over and over.
5	Single men!!  If you ever need help picking up the ladies:  GET A PUPPY and cruise this park in nice weather!!!  Chicks will be on you like white on rice.  The parking here gets a little nuts but just be patient or use the overflow lot across East Blvd.  I heard there is a pathway now that goes from Metropolitan area all the way to the park - have to check it out!You are probably not technically allowed to drink here but I always bring wine or sangria in thermos or something and if you are not being loud and obnoxious, no one will question you!  What a great place to spend an afternoon!
4	Looking for confirmation this park is the best the city has to offer?  Try this was the backdrop for the home-visit episode of The Bachelor, where Brad (no, seriously, I mean it this time!) met Emily and her daughter to go fly a kite.  Out of all of then venues in town where one could tape a date, they chose Freedom Park.I can see why.  It is very picturesque with the lake in the middle and the band shell that looks out on to the terraced green.  Wide open fields give way to a meandering path that is good for strolling and jogging alike.  The tennis courts here (along with the soccer and baseball fields) are also highly utilized in warmer weather.This is also the home of Fall's Festival in the Park- a huge mixed media arts showcase with both music and food vendors aplenty.  Sadly, the festival's quality has gone down in recent years thanks mainly to the rather sketchy crowd the pulls in for the more popular weekend nights.  Better to go earlier in the week and during the twilight hours, in my humble opinion.One other downgrade, the public toilets here reek!  Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else before coming to the park, your nose and basic sense of sanitation will thank you in advance.  With the recent slashing to the park service budget, I don't see this one getting better anytime soon.Still, when I need to get out of the office and enjoy a little fresh air on my lunch hour, I'm glad to have this space to come to.  During the week, parking in plentiful right in the main entrance's lots.  It may not be the river walk for Central Park, but it is a nice slice of green when you're sick of seeing asphalt.  And hey, it's got enough ambiance to score a few scenes of The Bachelor, so it's not all that bad.
4	This is one of my favorite parks in Charlotte!great location, lots of parking, and plenty of shaded areas for a picnic
5	There's no better place to be on a sunny day in Charlotte than Freedom Park. It can get crowded sometimes, especially on the tennis and basketball courts, but there's plenty of room to throw a frisbee or baseball, kick around a soccer ball, or go for a run and check out all the fine ladies. This place is almost perfect.
5	This park is pretty large for Charlotte, and one of the prettiest! The park is pretty well maintained except for the gross water in the pond. Come on guys let's do something about that, it's really nasty. There's plenty of parking which is good since this park gets really crowded on nice days. And there's sometimes a vendor for drinks and hot dogs now!There's plenty to do at this park with soccer and baseball fields, volleyball, tennis, and basketball courts. The playground is pretty nice and lots of people bring their kids out to play. Dogs are allowed and seen everywhere in this park as well. Probably one of the best parks in Charlotte.
4	I love freedom park, good for walking the dogs, playing with the kids and having bbq's. Walking around the lake is so romantic and soothing/relaxing. I also love when they have the movies in the park where they put up the big screen and everyone comes out with their chairs, coolers and has a good time!
4	Love taking my family (dog included) early in the morning before the crowds get there. Playground needs a little updating, but the kid still loves it!
4	Freedom park has everything a person needs in a park (bball/tennis courts, baseball fields, walking/biking/running trails, and natural scenery.There are good restaurants/bars and nice homes to look at in Dilworth as well.
4	I haven't had the chance to post, but I first went to this park about a year ago when it was nice and hot outside.  I originally went to play basketball at their court...I was able to do so, but not the best outdoor basketball court; very dirty and rims could be replaced.What I did get out of the park is the space that is available to you.I was able to get some good running/sprinting in...and great views all around.The sidewalk around the lake is great and something is always going on.  Great place for group parties too.  Great parking too
5	Coming from the Triangle, I really wish we had a park as nice as this one. This park seems to have everything you could hope for in a park: a playground, a long trail along a creek, open courts and fields, lakes, ponds, and even a museum. The triangle has great nature trails for runners and bikers, but most of the parks are smaller and none of them have as many amenities as this one. The streets surrounding the park are also nice, with many cool shops and restaurants nearby. There are also bike lanes along the roads, and medians at reasonable intervals to make crossing the street easy. I'm sure there are negatives to the park that I didn't notice on my first trip, but I had a great time walking the park with Susan Z. I also highly recommend driving the streets around the park, which have beautiful old trees that create a lush canopy.
4	Freedom Park is by far Charlotte's loveliest park and should be a source of shame for lesser parks around town. I'm looking at you, Marshall Park! The pond, stone bridge and fountain in the middle are glorious. The landscaping and flower beds are usually well kept and benches are plentiful and in good condition. In the warmer months you have the added benefit of having great clouds of enticing smoke wafting over the park from the people cooking out at the various picnic areas. Perhaps not a good thing for those repulsed by the smell of grilling meat, but whatever.If you go there to do some walking or jogging, I recommend doing some laps around the pond for a while before switching it up by going to the more shaded trail that goes along the other side of the creek. There are facilities for basketball, baseball, soccer, tennis and volleyball. Since I don't really do sports, I can't comment on how good the fields/courts are. My only real complaints would be that the water fountain at the southern end of the pond never works and the pond can get pretty nasty with pond scum and litter in some spots.
5	Don't read my review, so many others have described this place better than I plan to right now.  I just went in over the weekend to help out with a Downs Syndrome benefit and decided that the place obviously needed one more 5 star review.A great place for a walk or a picnic on a random day, but then also there are great organized events out there such as festival in the park.Just go enjoy nature in the middle of this concrete jungle we call Charlotte.
4	Frisbee? Check. Picnic? Check. Scrabble? You damn skippy.Freedom holds a place in my heart. This is the second most frequented park for me in Charlotte. I love the large space, the range of terrain from running and bike paths, to playgrounds, to island hopping, to outdoor theater, to sports fields, to wooded areas and meeting halls. En short, this place suits all of your park needs, and is a great place to people-watch.If so great, then why only 4 stars you may ask? Two reasons.1.) Clean up and maintenance: Someone needs to seriously address the amount of bird poo in this area. I know I know, there's a lot of bird in the area that contribute to the picturesqueness of the park, and birds poo at an alarming rate. However, when it gets to the point where you need to look down when you're running (so you don't step in anything) instead of taking in the sites, or spend 20 minutes looking for a place to spread your blanket that doesn't have a mound near in, something needs to be done. I know parks don't get a crazy amount of funding, but I'd be willing to volunteer to clean up once in a while, and I hope other people would as well.2.) This park has the best theater and seating that I've seen in a while... but I never notice any plays going on there? Festivals and other events sure, but I haven't seen any theater events scheduled or advertised anywhere. Saw a guy doing yoga in it once, but it was a far cry from what I'd been hoping to see. Other than that... it shall remain a sunny day favorite.
5	I'm not trying to say that this is the best park I've ever been to, but I am trying to say it's the best park in Charlotte.  I hate when parks are completely devoted to sports fields and parking lots.  I enjoy freedom park because, if necessary, I can park there, and also play just about any sport there.  However, the aspect that really makes this park great is the fact that you can promenade about while taking in the sights.  I guess I wish it was a little bit larger or had more areas to explore, but it is a really premier park.  The fact that it is connected to the Little Sugar Creek Greenway only makes it better.  Some might dislike how busy it can be at times, but that is exactly the reason this park is interesting.  I've been to ten's of parks in the area and most of them are totally deserted and lifeless.Freedom park is a must visit for anyone looking to unwind or get some exercise in Charlotte.
4	A Great park for walks, to relax and enjoy nature. Dogs are welcome.
5	One of Charlotte's best places to go and clear your mind
4	It's obvious why this park is fantastic:It's huge, beautiful, and diverse. You can use the basketball courts, sports fields, running paths, picnic areas, fishing spots, playground, you name it! It's beautifully landscaped and I love that it's not a big rectangular grass patch like some parks, but it's also not all isolated dirt paths where you don't run into another soul. The festivals and such are always a fun outing. In fact, the Taste of Charlotte festival would be MUCH more enjoyable here if there were a way to do it. The parts I don't love: It can get extremely crowded. Some people like a busy park - it's great for people watching and making new friends. However, I prefer to enjoy the nature with other people without feeling like we're all there for the same company picnic. The parking situation is awful. When I have to circle the lot twelve times, give up, and search for alternative parking, I begin to feel like I'm at the mall. As Danielle G. mentioned, the bird droppings are atrocious. The pathways, benches, grass, everything is covered in bird poop. You want to just ignore it and get on with your jog or picnic but it's e.v.e.r.y.w.h.e.r.e.All in all, it's a beautiful park that will always be my first choice, but when it gets crowded I don't think twice about heading over to the Greenway.
5	From a photographer, I love the setting here! There are benches and bridges and of course the lake. Very diverse and just overall great! You can also walk to the Little Sugar Creek Greenway from here, which is a huge bonus. It has several festivals throughout the year, and is never completely isolated (but may be a little crowded, say, at the Festival in the Park). I would definitely recommend to families and photographers and anyone to see what this park has to offer!
5	I. love. Freedom. Park. From the big ol' lake w ducks and birds usually flappin' in close proximity, to the grassy knoll ppl picnic, nap, watch movies (in the summertime), or -like me- do yoga on-, to the ample walking/running trail that's away/behind the open areas, to the athletic fields (tennis, volleyball, baseball, soccer), to the large playground area w the cool train, to the abundance of parking available (inside the park, street parking around the park, neighborhood parking  thisclose to the park), to the benches and tables located in picturesque spots - I am a fan!
5	Since I just moved to town I have been looking for all the fun local spots & a friend suggested Freedom Park to me. I was not disappointed! This place is so beautiful and I fell in love with it. Moving away was kind of tough at first, and you are used to everything in your home town. Well, getting accustomed to Charlotte has been pretty easy so far because of gems like this. I had a park at home that I would frequent often & I'd argue that nothing could compare to it's awesomeness. As we drove into the park, we passed baseball fields, soccer fields and tons of greenery. Cincinnati was never this green anywhere and that's been a huge bonus for me. When we drove to the parking lot, I was greeted with a black locomotive that you can actually PLAY on!!!! HOLY CRAP!! Did I go play on it?? Um, YES. Of course I did. There is a playground area for the kiddos and then a path that leads right up into the train. I was the Train Conductor for about 5 minutes, took about 1000 pictures and then was ready to move on to the next bits of awesomeness. We took a path that led to a cement path and I have to admit, first I was skeptical since I held such high standards for my own park. When we walked onto the path ahead it greeted me with warmth and sunshine streaming through the trees. There was a creek next to us with a man made water fall and the sound was so calming and peaceful. As we kept walking we realized there was a suspension bridge that crossed over into the other part of the park and I wanted to walk across it just because I could, Indiana Jones Style. I went over, came back and we walked past a nature center. We were going to go check it out but it looked like a field trip was going on and we didn't want to interrupt. Back at the suspension bridge we crossed over to the other side of the park and it took my breath away... no, not because I'm out of shape and worn out from all this walking either. :P It was so beautiful, and my old park was crushed in my mind by the beauty of this new park. There was an amazing pond with ducks that swim right up to you hoping for a piece of your bread, and weeping willows that just cascade down into the waters edge. The spring flowers have been just amazing here and this park just showcased them all in a way I've never seen. LOVE LOVE LOVE. I will be a regular at this park for some picnics, peaceful walks & the occasional train conducting!
4	i love this park!!!i work very close to this park and until recently, did not fully appreciate its value. i took the opportunity to walk through the park on my way to the gym and it was beautiful!! there are so many fantastic places to lay out a quilt and take a nap or have a picnic lunch. fabulous way to spend a wonderful morning/afternoon/day outdoors!
5	Favorite Park in the city! Beautiful spot! Fitness,Family or Fun!
5	I love Freedom Park. The lake and the trails and the playground are all awesome. Festival In The Park is just one of the many events that takes place here. Parking is sometimes difficult when there is an event going on. It's not always the cleanest, but that's okay with me. As far as the parks around Charlotte go, you would be hard pressed to find one better than this one.
4	This is a very nice park.  It is not as big as other parks in other cities, but it is a great place to get away for a few hours.
5	I love this park.  I love the tennis courts.  I love the lake (or pond?).  I love the aggressive geese that steal picnic dinners out of unsuspecting children's hands.  I love the interesting people that study, read, and play frisbee on "hippie hill".  I love the bridge to the band shell.  I love the yoga that is offered here on occasion.  I love the caddywampus dogs that people are walking here.  I love the random fishermen.  I love catching a little bit of a baseball game here.  I love the train.  I love the second playground with its big sandbox and swings.  I love the nature trails.  BUT, the thing I love the most is having a picnic in this park on a lovely day-- loading my car with scooters and bicycles and balls and dolls and watching my children behave wildly!  I also love the lacrosse for girls offered by CYLA at this park.  --Festival in the Park is a fun (but crowded) event held here annually.--lots of charity walks and runs here...--bathrooms are at your own risk!  yucky!
4	This is a nice park and very big.  My wife and I were there for Festival in the Park and we had fun.
5	Beautiful park!
3	My dog and I walk this park a few times a week.  The park is clean and pet friendly, obviously.  They have a great outdoor amphitheater, although I have never seen anyone perform there.  For the most part people pick up after their animals.  I think having more pet stations would help.  The park is well kept and offers a lot of space to sit and read, play ball with your pet, fish, skate, bike or just hang out.
5	Great Park. Very dog and people friendly. The pond is really nice to walk around and there is always activity going on (baseball, flag football, boot-camp workouts.) Good nature trail.
5	On days like today- everyone should get outside. After a fun week in Vegas my boyfriend and I took a nice little stroll in park- as expected it we were not the only ones enjoying the day. While it can be a little crowed its always clean and we feel safe. I guess it was a calming place for my boyfriend to ask me to move to Virginia with him (for his job). Of course I said yeas, but I'm going to miss our walk in the parks.
5	Simply one of the best parks I've ever had the pleasure of living near, partaking in the grassy areas, walking along the water, and watching ducks/Canadian Geese fly overhead. I love Freedom Park. Entrances....everywhere. You can enter or exit from the North, South, East, West...and every direction you can imagine. It's the accessibility that sets this park apart from the rest. Best actionable aspect is the connection to the Little Sugar Creek Greenway. Take the path northward towards East Blvd and you'll end up on the Greenway. You can take it all the way to CMC Main or Midtown or The Met. Great for a Saturday walk to lunch or to run a few errands. The shelters are great, too. Plenty of space, grills, benches, etc. Love this park. Plain and simple.
5	I'm surprised Freedom Park would actually be on Yelp to review. It's a beautiful spot and fun for everyone! Running, biking, long boarding....the playground is great for kids (though certain days are better than others for busyness). There's also a greenway that runs through the Park towards downtown, which is scenic and had some wonderful stops. I love going to Freedom at night as well....the lights reflecting off the water make it seem like it's right out of a painting. If you live in Charlotte, this place is a must to visit and explore!
5	What a wonderful park , although not close I believe I will find myself here more often . It's huge but it seems like a nice place to hold multiple events , saw lotsof people jogging, walking , fishing etc. although I'm really not sure what kind of fish are in a fountain pond ! The best part ...... You can rent bikes ! I'm not sure how much it cost but I'm definitely going back to check that out one day !
5	What's not to love about this park? Lots of playground space for the kids, moderately clean bathrooms, fields for sporting events, a pond, ducks, the occasional slackliner, and the greenway that will sweep you away to the Met in no time flat! I love seeing the families with kids, sloppy puppies, drum circles, and now the B-Cycles. I hear there's a nature center, but I've really just stuck to the main areas.Now living within walking distance, we venture here often for an evening of people-watching or just to get some fresh air. Nothing captures my heart more than seeing a beautiful park filled to the brim with enthusiastic people.Enjoy the great outdoors, friends. Or at least this little pocket of it.
5	I like goose.
5	Never been to this park but I MUST come back, and I WILL come back. Peaceful, serene, beautiful scenery, calm waters, spacious, lots of grass... Great for picnics, and a cheap date night. 'Nuff said.
3	Festivals are fun, Tennis courts and pretty days its nice to walk or ride. I don't recommend at night. Sometimes weird things happen day and night here.
5	Now this is a park! I absolutely loved it here! There are beautiful views, plenty of parking, bicycles for rent and trails for walking. Everything about the vibe here makes me want to keep coming back. And it was so clean!!! Despite all the people, activities, picnics and dogs there was no trash or mess anywhere! And in my opinion, that's so freaking awesome! It's really amazing here! I had a great time and I definitely look forward coming back! See you soon, Freedom Park!
4	LOVE this place.  A nice park with multiple playgrounds, tennis courts volleyball, baseball.....there is a music shell and lots of yoga classes held here.  I really like the little sugar creek walkway there, such a nice shady walk.  There is also the nature museum right there, so lots to do!
5	Water. Fountains. Baseball. Paths. Trees. Ducks. Benches. Green-ness.Good.
5	This is a great family park to take your kids to. Dexter and I are a bit spoiled from piedmont park in Atlanta. This is a nice place to run around and work out with. Dog must be on leashes and in control.There is walking path, bike paths, fountains, hills.
4	I am in love with the new Play 60 area that is sponsored by the Carolina Panthers. My four year old son would stay there all day if we let him. I am jealous that I am a grown up because I want to do the obstacle course but I am afraid of running over small children. This is a wonderful addition to an already great park. Grab the family and go have some outdoor fun!
5	Wonderful park! There is also a nature center next to it. Our kids loved it and it was a great place to take a break as we were driving through Charlotte. Our kids both found things they enjoyed at this great park!
4	Plenty of room to hang out with the dogs. Favorite activities include sniffing around pond, sniffing on the bridges, sniffing around the tennis courts, sniffing on the grassy knolls, etc.Can't let them off leash though...
5	This is a nice park, but Independence is still my favorite. I have only been here twice, so far. The first time, I just drove around it and was like "okay, whatever"...it was busy in the park and I did not want to look for parking, being my first visit, I just came to see where it was. The second time, I walked a few laps around the lake.  No view of the cityscape here, expect a glimpse of the crown of the BofA Tower.I do plan to visit again!
5	We stopped here while in the neighborhood and were blown away by how gorgeous it was! We weren't able to stay long because a bad snow storm was hitting but we can't wait to go back and see it during all seasons! Great place to walk your dog as well.
4	This is a good sized park, looks like you can rent bikes here as well. Great place to be on a sunny day, lots of people, families, and dogs!Next time i go I think i'll try out the greenway connector nearby
5	A must see for anyone visiting Charlotte. Lots of places to lay out and catch sun. Bike rentals, nearby sport fields for baseball.
4	Kids. Families. Dogs.Families. Dogs. Kids.Dogs. Kids. Families.Kids. Dogs. Families.Dogs. Families. Kids.Families. Kids. Dogs.There are no other permutations.
4	This place is great for kids and adults! The park itself is not too big but it is scenic. There's a large lake in the middle and around it there are paths to run on or walk your dog. The lake is filed with ducks! Rental bikes are a must! So much fun. This location it's also good for a picnic. There's plenty of benches to sit on, there's a basketball court and a softball field for kids to play. Every time we have visited this park it has been packed with people. Most of the time the softball field is occupied by youngster teams. One of our visits consisted of a study date but it was too loud to focus on the study material since there's children running around all the time. Overall it's a great park and it's always clean and neatly kept. It's a great location for a little nature date outside the city.
5	Gamer Galaxy was recommended to me from a friend who said it was the coolest game shop in Austin. Suffice to say I was not disappointed. The workers love games and love talking about them, and the store carries loads of awesome games and accessories, from Xbox to Atari and everything in between. They even have rooms that you can rent out to play any game in the store. Definitely come to this shop first if you love games, especially classic ones. All in all it was a great experience I was happy to be a part of.
4	This park has everyone you need. Trails, ponds, playgrounds, restrooms, and it has this really cool play60 kid zone. This obstacle course while really tire your kids out. There are plenty of trees for shade and lots of grass for picnics!
4	Went here during the tree climbing festival. It was nice. There's an easy walking trail right around the water.
4	Fantastic park; clean, safe, lots to do (ample tennis courts, walking trails, play area for the kids), and there is usually nothing unusual or suspicious going on. Definitely go in the fall. Beautiful time of year.
4	Freedom park is a really nice park. Its made for a running, biking, soccer/football fields, tennis, football, baseball and also has 2 or 3 playground areas for kids. They have the bike sharing b cycles and an area for a small stage for live music performance. The reason it doesn't get five stars from me is because it doesn't have any basketball courts but I'll let you all figure out why its like that.
5	I love this place. Greatest memories here as a kid and the tradition lives on. Love love love
3	First of all dude, I didn't feel very free here. There are  quite a few footpaths that are oppressing me. If I was really free I could walk wherever I wanted to. Don't tell me its freedom park and then dictate where I walk!! Also I tried to go swimming in the little pond and wrestle a few of those smart ass ducks...guess what? Not free enough to beat the crap out of the wildlife. After the Park Rangers delivered their jackbooted verdict as to my duck battle, I chose to  exercise my freedom by climbing some trees, that was quickly snuffed as well. This isn't freedom man. I think this place should be renamed 1936 Berlin Park.
