4	A new, quaint little stop in Oakland.I stopped here with a friend the other day for some dinner. The decor is kind of bland, but the prices are reasonable. There's a plethora of food to choose from, from burgers and fries, to Peruvian fried rice, which is what I ordered. The food was great. The chicken is seasoned beautifully, and the portion was GENEROUS. The staff is friendly and was willing to help us out when we needed it.My only complaint: there was no ice in the ice machine, so one of the staffers went outside and came back with ice in a tiny bucket. Kind of sketch, but, oh well, I got ice.I suggest you check this place out. Pretty yummy stuff.
4	LOMO SALTADO is where's at! I lived in Miami for two years and I discovered this yummy Peruvian dish. It's steak, tomatoes, onions and french fries over rice. I used to eat it at least two times a month. I was excited to try AJ's after my friend told me it was awesome. It wasn't the best lomo saltado I have ever had but it definitely hit the spot. AJ's has other Peruvian goodies like Inca Kola and the Purple Corn drink (you have to try this at least once)
3	Actually good ceviche, delivered, and not expensive. I had little home made corn nuts with mine the first time, which were perfect with it, none the second time, which made me sad. The burgers and fries are just as good, if not better than five guys.Star lost for inconsistent delivery, not actually having great chicken, and never giving me those corn nuts again.
3	Hearty portion, reasonable price. Probably one of the better delivery options via campusfood.I ordered the 1/2 rotisserie chicken. I got two large pieces: a wing and a leg. Both were juicy and well seasoned. Plus, I enjoyed the zesty cream sauce that accompanied the chicken. The dinner came with a generous serving of thickly-cut fries and a bit of salad. The fries were a little limp on arrival; maybe they just don't travel well. I also ordered a side of sweet plantains. They were indeed very sweet, which made them seem more like banana slices to me (which is a pity because I really like plantains!).All in all, not bad for $15 and a short wait. While I might like La Feria in Shadyside a tad better food-wise, I'm glad that A&J's delivers!3.5 stars
4	(fish) Chicharrones! So they might not be the pork kind but they're still tasty. We ordered through CampusFood, I've never been to the actual restaurant. The chicharrones came with 2 sauces, one spicy guac. and one sour cream-y, and a nice helping of plantain chips - all around $10, big portions
5	Really good lomo saltado! It is owned by a really nice family from Peru, who is very friendly and cook authentic food in a home-made style. It is also an awesome place to go watch some world cup matches in the big flat screen TV.I definitely recommend!
4	This was the first place I ordered off of when I got my food through collegebite.com.  I must have misread that their delivery is free, but it was $1 with a minimum order of $10.  Delivery took an hour, but I gave them the benefit of the doubt that something came up.After having fallen in love with lomo saltado over summer back in LA (at the much cheaper price of 5.99 that also included a cup of soup), I ordered the Lomo Saltado here for 11 bucks.  Granted it is a tad expensive for the ingredients that go into a lomo saltado, i was still CRAVING it. I also ordered an extra serving of Aji, the peruvian green-colored sauce.  Even with both servings of Aji, it was far from enough for me.  But regardless! The beef was slightly overcooked, but the dish definitely did satisfy my craving for what I wanted. They also did not provide enough rice for my liking, so I simply heated and added a bit of leftover rice I had in my fridge.  On the positive side, I was happy with the portions; it definitely filled me up for the rest of the night!Next time, I'm going to try to go to the restaurants itself to see if they offer unlimited Aji through a squeeze bottle or something.  Rotisserie chicken isn't my thing, but I will definitely be ordering this dish from them again, given that other peruvian places near my apartment don't offer lomo saltado (e.g. La Feria).
2	I had the chicken and fries here.  It's a little pricier than my spot back in DC but that's okay because I assume this is the only choice here in Pitt.  Chicken was okay not the best I've had and the fries were a nice fresh-cut surprise.  They were like beach fries with sea salt but a little greasy.  I went to reach for an Inca soda (pineapple is my fav) and I looked around and saw that they don't have a commercial cooler....just a beach cooler with no ice just, drinks.  Odd.I'd go back if I'm craving the chicken, but it's just okay. Worth trying at least once.
4	I went here last Friday with one of my best friends (who is of Peruvian descent) because neither of us had tried the place before; it wasn't there before we graduated from Pitt!  The rotisserie chicken was excellent! It was so moist yet firm, the skin was delicious, and the seasonings were spot on--in short, it was everything that my Thanksgiving turkey didn't turn out to be.  I was very impressed.The fries and sweet potato fries we great, too.  All-in-all, it was a great lunch.  I'll definitely be returning. 4+ Stars--------For reference, my reataurant grading rubric:1 star: I will not return under my own free will.2 stars: If my coworkers want to go here for lunch, I will attempt to dissuade them.  I may attend if I am bored enough.3 stars: I won't mind going to this restaurant, but I won't suggest it.4 stars: I will enthusiastically return to this restaurant regularly when I'm in the mood for their food.5 stars: What, you haven't been here yet?! We have to go. Right. Now.
2	I want to like this place.  I'm a fan of Peruvian food, and was delighted when this place opened in Oakland back in 2009.  However, the disappointment I experienced during the first visit surged again during the visit today.Both times I ordered the 1/4 chicken combo, which comes with two sides.  I don't recall the sides I ordered the first visit, but the ones today (the sweet potato fries and pinto beans) were the saving grace of the visit.  Fries were fresh and crispy (although somewhat less so by the time I got them back  to my office); pinto beans were well-seasoned and savory.But the chicken, the main reason I went to AJ's?  In contrast to other reviewers' experience, the chicken was terribly dry and not particularly flavorful on both trips.  On my first visit in 2009, I chalked it up to the expected hiccups of a place that had just opened. Two years later, that excuse no longer holds any water.  The 1/4 chicken portion today was from a small bird, and composed of a wing and breast. Perhaps because of the small size, the little meat on the wing was so dry as to be crunchy...and not in a pleasurable way.  The skinny breast was also dry and fibrous.   My side order of aji pollero sauce, while piquant and delicious, could not save the chicken.  Perhaps there's something different about the chicken at lunch (left over from the day before?), but I'm not likely to rush back.  My last complaint about the place...again one that I initially chalked up to just-opened hiccups...is how long it took to get my order. Both times I was the only person there.  Both times it took 15-20 minutes to prepare my order.  Odd.To avoid ending on a sour note, besides the delicious sides and aji pollero sauce, the other clear positive at AJ's are the employees, who were friendly and welcoming both visits. Makes it that much harder to leave this negative review....
4	I've been meaning to order from these folks again, but I'm just never home to order delivery.  So my window to this restaurant is pretty small: I've only ever eaten from there once.  Regardless, my review:The delivery came fast! Faster than I expected.  That's always a pleasant surprise.The Peruvian fried rice is awesome! It was a new taste, and it was a good one.The rotisserie chicken is boring! Definitely not a selling point.You could definitely do worse for delivery.  I need to get that fried rice again soon.
2	Dear AJ's,I tried to like you, really I did. But this relationship just isn't working out. I'm not sure what puts me off the most, but I'm going to say it is a combination of overpriced, under-flavored, slowly created food. Also, I like when children under the age of 8 are serving lemonade on the street corner, but this practice is unacceptable in a restaurant; also, since the children did not know what to do with money, having the adult creating food in the back have to come out to actually make change was slightly annoying but mostly gross. While your chicken is pretty good and probably better than the rotisserie at Giant Eagle, your other menu items are not even worth commenting upon. I'm sad to say you've disappointed me for the last time, and I must now bid you adieu.Eternally hungry,Scott
2	I've tried all kind of fries from AJ. Simply put, THEY SUCK.If you want sweet potato fries go to Fuel & Fuddle or UPMC Montifiore 7th Cafe has even better and great sweet potato fries!
5	They have great beans. But I'm writing this review because I ordered take-out and there was some confusion because I pre-paid online, but then they gave me a whole burger and fries for free along with my order!That, or they accidentally gave me someone else's order with my food. Whatever. 5*s because I love the beans.
3	Right across from my office, so I went here on a whim. The food is AMAZING. Seriously, I could live on the pollo saltado. The flavor is fantastic. That being said, they are always "out" of something. The first time I came in, I was briefed by the waitress as to all the things they didn't have because (I think she said, very broken English) their truck had no arrived yet. Last time I went in and wanted chips and salsa. You guessed it, no salsa. If you're the only one there, you get prompt, attentive service. If there is one other party there, good luck. There's usually only one lady waitressing at lunch time and sometimes another guy bringing out food. The problem is that he doesn't speak English at all, so if there's an issue, you have to wait for the other waitress. I wish their service and menu was a bit more consistent to match their tasty food!
3	this place was... interesting. if you're not used to south american cuisine, you might be disappointed in their menu. (peruvian is totally different than mexican) but i knew what to expect, and that's exactly what i got.. except a little bland. what a combination of foods though.... peruvian, mexican, and burgers. who thought of that? although i will say, the sweet potato chip things they give you while you wait for your food were pretty good and so was the rotisserie chicken. it wasn't my favorite, but i didn't hate it either. oh, but also, i should mention, while they do have a tv, all that was on were infomercials... i watched the wonders of p90x for about 45 minutes during my meal... not my idea of entertainment.
4	I believe they are now named Inca Prruvian Rotisserie. I very much like the Pollo Saltado. I also really like the cilantro sauce, which comes with most of their dishes. The fried rice (with hot dogs) Arroz Chaufa is also very good, but greassy. As others mentioned before, since the owners are so nice and hard working, I am happy to overlook the slow service (I think a part of it can be cultural differences). When prompted, they ususally are fast enough.
4	I ordered a 1/4 rotisserie chicken with Peruvian rice and pinto beans for takeout. I wanted to order the ensalada rusa as a side, but it was not an option for the rotisserie chicken combo. The 1/4 rotisserie chicken consisted of a leg and thigh. It was quite flavorful. The dish also came with a delicious green sauce which I poured over the rice. The rice with the sauce and the pinto beans were also quite flavorful.Altogether, the meal cost $7.50 and was the most flavorful that I've had in Oakland. This restaurant is a nice South American cuisine option for students without a convenient access to a supermarket and a kitchen.EDIT: This is a review of the old location.
