5	5 Stars for the Bodyfit class.  It's little neighborhood gym in St. Henri. The gym equipments are limited and old but firm 5 stars for the classes.  oh boy, my husband just told me if I really want to write the review since it will make my gym crowded :)  Check out their website for the more information but just want to tell you that if you want to try and you've been wanting to try exercise classes, choose this one.  You will love it!  My body is all sore now but I will go back tomorrow night for another class!
5	Hardknox gym is the real boxing gym deal, complete with dedicated experienced instructors who can take all level of boxing/kickboxing athletes (incl. newbies and competition driven athletes) and teach/hone skills to become more effective boxers.  Don't go to this gym looking for cardio-box, that's not happening here, just the real deal - it's a better workout anyways ;)  But if you really do have your heart set on some cardio based workouts (1 hour instructor led type courses), this gym also offers a series of 'get in wicked shape' classes that are pretty much guaranteed to help you get stronger, tone up and shed some pounds if you attend them regularly and work hard (BodyFit, Bootcamp, CrazySkip).  The classes are fun, and filled with friendly enthusiastic participants of all abilities, and allow each person to work at as hard an intensity level as they are able to sustain/desire.If you're looking for a solid gym and a nice break from the chain gyms, join Hardknox and join the classes.  The instructors will motivate and gear you into shape.  You can buy per class/drop-in, 1 month, 3 month, 6 month or 1 year memberships.The gym has 1 full size ring, a complete weight gym, and aerobics type area that is primarily used for BodyFit classes.  It also has basic locker rooms complete with showers.
5	I've never taken a gym classes in my life before I joined this gym.  Now I can't live without!  Guess what! now I am taking the boxing class! If I can do this, you can do this too....   Great teachers, great gym classmates :) , great location- for me, 10 seconds walk... :P This is the best place to start your New Year's resolution; perfect body, loose weight, healthy life style or just having fun.  If you want some personal training, Herbie and Stephanie definitely can help you.  I've been having so much fun at the classes and the personal training sessions.  Well I just wanted to tell you guys about this place so that I am not the only one secretly enjoy this awesome place...  :)  being a good yelper and all.....
5	I have gone to a few gyms in town, but this is the real deal.I really hate the usual bullshit you have to swallow at the bigger commercial gyms - assholes who take up three machines at a time, talking on cell phones while working out, or the idiots who preen in front of the mirrors. NONE of that here! This is not a gym for poseurs or date rapists trying to pick up uninterested women. You have all the meat and potato weights that you will ever need and for the best cardio you could ever hope for, you can try the boxing class or hit the heavy bags. If you are like me and hate cardio and think it is pointless running on a treadmill taking you nowhere, then why not actually learn something while sweating? Learning to box will make you feel like a million bucks and you also learn how to handle yourself if it ever comes down to that. This is a great gym where you can get a sense of community and not have to worry about what you are wearing. The owner Herby is a great guy too! He will not let you laze around like a slob - he will whip you into shape and make you laugh while doing it.
