5	I would come here all the time if I lived in the area, but unfortunately, I don't.  Maybe I should do my bi-annual checks here tho, hmmmm....Fiancee had to get treated here for an extraction and a few fillings a few weeks ago and thoroughly enjoyed her experience.  The staff was extremely friendly and made sure everything was clear to us before work started.  Dr Calvo worked quickly and painlessly on what needed to be done and we were out in a jiff!  I'd recommend the docs here to all my friends.  So if you live in Vegas, come on out!
5	I had an infected tooth and to say it was bothering me is putting it way lightly. I looked at available dentist places in the area and to see what was recommended. I called them up to see about appointments and about not having insurance. They were very courteous even over the phone about how much procedures cost, and even went step by step what was going to happen. They even offer 20% off for some procedures for patients without insurance. I made my appointment, and from the moment I went in they were very nice and helpful. The dentist is actually the person who owns the business. She went over my options with me, how much everything was going to cost, and was very friendly. I hate needles, and have had bad dentists experiences in the past, with this dentist, if she could tell that I was remotely in pain she would slow down ask if everything is okay, if I needed more numbing she didn't hesitate to make me feel more relaxed  and comfortable given the situation. She kept talking to me throughout the procedure and I will be going back to this dentist. I will also recommend anyone who needs to see a dentist to come here.
5	I am very critical about dentists since I have such damaged teeth due to several long standing illnesses whose treatment just depleted my body of every nutrient available.  I walked in on a whim, after I walked out of another dentist b/c the receptionist was quite rude.  The receptionist was kind, sweet, and got me an appointment for the following Monday.Dr. Nguyen saw me on my first visit.  Witty, funny, thorough, explained EVERYthing and the dental hygenists and assistants were engaging and constantly ensured I knew what was going on.  I scheduled an appointment for starting the treatment plans for my teeth, and was going to come in 3 days later to start.When I came in, Dr. Hong came in and explained that he was replacing Dr. Nguyen that day--but then asked if that was OK and WAITED for an answer!!!  If I had said no, I know I could have rescheduled with no issue.  I said it was fine. Dr. Nguyen came in and explained why she couldn't make the appointment, and she asked if it was all right if he did my work. I said okay.Dr. Hong was incredible. I had a number of fillings replaced or done, and he was super.  Caring, careful, humorous, and again, explained it all to me.  Both doctors are amazing.  I have to go back about 5 more times to put in an implant, get 2 crowns, and replace some fillings, and will go back without hesitation.  The incredible thing? Dr. Nguyen had also taken the time to figure out how to break it down to best suit my insurance, and the receptionist went over all of it with me and gave me a copy of the breakdown and let ME pick what to do first.  I would drive across TOWN to see these doctors.  Incredible experience.
4	Had a great experience with this practice office. I believe in making patients aware of what is going on with there teeth and taking the time to explain the details. Even if I am not a dentist I have been getting my teeth cleaned by the same dentist for the past 8 years and was very knowledgeable about what was going on in my mouth!I live so far away from my last dentist that is was to much of a hassle to drive across town for my appointments. So I gave Dr. N and Dr. H a try and it went better than expected. I like the office it's very open and bright with a great selection of magazines. I was a little hesitant at the front desk because there was no sign in sheet and stood there for a moment before the Nurse addressed me. I explained who I was and she saw that I had an appointment and worked diligently to get me situated. They called me in with little waiting time and they work on Friday's !!! Went in sat in a clean chair with very nice decor even a TV!So watched the tube while they took X-rays of my teeth with an advanced system. Got my Teeth cleaned and the work explained to me about what I was needing done. Overall, I like this dentist and will keep going as a regular for now, also I like goodie bags at the end of my service and thought that was a Plus! Hence the 4 stars! ^__^
5	My family and I have been coming here ever since they first opened. Dr. Randy and Dr. Nguyen always treat us like family. We highly recommend them to everyone.
1	I have been going to this dentist for about 5 years now, and I have never had any issues until this last time.  I had to go in for my routing cleaning and everything went fine until the hygenist came to clean my teeth.  First of all, she was not friendly at all, not a 'hi, how are you today' nothing. She cleaned my teeth and when she was almost done, somehow the powder they use to polish your teeth, went ALL OVER ME.  All over my face, the chair, my neck, everywhere! Instead of apologizing for what happened, she just said in a matter-of-fact and non apologetic sort of way, "You need to go to the bathroom and clean it off your face.  The bathroom is right around the corner." OMG! After i got cleaned up (luckily I didn't have to go to work!), she didn't finish or floss my teeth like they are supposed to.. just handed me a bag with a toothbrush and floss, and sent me to the front. The receptionist also wasn't very friendly either.. when I asked her to explain the charges again for the "restoration procedure" I had done, and I said what I thought she told me prior to the procedure, she snapped back and said, "That's NOT what I said." OKay...... how rude! I never received an apology from the hygenist and the receptionist was the icing on the cake.  I will never go back, it's sad because the actual dentist was a really sweet doctor and she was very attentive.  Her staff, on the other hand, really needs an attitude adjustment. If you are having a bad day, that's fine, leave it at the door.  Your patients should not to be treated that way.
