4	At 62,000 Square feet, the new Rec Center in Chandler is brimming with cool opportunities.  There is tons of space for racquetball courts, basketball courts, dance studios, weight rooms, teen game room, senior room, kitchen, meeting rooms, PC lab, art studios...there's more.  Well done, Chandler!I like the open feel and the connection to the outside with the large courtyard.  The walking/running track also has a nice feel as it passes through other areas, although I'm not 100% sure about the proximity of the comings & goings in the large work-out area.  I haven't been here when it's really crowded, so we'll see if it's a problem.I'm looking forward to getting my kids involved in some activities here-there is lots available.  Even though my kids are older, I really like that there are TVs all over the place with a view of the child care area so parents can keep an eye on the little ones.  Nice.
5	Great park area!  It's always clean and very well kept. We celebrated my son first birthday at one of the pavilions and all the kids had a blast. I was lucky that someone cancelled, apparently the pavilions book months in advance.  The play area is completely covered, which is a necessity once  it starts getting hot.
5	I stopped by yesterday for a Zumba class with my friend. What an incredible facility! Nice jogging trail, state of the art machines, two large courts for basketball. AND they had Dance Dance Revolution! I only wish I lived closer so I could visit more often! For those without a pass, it only costs $4 for a day pass. Well worth it!
4	I have been a member here for a little less than a year. We go about 2-3x a week & love it! We bought the year pass because it was cheaper that way & we wanted to be more committed than the daily or monthly pass. I have been a member at other gyms but not as impressed as I am with the atmosphere here at Tumbleweed. It has an indoor track to get out of the AZ heat. The gym also offers racquetball which is a fun alternative to workout. They offer an array of classes (Zumba, Yoga, Pilates, Core Conditioning, etc)  which are included in your membership!!!!. You can't find those options for the same rate anywhere else that I know of. The people are professional & friendly - there is no haggling over membership price, commitment, or being approached by personal trainers. On that note, they do not have any personal trainers, which if you are someone who needs motivation or accountability, this probably wouldn't be the place for you. But for the price & option of the daily pass - you could bring a workout buddy anytime!!!  The other side to joining a Rec Center is that you are supporting your city & giving back to the community - not supporting some big money hungry corporation!   Check it out!!!
4	Yesturday was my first time going to Tumbleweed Center.  I liked it alot!  I took beginners Zumba!  I will definitely go again!
4	We LOVE this park AND rec center!  We've used everything from the sand volleyball court to the great jogging trails to the playground area.  The playground has a great little section for tiny toddlers as well as school-aged children.  Their barn-yard themed ramadas are perfect for little birthday parties - they even have large sized ramada areas for bigger parties. But book months in advance, because they're pretty booked - especially in Spring.  We were unable to hold one two weeks before we needed it.  The recreation center has a great area(s) for pre-teens (fully equipped with video games, basketball court, computers, etc.) and a day care center which is videotaped and shown on monitors throughout the gym upstairs for parents.This park and recreation center is definitely a perk of being a Chandler resident!
3	I can't beat Tumbleweed for the price and for them having less of a crowd than other gyms in the area. With that said, I also get what I pay for. It's definitely just a community center.  It seems lately they must be running low on funds. They only have 2 stairclimber machines and one of them has been out of service for over 2 mos. One of the 4 ellipticals that have built in TV's is usually out of service and if you get on a treadmill or elliptical with a built in TV, you'll be lucky if the picture isn't fuzzy.   My biggest issue with Tumbleweed currently, is the lack of cleanliness. Over the last few months I have noticed the wipes used to wipe down the machines after use have become increasingly cheap. Today, I went to get a wipe and it was the consistency of a one ply, off brand Kleenex.  Gross- they mine as well have nothing since what they have won't appropriately clean the machines. I have also noticed for at least 3 weeks, maybe longer, the same wood chip on one of the foot holds of one of the other cardio machines I use. The machines are clearly not being cleaned by staff either.  Cutting costs should not include the area of housekeeping and cleaning products.  I don't use the locker rooms but my husband mentioned there are signs in them now stating electronics are being stolen from lockers. I don't know if the electronic locks are being broken into or if people are leaving their stuff in unlocked lockers, but it's just one more sign the place is going downhill.
5	This facility has so much to offer!  There is really something for everyone in your family from children up to seniors.The gym is awesome - they have cardio machines, weight machines, free weights and group classes.  Childcare is available and I'll be interested in checking that out when my little one is big enough.  Room/space rental is available for parties, meetings, etc.  Chandler residents get to enjoy slightly lower prices than non-residents, but I think all of the fees are very reasonable.In the heat of the summer, the indoor track is a good place to go to get a real walk in! 10 laps = 1 mile. Tip to Parents: Strollers and children are allowed during family walk times.
4	I'm a fan of this place because:- their staff does their job: they are nice, greet you, and keep the place in tip-top cleanliness state and all machines are operational (meaning they up-keep well)- their classes vary and they have a convenient schedule of different types of classes- it is a modern, clean facility; has an indoor running track and plenty of new machines that have their own TVs with cable; also have a lot of machines and a great selection of free weights for those of us that prefer free weights over cable machines.
3	Good event space.
5	Honestly a great rec center. They have an awesome gym, the prices are really good for family packs, and the parks surrounding the center are beautiful and well-maintained. My 4 year old daughter goes to Apples to Zebras preschool and Club Pee Wee as well. She loves her classes and they are actually helping her get ready for school. She has "homework" each week and loves going each day. I highly recommend this for parents wanting to prep their kiddos for school. Unlike the Chandler Community Center Apples to Zebras program, this one actually has a decent curriculum. Although, the other program is great as well if you are wanting a daycare type environment instead of preschool.The staff is always friendly and knowledgeable and registering for classes online is super easy. If you haven't stopped by, go check it out!
5	I've been taking my kids here since they were toddlers.  They love coming to Tumbleweed.  I can honestly say that it is the best park in all of Chandler.We have held BBQ's here on special occasions, and each and every time, we had great experiences.  Reserving a ramada is quick, easy, and inexpensive.  Special events such as the Ostrich Festival and the 4th of July Fireworks are always fun and organized.  The only complaint I have about the big events are the port-o-potties... but then again, NOBODY likes those things.   There are no lights in those things, and when the sun goes down, you're left taking a shot in the dark... LITERALLY.  I thought I was being smart and prepared when I took about 4 glow sticks with me to the port-o-potty on the 4th of July celebration.  It was about 9:20PM, and man, those things didn't help my situation at all.  I'm a dude, so going #1 is no big deal in one of those things, but man, I have daughters, and I'm certain my wife has a hell of a time assisting them when they have to do their business.  I propose special upgraded upscale port-o-potties, especially designated for female guests.  I'm certain they will highly appreciate it.  All men would need is a big rectangular tent with a trough in it, and we'll be AOK!I still gave this place 5 stars, because my complaint was only for special events.  On a daily basis, the on-site bathroom facilities are well maintained and clean.
5	Great place for a gym, racquetball courts, tennis courts, fields, etc. They also hold the city events there often... great classes and activities for kids.
5	This review is for the step classes on Wed nights and Sat mornings only. Jody is a great step instructor. The class is not your basic, boring step class. She uses the same moves, but in different orders each time, and also adds new moves to the mix each time, as well. Her class kind of reminds me of dance drills or marching band--it's not a bunch of boring "8 on this side--8 on the other side--now 4--now other side, 4--now 2---now 2 on other side--now alternate---" etc.  If you used to like step but think it's sooo out now, give this class a try. It's much different than step of yesteryear, and you may be pleasantly surprised. She even mixed it up one week and gave us a sort-of step bootcamp, where we did step things for our cardio, and used weights in between for a dual workout.
4	LOVE Tumbleweed! Both the park and rec center! I'm here several times a week. They have a lot of classes to offer for both adults and kids. My kids are always signed up for something here. The facility is huge! It is really kept nice and clean. The exercise machines are in great condition. Good variety of fitness classes. Memberships are very reasonably priced. My only gripes are that child care is not included in your membership. You can buy a 20 visit pass for $40 for childcare. And they don't have a pool :( Otherwise, I'm a huge fan!Keep a close eye on your kids at the park! It's huge and there are lots of kids so you could easily lose them if you're not paying attention.
5	This place is a great place to work out at. Very family orientated and not alot of wanna be meat heads.
4	Best rec center ever.  Love all the classes, indoor track (albeit .10 mile, gets boring, but in the summer I'll take it!), equipment, racquetball and CHILDCARE!  Only $2.50 per kid (Chandler resident, it's slightly more for non-resident) for 2 hours of childcare while you're working out - awesome!  It's cheaper if you buy the virtual punchcard (I think it goes down to $2/child).  My husband and I pay $45/mo for the two of us - it's month to month no contract and this includes all the classes, including spin, yoga, hot yoga, bootcamps, step, aerobics and zumba.  We've been coming for I think it's been 6 years now.  I've been impressed with the instructors too.  The Treehouse (childcare) workers are great with my girls who LOVE going to the gym with us because they get to play there.  Only downside is that there's not much for pre-teens and the area where they're supposed to go while the adults work out is downright boring - this is the only reason I marked 4 instead of 5.
4	One of the best and biggest park here. I think the scenery is beautiful and spacious. There is a park along side many places to walk your dog or play football in. I love it here. I feel like a little kid coming here. Also, they have shade (which is a must especially for the summer time). I just came here today for the Fourth of July Fireworks and it was beautiful and packed with so many kids and family screaming, "Oooo, ahhh!" It was wonderful!!
4	We just moved to the area and were looking for a good place to work out. We decided to try the rec center and got a 1 week trial period. We worked out at different times during the day and were always able to get a treadmill or elliptical. I love that the classes are included in the month to month membership-no contracts too!
5	This is a really good recreational center. Plenty of dance rooms, space, equipment and even a indoor running track. There's TVs and couches and vending machines too! Outside of the center is a giant park. And plenty of parking.I love that dance and workout classes are held here. Of course, if you want to host your own, you can sign up to do that too. Whatever activity you want to do, I'm sure they are equipped for it. During the summer days, the indoor running track will keep you cool and prevent sunburn! Check this place out!There are fees for using the place so be sure to check the website. You are charged less if you are a Chandler resident the last time I checked.
2	Our dd took a few classes like Apples to zebras & Bldg Blk over the past few months. It has been a great experience not until lately. She came home complained about one of the boy bullying her - physically punching her. It wasn't once and twice, it was in several occasions.We went to alert one of the main 'instructor' - she said it has never happened before?!  While our dd was literally crying when we told the instructor because she was so scared that after letting them know, that boy will 'beat her up' even worse.In various occasions, we went to picked her up and we noticed that the younger instructors were standing around, chit chatting and not paying attention to the kids. It was a BIG class, 16-18 kids in a room with maybe 4 or so instructors (whenever they can get them in)Mind you, they are only "instructors" because they are staff for the City of Chandler, NOT 'qualified pre-school trained' teachers having any kind of certification - at least not ALL of them. We learnt that one of the staff working there was asked to stand-in once in awhile when they are understaffed. That's why their fees are really affordable.We coached our daughter as we understand that we as parents need to take responsibility in coaching her how to deal with such bullies, however, we also need to alert anyone out there who still want to send their kids in to be aware that the instructors need to be better trained in this aspect.
5	I really like Tumbleweed Rec Center.  They are open late enough that I can get a workout in after work.  They have a variety of machines to use.  I also really like the indoor track.  They also offer a lot of fitness classes, but I haven't tried any yet.It's clean and well maintained.  I like working out there.
4	I love their group exercise class! Roberta is the best instructor and she really puts your body to the test. They also have Zumba every night Monday thru Thursday at 8:00 PM, Friday at 6:00 PM and Saturday at 11:30 PM. Laura is my favorite Zumba instructor and she works the Saturday class. Gym has lots of different options for a great workout too!
5	This facility is great.  They have any and all the fitness classes etc that you may be looking for.  They also host a lot of the recreational leagues ie: basketball.  It is in a nice little area, surrounded by Tumbleweed park which hosts the ostrich festival every year.  They also keep things very clean and organized!
