4	Fearless Heart Yoga is a great spot to practise yoga in Uptown Waterloo. Yin and Ashtanga classes are my favourite, but other classes including "Power Flow", "Yoga for Sport", and "Weekend Warrior" are also offered every day of the week. The practise space and changing areas are above ground-level and they are bright, spacious and clean. The studio itself is a great environment and it is a very positive atmosphere for yogis of all levels. The unlimited rate is very affordable and the discount for a student's 30-day unlimited pass is one of the least expensive in the city.Fearless Heart also offers other services including massage therapy, reflexology, cranial-sacral therapy and more. I have been practising here for about 11 months and I like it a lot.
5	There are a few things that were obvious from the first day I walked into Fearless Heart:1. I wasn't just attending a class, I was joining a community;2. Yoga could be a part of my life, not just something to escape it; 3. This was going to be the kind of hard work that feels more like fun. Almost two years later, I'm still here four or five times a week. The instructors know their stuff, but more importantly are genuinely interested in how it applies to you. The instruction is always tailored to the people in the class and never the exact same. Don't be surprised if your class starts with the teacher asking you what you want to work on. Each instructor has their own style of teaching and area of expertise, so between all of them you're likely to find something that works for you.This is a studio that doesn't take itself too seriously. No one cares if you can do the perfect pose, what you wear to class, or whether you prefer organic kale smoothies or bacon & coffee for breakfast. They just care that you show up, have a good time, and are building a practice thats works for you. If you have an injury, they'll help you modify the poses. If you have a question, they're more than happy to answer it. And if you want to say hi to your friends while you lay out your mat, well that's allowed too ;)
4	A comfortable environment to practice yoga, and excellent for people who prefer to be in a more intimate environment.  The instructors are laid back but offer challenging classes - Ashtanga is very "spicy" as they like to call it.  The Yin Flow is excellent for rejuvenation of mind and body.  As with the previous reviewer, those were my favourite, however the others are great as well.  They provide Yoga mats and equipment which is convenient for those just starting.  They also incorporate spiritual practice into physical practice which is what I prefer.
