1	Too bad this is only one of two Jo-Ann Fabrics in Madison, and the only one on my side of town. I've shopped here 3 times a month all summer and this is what I've come to (sadly) expect:1. Customer service that is apathetic at best, rude at worst. Today, for example, my (sadly, regular) cashier forgets, twice, whether I want a bag. her apology? "Sorry. I just don't care much today." No eye contact, no smile. This is typical of the service.2. Three times the last month the item price that rang up was different from that listed on the shelf. I wasn't too bothered, as it rang up clearance price. When I mentioned to the cashier the clearance price was not the price listed on the shelf, she replied, "oh," and stared at me blankly.Fortunately Michael's Craft Supplies on the eastside is starting to carry more yarn and sewing items, which means I can stop the tortured visits to Jo-Ann Fabrics someday soon.
1	We went here to pick out fabrics for a quilt. We used a few tables to pick out color schemes and see what we were working with. The worker walking by actually said to us, "You ARE going to put that away, right?" I was so apauled. Then when we went to get all the fabric cut the lady was also very unfriendly and just had poor customer service in general.
3	This store is constantly understaffed.  The staff there knows me and is friendly to me (because I'm there several times a week) but they are still slow due to simply not having enough employees.The fabric selection is good.  For other crafts the selection is ok, but not as good as Michaels or Hobby Lobby.This is the only fabric store on the east side of Madison, so they don't have a lot of competition.  I wish they did, because then they might step up the service a bit!
4	While not as big as its West side counterpart, this little JoAnn's packs a punch. It's got a very good fabric selection and the gals (and occasional guys) at the cutting counter are nearly always super helpful. It's rarely very busy and the sale sections are fabulous. Today a very polite employee braved calling the busy superstore location and stayed on hold for nearly 10 minutes while she and an employee there tried to locate a product for me. Well done!
1	I wish that this Joann's would get a management overhaul. The store is always dirty, the fabric is in shambles, and the shelves are constantly under-stocked and unorganized. I believe this is a direct management issue because the staff work hard, there are just never enough of them on the floor.As it has been pointed out in previous reviews, there isn't competition for business on the eastside, so the store continues to be in business while providing a poor environment for staff and customers. Clean it up, guys! And get some more staff. You are working these ladies too hard and it's obvious that they don't have time to clean and organize the store.
1	I think at this point they should just close there doors on this location since the owners or manager obviously don't care. They have excellent products that you cant get anywhere else but they almost NEVER have enough staff. I have gone there on over 8 separate occations and left without the merchandise I had picked out because there was no one on the registers at all or because there was only 1 person on register and huge line of people waiting. A store is pretty much worthless if you cant pay for the items. I dont steal but I would imagine they loose a lot of stuff from people waiting for a checker too long.
4	The store is constantly understaffed but the people who work there are extremely nice & friendly.
2	I could visit this place four times and give it four different reviews. Today there was a long wait at the cutting table, which was (at first) staffed by three different people. The little number-giving-out machine was empty, so we all just stood in an orderly line. One of the women at the cutting table left right after I got there (there were five of us in line then) saying that she was already late for her break. I didn't like to see her go, but I understood about the break thing (sometimes you *really* need your break, and sometimes your manager *really* wants you to take your break at the scheduled time). It took a long time to get my stuff cut because one women kept cutting but the other one was helping a customer track down some numbers on a fabric. If I was that customer I'd have been thrilled at that level of service. So I finally got my stuff cut. The woman cutting it was very efficient (but I think a little rattled from being so busy) and admired my choice of fabric (hey, I love to be validated). I went up front and stood in line some more. There were, unusually, three different people working the registers. The woman who checked me out was mellow and chatty and also admired my fabric (I'm starting to think it's not my great taste but some new policy). So not a great visit but not the worst, either.
1	Horrible customer service.  Asked for help and was told to go wait in a line. next, That girl couldn't find the item that was kept behind counter. Didn't want to spend time on me because of people behind me. Other customer asked if she could call for backup.  Manager standing around said in a minute.  Continued doing nothing. I won't return to this location.
