5	Indoor airconditioned Paintball Facility. Indoor/outdoor Carpeting. Mil/sim style of play. Lots of different games and friendly refs.
5	Chris and his crew do a great job!!!  We recently went to Tempe Paintball for a work function.  Our group consisted of the United Nations, 3 Brits, 2 Aussies, a Singaporean, a few Gringos and a partridge in a pear tree.  No one in the group the group had ever played paintball before, but after the first game everyone thought that they were Navy Seals or MI6.  The best part of Tempe Paintball was that we were able to have a place to ourselves since in the early part of the week they are only open to private parties.  So we were able to shoot the crap out of each other for 2 straight hours (that was all we needed).  Everyone who went to the event says that it was the most fun that they had had in a long time.  For a great group outing you cant beat the fun and the price.
1	I went to Tempe Paintball a while back with a group and was extremely unimpressed with the lack of safety rules. We've done paintball before at other places and "fingers on the triggers" in other places is a giant no-no when you are outside of the game area. This place has no rules on it or does not enforce it. Kids need to be taught right away to always be safe. The staff didn't seem to care about it, which made my group feel very unsafe. I did like the facility but when this happened we decided to never go back. We love paintball, but we will find another place to go from now on.
1	Paintball aspect was fine a dandy, the young guy inside the arena was very helpful and welcoming............................................... but the experience before made me not want to spend my money there.I wanted to treat my younger brother out for his birthday, so I dropped him and our cousin off to get started. I left and ran a few errands before I joined them, but when I returned about an hour later, they were still sitting in the main area on the tables. I asked them why they weren't already playing, and my brother said they told him there was no available equipment yet. No equipment available? there was only a handful of people there, so I went to the front to see what was going on. Well I waited, and waited, several workers saw me, and then another group came up too, suddenly someone was there and asked them first if they wanted to play.. I of course spoke up and said I had been waiting before them and the kid finally helped me, but didn't show me the same helpfulness.We watched the video then walked to the back to get the equipment, I looked around as the kid was getting everything, and they had a whole wall full of paintball guns and safety gear... I asked if they were all working and available, the kid said yeah. hmm... really. If you haven't guessed it yet, I'm brown.Teach those kids some manners and educate them. Obviously they have some personal problems, otherwise your business needs a "whites only" sign on the front door. Never going back, and never recommending it.
3	I must write a review to say Wow! One of the managers of Tempe Paintball emailed me and offered a chance to make up the bad experience I had. He personally wasn't there to see what happened the first time, but he believed my word and I appreciate that. I definitely would like to take him up on that offer, but have not yet. So in the mean time I thought I'd post an update about the initiative he took on his part and reaching out to me. I appreciate a business built on customer service. Thank you.
3	I've been going here because it is conveniently close to where I live. It nice to go to a place to practice for the bigger fields. You have your mix of pro, semi and amateur players. So you can definitely can get better as a player and still have fun. This place is great for kids. They have great accommodation for kids here. You have the option to shoot 50cal paintball which hurts a lot less. The prices are very reasonable. You can play here for under 50 bucks.
4	This was my first time paintballing but Fridays are only $10 for girls (includes 100 paint balls).  the staff was super nice and welcoming.  Also when our bag of 500 paint balls went missing, they replaced it for free.  Also, if you bring your Friday  or Saturday receipt back on Sunday, you can play for free.  What a good deal!Overall the atmosphere was good and the arena was interesting as well.   The games played were: 5 minute respond and medic.
5	GREAT I love playing at tempe paintball! The only thing i would like would be to have more games to play besides the Norm such as death match, one hit respond Ect. I would like it if we played more games like capture the flag and president! Tempe paintball is amazing though, good for beginners to advanced players! I always have a great time!  :)
4	Indoor paintball experience, interesting!This was my second time playing paintball, and man was I scared. Last time I played was probably 6 years ago and it was outside. I had all the gears and pads since I borrowed it from a friend. I was basically padded up unlike when I played it the second time. Boyfriend bought a Groupon deal, so it wasn't expensive at all, and plus he had gears of his own, enough for the both of us to use, so heck yes!Make sure you watch the safety video! It's important even if you are not paying much attention to it. Make sure to protect your face with the mask. NEVER take it off when you are in the game. The workers here will let you know when the next game starts and when it ends. Each game is about 15 min long. Make sure you wear clothes that you don't care and shoes that doesn't have holes. During the game, the floor gets slippery because of the paint balls, so I would suggest to be careful not to slip. Game players here are nice and most people come here as family and friends, so mostly in groups. If you come here with your friend, girlfriend or just boyfriend, you have yourself an awesome partner in crime or one bad ass couple!Will come back when it's not too hot. Bring your own snack and drinks! They do have lockers and benches for you to leave things there and to sit after a game. I hope to play here again!
3	Came here for a friend's birthday and it was pretty interesting. Playing indoor is a lot more difficult than outdoors from my experience. There's not as much room and it's harder to find good hiding spots. They had a few good barrels and sheds to hide behind but there just wasn't a lot of space to run around. So I got shot a lot more than at the outdoor one I've been to. The games were odd, can't remember the names but you could respawn in one and another one you had to stay inside a house for a designated period of time and it was impossible not to get shot up. The games went so fast and then we had to wait a while for until we could get into another game so we spent a lot of time sitting around. The floors are incredibly sticky from all the paint, I felt like it was a struggle to take each step. They also had to caution tape a part of the field because something fell off the ceiling and exposed dangerous edges. I prefer taking the long drive to North Scottsdale for splatter ranch for the large outdoor paintball setting than the small indoor at Tempe Paintball.
1	Got this as a gift from Groupon....it was actually alot of fun...we knew we would get our butt kicked by a bunch of 12 year olds....but with that being said....they give you a 10 minute orentation about the rules which all make sense. the people managing the field do nto pay attention and inforce these safety rules. teams are not matched fairly....a bunch of 12 year olds agains a pro team....a guy on the other team stuck the barrell of his fully auto paitball gun under my face mask after he was shot out and shot me in the face. after i was out i proceeded to leave the field with my hands in the air ( as instructed) and the same guy unloaded about 15-20 rounds on me within 5 feet which again is against the rules. i questioned the guy on why he did it and he grabbed me by the shirt and proceeded to instigate a fight.  ALL OF THIS HAPPENED IN FRONT OF A YOUNG BLONDE FEMALE STAFF MEMBER WHO DID NOTHING! the staff didnt do much about this other than appologize and offer me a free visit. they contunued to let the violent gentelman stay and play when he should of been kicked out. there was also a dad and his 3 kids that  questioned the staff about the rules not being followed and they ended up leaving due to carelessness from the staff. needless to say....it would of been a ton of fun if the rules given were monotored. WILL GO TO ANOTHER PAINTBALL FACILITY NEXT TIME.
1	Absolutely horrible experience. I would give half a star if possible. It is overpriced for the size and style of arena. It is understaffed and unprofessional. I dropped my gun off to get work done and before I left to go to Tempe paintball to pick it up I notified the one employee on staff that I would be coming. When I got there I arrived to a locked door and after calling 17 times, knocking on the door for nearly 15 minutes and standing outside for nearly 20 minutes and leaving 2 voicemails I finally got my gun back. I will never return to Tempe Paintball nor will I ever refer a friend or enemy there... That would just be cruel. If your looking for a good place to go go to Westworld Indoor Paintball. It's a little bit of a drive but WAY more worth your money.
5	Let me just start off by saying that all of these negative reviews are funny I laughed at how dramatic they are...Now if you needed your paintball marker serviced this is the place to go the tech there has been doing it for a great deal of time, rates are more then fair at only 25.00 plus parts " If he needs to replace anything " You don't get service like that I felt very comfortable knowing I was not going to have a huge repair bill. From the moment I walked in to when I left the service was outstanding. Friendly, helpful and even went out of their way to offer my nephew a dippin dot when he got a " Good one " and only field that does a youth session. I will be referring anyone that has kids to this field keep up the good work.
5	From the outside it looks like a sketchy place but Inside it's clean and well organized.  Staff was super nice and extremely helpful! I dropped my ammo all over the floor during a break after the first round and this guy david replaced it all with extra (: a perfect girls night out. $13 per girl! A total steal. We spent the whole night there (: as a newbie it hurt quite a bit but you forget about the bruises within the hour and the "battle wounds" make for great stories later in the week (;Totally worth the drive and the cash. FANTASTIC!!!
4	First time visiting Tempe Paintball  and my girls had a blast. Considering I live in Avondale it was a lengthy drive, but well worth it. We drove out there for a charity event to support a friends football team. The owner was really nice and helpful. Couldn't ask for a better experience.
