2	How good can the review be...it's a franchise sub shop.  Non of them really make a "great" sub but then again I'm a little biased as I've had many "hoagie's" while visiting the east coast.  My only complaint about this place is the last time I checked they are not open in the evenings.  If you're going to build a location in what some people consider (wrongly) a less than desirable location then have the balls to keep it open with the SAME business hours as your other locations.  When you restrict your hours because you are to afraid of your neighborhood you alienate me and I take my business ELSEWHERE. Don't let racism dictate your business hours because it certainly doesn't dictate where I spend my money and so far you haven't received much of it since you aren't open in the evenings like the rest of your entire chain of restaurants.
3	This port of subs gets pretty busy around noon, even though they have 2 lines going for them.  It is a chain shop, its gonna be hard to get a super review from me.  They have a lunch card but don't go out of their way to give it to you and the 13th sandwich is free which makes it quite an effort to get an average of less than $.50 off each sandwich.  The card seems to work at different locations tho.As for staying open at night... I don't have any experience with that.  I suspect it has more to do with lack of business than being in a 'bad' neighborhood.  Its a business district close to the airport.  There aren't a huge amount of residence nearby that would give enough business to justify paying 2-3 people all night to keep it open.
4	I hit up Port of Subs today for lunch with a coworker and, I must say, I was very prepared to give this place a bad rap (no pun intended...oh wait...I haven't gotten to that part yet...hold that thought). I was expecting a low-end Subway (which I don't really enjoy in the first place), so imagine my delight when I found out that they have warm sandwiches in addition to subs, and in addition to warm sandwiches, they have wraps [insert pun joke here]! I ordered the BBQ Pulled Pork wrap, and was excited to find that one of the things that they do have in common with Subway is the "choose your own toppings" option. I'm pretty simple when it comes to my sandwiches, so this is an appealing feature for me. I ordered it with onions and pepperjack cheese, and after they'd tossed it on the grill I paid up and sat down to enjoy. And oh, did I enjoy! That wrap didn't stand a chance...after the first bite I was sold. I would have downed it much more quickly than I did if I hadn't been with a coworker that I didn't know super well...no use giving her the impression that I'm a total pig. I wouldn't say it was dirt cheap, but $9.36 for a wrap, a bag of chips and a soda isn't overly expensive, either, and it was WELL worth it. I highly recommend this place, a) because they give you options and b) because their food is yummy...or at least the pulled pork is! I see from Russell S.'s review that this place is, in fact, a chain, but since I am not a Phoenix native and therefore have been left to form an opinion of this place all on my own without any pre-disposed bias (no offense, Russell...it happens to the best of us), I'm inclined to give this place 2 thumbs up (read: 4 stars)...hopefully, I'll be back!
4	Place gets pretty busy during lunch time, but they make a very good sub. Only sub place I would recommend in the general area.
2	If I want a chain style sandwich I would opt for Cheba Hut.This place is just okay.  Not much better than Subway in my opinion.Nice that they slice the meat fresh.  I thought the sourdough bread was a bit hard and stale tasting.  The avocado was browning a bit.   No fresh brewed tea.I thought the sandwhich was a bit pricey even with no drink, chips, salad, cookie, ect.I don't intend to go back.
4	Good food, almost always fast, and close to work. I wish it was a little bit cheaper but I can say that about everywhere. #5 on wheat, no olives, add jalapeno. You're welcome.
4	#3 was very good, all freshly cut meat.
3	This is another one of those reviews where I wish I could leave half stars. Since I can't, I'm giving it a lower grade because I just don't think it's worth 4 stars. For lunch, this place definitely hits the spot and tastes good. I have 2 criticisms though. One, I do not understand paying the exact same for a sandwich because their options vary in meat selection and non-meat selections. A turkey and provolone should not cost the same as a meat stuffed with 4-5 different meats. Just sayin. And two, which is my biggest criticism, is they are ONLY OPEN UNTIL 5PM?!?!?! What kind of crap is that?!?! How much business is this place losing by closing so early? I came here for dinner once and was shooed away at the door at 4:59PM. Wow.All in all, this place is good and would recommend. Their meat and cheeses are sliced fresh every order and I do like the fact there are 2 separate counters for ordering. Prices are also reasonable, way better than Jersey Mike's. Location here isn't awesome, it's a little hidden off Broadway and 48th street. It's next to Papa John's so when you see that, turn into the complex with Staples.  It's minutes from work so I am somewhat of a regular here. Will keep coming back because it's yummy!
4	I love Port of Subs, and discovered this one near my new job that I started this week. I like it here for a few different reasons, and they have a lot going for them.  I noticed a few low reviews, but wanted to chime in and give my two cents as to how much I like it here.For starters, they have two lines, which really helps since it seems to be in a busy part of town. There's a lot of business's around and it's close to the airport so I'm sure they get a lot of foot traffic going in and out.  I like that they have two service lines, so there's literally no wait here for getting your food in a short amount of time.  The staff here has been really nice, and seem to get my order out quickly.The downside? For starters, the drink station was kinda dirty today, and even though there was a staff member there when I went to refill my drink, she didn't seem to try to clean up the watery mess from someone who must have made a mess between the time I got my first drink and the 15 minutes later when I went to go refill my cup. It appeared that someone splashed a bunch of water all over the counter or ice cubes had been spilled and melted and caused a bit off a pool of water.  It was somewhat disarming since I was in work clothes and didn't want to get stains on my shirt, and I had a book with me and really didn't want to get that wet either.  They seem to get a lot of repeat business here since it is in somewhat of a business district. I know they do a punch card system, and I didn't think about it until much later in the day and wish a staff member had said something. I guess they must not be big on enforcing it? Seems like other business's are jamming punch cards down my throat to get me back in the door, but not this port of subs.Overall a good experience and I'm sure I'll be back in the future.
5	Awesome store! I'm an avid Port of Subs fan and this is by far the best location I've been to. They always clean the slicer when I order a veggie sandwich, no other store has ever offered to do this. They have two lines so service is always quick even during the lunch hour. The staff is impressive, sandwiches are always accurate, neat, and made quick. A fantastic place to have a meal hands down!
2	This place is delicious!! The food was wonderful but the delivery driver was rude and unprofessional. I thought I placed a tip on the card but it didn't go through. The driver when leaving asked if he there was a tip for him. When I stated I left one on the card he replied no do I get one. Besides for this the food is delicious and I will eat another location.
