4	Yes, believe it or not. sometimes I like to do my own nails.( sorry Misti) And this little gem I discovered on a trip to china town a few years back. The prices here are rock bottom, and the help speaks English. The selection is amazing !,
5	Yay!  This supply store is awesome and after receiving a terrible dinner service at Tofu Hut, this store made my frown turned upside-down!I saw an aisle with so many selection of OPI nail polish and my eyes lit up like a christmas tree.  I bought almost every shade of pink and it didn't dent my wallet like ULTA have done.  Normally, Ulta would charge $8.75 for a bottle of OPI  nail polish, when it's only $4.25 here.  I also bought many nail care here for a very low price.Also, the people that work here are super friendly. Bye Bye Ulta, Hellooooo Hollywood Beauty Supply!
5	The prices here are rock bottom, and the help speaks English. The selection is amazing !!!! CHINA Town rocks. Forget Sally's Beauty Supply. Amazing area for Las Vegas.
5	Been wanting to go to this place because I heard on yelp that they sell OPI for cheap. I went to Big lots the other day and got so surprised to see this store at the same complex! Went inside and checked out their stuff, got overwhelmed with the OPI! They sell it for $4.75 and yes, they also have the new collection like the Shrek, Texas etc. I was looking for the OPI Shatter which they were out of, but the owner showed me a similar one that even goes in different colors. I love how they also have great customer service.. He showed me how the product works and painted on some fake nails to see the effect. 5 stars for that! Would definitely keep coming back for more nail stuff! Awesoooooome!
4	So I just recently went here middle of August and they have raised their prices for their OPI nail polish. They are 4.99 but I saw a deal that if you buy 10 you get 2 free which is a great deal considering that their retail prices range from 8.50-9.50. But hey I would rather pay $5 than the full price. I would say they have more variety of OPI than what they carry for Orly or China Glaze. My biggest concern was if they were real or fake. When I told someone "heyy there's this place in chinatown that sells OPI for cheap!" they would respond, "yea but is it real." I've researched how you can determine if an OPI bottle is fake or not. The real OPIs have the following:- two little silver balls in the bottle (I usually tilt it horizontal and see if 2 appear at the bottom)- towards the bottom of the bottle there are numbers that are in black and they should match the sticker at the bottom of the bottle.- open up the bottle and look to see if on the brush it has OPI written on it.there are more ways to determine if real or fake but those are the ones I usually check for and they passed all of them! This place even has the new collections that OPI comes out with but they must not keep many in stock because the color I was looking for from the most recent collection (Touring America) was sold out. I marked off one star because I was hoping they would have Essie, but noo they didn't. I did see that they have a whole bunch of gel polish.Definitely heading back here to feed my nail polish addiction.Oh the place is in the parking lot of Big Lots and directly across the street from the original hot and juicy location!
4	DIY manicurists, rejoice - OPI for $4.75. I was THRILLED!The setup of the store and the store itself is a little intimidating if you aren't used to the area (I'm definitely not). The help there (for my visit) did not speak English and the store is a little apocalypse-esque - not extremely well organized but organized, the floors are a little dirty, the lights were flickering florescents but for cheap OPI, yeah, I can handle it.I didn't see their hours listed anywhere, but I walked in at 6:00pm on a Sunday and they were still open - that was nice, as I've always had the experience with beauty supply stores that they close super early.I'll go back for more nail polish after I burn through these OPIs, and hopefully I will have more time (and nerve!) to explore the store further.
4	So thankful that my friend shared this little nail heaven with me. If you have a crazy addiction to nail polish and think you should be admitted into NA (Nail-polishes Anonymous) then this place will definitely not cure your problem. BUT it will cure the feeling of buyer's remorse and money problems! Are you ready for this? OPI'S ARE $4.75 CHINA GLAZE $2COLOR $2ORLY $2-4MADNESS!! And they have a HUGE color selection. They have a whole bunch of other nail products too if you want to get fancy with glitter or tools, but I spent most of my time in the rows and rows of nail polishes (YEEE). The smell is quite pungent when you walk in. It's like literally walking into 15 nail salons one right after another, but that goes away once you see the selection....sorta kinda. Goodbye Ulta & Sally's Beauty Supply.. you are no longer any use for me when I'm looking for another pretty color for my hands!
1	This was my go-to store for supplies, that is until I went there yesterday.  I walked in the store with my sisters And the man gives us the most nastiest look ever! He asked us if we needed help, and we said no.  We started to try and walk in the store to look for some things and he said the store was only for wholesale... He literally kicked us out of the store!  You can find nail supplies for even cheaper prices online at eBay don't waste your time with these rude people!!!
3	Is this place ever open?  I've been here a couple of times during their "open hours" and they're never open. There are like 4 different signs with hours and a handwritten "closed today" sign in the door & their neon "open" sign is always on.  I've tried calling their number several times & nobody ever answers. Actually, once a guy answered & he only said "closed today". At this point, I'm so angry, I don't ever want to go back & would rather just pay $9 for OPI at Ulta.Update:I finally found a day & time that they were open.  This place is like polish heaven even though it's cramped and dusty.  Prices are great $4-$5 OPIs & some other brands that you don't see elsewhere.  It was definitely worth the wait.
3	What I absolutely love about this place is that they sell OPI nail polishes for $4.50+tax, which is a heck of a savings compared to the normal retail price.  They usually have the new line of shades that come out as well.  So as far as product goes, this place would be getting 5 stars from me.The reason for the removal of 2 stars comes from their customer service.  Before walking into the store, there is a sign attached to the door warning that backpacks and large bags must be zipped up while in the store. Once I walked in, they were quick to ask me if I needed help finding something, and when I mentioned that I was just browsing for now, one of the employees made a comment that they should start charging people to "look around".  When I walked into one of the aisles, the employee followed me and watched me like a hawk.They probably have a lot of issues concerning theft.  I understand that they are trying to make a profit at the store as opposed to their product walking out of the store unpaid, but I don't appreciate the assumption that I would be stealing something. The constant surveillance made me feel pressured into either buying something or asking them a question pertaining to their products.  I was half tempted to just buy something so that they would stop bothering me.  But then I decided that I didn't want to spend money just to get them to stop staring and left.  When leaving the store, they gave me the death stare as I walked out.  When it comes to nail supply, I'd rather go across the street to Direct Beauty Supply.  They have always been helpful and do not pressure you into buying something.  I would only come back here for OPI products.
1	Dishonest, rude, greedy, and mean. Asked for shellac and was forced to buy opi gel. I said I don't like opi, and seller still pressuring me into getting the one I don't want. Told me price for CND was $15 but sold my friend (who came to buy same product a different day) $17. This has happened too many times. Glad there's a better store across the street so I don't have to go to this mafia den.
1	I wish I could give zero stars. I came here and the man rudely told me that They Don't Sell To The Public!!! I was pissed that I drove so far and I would be turned around at the door like that! Rude and outrageous!
4	Went here whilst on vacation in Vegas and OMG! This place is insanely cheap ( esp for Aussies).We pay $19.99 at most high end shops for 1 bottle of OPI! Although for the $5 odd a bottle i paid i still kick myself at not getting more than what i did though i had also stocked up at Sephora when they had their OPI for half price.So glad i did some research and found this place as it was well worth the trip there.Dragging my partner back there next year when we return to Vegas!
1	This is the wrost place ever ! The man in this place is so rude it's unbelievable. I can't see how this place is still open. Please do yourself a favor and don't shop here.
5	So I just moved to Vegas from Inglewood , CA and I do nails . I have a great nail supplier in  LA , he's a. ANGEL I LOVE HIM . Since Ai have a NEW home I Found this place and let me tell you I literally LOVE IT. Everyone who works there is so nice and helpful and there prices are BOMB !
1	No no no! Save your time and money and go right across the street to direct. Prices at Hollywood are too high for the cheap products they are. 98% of products are NOT in factory sealed or labeled containers, who knows what they are putting in there.
