5	Great instructors and very friendly staff. The rates are reasonable, and they even offer one free retake course if for some reason you don't pass the class the first time. The instructors are very attentive and the enrollment process was smooth. Highly recommend this place.
1	DO NOT SIGN UP FOR THIS SCHOOL, ESPECIALLY IF YOU ARE A VETERAN!!! YOU WILL LOSE A LARGE PORTION OF YOUR GI BILL!!!New Horizons Computer Learning Centers will try to sell you their courses. They will tell you about how they have campuses world-wide, and that they have over 30 years in the industry. They will try to convince you that their "Bootcamp" programs are the best out of any school, and they will promise that you can obtain ALL of your certifications within six months. They will dazzle you with fancy terms, and large numbers when referring to how many "successful" students they turn out. They will even go so far as to tell you how "Veteran-Friendly" and "Military-Friendly" they are.This is all a lie. I enrolled at NH in San Diego while still on active duty in May of 2013, transferred to the Las Vegas branch/campus in October '13. By January '14, I dis-enrolled due to NH Las Vegas' conduct.Unfortunately, I don't have the room to write about my entire experience with this "company", but I'll try to paraphrase as best I can:1) At every turn, every chance they had, they blatantly violated the rules of the Post 9/11 GI Bill (not providing exams after each individual course, not having certified instructors in the room (they attempt to skirt this by "blessing" their own IT guy as a "proctor" or "mentor", even though he seemed to know little of the material being taught on any particular day, and often was not in the room due to issues in the school's server room and other computer-related issues in other rooms; most courses conducted in Las Vegas are done via video conference with Sacramento, CA), labs not following curriculum of the course, instructors not being on-hand after/before class, etc.). Observed inability to provide any certification exams, despite numerous emails, phone calls, and face-to-face conversations with "military liaison" and "school president". 2) NH often would change lesson plan with short notice (one course was cancelled, with three days notice, apparently because the instructor in Sacramento (see #1) "wanted to take an early Christmas vacation"; no follow-on courses or replacement courses were given, even though strongly and urgently requested... this is what lead to my dis-enrollment).3) Poor accounting of courses and associated costs with VA Education department (probably due to numerous learning plan changes; was told by military liaison that cost of exams were included in cost of course, but after speaking with VA Education, discovered that they are not). After recently comparing other schools/learning institutions in the area, I have discovered that NH's cost per course is also highly inflated.4) Apparent difficulty in providing documents such as transcripts between campuses in San Diego and Las Vegas (may have lead to certification exams not being provided), and to me upon request for Veterans' Affairs Office.5) Daily classes continually started 1.5 to 3 hours late, due to issues with video feed (see #1). When instructor was present in classroom, he would sometimes show up late, and then deal with video feed to Sacramento.6) Week-long "Bootcamp" style courses (not geared for persons who are just getting into the field, or are not familiar with certain areas of the IT field-- several weeks or even months of instruction crammed into one week), no "hands-on" training, and labs did not accurately reflect or even relate to course curriculum (labs were to be done outside of class time). Computer software given in some courses were not allowed to be used (CEH course).7) Harassment by NH staff (in San Diego AND Las Vegas) after dis-enrollment; was "offered" to take CEH course "for free" again, and "receive a voucher for half off the cost of the CEH certification exam" by the LV NH president in June '14 in exchange for me to drop my claim with the VA and to re-enroll, despite the fact that the other required tests were still not offered, and other courses in my learning plan were yet to be scheduled (I refused her "offer").This "school" (more like "company", as their only interest is to make money) makes several bold claims, but delivers on none. They claim to be "military-friendly", but truth-be-told, most of their work with military personnel or Veterans comes from contracts with the military, not because individuals choose them on their own.If you are truly interested in getting computer certifications for yourself, ask around. If you are a Veteran, you can ask the VA what information they have on NH (I found out that they've done this sort of thing to a lot of us); if you are a civilian with no military affiliation, look at some of the other schools, such as The Learning Center, or Professional Institute of Technology and Administration ("PITA"), CSN, or other schools in the area. Anywhere (including a high school computing course) is better than New Horizons.
5	I cannot say enough great things about this CompanyI went through many of there programs and received my Microsoft Engineer Credentials and I even Have my Certified Ethical Hacker license over 15 Credentials and GrowingI was also able to get a  Microsoft Certified Trainer License :)These gave me the opportunity to work my way up to my dream job I currently hold paying over 6 figuresThe courses there give you the balance and start you need to use in the real world and there instructors are Highly knowledgeable about the subjects they teach.I just cannot say enough great things about this SchoolThank you  NH Vegas and Reno
