3	Jack-In-The-Box is the best fast food place. I made a trip from the raleigh area to charlotte  just for jack in the box and Ikea. Their food is always tasty and there is so much to choose from. They must have the biggest fast food menu ever. when i was in HS this is where we went when everyone wanted something different. they have all kinds of burgers from the 1.29 jumbo jack(1/4 pound burger with lettuce and tomato) to the sourdough jack(grilled sourdough with bacon, cheese, lettuce and tomato) and ultimate bacon cheese burger, chicken sandwiches(i like the spicy one), tacos(2 for 99 cents. really good stuff), tariyaki bowls with egg rolls, salads, and great sides like jalopeno poppers and bacon cheddar potato wedges. breakfast is mostly served all day and is great too. just try the ultimate breakfast sandwhich! I'm just excited because im from CA where we have tons of these but now have moved to nc where the closest one with 2.5 hours away. I wish they would build some up here in cary/raleigh because there are a lot of cali transplants that would mob this place. I think people(locals) are looking for something different than wendy's and mc donalds too.
2	The location itself is a little hard to get to (why is Charlotte so full of medians?).  The staff is generally pretty inattentive.  Often, I have to go in and stand around for a while before anyone offers to get my order.  Several times, I have asked for my order "for here" and received it "to go."  They also run out of sweet tea a lot.Pros:  At the end of the day, the food is tasty.  And for some reason, this location is cheaper than the 10525 Mallard Creek Rd one.  (The combo I usually get is 25 cents less here.)
5	I live in Greensboro NC and wish we had a Jack in the Box is this area. When I lived in IL I would frequent one several times a week for the chicken fajita pita and their fries dipped in their buttermilk. Over the weekend my significant other and I decided to plan a trip to IKEA. My first plan was to find the closest Jack in the Box and add it to the GPS. Coming from Greensboro this was a very easy location to find. I had not been to one in over 15 years so I was surprised to see it was as clean as the one I remember in IL. I mentioned to the clerk I had not been to one in a long time and wanted the chicken fajita pita which used to be a #9, now a #13. I ordered it without onions and with the fries and buttermilk. The clerk said seeing me so happy made her day. I think I was so thrilled to be eating one of my favorite meals again. When the order came it was just as I remembered it! It was not one bit greasy and very fresh! I ate every bite with such pleasure! I highly recommend this location for the friendly and helpful staff, the clean interior, and also the best Jack in the Box food I can remember! Knowing it is about an hour away I need to make a few more trips there. I would highly recommend this location.
3	Food was good at this location... Morning service was the worst ever... Don't stop here if your in a rush in the morning take my word for it.
2	My first Jack in the Box East Coast sighting!  I was thrilled to go and get my oh so favorite breakfast bowl.  That was until I arrived and the menu was completely different than what I had remembered from the California Jack in the Boxes.  If the food was more consistent with the west coast this place would be a 4 star easily.  It is very clean, the staff was very friendly and the food although not being what I wanted or remembered was somewhat tasty.
3	I still consider myself a new Jack In the Box customer, since I'd never been to one until I moved to Charlotte. One thing that I noticed right away is that here they have a little bit of everything on the menu, salads, sandwiches, burgers and wraps. But I've found that I really enjoy their breakfast menu. Especially since they serve it all day! On this visit, I went with the Supreme croissant which has ham, bacon, egg, and cheese. I really enjoyed the sandwich! The croissant was flaky and fresh and they did not skimp on the toppings. My only request would be that they served crispy bacon on the sandwich!!! But other than that the sandwich is great! Another thing that I like about this place is that the food here is always hot since they generally prepare it as you order it. I don't mind waiting for freshly prepared, hot food!Overall, this place has good food at reasonable prices...I look forward to trying more goodies off the menu!
5	As a Native Texan, I grew up with Jack in the Box.  When I moved to DC 15 years ago, I was dismayed to learn that Jack isn't in the East Coast.  That was...until I came to Charlotte for a conference.  You should have seen my eyes widened when I recognized Jack!In the midst of the conference, I told my friends, I'm going to Jack in the Box even if I have to walk there.  We all got in the car and drove happily to Jack and ordered ourselves some happiness!Oh, Jack!  You haven't changed a bit!  Thanks for staying true!
3	This place is on my way to the office so occasionally I stop through the drive through if I am feeling exceptionally hungry that morning.  The morning staff is super friendly.  There was one lady that was so amped up to see you in the morning (it was pretty infectious) so it's a good way to start your day.Granted it is "fast food" so I wouldn't eat here if you are counting your calories, but I am still amazed at the range and offerings of their menu.  Some may say it's "too much" but heck, if you can swing making all those different types of food in that short amount of time, I say more power to ya.  This Jack in a Box is off of a busy N Tryon location, but you can get to it from either direction (there's a break in the median).  It feels like is a little "off by itself" with only gas stations that neighbor it along with some tire shops and a paint store.
5	I haven't even tried my food yet, Mrs Preacher is so nice and sweet the food could be terrible (not likely) and I'd still go back just to order a shake and see her smile. Brightened my day.
2	I really tried to like this place. A couple months ago I tried Jack in a Box for the first time because they sent me a free birthday dessert. After that, we kept receiving emails from them on their specials and we decided to try some of their deals. We tried the late night munchies deal and that was a disaster. The burgers had no flavor and they were poorly put together, the tacos are as flat as a sheet and the shells taste stale. The only thing I liked from the box was the French fries. We thought that the poor quality of the food was just because it was a late night special so we gave jack in a box another chance. A couple days later we tried one of their barbecue signature burgers, it was also disappointing. It tasted like someone took a cold patty and dipped it in BBQ sauce before they served it in a bun. I try to stay away from jack in a box because I have not been pleased with the quality.
4	Being from Arizona and working in Southern California I grew up eating Jack in the Box.  Too bad Virginia doesn't have them!  Anyway, I already knew some cities in North Carolina have my favorite fast food restaurant!  So, I purposely planned my road trip route just to get my Jack in the Box fix!  Ordered a couple of Meat Lovers breakfast burrito's (with no egg, of course) and a good ol' Jumbo Jack with cheese.  Customer service was great and so was the food!  More details coming soon!
