4	From the outside it looks like another hole-in-the-wall neighborhood bar.  The place airs UFC fights and other sporting events on several big screen TVs situated at various locations around the bar.  It features the typical cheap drafts if you're not too picky about beer, but for special events (i.e. UFC fight) it features $2 Bareknuckle stouts (a big plus for anyone who is more picky about his or her beer.  The whole bar is a good size room with ample seating and a friendly bar staff.  Draft selection is not the best I've seen, but it is adequate.  Given the $2 Bareknuckle stouts, friendly staff and an overall positive atmosphere, I give it a solid four stars.
4	My Dad lives across the street from this place so when I come to visit from Oceanside, Ca. I go here since it is close. It isn't as well stocked as a normal sports bar but itis ok for just grabbing a beer and watching any game. The help is friendly the beer is good and I will always come back. I just wish they had more tv's, and I also Wish I could bring my son but no kids allowed. Just one drawback about Las Vegas, No Kids allowed anywhere. So I just go to Rookies in Oceanside, ca. at least there I can bring my son since there is no gambling there.
4	From the outside it looks like another strip mall bar but inside it's actually pretty big. They have a decent sized bar and a big enough seating area. They have karaoke on Saturdays that starts at 10 pm I think. They also have pool, pop-a-shot and a Tropicana Pizza outlet inside. Very friendly, unpretentious staff, I'm pretty ugly and I got served just as fast as the next guy, ha ha! And here's the best part (drumrolll puhleaze!!...duh da duh da duh da duh da duh da duh) They've got a Porn Crane!!!!! Think arcade stuffed toy crane but instead of teddy bears inside they've got porn! It's not the first one I've seen but these are definitely a rarity folks. And they're tricky, don't expect to leave with a boat load of goodies!  Good luck!
5	Good locals spot with good atmosphere.  The bartender was friendly and the service was good.  This would be a great place to catch a game, although I'm not sure of the team affiliations of the bar.  It has two big screen TVs in the center wall of the seating area, an array of 8 or so on the East wall, and a few behind the bar.  The bar is big, as is the seating area.  I think the UFC showing a couple years ago was a one shot deal.  They have a pool table, an arcade style basketball game and an air hockey table.  The draft beer selection has improved considerably since the last time I was there, and as I understand it a few of the waitresses participated in the Band of Buds competition.  They did well enough in the Las Vegas competition that they will compete in the national competion.Improvement in draft beer ($4 draft) and friendly staff, despite the lack of MMA showings, earns this place 5 stars.  Just by looking at the outside of this place, what you find inside isn't what you would expect.
4	Great spot to watch Chi Bears games on Sundays...
5	Great food. Great size portions we had the Philly cheese steak, Italian sandwich, n garlic knots everything was delicious some of the best sandwiches we've tried. Also had the MVP ale delicious. Bartender was coo great service. Definitely will go back next time I'm in Vegas. Went to Vegas for the weekend and we were trying to watch some of the  international friendlies playin.  After callin around several places finally talked to the bartender at MVP's he said they weren't playin any soccer but would if we went by. Upon arrival we were havin second thoughts not what we were expectin but we were already missin half the game so we decided to go in. The place was pretty big it was pretty early in the day so there were only a couple people at the bar. Spoke to the bartender  and he put the game on for us like he said he would so that was coo. Best part of all MVP had some great beer n food. Their MVP ale was great got a pitcher for $7. The cups were basically frozen-perfect. The food was even better. Had the Philly cheese steak with peppers onions n mushrooms by far best Philly cheese i had. My wife got an Italian sandwich also by far one of the best sandwiches. Other items tried by friends were the garlic knots these were delicious n was a huge serving. Have to say we were all glad we stayed no second thoughts after all.
5	When my boyfriend and I first moved from Summerlin to Spring Valley, we knew right away that we had a mission. The mission was to find the best bar, that was close to our home. After several hours of searching through spring valley, and walking in and out of some random crazy bars, we finally walked into MVP's. The doors opened, and all we could see were flat screens, slots, a full bar, couches, and a restaurant. We both looked at each and we know that this was our new spot. I try and come at least 1-2 times a week depending on my schedule- and I am never disappointed. They have the best bartenders! They remembered our names right away and what drinks we want. Every time we walk in they know to get a Corona and lime for me :) and a Bud Light Draft for the old man. I have also won several hundred dollars here multiple times. The best part has not even started- Did I mention their Philly or Chicken CHEESE STEAKS!! HOLD UP! You have know idea how long I have been searching for an amazing Philly out here in Vegas- and low and behold MVP has it hands down! It is amazing- and their prices are so inexpensive and you get so much food! The owner is crazy, the bartenders are crazy, the people are crazy! If you are looking for great food, a great time, and especially a great bar to watch all the games on head to MVPS Don't tell to many people- because I don't want you to take over my spot lol :)
4	I've been coming here for comedy nights on Wednesdays. Great set up in the room. The food prices are great, but the quality is excellent!! Bar tender Jim is the kind of guy who will remember your face and what you drink, be sure to take care of him. It's rare to find a classic Vegas server like this guy!
4	Jim and Tabitha are excellent bartenders!! The Wednesday comedy night is a great time and the food is pretty good and priced just right.
4	For a little local's place this place is great and the other reviewers didn't lie!  Bartender super friendly and prices CHEAP!  $7 domestic pitchers $10 import!
5	Best locals bar in Vegas!  16 beers on tap! Nearly 30 bottled beverages! Friendly, fantastic bartenders! This is the 'Cheers' of Las Vegas - staff and clientele are super friendly and appreciate their business.  There's food, drinks, and sports.  Juke box, Golden Tee, Pin Ball, Pool Tables, Beer Pong, and Pop-A-Shot Basketball/Football.  They are great with groups and have special events weekly, including Karaoke, Comedy, Poker, and Pool Leagues.  This is a dedicated sports bar that will accommodate any request, if possible.  Give this place a try!
5	This is an amazing place to be for a friendly environment of drinks, sports, and great food. Most of all the bartenders are amazing! Ask for a Lemon Drop from Scotty it's the best!
4	Where Time Inn once resided, a late-night Spring Valley hot spot has gone in. Beer memorabilia on table tops, low-set chairs that are soft enough to lulled to sleep in, and the soft and warm glow of wrought iron bar lamps lend the stripmall-y space a bit of camp as well as class. While people aren't here to sit still, a veritable sea of low top tables give early birds a place to unwind until the hi-tech touchscreen jukebox heats up.When midnight strikes, so do the masses of the vibrant, youthful crowds looking to catch up, unwind, or dance, while sipping on inexpensive cocktails. A couple of pool tables are there to entertain stick snipers, a few basketball games, vintage video games, beer pong, and dozens of hi-def flat screens, showing every type of sport imaginable (some unimaginable), round out some of the non gambling distractions. Speaking of gambling, I've seen those machines be looser than a thrift store turtleneck. The staff is outgoing, funny, and genuinely happy. The female bartenders are nice, and nice to look at as well! Too many of us have been to places that served forced smiles. This isn't the place for that. Great drinks at a cheap price, surrounded by happy people... you can't go wrong.
4	This is where the 2nd Buldogi's location is located in. While I was waiting for my angry kimchi fries, I waited at the bar. Drank a cold glass of PBR that was free with the Yelp check in. Even though it was 2 in the afternoon on a Thursday, this place was packed. A pretty cool vibe and the bartender was really good.
1	I really wish I could give this negative stars. 3 people behind the bar not 1 offered to take our order. A complete waste of a perfectly good lunch hour!
4	What's that? The hot dog stand in the back has VEGETARIAN gourmet hot dogs????  YES PLEASE!!!!  The menu doesn't say it, but it's true!!!  The cook happily made me a very tasty dog, laden with cheddar, grilled onions, slaw, and jalapenos.  Wow.Oh yeah, there's a bar here to review.  The space is large, karaoke was on with a dancing wedding party.  We played the basketball arcade game, drank very affordable (free drink with yelp check-in) and had a good ole time.The inevitable cigarette smoke was around, but the pool tables, silly games, yummy food and friendly staff made this place extremely re-visitable.
4	One word. . . Trivia! Tuesday night is trivia night at MVP's and it's so much fun. I'm a huge fan of trivia and MVP's does it right. There's a nice open space where the game is held and Alexis, the bartender, is adorable and always on point with drinks. The regulars that go are so much fun, Gemini, the trivia jockey, will offer you some playful, witty banter, and you can win bar tabs! Buldogis is no longer there ::sad face:: but they've been replaced with Johnny Vegas Grill that serves $1 tacos on Tuesdays! So, cheap eats, great company, fun trivia and possibly win some free drinks! How do you beat that?
5	Do you want to change your life??? Get the Johnny Vegas Fries!!!  This is a killer joint . A sports bar that is large inside with plenty of TVs yet has all the awesomeness of just a great place to hang out day or night. 3 KILLER quality pool tables. a few pinball machines and of course a golf game and a cool NFL passing machine. Lets not forget the big ol dance floor on live music nights. Did I mention JOHNNY VEGAS FRIES? :) We had a MVP burger, the phili sandwhich and wings too. ALL great eats!! If you want a local joint that is CLEAN and just a pleasure to hang out its the MVPs Sports Lounge. I will visit it every trip to Vegas from now on. I like taking clients at conventions to local flare and this is the place. Don,t miss this joint!! Thanks for the hospitality Scott.
1	This bar is depressing! The place is full of smoke from the bartenders smoking behind the bar to the old geezers ashing on the bar. They've got roaches all over cause the owner is TOO CHEAP to pay for service. He goes out and buys bug spray at the Smith's in the same plaza and sprays once every three months If you want to feel like your going to get mugged, stop in there after dark. The crowd is the gang bangers from the neighborhood. Can you say COCAINE? The place is filled with it. From the bar manager, bartenders to the hangouts. You need blow, just ask the staff and the in-house dealer will deal ya in the bathroom.
1	They are closed
2	Just wanted a place to watch the games. Customer service is not as attentive as I would like but not a bad place to grab a couple drinks and watch the games. Food isnt too great average bar food. Probably will not come here that often.
1	Closed.  It's a tiny little gambling room now.
4	Was great while it was the but CLOSED!
