4	This Wal-mart is pretty decent and clean. Its a cluster on the weekends, but the staff is friendly and most speak english. Didnt care much for the deli meat, it tasted old, other tha that its your typical, newer walmart.
3	The store it self is fine. I have a hard time with the shoppers. So many shop in herds. From great grandma; to a one day old baby; and the whole family in-between. No clue there are others shopping. You always have to ask them to move aside so you can pass. This never occurs to them to do so without request.Once you get past these folks, you usually find what you need. The clerks for the most part are smiling and friendly.
3	The Wal-Mart itself is fine. Nice, new(er) and way cleaner than the one in Avondale. Again, as stated by the other reviewer(s), the customer base (and to a lesser degree, the staff) leaves a lot to be desired. With all of the posturing and attitudes from the customers in line as well as the young woman "helping" customers at the self checkout lanes, I felt like I was back home in California. Not a good thing, since so far everywhere else I've been out here everyone is so polite.Maybe I'll try again during the week, and not at peak hours (it was a Saturday night at 9:00)...because I really want to like this Wal Mart.
3	The employees at this WalMart  look like they were here from 1980.I do not buy the fruit here either because I always see tons of flies swarming around it, and the last time I needed strawberries I was going to buy them here and they were covered in mold. When I asked to speak to someone about a dirty old man came out and kept calling me sweety. I told him if he said it one more time I would throw his nuts in the fryer. ( Just kiding !!) I was totally thinking it though.Walmart is what it is...and at least this particular store is cleaner than most.
4	Well i admit , this WalMart is WAYYYY cleaner and more organized then the others i have been too, especially the one by my house in East Phoenix. Only thing about the Walmarts is that i don't like their meat, all the Walmarts i been too and this one here, the meats are browning and don't look appetizing. So i just buy other stuff. But like i said i like this store cuz its clean.
5	Huge store, friendly staff
2	Whatever. It's Wal-mart. HOWEVER am I the only one who gets ELECTROCUTED every time I am in this store??? There is some weird problem I have (I'm so not kidding) with THIS store. EVERYTHING I touch shocks me. At first I thought maybe there was a short in their freezers or something, but it happens just walking through the store. (the cart zaps me every once in a while) What is up with that?? Lol
4	The best time to shop at this Wally (if not all of them?) 9:00 am on a Tuesday towards the middle of the month. The absolute WORST time? 6:30 pm on a Friday that happens to fall on the first of the month. So cash your check and come up!
1	The first question that comes to my mind upon considering this or any other Wal-Mart is: How much will they pay me to take the stuff they keep in that store?I'm the last to jump on any semi-socialist soapbox, railing against Wal-Mart for crimes against working-class humanity. Hell, I shop at Target and they aren't necessarily a mom and pop business. Most jobs in big-box stores don't pay a living wage, and when I go to a megastore as a consumer I don't expect the human touch. I am looking for an efficient experience in obtaining something I need (or really, probably only want) for a reasonable price.It's just that at Wal-Mart the combination of the herd mentality of their regular visitors, the lighting of the store, the demonstrably lower quality of the items they carry, the indifference of their employees, and the management's general willingness to treat their customers like shrinkage risks makes me wonder if maybe the Soviets won the cold war anyway. Or maybe it was the Red Chinese who won.So to me Wal-Mart has fallen from being a symbol of vigorous capitalism at its best (back in the early 90's) to a symbol of how individual dignity gets trampled when it comes up against the lowest-common-denominator needs of the collective. Da, Commrade. Five year industrial plan. Bucket of pickles, only $5.99. You buy now!I guess there's nothing I need that badly. Unless they are paying me to take it. Even then . . . .
4	If you have to go to a Wal Mart I say choose this one.Pros:You will not get into a hit and run in the parking lot.You will not be in a 45 minute line.There is not a cluster in every aisle the workers clean up well and the store is well organized.You will not be hassled into buying a rap CD or knock off perfume in the parking lotCons: Bad place for People of  Walmart photo's - everyone seems normal hereYou do get shocked a lot like previously mentioned.It's Wal Mart, crazy stuff is bound to happen
3	Sure this Walmart is cleaner than many I have seen but don't expect to get any help if you need any. The photo guy was oblivious to customers and an instant photo machine ended up take 30 minutes to get my pics. Not worth it.
3	Has almost everything I need at decent prices and it's convenient. I like that they price match any local ads. This is a big plus.
5	Clean,organized and Irma Weaver the Store Manager supports the community through in-kind donations and charitable giving. People bash Walmart alot but I can say firsthand this Walmart is asset to the residents of Goodyear
5	Yesterday (06/08/12) to return a exercise machine The first thing i did is stop by costumer service the lady was there this was happens around 8:30pm Lady ask to front manager his name is (Marcus) he call some guys for helping us to take out the machine out from my truck when we finally get there in costumer service the girl was attending me ask Marcus about how proses my return from Walmart inside for some reason wasn't appear in the system Marcus helping her and helping me the Girl was so helpful The real thing is i give to Marcus and the girl a plus A to both for been so helpful
3	Clean.  Plenty of lanes open (rarity!).  Was able to get in and out of this location in less than 10 minutes!  WINNING!
2	This store is down the street from my house so it's somewhat convenient but I can never find any workers! It drives me crazy. I never come here on the weekends or around holidays anymore it's too crazy!
2	I wanted to return an item that I found $21.00 cheaper on Walmart.com (with FREE shipping). I went to take my original purchase back or even ask if they would meet my price, and the two Customer Service Reps. at the front desk, told me absolutely  no. I was very upset that Walmart would not even meet my price. They told me Walmart.com is a separate entity from their company.  I didn't understand this, because Walmart.com delivers to their store.I called Walmart.com right when I was there and they said, it was up to the manager discretion. I was walking around the store and about to give up, when a clerk Shelbi B. (not allowed to give last name) had not felt right about turning me away. She found me in the store and told me her assistant manager "Rocky" would okay it. If it was not for this busy clerk taking the time to research this and take the extra step, I probably would have walked out of Walmart for good and would shop at Target. With the extra effort (which not many people want to do at Walmart), she saved me as a customer. She came across as free thinker and not like some of these "robots" at Walmart that have worked there forever and won't budge.Thank you Shelbi B.
4	Much cleaner and better than the Walmart over in Avondale, I've got to give this place a good review, despite my reluctance to frequent corporate giants.  My wife needed a cable modem, since the cable companies like to rent one to you for an outrageous price.  I am in Sierra Vista, so I decided to buy one online.  It just so happens that she was already there, so I had her ask the employees if they had the modem available.  The process for pick-up same day can take up to eight hours.  We got everything done in just under a half hour, and most of that was me dealing with all the screens.  Every single employee who passed by made sure she was taken care of.  They made sure to check their system for the order so they could get it to her as quickly as possible.  Kudos to this store for going above and beyond.
5	I find myself wondering around in here a few times a month in the middle of the night for hours and nobody ever even bothers me
1	Very poor costumer service,please do something about it or i will. its so horrible how you guys hace such poor people working there. You guys need to fire some workers and get to know them well before hiring tgem..
3	Some times I like walmart sometimes I dont.  Meat there is always expensive.  Very hard to pricematch meat. Lines are always long.  They never have enough of the sticks that seperate the customers orders. Then on the other hand I get what I need all at once.
4	I like this Super Walmart better than one in Avondale. It's bigger, cleaner and sanitize wipes are always at the entrance. And they carry my favorite Tazo tea and Girard's salad dressing.
5	My favorite WalMart. It is the cleanliest one I have ever been to. The other customers are not rude and inconsiderate like others places I have been to. The employees are nice, welcoming, and friendly. I have to drive 6 more miles to get to this location but it is worth it for me...I also like the fact that this location has so many other stores around; Baskin Robbins, Verizon Wireless, Robeks, Game Stop, Andy's Barber Shop, McDonalds, Panda Express, Yan's Chinese
