4	I have been going to Mecklenburg Medical for almost 20 years...of course, when I first started with them, there was no Ballantyne location.  When I moved to the Ballantyne area around 10 years ago, I was thrilled to learn that there was a MMG location so close to work and home.  This office is large and has plenty of support staff.  The doctors that I have seen at MMG have always provided a good level of care and I feel that I am in good hands here.
5	Great friendly staff. Always treated with professionalism. Seen almost all of the doctors here and they have all been great!
1	Great staff yeah I guess if you're Caucasian that might  be so . But as a black man I go  into this location with a 11:15 doctors appointment. I arrived there at 11:21 stand there for one minute with no line, as The sign tells you to do to wait for the next available receptionist. After I wait there for one minute she calls me I give her my information she tells me my  appointment has been canceled because I'm seven minutes late. As a black man or anybody who appreciate just common courtesy stay far away from this place, I just  made an appointment  @ bauerfamilymedicine down the road I'll keep you inform   12311 Copper WayCharlotte, NC  28277-3642United States
5	I went to MMG Ballantyne for ten years, and I  always received excellent quality care and courtesy from all of the staff.  My doctor there was always friendly, respectful, efficient, and very helpful.  This is a well run office and I never waited more than five or ten minutes in the waiting room, and never more then ten in the exam room.  If they were a bit late, they apologized.  I had several health issues while I was under their care, and my doctor referred me on to other excellent doctors in the orthopedic, gastroenterology, surgical and allergy fields.  I received very good care from the specialists I needed.  I always felt that I had plenty of access to my doctor through their patient portal system, and received timely answers to questions.  My doctor there was very interested in helping me  have a good understanding of any of my issues, with special attention to discussing treatment options.  I never felt that I was talked down to or patronized.  Frankly, I truly hated to give them up but a move four states away forced me to seek other care, but my doctor has still been available to me answer questions and even to continue my care and prescriptions until I get settled. I highly recommend this group.  I know one person wrote that his appointment was canceled because he was 7 minutes late, but they do advise you in their literature that if  you are late, your appointment might be rescheduled.  They strive to be very punctual, and a late patient throws the whole schedule off. This happened to my husband, but he was ten minutes late, and they were already on to the next patients. He understood and they just rescheduled him.  They were not uncaring or discourteous about it, but just professional.  I made it a point to always be early.
4	This is a review for Dr. Jewell--I do not have experience with any other doctor here. I went here for a bump on my cheek. I have seen another dermatologist in the past and this was my first visit to Dr. Jewell. She was very thorough and explained everything she did. While step 1 of her plan has not worked, I am headed back in a few weeks to try another option. She also took me off of some pills and put me on a strong topical for my face which I prefer.I will update this review pending the next step's success. Also, the wait to get an appointment is crazy--you'll likely be scheduling a month in advance.
