4	I ordered the corn beed sandwich with a side of poutine. For those who don't know what poutine is, it is fries with cheese curds with gravy on top. IT'S AMAZING!The sandwich was delicious. I know I said I would never have corn beef again but I couldn't understand the girl since she was speaking in French. I pointed at the picture and asked for poutine on the side. Awesome combo!Overall, I give it a corn beef high kick!
4	I have only ever tried the poutine here. It is decent enough and the portions are more than enough to share with someone.  They offer one of the only vegetarian poutines in the city so it is worthy a try if you are vegetarian. This palce is a chain and has many locations across the city and offers typical dinner foods.
3	A chain though La Belle Province may be, they're a good spot for a late night fix.  Portions are generous enough, though the price is a bit higher than some may like out of a restaurant where the big and greasy are king.
2	I won't eat anything else besides the spaghetti on the menu as it is vastly unhealthy and probably tastes like grime or at least feels that way in your gut after you've eaten it. I don't care what good things other reviewers have said about the food. Since I didn't want to walk around for a million years to look for food I decided to stop in here. As mentioned before, I ordered the spaghetti since everything else looks like it would give me a heart-attack in my sleep (not saying the spaghetti was whole-grain or organic). While the pasta is a bit overcooked but still edible, they DROWNED it in meat sauce...if only I had known..it was just this big red sopping plate in front of me. I ate it, but the sauce was watery in places which means that they didn't cook it properly or didn't drain enough water from the pasta when it was cooked.
1	Ick, Ick, Ick is all I really need to say. We stopped here for a quick fastfood dinner before a show down the street and boy was that a mistake. The food was terrible and worse the cook didn't even bother wearing gloves...He just flipped the burger on the bun with his dirty hands and then handed us our food.
2	Processed fries nowhere near Belle Pro standards.  I specifically walked to Belle Pro to get some good fresh cut fries but the generic processed fries served here are not up to any of the chain standards.
1	Oh my god; the Poutine was cold and just disgusting and the hotdog was not great either.  The cheese also was playing on its own within the dish. Do not go here - tastes very differently versus other la belle province franchises.
4	i like their pogo. the sanwich was not bad neither.
