4	Had everything I needed. I hate having to run around town-thanks staff at Autozone
3	I like that they are down the street from me but the employee wasn't so willing to put the battery in on his own and wanted me to help him. I also suggested the grease and he didn't even say to get it. I thought it was overall OK and I gave them three stars because they at least gave me what i needed.
1	This store used to be staffed with helpful people that had brains in their skulls. Not so much now. I watched one manager smash a keyboard down and break it when I asked him for help with a battery, they could not tell me the location of some components in my car (even though it was in the computer and they could have clicked on the link, they just didn't want to) and they act as if you should bow down to their feet that they exist. I found a part I needed for my Caravan at other local stores for $100 less than they carried for the IDENTICAL PART (brand and part#). They did not have the filter or oil for my newer model car and they are either busy smoking or in the back of the store instead of helping out customers who regularly line up 2-3 deep because they can't get help. I may live walking distance to this place but I will never shop there again. I'd rather drive to Pep Boys or O-Reilly since they haven't overcharged me and they are actually willing to help people when they ask questions.
5	I went there yesterday to see if my new gas cap was the right one because my almost brand new car's engine light was on. So he did his tests and yes that was why. So that was a relife, but the reason i give so many stars is because he was so friendly, very informative and answered all my questions. He even answered questions about my other car and gave me good advice. So thank you ERIC !!!
1	If I could give zero stars I would.I went in yesterday to get a battery... I am not sure how the guy up front even found the time to ring me up. He behaved like he had never been so put out.After paying nearly $200 for the battery he asked if I wanted someone to carry it out to the truck for me.I had already told him that I had to be jumped just to get there, but I nicely told him again and asked if someone could please help me change it out..  After a ridiculous audible sigh he stated that he would now have to ring me up to take the old battery.. A min later he says- Oh, I just remembered... I lent the tools to a customer working on his car outside... so you can either take it home or you can wait..I just took the battery and left, and managed to have it done at home..I will never visit that store again, I have never been treated so rudely...
