1	So me and the Mr are knee deep in guest room remodeling. So tonight we were going to have Bo Kho (Beef Stew, Vietnamese Style) but I fell asleep and didn't get it started in time to eat at a decent hour. So on our way back from (another) trip to Home Depot we decided just to grab a burger. Now mind you I haven't eaten fast food for years.. I remember Wendy's having a delicious juicy burger, piping hot and yummy! Well to my surprise when I found that they didn't have my 1/4 double stack any longer but some little piece of shit called a Burger Buster, or something.. Well it sure the hell was, they busted the burger right out of that shit.. it wasn't burger but perhaps some dirt and belly button lint held together with some sort of emulsifier. This thing wasn't juicy nor tasty.. just cheap and nasty!You know what? Someone should punch that little red head bitch in the face!
1	I was listening to the radio and I heard a commercial. It was for the Wendys baconator! I couldnt believe my ears, was this a comedy skit or was this a real ad?It was real unfortunatly. It has 6 pieces of bacon two beef patties and two pieces of cheese.http://www.wendys.com/... check out that bad boy. Thats soo sickIm inspired to go start a topic now
4	Same as every other wendys
5	Every time that I have been to this location.  I always leave happy.  Not only do I love their $ menu, but each time, the service is great.  They are always asking me how my day has been and more importantly, they are smiling.  I love that.
4	Food is great and staff is friendly with the only exception being Patty. Usually works in the morning and is CLEARLY not a morning person. Always up to go back because it is kind of funny to me now.
3	Alright...after the Greenway Wendy's unveiling, perhaps I 'm a little jilted. But, this Wendy's pales in comparison to its counterpart.The decor is dated. The drink machine offers only the standard beverages. The service is ho-hum.After attending the Yelp unveiling of the newly renovated Wendy's, I can only sit and wait for renovation money to make its way to this location...
1	I've had the worst experience at this Wendy's.  I could do a long rant but I'll make this short.1) My 5 year old was served a RAW cheeseburger.  They walked this cow right through the damn kitchen.2) Only one employee seemed to speak enough English for me to attempt to complain.3) The ONLY thing I was given in compensation was a free kiddie frosty.  The manager (wherever they were hiding) didn't even come out to apologize.The employees were too busy doing a chant for Obama than to worry about actually doing there jobs.  While I don't care who they wanted for president, it's a bit disturbing that this was okay with management.If my son gets sick, I promise you that compensation will not be just a frosty.  I've worked near here for over 10 years and it used to be good but it has really gone downhill over the years.
2	This parking lot sucks. Whoever thought of having the drive thru come through the actual parking spaces needs to go back to architecture school. My *chicken* sandwhich was extremely over cooked and wht can I never get something that looks like the advertised photo? My order always looks thrown together.
2	There's something wrong with this chain.  It's gone downhill fast over the past several years.  Even though they were supposedly redoing their products a couple of years ago, it's now slipped back down to blah...Stopped by here to grab a quick bite, 2 Double Stacks ($1.79 ea).http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wendys-scottsdale-7?select=ZO52DFxhoFAQReA2Cwwpjw#ZO52DFxhoFAQReA2CwwpjwThe food was bland and was poor quality.  When you compare the price of the Double Stack to a McDouble, it's more expensive too....so where's the value?  There is none.Clean place though and it was empty....3 people including myself.Return Factor - 5%
1	Must be the A-Team works after 10pm because this place was horrible.  I ordered 2 chicken sandwiches, and cheeseburger with fries at the drive-through and was immediately put off by this place.  I asked the guy if I could have a second to think about my order and he seemed to think that this was a major inconvenience to him when he stated "whatever" after I asked. Once I got home I opened the bag to eat my food.  I found that they had only given me one chicken sandwich(I realize I should've checked before I drove off, but I assumed they knew how to count).  Then I took out my cheeseburger and fries only to find out that they were pretty much frozen, awesome.  So, I will definitely not be coming here again.
3	I have to give these guys a high mark for trying hard to please customers!! They always send customers through the drive through in record time. Wendy's gives seniors a great deal, too. Now they are even redecorating and I can't wait to see the results. If only they would do something about the smell inside. It is awful. Please fix it, guys!!!
2	Seems like this location specializes in rude or non-caring workers.  I've been totally ignored at the window while the cashier just talked to his friend non-stop, basically throwing my change back at me.  I've had them rudely asked "Didn't you read the sign??" when their card machine was not working, but the sign had been poorly taped and fell off.The food at least is usually mostly fresh, though on occasion they like to serve up cold/old fries.I try to avoid this location.
1	I come here often but this time today.  My chicken was very grimy and tasted old and disgusting.  I actually drove back to the store and asked for another.  The person at the drive through gave me another one but once again grimy.  They usually taste good, but this time very bad.  I didn't even eat the second one.  It's tossed in the trash.Now I have no lunch.Yuck!
1	Do not go here... Make the drive to either Chapperal & Pima or Pima & Frank Lloyd Wright.  Nothing here takes good! Baked potatoes are way too burnt and mushy, plus burgers not fresh; so they are too chewy! Not enough business so everything is old and not edible!
