5	We heard about Skewers and we couldn't wait to go try this place and support this Persian restaurant..And man, we are glad we did. Food was great, service was awesome, and we got to meet the owners and they were super friendly. We are not in the neighborhood often but we certainly will be back,If you go to the movies at Scottsdale 101, you should definitely stop by. (They are East of Harkins, next to CafePino and the frozen-meat-pita-place)As you get in, it seems like a fast food place, but it is not. Let me tell you what I liked:* They have booths and tables.* They have silverware, napkins, lemon wedges, etc next to the fountain drinks machine, but they use real plates and real silverware.* You order and pay by the register but they bring the food to your table.* So, they are not exactly fast food, they are not full service, they are somewhere in the middle : )If you are familiar with Persian cuisine, you will know what to get, but if you are not, they have a big variety and options like chicken, rice, salad, that will be safe if you are not very adventurous. They also have items like hamburger and I think even hot dogs in their menu. I also saw they have sweet potato fries.We ended up getting a Sultani to share (which is a skewer of grilled beef and one skewer of koobideh -kind of a seasoned hamburger meat), plus rice, plus soup OR salad.Our daughter was not sure what to order so we suggested a side chicken skewer and she liked it very much.* Salad was like shirazi (cubed tomato, cubed cucumber, lettuce, onion, dressing), very tasty, super fresh, and the portion was big enough for me and our daughter to share. * All the skewers (chicken, beef, koobideh) were very tender and tasty. * Sultani came with roasted tomato (which I love to eat with lemon and salt).* For rice they have dill or white -white has a little saffron rice, as it should : ) Everything was very tasty and fresh, definitely high quality ingredients.Aaaaand, we had the privilege of tasting 2 items that were not on the menu, and they were delicious! (tadiq and doogh, I have never had tadiq with nan and it was really really good, and the doogh, oh my, it was the best ever with fresh mint... did I mention I am doing low carb? I had not cheated at all, but I had to taste that tadiq!)**updated to explain: tadiq is a crust that forms at the bottom of the pan when cooking rice. doogh is a salty drink made with unflavored yogurt.
4	New spot that takes the Western palate a little further into the realm of Persian cuisines.  Dishes that won't weigh you down, served by an attentive staff, with attractive lunch options.
3	This place looks great, but we showed up yesterday at 5:20 to locked doors and a man inside counting the till, when their posted closing hours are 6pm. Another couple showed up after as well, dismayed about it being closed. I am hoping to try this restaurant another time because it is something we desperately need in this city, but unless they are willing to follow their own posted hours, they might have a bit of trouble staying open.
5	Awesome food, authentically Persian, awesome service. Everything is extremely fresh. The owner came out after we gave compliments and gave us Turkish coffee and the best baklava I've ever had.
2	Ehhh at best. The chicken was good but the beef not so much. The salad tasted like dirt unfortunately And the rice was not good either. I recommend getting some condiments to help the overpriced under portion plates go down smoother.  Very Nice people and friendly service.  Not sure if ill be back.
4	Just had a great lunch at Skewers, and I'm happy I finally made it down. For around $11 I walked out of there feeling full and satisfied. During this trip I got to try their falafels, lentil soup, doner, and shish kebab, and I've added some pictures for you to see the deliciousness.The falafels were a bit dense, much like a cake donut, but were definitely tasty. The tahini and salsa concoction served with them soaked right in, and after munching on a couple of those, I got my lentil soup. It was light and refreshing, and also packed with good homemade flavors. Finally, after finishing that, I got to eat the doner, served with dill rice, and try some shish kebab. If you like juicy gyro meat, the doner here won't let you down. I wish they would have served the plate with a little extra tzatziki, but oh well, I can ask next time.I really enjoy getting kebabs or tenderloin from different Middle Eastern joints because they are all flavored differently. There's always some little twist to the spices that make each unique. Skewers flavors theirs with a mixture of sweet and savory. I want to say that they use a little sumac to flavor it. They also serve it with a lemon wedge to squeeze on the kebab to taste. It was delicious and tender.Alright, time to wrap this up. Skewers is going to be a welcomed addition to my lunch rotation. I'm a sucker for good Middle Eastern food, especially on the cheap, and I had nothing but a good experience here. The owner was warm and genuine, and he really cares about his food. I love seeing that pride, and I'm looking forward to returning.
5	WOW!!What an amazing hidden gem.I'm a foodie & always looking for good ethnic food. I must start off by saying that the Chicken wrap and the kabobs I ate were the best I've ever eaten outside India. The chicken was so very well marinated with perfect blend of spices and other ingredients, I wish Indian and other mediterranean restaurant chefs should come to this restaurant and eat; then go back to their kitchen and try to imitate the food from this restaurant.the staff is so friendly and always there to customize the food you are looking for.Ahh... what a pleasure experience at this restaurants. I'm craving for their food ever since I ate their food... I'll be a frequent eater there.
4	The food I had was really good! I had a wrap, she had a salad. We shared hummus.IF you don't mind paying a little more than usual for this kind of food, the food is really good. ($30 for two at lunch time) The Gyro meat was full of flavor! The hummus wasn't bland like other places and the pita was fresh. She said the salad was really good too and didn't taste like Dirt as the other comment said.They lost a star because I went there last Saturday (7-6-13) afternoon for the second time and even though the sign said they were open 8am-10pm that day, they were closed. I hope it wasn't for good!
4	Excellent casual Mediterranean restaurant.  Food is very reasonably priced if you are looking for Mediterranean.  The entrees come with rice, pita bread, a salad or soup.  I have tried both chicken and filet mignon and they were nicely done and not dry.  The rice was very tasty and the salad was appetizing.  You can eat in or take out and the portions are huge.  My boyfriend picked up the food both times so I cannot comment on the location and the cleanliness of the place.  My boyfriend also said that the chef/owner is a very nice guy.  I can tell you that I would definitely go back again!
5	SO good! We were going to go to The Persian Room but there was a 20 minute wait. We really felt like Mediterranean food and I remembered that this place was close to opening. We took a chance and luckily they were open! Very similar menu to Persian Room, but not as robust of course, with some smaller options like wraps. Very fairly priced, considering the quality of the food was close to Persian Room, but half the price! We will be coming back.
4	Came in to check the place out. Owner was chatting it up with a customer who he seemed to know or was familiar with. She was making all kinds of adjustments to her order that was taking forever. He was friendly about it but would have been nice to move her along some. On to the food...ordered the chicken kebab plate to go.  Came with chicken, lentil soup (or you can choose salad), dill rice, pita, half of grilled tomatoe and 2 sauces-tahini and a red sauce. Not usually a fan of chicken breast but this one was pretty good. Not too dry. I liked the red sauce. Never had it before with Persian food but it was flavorful. Dill rice was nice touch over regular white rice. Lentil soup was pretty yummy too. Overall ill be back. Except for the owner chatting it up a little too long with another customer, I'd say good experience so far. He's a friendly guy so can't fault him for that. Seems excited to open his place up. He says he makes his own falafel so lets see how that one tests out next.
5	Loved the food!  Fresh and flavorful.
5	Though I am a bigger epicurean  fan of the Turkish flatbread for my doner kebabs I LOVED the kebabs at Skewers.  The taste is very authentic and the service is super friendly.  They show their true pride and enjoyment in feeding others the tasty dishes.  I had the wrap and my husband had the dinner.  The dinner was very large in portion, as was the wrap, and well worth the price.  This is a new favorite place of ours!
4	Really nice for such a casual place.  Nice folks too.  Food was quite good.  Not Good Fellas fantastic but then again it isn't 20 miles away either.
5	Delicious food and great service. The owner is very proud about his food which you can tell by the delivery. I hesitate getting chicken skewers because they tend to be dry, but these were nice an juicy. Everything is made to order and fresh. Also loved the appetizer platter and the dill rice
4	Great proteins and really nice customer service. Not to mention the flavor of my Shish Kebab wrap is off the chain. My wife's Doner Kebab and my sons chicken tenders were cooked to perfection. Great eat and will definitely be returning.
5	Great Gyro Salad. The gyro meat is really tasty. Friendly staff. Food is done with love so it make take a little bit to get but it's well worth it. Try it. You'll be coming back.
4	This place has definitely gotten on the ball with regards to being open when they say they will - we finally returned and the food was great! The only issue is that they messed up our order twice - we were the only people in there, and there were 2 cooks and a cashier, so not an issue of being slammed. That being said, they corrected both problems immediately. I would definitely go back!
4	Ahh, a great find with this mom & pop restaurant inside a strip mall!I got the doner kebab plate to go, and really liked the dill rice that came with the entree. I practically lived off doner kebabs while studying abroad in Europe, so it's hard to live up to those expectations. The lentil soup was a little too salty, but went great with the rice as long as you're not eating it by itself. I say skip the regular fast food fare if you're here for a movie, and try out something different (probably preaching to the choir though, fellow yelpers).For $11, the portion was great as well, since it served as both dinner and lunch the next day. Save your receipt for 10% off on your next order!
3	Just average.  $14 for a chicken skewer plate and iced tea.  Nothing to write home about.
5	Amazing!!!!! Very diverse menu and fresh food! The atmosphere is very nice and lively. The place is clean and the owner is very friendly..... This is a Restaurant I will DEFINITELY be eating at again!!! I highly recommend people to come and eat here!
5	Very nice place to eat. I was in the area, so I decided to stop by. I was definitely impressed with the quality of the food. Price is what it is for this kind of food. You get what you pay for, high quality Persian food. I got the sultan plate with beef kubideh and tenderloin kabob. Both were outstanding. Will out it on my favorite list when I'm in the area! Keep it up...
5	Delicious and authentic.  Large portions, veg and gluten free friendly.  Friendly staff.  Definitely recommend.
4	The doner kebab salad is excellent. Staff friendly, very clean dining area. Didn't give five stars because it took a bit long to get our food. But you should definitely check this place out--the food is worth trying. I went once and then iRan back heheh
5	I had the combo appetizer and it was the BEST.  Loved everything on it, falafel was crunchy and delish, eggplant dip was totally homemade tasting, dolmeh yummy, hummus was also really good.  I also tried my daughter's lentil soup and it was great as well.  Price was reasonable and my portion was large, had to share it.  Would definitely come back the next time I'm visiting Arizona.  If you want to eat super healthy this is the place!!!
5	One of the best dona kebabs in town. I had the dona fries, they were loaded with meat, feta cheese and sauce. I don't think they are on the menu but the staff was overly friendly. They listened to my odd craving and built me just that. I'd definitely go back. They give a ton of food, I was starving and probably only finished about half of my portion.
5	I don't usually write reviews but this place has won me over. Excellent quality food. Free range chicken. The salad that comes with the combo is delish! I love this place! The owner is very friendly.
5	Very clean family owned business. Food is top, coming from someone who's knowledgable on Persian cuisine. Fav. Place to eat at whenever hungry: Sprinkle that sumac on yar meat!!
5	A few weeks back Hubby and I were taking care of something nearby and he went to Skewers Persian Grill to get us food to go.He got us a gyro wrap, a kebab koobideh (minced meat) wrap and dolmeh.I have a recent new appreciation for dolmeh and they were very good, gyro wrap was great as well. Lots of yogurt dressing.But, the koobideh, oh my, that koobideh was the best I ever had. It was delicious.
5	Great food.  Had the Shish Kebab Wrap it's beef tenderloin with seasonings and it's was just great. Took a little while to cook. But it was worth it. Prices are not cheap about 11 dollars for the tenderloin wrap and a drink but it was great tasting.
3	Went here after a movie once, excited to try something other than Pita Pit or Paradise Bakery for fast-ish food in the Scottsdale 101 area. I absolutely LOVE falafel, so I ordered the falafel wrap. I can be kind of picky with my falafel, but I was not a huge fan of the falafel here. It wasn't terrible, but I just did not like it much compared to other falafel I've had. The salad was good otherwise though.If I'm in the area I'd probably give this place another shot as it was clean and the service was good. I would be ordering something else though!
4	Have been here twice now. This is a small place, but very nice. The people are very friendly. They really want you to have a good experience and enjoy the food. The first time we got the food to go because we were heading to the movies and didn't have enough time to eat in. We snuck the food into the theatre. Once the light went down we took the food out. Because the theatre was dark we really couldn't see the food. So we had to completely judge it by taste. We both took a bite and looked at each other saying with our expressions YUMMO!!! The second time we made sure we had time to sit and eat before the movie. Once again everything was great, everyone was friendly, and you get plenty of food. We'll be back.
5	My girlfriends and I live in the West and East Valley.  We meet half way at Scottsdale Road and Mayo Blvd. for lunch.  Two of the restaurants that we previously visited closed down and we had to find a new restaurant for our luncheon.Based on the Yelp reviews we decided to give Skewers Persian Grill a chance. We were not disappointed.  The moment we walked in we were greeted warmly. The guys were very helpful and very entertaining giving us old girls a giggle or two.  Oh, and the food was delicious.  We all had the Doner platter served with a lovely salad,  The portion was very big and all three of us took half home for our husbands.  No cooking tonight!   Very clean no frills restaurant. This will definitely be our meeting place from now on.  Thanks guys, "you made my day"! We will be back!
5	I love this places , I just found out that the owners father just past away in LA , and they will be closed for the next few days , I can't wait till the owner comes back so I can give him our condolences ....
2	This place stinks!  If you have ever had real Persian, this is not it. It is Mediterranean fast food with high prices and slow service for what it is. Definitely a disappointment.
4	Skewers has your typical Mediterranean style food, nothing over the top extravagant. I like their falafel pita and hummus platter. I would like to see them have less expensive menu options that maybe included a side. Customer service was good, no complaints.
