5	Great food
1	Horrible place, illusions of good food stored in a display case.Once you choose they pop it into a microwaveVery bad go anywhere else than there
1	Worst "thai" food EVER!!!!! Too oily, tastless, didnt taste thai at all ! Rice was mushy and overcooked ... Even the fried banana was gross .. Like it was cooked in old oil that expired in 1976 ! Imagine the imperial rolls!! Ewww!  Im sure that even our garbage can will find it disgusting .. Avoid!
3	Friendly owners. They have really good food, but keep in mind that you'll be paying for microwaved food. The food (aka not rice dishes) on the left is made instantly, however those on the right are the ones that they lay out in front of you. Like canteen style.We watched the Eurocup final there, which was nice, because there was barely anybody there. Plus, we were there at 4 pm for lunch, so probably that's why. But if you're looking for some friendly smiles and fast Thai food, you're in the right place.
1	Normally I wouldn't care to post a review for this place but I would like to warn you ...Don't go here .... This is the thing ... I believes it was a " Thai restaurant " or at least so kind of  real Thai joint ... I came in and the look of the good was good .... They show the dishes prepared on a glass counter .. Then you get to choose how many options you want ... So you make your picks .... And then ... The worst ... THEY MICROWAVE IT .... Wtf ??? It's all cold ... Being there since good knows when .... And you know how does microwaved  food tastes ... So basically you are paying 13 cad for a dish  of microwaved "Thai " food ...do yourself a favor, buy frozen food and go home , you won't see nothing exceptional here Oh and btw .. First time they microwaved it .. It was only hot on the top .. So imagine general tao Chiken cold ... I asked to put it again on the microwave ...Oh my god !!! I left 3 minutes ago after realizing that bond of The 3 dishes was even eatable .... PLEASE DONT EAT HERE UNLESS YOU FEEL LIKE  WASTING 13 cad / PERSON AND IMMEDIATELY GOING SOMEWHERE ELSE TO HAVE LUNCH OR DINNER
