1	Don't state your price then charge 30 cents more per gallon unless you get a car wash. Then to add injury to insult you charge 10 cents more if you don't pay with cash or a 76 card. I notice most of the 76 stations in the area do this. This is an unethical marketing tactic. I'm boycotting 76 stations and telling my friends too also.
5	This place use to be a Flamingo stop and closed and now it's a 76.Me and a friend was heading to RC WIELYS and I needed gas so I seen the gas sign said 3.39 and so I stopped and got out and inserted my card and brought a car wash. The carwash is either a hand or auto. You choose. I prefer hand but it was already closed so I got the auto. They put in a new auto bay and it did really good. Ill return. (The price listed for gas is only if you buy a carwash.)
4	This station is right on my way to work.  I stopped because gas was only $3.09 !!! So i checked in and bam got me a free car wash just for checking in ($4.99 value) but was a great wash and believe me my car needed it....BAD !!! I was pretty excited about this offer.The only reason for 4 stars is cause the guy looked at me like a was a crazy liar when i went in with my phone to redeem my offer.But i will for sure go back !!!
5	A friend told me about this deal. The gas was $3.29, $3.09 w/free car wash. I had the offer on my phone showed it to the lady, she didn't know about the offer, at that time a male worker said he recently posted the offer on Yelp. But all was well, I got a free "drive thru" car wash. It did a great job, considering.
1	I like that this was the only car wash open at 11pm, but what a stupid design. Your car's left tire needs to fit perfectly into a conveyor belt that pushes your vehicle through. If you miss that opening, you're screwed. Cant back up. Its hard to describe this, but once you actually try to drive your car through, you'll understand.
1	This was by far was the worst car wash ever. I went today 6/28 around 9pm . & had such a difficult time getting into the car wash .. To the point my car literally got stuck . & when i tried to back up ... I had to reverse & force it out .. After a very difficult time , I got out the car & I noticed my car had a dent on the side of it . I was devastated , being that I have a new car . I go inside to find a manager & their was just a cashier there . A older , heavy woman .. Who was beyond rude . She was talking to my boyfriend & I like we were dumb & basically letting us know that it wasn't there fault . She was so rude to me , wasn't trying to calm me down cause I had been crying like crazy cause I saw the dent . & she was so careless . I will be coming back to talk to her manager . It was the worst customer service I have ever received in my entire life . Literally . Didn't realize they didn't care about there customers & weren't caring that they had damaged my car because of hard it was to even get in the car wash . Very rude & I will be making sure something like this won't happen to someone else ... Hope this car wash fixes the problem & hires better employees . DO NOT go here !
1	Total rip off...I went in to put gas in my gas when outside it showed 4.13/gl. After I paid inside I went to fuel my car and I saw that the price now is 4.23/gl. 4.23??? Total rip off. I went back inside to ask what is going on and the cashier told me it because I paid with debit card. I understand there might be fees once in a while for paying with a card but it wasn't stated no where visible and .10 cent for each galon is too much.
1	Worst experience ever. Gas pump Handle was not working properly. Went there for the carwash with the yelp coupon and was told the car wash is down. Wouldn't have come at all if not for the carwash! Terrible attitude too. Why not have sign saying carwash is down. So everyone Don't ever go to this one!!!
5	Came here for my free express wash via yelp. The wash is small. I did get gas which was 3.45 but if I brought a car wash it would had been 3.29 but I didn't because I already had a free wash coming. At the end of the wash they hand dry your car which is a plus. I ended up giving the guy $5 thanks for dry my dodge truck. The car wash was small for my big Ram 1500 truck. My tires almost didn't fit but luckily they did. Overall a good value if free but next time I'll get a hand wash from them.
3	Gas here is a little pricier than other places but seriously you can get a free car wash here just for checking in on yelp, no purchase necessary! They have more services available, but I just needed to get the bird poop off my car. Shout out to Ollan for telling me about this place (more than once!)
