1	My older dog grew up as a Banfield dog in Tucson so when I got Elwood I wanted him to be a Banfield dog too. I took him in for his first visit. We guessed within about a month of his age. Right around 6 months. The vet comes in, looks over Elwood and tells us "we have been duped" and that Elwood is over a year old. Okay, we had the dog for about 4 months prior to the visit and he literally doubled in size during that time and his little testes dropped too. Also we did not pay for Elwood, even though he is a purebred so there would be absolutely no reason for this person to "dupe" us. This dog outgrew all of his clothes that we had bought for him initially. Okay, we stopped the examination, if she couldn't tell how old the dog was within reason then there was no way in hell she was capable of doing anything else with the dog. We went back to the people we got Elwood from and got the vet records from when his little tail was docked and their initial visit. He was 7 months old. The vet there is clearly inept and there is no way I would let her do ANYTHING with my dog. Telling us our 7 months old pup was "well over a year old."
1	Two awful experiences.  Both times I arrived 15 minutes before my scheduled appointment.  I was not taken in to be seen until 30 minutes after my appointment time.  After I was taken in the room, I waited an additional 20 minutes before the nurse came in, a brief history was taken down, and then she left.  I waited another 20 minutes for the actual veterinarian to come in.  The whole time I sat there, I watched through the door window to the back room as the doctor and assistants chatted and giggled (no paperwork in hand, no talk of medicine or animals).  This was extremely frustrating.  The vet came in and apologized claiming there was an emergency that came in (obvious lie, as they were simply chatting and giggling the whole while).  Not only was the wait frustrating, but twice I asked them to run tests on my dog for his reverse sneeze, and twice they claimed "must be allergies, heres an antihistamine", and sent me on my way with a "we'd like you to come back in two weeks".  Kiss my butt, I will not be returning to your poorly run, sad excuse of veterinary services.
1	Need more front office staff! Horrible customer service both on the phone and in person.  Both my appointments were 30-60mins late. One of my appointments they told me they were running about 1 hour behind. One person waiting told me that he was waiting 1 hour for just to get heartworm medicine. Everyone waiting seems really annoyed and you can tell they have been waiting a long time or they have not even been helped at all.  My 2nd appointment I refused to wait 1 hour past MY appointment time. I told the front office lady that I was not able to wait. She was very smug with me and told me there was nothing she could do. So I walked out. My first appointment my dog need to get some stitches out so whisked her away leaving me in the waiting area and in 2 mins brought her back and said they took them out saying everything looks good. There was no talking to the veterinarian. Is the veterinarian even looking at my dog??? I dont care how small my dogs cut is Im paying you $300 for all my visits and for a VET! Especially running a hour behind yup dont think she looked at him. I was really annoyed. The staff seems like they over book patients (obviously) and I see all the parents in the waiting area. Doesnt seem to be any use of the exam rooms or interaction much with the veterinarian from what I see. I am disappointed  because this vet is close to the home but I much rather drive twice as far to have a on time appointment with a nicer more personable staff. I DO NOT recommend Banfield Hospital especially the one in Surprise. I will def be finding a nice neighborhood vet!
4	Our Yorkachee, has been on the wellness program for her first year. It has been a great program! First year of shots, was taken care of. She was fixed here, they were very good to her, and to us! They have called us to let us know if something is coming up or due! Can not complain here, done exactly what I have expected!
1	As previously noted, wait time is unacceptable, no reason to wait for an hour past app't time except for being inept. I agree with a previous writer, I could see staff through the glass on the door & agree they were standing around (no papers in hand) laughing & chatting.....while I waited.Also, to agree with another writer, it seems as tho' they "pad" the estimate with services that are exorbitant in cost.I do not recommend Banfield but if you DO go there review the estimate with a fine tooth comb, most of the service is probably not necessary.
1	Update: This Lisa person just keeps making the situation worse. It's actually laughable at this point.I'm just going to copy and paste the letter I just wrote them-wish yelp had an option for negative stars:Hello,I have been paying you all for the highest tier plan for my dog. Dr Temple in the Surprise, AZ Banfield hospital diagnosed my dog with Cushing's disease on Monday. She promised me that she would do some research and call me back the next day with a treatment plan. It is now Sunday night and I have called MULTIPLE times and left MULTIPLE messages and she will NOT call me back. I will not waste my time describing the other instances of issues I've had with Banfield since we've signed up with your program. There have been SERIOUS issues there. One of your vets actually acts as if she smokes and is high while in the exam room.Of COURSE you all want people to sign a binding agreement forcing us to pay you hundreds of dollars for treatment. Because that's the only way you'd make money. If you ACTUALLY had to get paid based on your competence, you would have closed years ago.I am letting you know that effective today, I WILL NO LONGER pay you another cent of my money for you to let my dog sit here and die from a disease he will have to live with while you refuse to give me a treatment plan. I wouldn't trust a single thing that came from you at this point anyway.Your doctors are incompetent and your business plan is sneaky and misleading. Effective immediately, I am blocking all future payments for this "wellness plan" (more like "let us charge you thousands of dollars so we can tell you your dog is sick and let him die" plan).My husband is driving to Banfield right now to get my dog's records so we can bring him somewhere that will actually try to help us. You are being reported to the BBB and I'm submitting reviews on yelp, google and every other place humanly possible.
