1	Can't believe this place has not been reviewed.   But then, does anyone even eat here anymore?You will be safe if you just order a salad.  But do not order a pizza of any kind, do not get the pizza buffet, do not order any cheese sticks or garlic bread.We stopped by here a while back knowing they had gone downhill but figured that maybe a different place might do better than others.  Nope.The pizzas are no longer the wonderful treat they used to be.   Pizza Hut was once one of our favorite pizza places.The crust and ingredients are cheap copies of what once was.   The bread is puffy nothingness.   What a shame.One year later....We no longer eat at Pizza Hut but they were brought in as a lunch item where I work 12/187/2012.  There was a thin layer of cheese over some sort of "wonderbread-like" crust that puffed up.  A scattering of flavorless meat and pepperoni. What a bunch of crap.  Nothing like the good ol' days when Pizza Hut was the place to go.   All it would take is for a new pizza establishment to come in and drive these shells of "what once was great" out of business.
5	This is for the buffet.It amazes me that this place doesn't have higher marks.  I work near by and visit here once in a while w/ some co-workers.  Every time it's been good.You're always greeted by a cute girl who seats you.  Makes you wish that the Hut wasn't all you were hittin'.  Tables are always clean, even with a packed house.  Buffet rules apply here as well.   "No matter how fat you are, there is always someone fatter at the the pizza hut lunch buffet."If you like salad, you'll love it here.  The veggies aren't the best of quality, or the freshest, but much better than a dumpster at the local jail house.  Plenty of choices of produce and fixin's make you feel like a king among men.The pizza buffet is always well stocked and the pies keep flowin' in.  Remember, I go at noon, the place is packed.  Not usually an empty chair in the house.  It's hard to feed that many hungry folks so efficiently.  The za tastes decent.  It's not going to win any awards, but you're in a Pizza Hut and the bill is $9.47.  Do you really think you're going to have flowers and glitter in your eyes as you chomp on that piece of Badger Special?The staff is attentive.  Soda and water glasses are never empty and the food is adequate.  No wonder the place is always busier than a fire extinguisher at a Great White concert.  Keep up the good work!!!!
3	My kids love the buffet, mostly for the desserts, but do like the pizza too.  I don't like the pizza much but between that and the salad it will satisfy me.  It is a really good deal for kids and fair for adults.  It is nice that they will do some special pizzas for you and bring by your table before putting out on the buffet.
4	Pizza Hut was the best location for lunch at high school.  It was virtually a cheap pizza party each week.  We would  always compete to see the person capable of downing 12 slices, pasta, bread sticks and as much Mountain Dew as possible in a very limited amount of time.  Sure the pizza wasn't great, but it was the only joint offering a buffet of pizza... so it was more than good enough.Since high school, I have frequented Pizza Hut less and less.  Maybe it started with obnoxious menu item, "P'Zone".  I think it had more to do with valuing my calorie intake with higher quality and better tasting heart attack inducing sustenance.  Yesterday, I jogged my way back to 1993... those wonderful school days of scarfing down food in a pizza trough.  Pizza Hut!!Gone are the days I could be carefree enough to gorge on 12+ slices of pie.  When you're in your late 30's, moderation is regrettably key.  The restaurant is full sized (like the junk in my trunk following the feast). It was clean and well-maintained. I was seated immediately.  The pleasant server came within a minute and smiled while she paved the way to rekindling my glutinous memories of the pizza days of yore. The restaurant was very busy and the pizza was well-stocked with so many varieties.  Off the top of my head there was a thin crust cheese and pan versions of; barbecue, supreme, sausage and 'shroom and many more.  There was also some cheesy alfredo pasta dish, cheese bread and cinnamon and cherry dessert streusel pizza.  The flavor of the conveyor belt pizza was pretty much the same as it ever was.  This location was better than most because the pies were hot, not rushed through the pizza assembly line (in other locations, I have been issues with goopy under-cooked dough). The buffet was unbelievably cheap - $7 or so.  I believe in 1993 it was $5.49 or $5.99, so the price point is very friendly to their customers.  As far as my ability to eat vs. my former self... it was no contest.  Yesterday, I ended up that I was only comfortable snagging water, six slices, a scoop of pasta and no cheesy bread or dessert.  Of course the 17/18 year-old-me would have openly mocked and ridiculed me for being a wuss.
4	I don't know about pizza but salad is not bad.
1	I would rate this ZERO, BUT DO NOT HAVE THAT CHOICE!  I had family here for an impromptu dinner and thought I would order pizza and wings for a quick, easy dinner...well it was a disaster.  I chose to order from Pizza Hut.  Well, first of all, they told me 30 minutes.  I called an hour later and they said "he's on his way...just minutes".  The delivery person arrived, I gave him a $3 tip on a $20 order...waaaaay too much.  I opened the pizza box to find a burned, dried out pizza that was absolutely HORRIBLE!   It was burned, cold, and dried out.  I was so embarrassed that I ordered this for family from Madison that is used to GOOD pizza.   I called to tell them about my disappointment  about the horrible product they delivered. I called back after it was delivered to tell them about my disappointment and was asked to "please hold".  I did not hold and after I expressed my disappointment/concern about the horrible product and service, the person hung up!  That's what I call GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE.  This is why eateries do NOT survive in mt. Horeb...they do not care about quality or customer service.  Good  Pubs/eateries in Mt. Horeb don't make it here...go else where - New Glarus, Verona, Madison, Spring Green...somewhere they SERVE THE PEOPLE that keep them in business. Obviously the food business in Mt. Hireb doesn't care if they stay in business...they will declare bankruptcy...the easy way out.  PIZZA HUT GO OUT OF BUSINESS...YOU SUCK.  Will NEVER ORDER FROM THERE AGAIN.  CANNOT BELIEVE HOW BAD IT WAS.  THE FOOD IS HORRIBLE!!!!  I cannot stress this enough.
3	The good news - it's Pizza Hut.  Pretty reliable and decent.The bad news - it's Pizza Hut.  There's better to be had.We stopped by for a family dinner and ate in.  We got a couple pizzas and some breadsticks.  The waitress asked if we wanted garlic butter for dipping our stix -sounded good, so I ordered that too.  Well, we didn't get that right away.  And the waitress just vanished at one point.  We stopped getting refills and other services.  One other waitress started covering, but overall, we were underserved.  The garlic butter was more like alfredo (NOT complaining!) - I would have enjoyed that with the sticks back when we ate them.The place is big and usually clean.  Other times, I've had the salad bar and AYCE dinner buffet and it's good.  My kids love the pizza, and we can rely on it.  But, it's pretty standard and nothing to get excited about.  If you're looking for a safe play, this is it.
5	If you are hungry but feel like staying in, Pizza Hut delivery is the best!They regularly have new online delivery deals which makes it worth it even more! A pizza and a soda bottle and you're all set. I, for one, cannot have enough pizza and Pizza Hut does it the best. Just write in your address, choose one of the online deals, create your pizza and choose a payment method. They call you once to confirm the order, and within half an hour, Voila! your order is at the door!Delicious pizza, great deals, cordial staff and great service: what more do you want? I give 5 stars!
