5	I am completely in love with this place! They not only make the best tacos and burritos but el chino beans are to die for! I now have a true food addiction to this place and go a few times a week. They also offer turkey and chicken options if you don't eat red meat, which is a plus!! You leave craving more and without the feeling your pores are oozing grease. This is quality food and cooked/seasoned to perfection. I look forward to each visit and their staff is always so welcoming and accommodating. This place is a MUST stop and so reasonably priced as well
5	The food here is fantastic. Great food great prices great tacos Mexican-style. Although the parking can be tricky, try to find a spot and make your way to this great Mexican restaurant. The quesadillas are bomb, the tacos are freaking awesome. And you can't beat 1 liter cokes sprite.
5	This business is a co workers friend.. great guy with great food and prices ! Try everything the beans are to die for , and chicken is moist .. Support small business and try this out !!
5	Well as i search for great tasting tacos, I found a great place in downtown Phoenix that is Awesome!!! El Chino makes excelent tacos n not to mention burritos, quesadillas and tortas....tasty meat especially the asada!! Great service, great people.....will be going back to taste everything in there menu lol when I get a chance......by the way the Refrito beans are the BOMB!!! GREAT JOB N FOOD CHINO!!!
3	3.5 StarsTaqueria El Chino(TEC) has a 5 star rating with just four reviews.  For me it is tough to take fellow Yelper's reviews who's review count are not in double digits and dolling out 5 stars seriously.  A Yelp friend Adrixx C. recommend this place on YT so I gave it a chance and I'm glad I did.  This place is not perfect by no means.  TEC appears to be a new start-up.  If not, they are not a well oiled machine with many opportunities to improve.  TEC has a fighting chance to become a legit goto spot, but not yet.  As we walk in we are greeted by a plume of smoke, no not what you're thinking.  They smoke some of their meats but they were not using their exhaust hood above the grills nor had any doors open.  As I'm writing this review six plus hours later our clothing, car and accessories still have a strong smoke scent.  They open both the front and rear doors as we were looking at the menu.  You walk up to the counter, place your order and wait for your number to be called with your beverage in hand.  You pay after you are done which allows you to add additional items if you choose, thumbs up!  I was really impressed with TEC's menu which is easy to navigate.  It consist of two columns of vertically listed meats.  Each available meat then lists horizontally it's price for taco(corn/flour tortilla), burrito, torta or quesadilla.My family and I only got the following tacos. Carne de Rez con Chile Verde(cubed beef in a green chili sauce), the meat was well seasoned but a bit on the tough side.  Taco de Rib Eye(carne asada), meat was very tender but only luke warm and to much fat on it for my liking.  Barbacoa de Rez(beef seasoned barbacoa style), this was the rock star of my order!  The barbacoa was executed perfectly, very flavorful and tender!  When we ordered our drinks we were told that they only had enough horchata for one order and were out of their other aquas frescas.  There were also down to one bottled orange Fanta Mexican soda(sugar cane soda taste so much better) with no Coke left, another example of inexperience.  I have a finicky eater in my group so TEC gives you your taco plain and allows you to dress it with what you want off their salsa bar.  I hope TEC much luck and sincerely hope they hammer out the little things that may scare some return business away.  I will be back for some Barbacoa de Rez tacos and try more off the menu!  My mouth is salavating as I write this.
5	Cheap Delicious Excellent Customer Service Fresh Did I mention Delicious?I go to el Chino about twice a week. I acknowledge this with no shame. Since they have opened the service is much more streamlined and fast. The ingredients are fresh and with variety for those that really like to pile their tacos with a multitude of toppings.Tacos are street-style size. Burritos are large in size. You will leave satisfied without feeling miserable. Suggestion: Get the Turkey taco. . . it will not disappoint. Make sure to put cheese on it.
5	I work at the Arizona State Capitol and we are wanting for good non-cafeteria food. El Chino fits the bill and then some. The people and the food are fantastic. El Chino has become a mainstay as it's modestly priced and consistently good Mexican food. This is the perfect Capitol lunch spot.
5	Wonderful fresh and delicious food at great prices with fantastic service.   Love this place!
5	1st time here.  My husband and I stopped for lunch today and this place is really kept up. I ordered the carne asada torta and man was it very filing, I had a hard time finishing it.  My husband ordered the same with 2 carne asada tacos on the side.  They have a salsa bar with fresh pico, cilantro, limes, salsa, and onions you can top your plate with.The carne asada was so delicious!  I work near the capitol and already can't wait to come back and try the other items on the menu.Prices are really reasonable and the customer service is awesome.  They walked up to our table and offered us refills, boxes to go, and even take our empty plates. If you are in the area this is a must stop.
5	Fantastic taco spot! Food is delicious, place is very clean and well kept! Will definitely return! Cheap too.
5	Everything was delicious!! Barbacoa was a little salty but still good, nice and tender!  Red chile burrito was the the hit! Love this place recommend to all!
5	Don't think twice if your looking for Mexican Food, El Chino has the best Carne Asada Tacos in the city w/ fresh salsa bar!Tell them David sent you! Enjoy!
5	Amazing Food, Great People. You will definitely enjoy your meal & your time here. You must try the carne asada, you'll enjoy every bite except the last (because that means it's all gone).
5	It's just plain good! The staff was ultra friendly, the restaurant was clean and the food was fresh. If the service was any faster, I swear someone read my mind when I walked through the door. I enjoyed my carne asada burrito so much, I went back and ordered two carne asada tacos. Everything was delicious. I'm not setting foot in Phoenix and missing an opportunity to grub here again.
5	best carne asada burrito I've ever eaten. Great food. Clean restaurant. Kind staff. A gem!
5	Best authentic Mexican style tacos and burritos around! Mexican restaurants come a dime a dozen, with few who spare no expense for quality, fresh ingredients, Taquerias El Chino is no exception. From the moment you take a first bite,  you can be sure you're getting the best cuts of meat and the freshest cuts of vegetables. Try this place once, and you'll be sure to make Taquerias El Chino, a regular stop!
5	The meat is so tender with mouth watering flavor:) along with the freshest salsa bar! A MUST TRY!
5	1st time  there  was small nothing  fancy but good atmosphere and great food . Very helpful and friendly staff . Were very quick to get food to us at the time we went . Would recommend this  place to anyone looking for some good tacos or burritos.
5	Food is tasty. Heaven to the taste buds! They also have friendly and customer driven service!!!
5	Okay my wife wanted to try this spot a friend recommended. We ventured out to Phoenix to give it a shot. We parked in the back to walk around to the front entrance. Once we entered we were greeted by the friendly staff. The family ordered multiple tacos & a quesadilla. I was busy on the phone with a friend while taking a bite of my Carne Asada taco...I had to immediately hang up & take another bite then made my way to the salsa bar. Lots of variety of toppings to your liking. I kid you not. The food was so good that we placed a second order. The staff asked if it were our first time & they graciously gave us a bean & cheese quesadilla which was good as well. Overall great ppl & awesome food. We will be back for sure.
5	I stopped in for the first time a couple weeks ago, and was extremely impressed with the place. The carne asada tacos were amazing - perfect flour tortillas, and a nice topping bar, including some delicious hot salsa which might catch you off guard if you're not used to "hot" actually being "hot".The other meats are delicious - the pork, beef, turkey, cabeza, and cachete are all fantastic. This was the first place I've tried cabeza and cachete, and those are now my two favorites.The people are friendly, service is fast, and prices are very reasonable. Definitely my new lunch spot.
4	I really like this place. The ambiance is a little noisy for my taste and the service is a little disorganized (when your food is ready you take it to a condiments station to load it up and then, if you have a burrito, you take it back to the counter so they can wrap it for you) however the food was really good. We had Carne asada and pork barbacoa, cabeza and lengua, and all of it was really good. My husband went back for seconds. When a slight mix up occurred (we got a barbacoa taco when we ordered the carne asada) , the manager asked if we would like to keep it while he got us the right order a classy move. Also, the red salsa... Super delicious and super spicy. My husband loves spicy salsa and is often underwhelmed with claims of spicy salsa. This one however, fried his palate. We will definitely be coming back for more. 5 people eating (2 kids)  and the total came out to $45ish.
5	As soon as I arrived the staff welcomed me and I felt as if I just walked into my Nana's house. There is literally a traditional residential front door that when closes makes you feel like you are in someone's awesome smelling home. Granted the area is right in the middle of Phoenix and there are people around that someone might consider this restaurant "dirty" or "unsafe" but that is not the case. This place not only raises the value of the community it is in, I believe they are making a difference by providing an excellence service. This is coming from a guy that is born and raised in East Mesa that hates the Phoenix and downtown area. This place is great! Now with the food. 10 stars. Get everything on the menu because it's so dang cheap! A taco for 2 bucks?! What?! The meat is something of a miracle, it is so tender and tasteful. My wife and I got the beef Barbacoa, and carne Asada tacos. They are BOMB. All you business professionals need to come to this place for lunch and make it your place for lunch.
5	Authentic, tasty and wonderful!! Fresh ingredients, simplicity in the decor. The proprietors were so gracious and kind. I would eat here often if I were a local.
5	Just in town for the weekend and my boyfriend was craving a good taco shop - WE FOUND IT! the simplicity of the restaurant and ingredients used - proves it truly does not take much to please customers. The gentleman who took our order (possibly the owner?) was very friendly and personable to every one who came in the door. If I lived in Phoenix this would be a go-to spot - can't wait to come back again!
5	Let me start off by saying... I don't give five star reviews often, but when I do, it's with a purpose! When you come to El Chino's, it's not in the vest of neighborhoods or a mega shopping center, who cares about that??!! When I am hungry,  the only thing that I care about is GOOD food and a clean restaurant, and quality service is always a plus. I will tell you this place has ALL THREE! The owner was super appreciative that we went off the beaten path to come to his restaurant. I would tell you to close your eyes and read this review as if you were me, but that would make much sense! I had the carne asada burrito and I have to say... hands down, second to none, and without a doubt, this is THE BEST carne asada burrito I have ever had in my life! They make the steak for you and put the rice and beans on your burrito and then you add all your toppings (kinda like a self-serve Chipotle) then you give it back to them and they wrap it for you. My burrito ended up being about the size of my forearm! I literally thought about this place all day... the best meal that I have had in a long time, and if I was anywhere close to this place when I return to AZ I will go out of my way to come back here. Without question. Without hesitation. Awesome job El Chino's... you gave me a complete different appreciation for authentic mexican food. I. Cant. Wait. To. Go. Back. Now....... I am drooling
5	Visited today with my wife after a long hike in South Mountain Park. Wonderful greeting from the owner sincere and friendly. We had amazing barbacoa puerco (Pork), barbacoa res (Beef), Cabeza (braised meat from the head), carne asada (Ribeye) and then finally 2 bean burritos to go. Wow absolutely the best mexican food I have found in entire city. I do reviews maybe once or twice a year. We will be back as everything was fresh and flavorful and overall very clean. Give this place a try there is a reason they have 5 stars and 30 plus reviews. Side note we visit Mexican restaurants about 2 times a week and very rarely go to the same place twice. This place is going to be on my travel routes weekly. I did learn a little bit about where they source their tortillas and I also get mine from there and know how hard they can be to get ahold of.
5	Carne Asad burrito was simply awesome.  Love being able to load the way I want from salsa bar.
4	Tacos were ok. I think they are a little pricey. After reading the other reviews, I thought I would find the best tacos ever......but no. I will still keep searching for the best tacos in PHX.  I still prefer these tacos over most taco places in this city. The owners and service was awesome.
