3	Cinco de Mayo - you have to eat or do something Mexican on this day.  The BF and I headed to Viva El Taco to satisfy this Mexican craving.  I would say Viva El Taco is similar to the Roberto's Taco Shop chain.  The pictures and menu on the wall are mirror images.I went with the #5 Combination Plate (Beef Burrito & Cheese Enchilada) for $5.65.  However, I substituted the Cheese Enchilada for a Pork Tamale.  It also came with rice and beans.  The rice was kinda dry, and remain untouched, but the refried beans were pretty good with  melted cheese.  My beef burrito had chunks of tender beef oozing out along with peppers and the BF wouldn't stop eating my order.  The tamale was on the dry end though, and it's covered with cheese and sauce to make up for it.  I didn't bother finishing the tamale.The BF had three Al Pastor tacos at $2.15/each.  He thought they were pretty loaded compared to what he gets from Roberto's Taco Shop.The self service "salad bar" had fresh cucumbers and radishes to neutralize the heat from the chipotle sauce, green hot sauce, jalapeno peppers, carrots, and onions, and fresh green onions.The gigantic horchata was pretty good too and is a must with all Mexican food.  Overall, Viva El Taco is another chain among the chains of Mexican food in Las Vegas.  It's definitely better and more authentic than a Del Taco or Taco Bell any day.  It's casual enough for a quick bite as well.Sidenote:  They have coupons offering $0.99 bean burritos, three rolled tacos, beef tacos, and chicken tacos.
2	Viva el Taco is a small shop located in a strip mall off of Ft. Apache and Tropicana. I stopped by last week at about 11:30 on a weekday and it was completely dead. So I had no trouble getting a quick lunch to go. The order: one carne asada, one carnitas, and one al pastor taco. Each taco was a single tortilla piled with plenty of meat, onions, cilantro, tomatoes, and guacamole. The carne asada was tough and chewy and the al pastor was lacking a depth in flavor or any bit of kick. The carnitas was the best of the three but hardly anything to write home about. They're a little pricier than some other taquerias around town, with each taco being $2.40.
4	A 'taco happy hour'... whoever thought of such a place or thing.Authentic in taste and of course $.79 per hard taco was well worth it.I'll be back when I'm in a pinch for a quick meal.
3	I had a coupon for 2 combo plates with drinks, dine in or take out. My boyfriend and I decided to use it for takeout and have a movie night at my house.  The place was completely empty, so empty they started mopping up the floor from the entrance to the cash register; there was nowhere to step without leaving footprints when we walked in. One of the guys saw us coming and quickly threw a "wet floor" sign on the area (glad to see they care). From the moment we walked in and handed them our coupon, we could tell there was a very strong language barrier. The guys didn't seem to know what we were saying unless we mentioned something on the menu. Honestly, I never really find that to be a problem, but it was just a little tough trying to explain the coupon to him without seeming like we were ripping them off because it was already paid for. After we were able to explain it to him he asked what we wanted. I asked him if I could get super nachos instead of a combo plate and he said yes. We ended up getting the super nachos and chile relleno combo plate and two drinks with the coupon. We noticed a sign on the side that said they were having a 99cent taco special going on so we got 6 tacos (4 carne asada, 2 pollo) because we felt back just walking out without having to pay for anything. Plus, we were having a movie munchie night so it was our time to get crazy. As we were waiting for our food, we went to get our fountain drinks but a huge chunk of ice clogged the machine so we called one of the guys over to help us. He came over, but then ran back behind the counter to put on a pair of gloves because messing with the ice. I found that to be very sanitary because I imagine other places just pushing out the chunk of ice with bare hands. We waited less than 10 minutes for all our food and headed home. The food was still hot when we got home and we divided everything up amongst 4 people. The super nachos were like a volcanic mountain exploding with toppings; it was fantastic. Nothing special compared to other places like Roberto's, but nonetheless delicious. I didn't try the chile relleno, but I heard my mom and dad talking about how they didn't like the sauce on it (I'm not sure what kind of sauce they used). The tacos were all gone within 5 minutes, so they were obviously pretty tasty and cheap!I'd like to come back here for their specials. From what I recall, they have quite a few specials going on everyday.  Like $5 fish taco combo plates from 11-2pm and 99 cent tacos.
