2	This place is decked out and beautiful.... As for the service... You MUST make reservations prior to entering or else you will get kicked out in the middle of your experience if that room was already booked prior to you booking it.  Would that be considered bad service or proper service?
3	This place is expensive, BUT song selection is by far more superior than the other karaoke spots in Montreal. They have a happy hour 3PM-8PM which is $10/hr which is cheaper but I think it still adds up. They have Korean, Vietnamese, and English songs. Every time I went, they had updated, new English hits like Moves like Jagger or Rocketeer. So if you want to sing the latest songs, fret not, because most likely Pang Pang will have it. Alcohol price is the same, around 6 bucks for a beer 4 for a shot last time I checked. Rooms are clean, screen is quite large and remote control is a bit intimidating because it's all big, fat chunkyish. Service is ok from all the times i went, neither bad nor good. I would give it a 4 if it wasn't so darn expensive.
5	Very nice place, people are kind and the ambiance is great! They have the newest song out there and it's a great place to go with a gang of friends
2	Over-priced for karaoke, and even more so for drinks. The Mojo shot bottles they sell for 50$ a piece are available for 9.99$ at my local depanneur. We made the mistake of buying two bottles the first time we had been in years, and will certainly not be ripped off again.The staff is rude and kind of cold, the lady at the counter was incredibly snotty and refused to help us calculate what the cost per person for the room would be -- she would not even let us use her calculator that she had right in front of her. We ordered food off of their snack menu and it never came, yet they tried to charge us for it, so make sure you check your bill before you pay!, The song selection is decently good and updated frequently -- though not any more so than other nearby karaoke places -- and the decor is nice, if not a little cheesy.Do make reservations at least a few days in advance, or don't expect to get a room. Also, make sure you specify how long you want to reserve the room for, otherwise, as some people below have said, you will get kicked out in the middle of your evening without any notice.
3	solid karaoke lounge that has a full bar so you can get crunk while you're drunk!haha. this place was okay. It's your typical fobby karaoke bar, where the words don't necessarily match the lyrics, and the background of the music video has nothing to do with the song. the songs are completely off beat...hilarious. The rooms are clean and the space is nice..but the karaoke system needs some updating. $10 per person from 3-8pm. $15 after 8pm, very cheap.
4	Loved the place! If your a little group it's awesome to have your own lounge especially for a friends birthday! The bottles of alcohol weren't that expensive. The fact that its intimate gives the chance for everyone to sing and not be shy! I am definitely going to go back.
2	Sangria tasted like my neighbour's nephew's fruit punch, I could even taste the cheapness of the wine that was used. Do NOT order any cocktails here!Good place for karaoke, the song selections are wide and they update their song lists monthly. Every room is equipped with an air conditioner, however their furnitures are really old and the waiter had a really bad attitude.
4	Great place!! Good for girls night out! we went on a bachelorette and it was perfect! No gross guys around haha It was a bit pricey...so thats why i put four stars. it was clean and good service. I would go back.
4	If you think karaoke is singing in front of a bar full of people, then that is because you don't know real karaoke - private fucking rooms where you can relax and make a fool of yourself in front of your friends. The only complaint other than the booze, is the ridiculously tiny selection of songs, most if them B-sides. This is 2014! We have had internet around for a long while now, and these karaoke machines are electronic devices - how about combining the two technologies and having endless amounts of songs? Christ, YouTube has that. After having gone four times now, i think I have sang everything I wanted to about five times over. But it is better than singing Mr.Roboto in some Frenchy bar.Tips: 1.DO NOT buy the mixed drinks! They are $5.50 a pop and they contain maybe a quarter ounce of booze, which is about all they could fit into the double-shot glass sized glasses. Instead, get the Smirnoff Ice which will pack a punch. 2. The door's window is opaque! You can get naughty if you like, you cheeky bugger!
