4	Green Chili Pulled Pork sandwich was great, Smoked Tomato Bisque was amazing.After Siracha closed we Gangplankers have been waiting for something to open up in that space for a while. Now we have Vintage 95. Decor is really nice... very wine bar-ish. Thick wood tables and chairs and textiles all around and dimly lit old historical looking pendants hanging above the bar. Place feels comfy. Outdoor patio still exists w/ fire pit and umbrellas for the day time. They're working on a side patio too but that's still a ways off from opening as per construction.Staff was very friendly and all smiles - service was attentive and accurate. Manager/owner came over to see how the food was about mid lunch.Food... we were in for lunch and 3 of us got the pulled pork with green chili's as mentioned at the beginning and a cup of the smoked tomato bisque w/ what tasted like breaded grilled cheese in it... I'd eat that stuff all day every day if I could.  Pulled pork sandwich tasted really good, bread got a little heavy half way through for me but I ate out the meat and chilis to finish it off.One friend is a vegetarian and got a veggie panini and commented on how good it was and also loved the tomato soup.Another friend had the vintage flatbread, and didn't enjoy it. Was overwhelmed with the pickled onions and candied dates that made it too sweet to eat all of it.Drink... only went there for lunch so I can't comment on that yet.Dessert... we didn't order anything but looked at the offerings. We were kind wondering why there was no chocolate on there seeing as we were in a wine bar... there was one with Nutella sauce??? that's kind of not really what we expected but... anyways heads up.We'll all be back to try other things... and to see what they have for happy hour too. Cheers
5	Wow!  This place is amazing.  So amazing I went there twice in a week.  I will start with my dinner.The ambiance was great.  The place has a nice warm feeling to it and since it was cold outside it was really nice.  They had a large fireplace inside and after dinner we stayed for the great crowd that showed up and went outside.  It was pretty chilly but I didn't even notice as the fire pit was big enough to warm everyone around it.  They also had ample heat lamps.  The food was fantastic.  I had the tomato soup with the grilled cheese crouton in it and it warmed me up and prepped me for my main meal.  I had the burger and tender belly bacon.  This was an amazing treat for my taste buds.  The bacon was not like any bacon I have had on a burger.  It was a perfect complement for each other.  I wanted another one when I was done but couldn't possibly eat anymore. The drinks were great.  They have an amazing wine selection.  The wines we were drinking were affordable and it looks like they really spent some time picking the right wines to carry.  They have some really nice wines that rival the selection of some of the really nice wine bars in Scottsdale as well.  My friends said that the mixed drinks were really well made and they were very happy with how they turned out.  They have just about everything you could want for mixed drinks.Service was amazing as well.  They were really attentive and the owner stopped by to talk to our table.  LunchThe lunch was just as good as the dinner.  I had a shrimp BLT that rivals anything in AZ.  I was glad to see that had a variety of Dr. Pepper/Mr. Pibb on tap.  It was really relaxing to sit there at lunch and enjoy the crowd.  The service was excellent.Overall I highly recommend Vintage 95 for lunch or dinner.  It is a great place for a date at night and you can enjoy the great crowd afterwards with great conversation and ambiance to fit.
4	We made our first trip to Vintage 95 this week and overall I was impressed.  The new owners have done an awesome job with the building and decor.  The interior has a nice wine cafe feel while the outdoor patio has an upscale hotel patio look complete with high end outdoor furniture and fire pits.  It's a great place to hang out and have dinner or a glass of wine this time of year.Pros: The pulled pork and bruschetta that we had were amazing! The food was fresh, portions were nice and it all tasted amazing.  Whoever is running their kitchen definitely knows what they're doing.  Aside from the food, the building and decor were the second big selling point.Cons: This restaurant really missed the mark with their staff.  The hostess was nice but struggled with where to put the six of us despite the fact that there weren't many people in that night (alone, not that big of a deal).  Our waiter was nice but couldn't tell us much about the menu items or specialties (they only have a one page menu at launch).  We were pleased to find wine from one of our favorite wineries, Arizona Stronghold, but really disappointed that the waiter couldn't tell our friends anything about the wine and completely butchered the location calling it Cochise Valley.  Sorry dude, it's Cochise County and that is a major flub against this AZ native.  Finally, it was great to see the owner come out and show off his new digs to his friends, but a word to the wise, we are the customers, you should make an effort to come over and welcome us and thank us for coming in.  It's repeat business from customers like us that will dictate your success in the future.  The reality is that the owner and staff form the personality of the establishment and ultimately that's what keeps people coming back (check the wait at an Anthony Canecchia or Joe Johnston restaurant to test that theory).So, this place has a lot going for it and if the owner starts tending to his customers and can sharpen up his staff, they may have a recipe for success.
5	So my wife and I walked into Vintage 95 two weeks ago.  Looking for lunch and a spot for New Years Eve dinner.  Wow! I said to myself.  Been looking for a place like this in the east valley forever.  Cozy, comfort with a great fireplace inside and killer patio outback.  We had lunch on the comfy couch in front of the fireplace.  Great wine list,  well thought out menu that delivers, and service that fits the food and atmosphere.  Went back with party of 6 for New Years Eve dinner.  The experience was great and the price for the fixed menu was amazingly low for the quality.  The staff was a little busy with the place being packed as it was, but again they delivered the goods.  Thanks Vintage 95....we've been waiting for you for a long time.
5	Great relaxed atmosphere. Excellent wine selection. Fresh food with variety. Should be visited if you looking for a place to chill with a nice glass of wine and friends.  Also,soon to come, a dinner menu.
4	In our continuing quest to identify cool, locally owned places to eat and/or drink, Caroline and I auditioned Vintage 95 last night. Before I go further, understand that whenever I go out for eats or drinks, I have  in  mind a Platonic Ideal of the Bar/Pub/Eatery I most want to frequent. I'm on a constant quest to find that  Ideal expressed in Real Life. Vintage 95 isn't quite there, but it's damn close. If I ever give something Five Stars, you'll know it has pegged my Platonic Ideal. Anyway...The plan last night was for drinks. No plans for food, just Adult Beverages and warm conversation. But it turned into more.The location in downtown Chandler is terrific for us. The owners have created a very fine visual experience - leather, stone, dark woods, good lighting. And they don't have the music turned up so loud that you CANNOT HAVE A CONVERSATION. This is one of my pet peeves. If I want to stare at people move their mouths while enduring an aural assault, I'll stand on the deck of an aircraft carrier. When I go out with friends, I want to enjoy their company AND their conversation. Is that concept so difficult to grasp? [/rant off]The atmosphere at Vintage 95 is very close to my Ideal. I'd go back just to sit on the leather couches in front of the fireplace, and then go back another time to sit on the leather stools at the bar, and then go back about fourteen more times to sit out on the patio. Seriously - go check out the patio. It is EXACTLY what a Patio Hangout Bar should be. EXACTLY.Caroline and I told the hostesses we were only there for drinks, so we were seated in the bar area in some fabulous leather club chairs. It wasn't initmate, but we weren't looking for intimate. And speaking of the bar, even though V95 advertises itself as a wine bar, they DO have booze. I'm not much of a wine drinker and was very pleased to see that they carried a pretty good selection of single malt scotches. Not an overwhelming selection, but well beyond the normal Glenfiddich /Glenlivit /GlenMorangie trio to which most places are limited. I had a couple of drums of Ardbeg, which is one of my new favorites and very reasonably priced at retail. (Scotch is never reasonably priced in restaurants, but I was celebrating so I didn't care.) Caroline had her normal "vodka martini extra dirty extra cold" which she judged to have "perfect dirtiness", (no wonder I love her!), perfect amount of olives and very cold. The limited Happy Hour menu had some very interesting choices. We settled on the bruschetta and the smoked tomato bisque. The bruschetta was VERY nice and quite unusual. You get to select four of eight choices for your bruschetta platter; we picked: (1) white bean and pancetta, (2) gravlax, caper goat cheese and pickled onions, (3) fig chutney, ricotta and prosciutto, (4) brie, pear and onion jam. They were all served cold, in nice sized portions and the flavors were all nicely balanced and very interesting. Caroline would have preferred the bread to not be so crispy, but I really liked it. The tomato bisque  was creamy, smoky and had well-balanced flavor. Caroline said it was unique and I say it was just darn delicious. Things being as they are, drinks and appetizers turned into food. A friend had told us "you have to try the Vintage burger", so we did. It came served with a mixture of regular and sweet potato fries, all nicely cooked and nicely seasoned. Recommended. The burger was VERY tasty. They obviously use good beef, the bun was fresh, the fixin's were tasty. HIGHLY recommended.In for a dime, in for a dollar, right? So we ordered dessert. Again, the dessert menu is short, but I'm okay with that as long as they do it well. Chocolate torte with hazelnut gelato, apple pie with carmel sauce and creme fraiche gelato, and something else we couldn't remember. I'm allergic to hazelnut and don't like sweet desserts, so we decided to try the apple pie.Like everything else we had sampled, the apple pie was unusual - you wouldn't find it anywhere else. It was served on a freshly baked puff pastry, cubed apples served on top and inside - tender but not mushy -  with lots of cinnamon and sugar, plate was swirled with salted dolce la leche. It was tasty, but instead of the expected creme fraiche gelato, we were served hazelnut gelato. I didn't realize it was hazelnut until I'd had a couple of bites and my throat started to swell up.At this point that the night could have turned into a disaster, but to their credit - it didn't. We told the waiter who told the manager, (Gavin - one of the owners), who immediately came and asked if I needed emergency assistance. I didn't, I'm not THAT allergic.)  Frankly, their response was EXACTLY the kind of customer service you want to see. Anyone can make a mistake, so no harm, no foul. But I must give BIG Kudos to Gavin for his kindness, attention to detail and outstanding customer service.We will DEFINTELY be back and I strongly recommend you put it on your list too.
4	This is the 2nd time we come here and we are already huge fans!  The first time, the service was impressive - the bartender tended to us at our table an was not only really friendly and genuine, but knowledgeable and very helpful in wine and food pairing (we ordered the meat plate and it did not disappoint).  The 2nd time was an equally pleasing experience.  Our party of 7 got seated within a few minutes of arriving and our server gal was friendly, nice, and quick.  We went through several bottles of wine and the service was never slow or lacking (btw - they have an excellent Kim Crawford SB in the bottle section - recommend!).  A few of us had the vintage burgers and though I wasn't a big fan of the thick buns, i put them aside and found the meat and rest of the toppings very tasty and highly filling.  The ambiance was perfect - they had live music (a beautiful and talented gal on her guitar) and she chose perfect songs for the venue and the fireplace was going.  The owner stopped by to say hello and everything was all good.  We are fans and will return again!
5	We went to this amazing Wine Bistro on Jane's  Birthday....and had an memorable experience. The wine selection and wine room is impressive, and at some reasonable prices.  The menu has something for everyone.  I had the remark-able hamburger, and it was one of the best I've had...but, they also have delicious soups and appetizers.  The bruscetta is five star! We've spoken with the owner Gavin, who used to be the chef at House of Tricks in Tempe, and you can see the pride he has in his place.  Friday and Saturday nights are always packed, but they take reservations.  Check out the back patio....big space, but very intimate settings with fire pit, outside bar, and lots of heaters.  The inside is charming.  Comfortable chairs...and lots of seating around the fireplace.  The Bar has a lot of character with the backdrop being the 100 year old brick wall from the old Chandler Post Office.  Once you go, you'll continue to go back...it's that good.  Congratulations, you've got a winner!
3	Stopping in for happy hour drinks and apps.  Great patio, service as so-so.  Would return for happy hour, but menu was not appealing enough to come back for dinner.
5	Like the 5 star rating says...Woohoo!  As good as it gets!  I would challenge those reading to find a better setting...inside or out on the patio for a great night out in Chandler.  We attended to celebrate my wife's birthday, as well as 4 others that attended Vintage 95 last night.  We had a party of 16 and the service was great.  The server was sharp, quick to meet our needs, and a pleasure to talk with.  Many in our party had never visited and they all loved the atmosphere...and the company of course!One of the great things about Vintage 95 are the cheese plates, served on butcher block, with your personalized choices of cheese, (you can personalize your meat choices to if you wish) they have nuts, olives, dried fruit...all which pair great with your favorite wine.  We love wine and if you love wine or are interested in tasting wine, Gavin, the owner, has created a remarkable wine list  and is very acommodating to all of his customers...Just ask for him or his manager and they will help with wine selections and then sit back and enjoy the live music, and the fire place.  AND ALL of this is in downtown CHANDLER!Gavin and his partners have done a great thing the the city in the first 3 months of his business...and he reported it is even going to get better with dinner service soon...we can't wait.See ya there! Don't miss this find!
4	First, the decor is amazing. Very vintage, warm and classy. We came to Vintage for some drinks and it was packed. We sat at the bar for about 40 minutes but then were given a comfy space of couches and chairs by the fire. Note that the bartender was awesome and knew all of our names before we left to sit down. We didnt eat as we had come from dinner but about every 20 min one of us was like mmmm what is that good smell!? The food looked delicious! The main reason I am writing this review is the customer service was outstanding for how busy they were. I will definitely be back.
5	This place is awesome!!! Great atmosphere, Great food (all the bruschetta is to die for), The wine is pricey but the cheap food makes up for it.  All in all, bombdiggity!!
4	It seems to be a constant challenge to find a bar and restaurant in the east valley that is not only NOT a chain but that also has a great atmosphere, an attentive wait staff, a fabulous wine list, and a unique food selection (without being too out of the ordinary).   Vintage 95 has all of these!  Not to mention how refreshing it was to deal with a hostess, Jocelyn,  that wasn't 16 years old and actually knew what she was doing!  When we were seated our waitress, Emily was friendly, knowledgeable, attentive,  and never rushed us.  The wine list is extensive, however, I think they should add more low range wines in the $25-$35 range to their list.   The warm and cozy decor of the place makes you want to stay and eat and drink for hours.  The outdoor patio in the back has a great fire pit and romantic lighting.  I HIGHLY suggest making a reservation or you could be waiting a long time for a table.  There was a problem with one of our entrees and the manager took care of it immediately.  I look forward to my next visit to Vintage 95.
5	My wife and I had a date on Saturday and decided to try Vintage 95 again as the first time was awesome and his time lived up to the first or better.Despite being quite busy we managed to get a little table promptly. Our first thought was that it wasn't the greatest spot but actually the chairs were so comfortable and we had a view to all that was going on including the music so it really was great.Our server, sorry but I forgot his name, was very good and was very attentive. We ordered a bottle of wine, the brie pear & onion jam bruschetta appetizer and a grilled chicken panini sandwich.  Everything was wonderful (although the chicken panini wasn't truly a panini it was still delicious)!They have a very diverse crowd from 20's to 60's, a great ambiance and delicious food.  And they take reservations!!!  We will definitely be back!Thanks!
5	I feel in love last night. Yes, the wine could have had some impact on my emotions but nonetheless this place is nothing short of awesome. Surprised my lover boy and took him on a date to this very romantic and sophisticated establishment and from the big comfy couches and chairs, to the bruschetta and cheese tasting washed down by delicious wine undoubtedly served up a very good time. After eating, we enjoyed our drinks outside sitting on the fire pit listening to music and canoodling like we were teenagers... sigh.... I could go on but you're not here to read about my mushy moments now are you? No, you're not but you now have read about a place that you MUST go check out... just go.. shhhhh you don't need to say anything just get up and go....and have a wineederfuulll time.
5	I love this place! The patio is just perfect - high walls, comfy couches and tables, a huge fire pit, heaters and a gorgeous brick facade.  The inside seating is gorgeous, too. Roaring fire, dark wood, brick, leather.  Sitting in The service is fantastic, too. As is the wine list and food.  It is so great to have a place like this in downtown Chandler - instead of Scottsdale. The ambience of old Chandler is cool, too. When we went last night, there was an art walk. I highly recommend V95. I also recommend reservations - every time I have been here, the place is hopping.
5	Vintage 95, you sexy young thing....! I stop by for lunch and I'm always thrilled. The lunch selection is perfect. I need to always get back to work and you always get me in and out in the right amount of time but with the just right amount of perfect lunch. Perfect! My lunch of choice is the salad with a cup of the tomato soup. The cheesy croutons are bliss, what culinary genius dreamt those up, I love them! Well, thank you Vintage for being my go to lunch spot, you are just lovely.
4	So... all of my reviews for awhile are going to start with how pleasantly surprised I am by a quality independent restaurant here. I read such bad reviews about the food in the Phoenix area from foodies like myself who come from places famous for their independent food scene. Once again... HAPPY! Granted the meal I ordered was simple. Had the new york strip with green beans.But it was perfect! I ordered medium rare and it was truly medium rare. The steak was quality, the beans were cooked perfectly and spiced beautifully. The one negative was weird.. the plate was tiny. So small that I had to take half my steak off the plate and put it on a side plate to be able to cut it. The sauce was falling over the side and the tiny, avante garde plate had a bizarre swoop in it so i couldn't rest my knife on it without it sliding off. That should really be changed. But back to the good stuff. The bartenders were fabulous! Both recommended wines were perfect, they were friendly and funny and best of all... quick. This is going to become a regular haunt for sure.
5	great food and a great atmosphere, huge patio to unwind after a tough day, great staff
3	I still like this place... this being the 5th time I've come here.  I wrote this update as this was the first time I actually tried something that wasn't the Vintage Burger or the Charcuterie Board and wanted to share my opinions:- Warm Brie: ok portion of cheese, though hummus was meager and I think the "grilled vegetables" could've been more grilled and grilled-looking (as in grill marks, they looked bare and tasted bare).- House Soup: meh, not a fan.  It was pretty plain and served with very little croutons... not memorable nor something I'd order again- Fall Salad: I was really surprised at how sweet this salad was.  It was spring mix with 3 or 4 little pieces of butternut squash (needs more!) and the maple vinaigrette was completely sweet (duh, it's maple based).. as in they poured maple syrup on the salad and mixed it like that in a bowl.  It was not pleasant because it was just so over the top sweet.  I would not order this again.Our companions loved their vintage burger, but agreed the soup was plain and not worth ordering.Our server gal was nice and quick and the atmosphere was, again, great.Another issue: sitting in the front patio means you sit on these small 'patio' tables that don't allow you to seat comfortably and eat... just an FYI.Also, when we ordered the Charcuterie Board, they served us 3 slices of bread, so I asked for "1 more slice" since there was 4 of us.. she brought 4 more out and charged us for it.. I thought that was kinda crappy - there were 4 of us and we got 3 breads and when I ask for 1 more, I get 4 more and then get charged.  Not cool. I'm going to have to try some other dishes to figure out if the burger and charcuterie board (and wine and atmosphere) are the only thing worth coming for.  I had a hard time bringing it down to 3 stars only because I really want to like this local place.
4	Yes!  This place is going to hit the radars in all the local mag asap!  Watch out.  HH consist of a good selection of $5 wines of all varietals or $20 bottles.  Choose to pay for a full price bottle and you will get yourself a free meat board.  A Great appetizer.Soups and Salads are all great and have their own little unique flairs.  $3 for a cup of soup, $9 to $12 for salads.We ate the Pork Belly Appetizer which was on top o a corn grit and collards. The Pork Belly was over an inch thick! So fatty, soo delicious.Main courses are very unique and you can tell that the chef takes pride in his work.  The Owners are actively part of the evening and chat with customers.  In the evenings they have a soloist singer/guitarist play and it compliments the atmosphere nicely.A pricey night for us but we did not hold back any stops. Vintage could be done with as much money as you wish.Visit! You won't be disappointed.
5	Went for dinner here with my wife, in-laws and sister in law. Everything we had was extraordinary!  Staring with the warm Brie, flavorful and perfectly warmed, soft but not runny; the pork belly with grits was luscious; the assorted meats were complemented wonderfully with dried cherries, pine nuts, olives and pistachios. The smoked tomato bisque was deliciously smokey and smooth. I don't think that earlier reviewers had the same soup.  The duck breast with cherry mojo was delicious. The duck was succulent and set off perfectly with the mojo, which was both tart and spicy. My wife had the braised ribs, that she said were the best beef she has ever had. My father in law had the portobello mushroom, which he raved about. My mother in law had the grouper, done perfectly moist and flavorful. Finally, my sister in law had the vintage burger, which was just as good as the other yelpers have said. All of this was complemented by the Klinker Brick "Old Ghost" 2009 Zinfandel. Emily was our server, very attentive, but unobtrusive. Our glasses were never empty and the pauses between courses were perfect. Exemplary service!We were very well pleased with our visit to Vintage 95. I'll be back soon!
5	Fantastic wine bar in Chandler. Amazing wine selections and the food is delicious!
3	I came here for a girls night last Thursday with a few friends. We had some wine and food out on the back patio. Unfortunately we arrived too late for Happy Hour.  The $5 a glass is a great deal even though the choices are limited. The even better deal is the free bruschetta board if you order a bottle; we definitely would have taken advantage of that if we had been there an hour earlier.  We were lucky enough to get to listen to the wonderful music of Sarah Vanell who was performing there that evening.  I thought I recognized her voice from Vincitorio's and so I googled it when I got home and sure enough it's the same girl.  She sort of sounds like Jewel but she sings a wide range of songs and puts her own stamp on the covers.  Just an awesome performer.The bruschetta choices on the menu are pretty much the exact same descriptions as the offerings at Postino but after sampling them I can say that they are not quite the same caliber. The warm brie was good but not as impressive as I thought it would be.  I agree with April Q. that they are pretty skimpy with the bread which is surprising since it is just plain pita and didn't even taste like it was baked there. We also got a veggie flatbread which was a favorite of the girls who had been there before.  That was pretty tasty and I highly recommend it.  The dinner menu was short but there were a few entrees on there that I would like to try in the future.The other girls shared a couple of bottles of Pinot Grigio that were very reasonable priced.  I, the lone red drinker, had a couple glasses of a really nice GSM blend that I can't remember the name of (their wine list on the website must not be up to date since I don't see it there either).  Our server was absent for a while in the beginning but made it up by being very friendly and attentive the rest of the time we were there.  The main attraction of this place is their patio.  It was really nice sitting out there by the fire pit.  There are trees and lights, and you can choose to either sit at a table and chairs or comfy couches.  I love the fact that you can see the City Hall building, too; it looks so cool at night.  The only thing that took away from the pleasant, relaxing atmosphere was the fact that there were a lot of smokers out there.  I had to take away a star for that.
5	Wow!  I can't believe I'm giving 5 stars to a place in Chandler, Arizona!  I'm from NYC and I need to maintain my snob status....but we had such a fabulous time, I can't help it!!Setting - I totally forgot we were in a parking lot!  The 5 of us were hanging out in the back, sitting around a fire on cozy couches, enjoying a perfect April evening.  Server - very nice, even helpful when my 4 year old daughter spilled wine all over the place!  Did not feel rushed in the least in a good, relaxed way.  Food - we had the scallops, fish, olives, meats and cheese platter, 3 kinds of bruschetta - all was wonderful, tasty, well prepared and artistically arranged on each plate.   I was really surprised how the fish just melted in my mouth, great job!  Wine - pretty good wine selection and a good price by the bottle and glass. Thanks for a great Arizona night out!  It was better than all the subsequent nights that we had out in uppity Scottsdale later in the week!
4	I was so excited that downtown Chandler finally had a wine lounge and had high expectations of this establishment based on what I had heard.The new owners have completely transformed this former restaurant into a very comfortable and inviting wine lounge.  There is just the right mixture of tables, bar seating and comfy chairs and couches arranged into nice seating areas.  The fireplace adds a nice touch .. and that's just the inside. The outdoor patio is just as nice and with the heaters you can enjoy it year round.I've only tried the cheese boards here, the selection of cheese is very good (you get to pick 3 out of about 9) and the presentation is nice.  The only thing that is holding me back from a better rating is the red wine selection.  Since I don't drink white I can't comment on the whites.   I've also found the servers' knoweldge about the wine really varies.  Fortunately they will give you a taste if you ask for it.  I will continue to come here especially if I want a chill evening with great live music with Sarah but this isn't your "go to" place to try new and interesting wine or learn more about wines.
5	We're going to party like it's 1995!I hope that's what the name means.  Oh sophomore year in HS!  Fast-forward to the 2000s and bam!  Welcome to Vintage 95! This place seems like a hip lounge to chill with some wine and why not some dine? Live music on Friday and Saturday nights and the dessert menu is like a sweet kiss to your lips.  Specialty wines and a cellar that looks like blast of the past.....way past.  I dig it!This place is great to hangout on the late nights out.  The patio has a cool fire pit where you can sit around to chat.  The outdoor bar is an extra plus! The place itself has a modern Goth look and feel, but don't let that deter you from drinking some more "reds" haha - unless Tom Cruise, Brad Pitt, and Kirsten Dunst appear at your table then it's time for the check! - Enjoy!
5	I think it's awesome that Vintage 95 only serves beers from Arizona breweries - way to support the local team!  When I found this place on my Yelp app, I naturally assumed I'd be getting some wine but I couldn't resist trying the Epicenter from San Tan Brewery, holy mackerel - is this a delicious beer! To eat - I had the Warm Brie with apricot, hummus, grilled flat bred.  It was an appetizer but it was the perfect size for a quick lunch time bite.  I can't wait to go back and try some other menu items and hopefully try some wines as wellThis beautiful gem has my full endorsement and I'll be bringing everyone I know here, well... the well-behaved ones anyway.
5	You're experience here will vary greatly depending on what you order. Even though the atmosphere says "drinks and tapas" the bigger, heartier meals on the menu are where Vintage 95 really hits the spot. My suggestion? Pork BellyNext Suggestion? Pork Belly!Out of pork belly? Bruscetta, but come back next time for the Pork Belly. PS - Kudos to whoever made the music playlist.
5	This place was absolutely amazing. I was there alone on a sunday afternoon and I was treated like royalty. I orderd the Green Chile pulled pork sandwich and it was the best sandwich I have ever had. -The egg bun was the best part. My server Lexi was knowledgeable and fun, she even reccomended a great cocktail that was thouroughly enjoyed.
4	Decided to try this place late on Friday evening for some cocktails. We sat out on the patio which I was very impressed by. The seating was comfortable and clean with a chill ambiance. Our server was very nice and attentive. I ordered a Jameson and cranberry, which is what I would have expected. Others in the party ordered off the drink menu and the drinks were delish!! I can't wait to come back and try their food!
2	My wife and I do a weekly date night and after reading the reviews decided to give vintage 95 a shot. We arrived and really liked the ambiance and decor. We each started with a glass of wine which we really enjoyed- from there they gained no more stares...I'm not a food snob and I'm not very picky. I do expect for the price to reflect the quality of food and service. Unfortunately it didn't. The servers were not rude, but the were complacent and disengaged. The best food we had was our french fries.I ordered the daily special which was a soft crab sandwich and my wife ordered the Ahi Tuna. After one bite of the Tuna we had to send it back. Again, we aren't very picky people but the Tuna was 25 dollars and it tasted so fishy, it was so strong that the noodles it was rested upon smelled and tasted fishy. Meanwhile I struggled my way through the soft crab sandwich, but I now wish I didn't as it is not sitting well. My wife ordered a burger to replace the Ahi, but it came out bland and with ingredients that weren't fresh. $14 is a lot for a burger and there are places in the valley that I think it is worth it - Deluxe burgers and Lush burgers being good examples...this burger was not worth it.All in all my guess is that this is a great place to have a drink and get some cheese or bruscetta- but beyond that it goes downhill fast. If you want the ambiance with a similar lounge feel but a much better quality of food go to Postinos.
4	Went there with a bunch of people from work.  The food was fantastic (meat and cheese plates with nuts, all different types of bruschetta - yum!)  I love the seating with the big comfy couches.  The wine was $5 on Happy Hour (gotta love that.  I will definitely be back.
5	I enjoy spending time in downtown Chandler and It's great to see this place doing so well.  Vintage 95 offers a warm and inviting atmosphere.   The bartender has recommended several red wines, all of which were wonderful.  I've only eaten here once.  We had the bruschetta.  You get to pick a combo of four and all of them had great complimentary flavors.  We also had the Seared Duck Breast with Chipotle Sweet Potato Gratin and a Cherry Mojo and it was excellent.  I'm an avid listener of local music and they have some wonderful musicians here.  I've heard Sarah Vanell  several times and another favorite was Vinyl Station.
5	I have been to Vintage 95 twice, and both times were top notch.  I love the ambiance of this place, especially when it's nice enough weather to sit outside.  There's a decent variety of bruschetta, from traditional to brie with pear, pistachio, and I don't even remember what!  There's plenty in an order to split, and I've also split a burger or panini afterward.  The turkey panini was crazy good.  It was one of those times where I was stuffed, but could not stop eating.  Sweet potato fries and a nice glass of wine round the meal off perfectly!I'd recommend this restaurant for a date, lunch with the girls, or other small group.  I'll just go back to daydreaming about that panini...
3	I've mostly been here for just drinks, and some appetizers.  I tend to sit in the back patio where there is a cute little atmosphere.  A note though, for the owners, why aren't there little twinkly lights on the trees?  It would make it so much easier to see!  I'm a young person, but I even felt it was a bit too dark.  So, the wine, can't go wrong.  There is a nice selection and somewhat affordable.  Food...The warm brie is so devilish.  You can't really screw up warmed brie, and that's the problem.  I have to avoid it because I'll just eat all of it myself and it's not the healthiest.  lolThe house soup is also a favorite.  Grilled Cheese croutons.  That's the only reason to buy it.  The bruschetta was bruschetta.  Large protions, but also average.  Nothing overly creative in regards to the toppings.  It wasn't bad, but I wouldn't go here for the bruschetta.  It is a nice place to get a drink with friends in downtown chandler.  Quiet, which lends itself to conversation.  Wine and conversation ... that is why I go here.
4	Wow...I really liked this place!  The decor was great - very relaxing and cozy.  The service was efficient and friendly.  Everything is great about this place!
4	A few stops in here so far and we're well on our way to becoming regulars. Vintage 95 in the Old Town Chandler area, replaces what was an embarrassingly bad short lived asian restaurant. The location is gorgeous, great back patio, a small front one too if you want to do some people watching, or just want to watch the turnover of restaurants in the strip, which happens so often that yes, you may actually be able to see them close and open within the span of your meal / bottle of wine. The service has always been friendly here, and though we usually come during "off" hours, it always seems fairly quiet for lunch. The food menu is not incredibly diverse and sort of falls into wine bar modus operendi, i.e. assorted bruschetta, sandwiches, etc, but for the most part is well appointed and tasty. One star taken away because the food hasn't always been mind blowing. So pick and choose carefully, and you should be fine...lets just say that if the item isn't normally in your wheelhouse, don't order it. If its the kind of thing you'd usually be ordering anyways, the familiarity will get you by. (The Green Chile Pulled Pork is quite tasty...but those words in that combination is going to get me every time) The wine list is great, the specialty cocktails are fun, the ambiance is a succesful combination of warmth and cool, and the service staff always pretty like-able. The business is still pretty young, but Chandler, we really need to be helping the good ones out. This is a good one, they've got a good thing going here. so lets keep them around.
5	We went during their Sunday Funday specials, and it was great! We got a cheap bottle of sparkling wine and enjoyed the adorable atmosphere. We also ordered the warm brie, which came with apricot jam, hummus, grilled veggies and pita - yum! This is a cute gem in Chandler and definitely worth a visit!
5	I think this is the best wine bar in the east valley.  They have a cool patio and inside a few comfy couches by a fireplace.  They give you a free cheese or meat board with a bottle of wine so i rarely need to order any food.  Prices are good and so is service.  Great place for a romantic evening or a few wine-o friends.  I have not had much food there but the free (with bottle order) cheese plates and charcuterie boards are more than enough for me to eat.  If you are not a wine person they also have some real nice beers on the menu including one of my favorites, Four Peaks 8th Street Ale.  Good to see them support their local breweries.
4	Have been here 3 or 4 times now and think it's a great place.  Nice atmosphere (inside and outside), good selection of wines and cocktails, and the food has not disappointed in any way yet.  The fish special is always good.  This last time the sea bass was great.  The scallop app is always tasty and cooked just right.  Service-wise, they have been attentive whether we have been at the bar or in the restaurant.  This is a great place to throw into your wine bar or restaurant rotation.  Slowly but surely the east valley is getting a few good places to go to and this is one of them.
5	new menu items are excellent, great service, great new Sunday brunch.  Ask about wines not on the list Gavin always has something special stashed away.  Great plave great vibe
4	Went there tonight ( Wednesday)  it was so relaxing.  Celebrating a mellow a birthday with wine and girlfriends. Service was excellent and price great. Wed they have happy hour 4pm-close. Nice wine selection and tasty food. Will go back. Hubby will like the beer selection and Scotch.
5	Atmosphere, selection from food to wine, service and the owners are AMAZING!  The bartender Jason was amazing in painting a picture for the food I was ordering and describing the varietal and origins of the wine I looking to select.  I will be bring more peeps to the loungy area during the cooler months because their patio is absolutely amazing!
5	A beautiful wine bar who's atmosphere seems more like your best friends living room than a restaurant. I loved the interior, the decor, the seats, the wine cellar, the secluded location, the wine enthusiasts who apparently also knows how to bartend. It was lovely and quite a surprise to find they had a list of bottles for half off on sunday's. mmm craving wine right about nowwwwwww
4	Great specials and yummy bruschetta. I would go back.
5	Completely head-over-heels IN LOVE.Found them thru Yelp and I was not disappointed.In fact, it was 100% what I was looking for.I wanted a place to sit down and have a nice long catch-up conversation with a friend while possibly eating just a few shared appetizers, or going the whole hog and having dinner.I arrived early enough (5:30-ish) to catch the happy hour specials, and stayed long enough to have just about everything on the menu.It would probably be wise to have a reservation for the prime time 6-8-ish hours, as the place filled up fast.We were sat at the couches in the back which were just fine, even to have a meal.The service was PERFECT.  Our waitress came around often and just at the right time, never interrupting and always ready when we needed something.Started with a charcuterie board (I'm sure I've spelled that wrong) which could be a small meal.Kept chatting and eventually wanted more food and drink.Had an amazing green salad, and my friend had the duck entree.Eventually we had to satisfy our sweet tooth.OMG - please eat the peanut butter creme brulee.  It was magical.I also tried scotch for the first time (they have several choices) and was most pleased.It was definitely on the expensive side, but for a nice evening of food, drink and talk, I couldn't have been more satisfied!
2	Had such great hopes for this establishment. We have been here four times pervious and it was great the food and serving portions were wonderful. Unfortunately on our return tonight they have redesigned their menu and portion sizes. We questioned the waitress on the serving sizes and she recommended that we bring it up with the Manager since she had, had the same response from several people recently. We have pictures of our food from the previous visits, because we are foodies and like to share pictures of the happy finds we are enjoying. The Manager tried in many ways to tell us it was the same size serving, even though the picture was way more bountiful on all of the previous visits. We finally gave up on trying to discuss it with him and went about our dining experience. Nothing was the same even the combinations on the bruchetta board was different. You can definitely tell that they have scaled everything back to save on cost and possibly even changed food distributors. We are very sad because we probably won't go back and we had been so excited to have a place like this so close to home. We hope they change and if they do please let us know.
5	Brace yourself - there is absolutely nothing about Vintage 95 that isn't awesome...Food - cool, trendy, deliciousService - friendly, professionalDrinks - cool, trendy, yummyAtmosphere - warm, inviting, festiveLove this place for romantic dinner, happy hour with friends or after dinner drinks, dessert and music....sooo glad we have this place in Chandler!
5	This is my new FAVORITE Place to go in downtown Chandler!!!! The atmosphere is wonderful (I can't wait for patio weather to sit out on their gorgeous patio!) I love the exposed brick and older building feel...makes me feel like I'm back home (Pennsylvania) when I'm inside the place. The food is INCREDIBLE!! Honestly, the brushetta is some of the best I've had. I compare all wine bar brushettas to Postino's which is one of my favorite, and I gotta say this is right up there. The one with the salami and ricotta is probably my favorite, it's to die for!! The pistachio/date or fig/with a maple flavor is also a fav. Honestly they are ALL good...the artichoke one is another fav...I could go on and on ;-) I had one of the dinner specials a few weeks ago, a monk fish over gnocci with an asparagus creme sauce...OH MY! It was SOOO good. I hope they special it again. A friend had their tomato bisque soup and their fries and I tried both and they were great. The fries are addictive. The wine list is huge and I haven't been disappointed yet. I've tried their chocolate dessert which was wonderful. Our service has always been on-point as well. They have a great happy hour special if you order a bottle you get a FREE brushetta plate or the meat plate...you just can't beat that!! If you haven't been there GO...you won't regret it!!
5	This may be my new favorite place to eat in Chandler. If you are looking for a very good meal, this is the place to take that someone special.We went on a Friday night around 8pm and sat on the back patio. I started with the cheese tray, had some fantastic cheeses I had never had before.Then I had a cup of the tomato soup. My biggest mistake, getting a cup and not a bowl. So rich and creamy. was fantastic.For dinner I had the pork and my wife had the grouper. Both of us were very happy with our choices. If there was one disappointment it was the chocolate tort we shared for desert. I would not order that again, but the rest of the meal was so fantastic that I almost forgot we even had desert. Great service too. I could not be happier, will be back.
4	First time here this evening and overall very pleased with my experience!Negatives:- icy initial reception by hostess. She was not friendly.- no happy hour food items- I wasn't a fan of their white blendPositives:- great service. He was friendly, quick, and attentive. - loved the atmosphere. Warm, cozy, visually appealing - the whole place is beautiful!- FOOD IS AMAZING! We had the bruschetta sampler, smoked tomato bisque with grilled cheese croutons (genius), mixed fries, and pear salad. Everything was beautifully presented and delicious! Fantastic!We only had time for one glass of wine. I will definitely be back to try more! Great place!
5	Love it here! Great food and drinks and the staff is amazing!
5	My buddy and I were looking for a late night option last night (around 9:30), and stumbled across this place thanks to my handy dandy Yelp app.  We were seated outside, which was lovely, and we got the bruschetta (the one with pancetta and mushrooms was ridic).  Then we got some of their tomato bisque soup, and the Italian flatbread.  I wasn't crazy about the tuna or the salmon options on the bruschetta, but almost everything else was spot on.  Yes, we dunked the flatbread in the soup - and it was ideal.Great service, great ambiance, and right across the street from Paleta's Betty - which, consequently, has the best popsicle EVER (the orange creamsicle).  All in all, it was a great night and I look forward to going back and trying their entrees!
5	We were here the first week of October for a private party on the patio.  It was a rehearsal dinner so every detail needed to be met - nobody wants the bride to freak out.  Vintage 95 was great in every way.  The food was phenomenal; very different but still well balanced.  The ambiance was perfect.  Luckily for us, the weather was in our favor that night as well.  The wine and beer were ever-flowing thanks to great servers/bartenders.  They never let my glass stay empty and even remembered what I was drinking; not an easy task for a party of that size.  Unfortunately, I live in the bay area of California or else I'd be back on a regular basis.  For all you lucky Phoenicians, you ought to try this place out without a doubt!
4	Great atmosphere and even better food!The Mister and I were in town for work, and we met a friend here for dinner one night. A company was having a private party indoors, so the hostess seated us in the cozy outdoors dining area. Our server was new, and she was a bit nervous. But she was super sweet and really did a great job. I think she was mostly nervous b/c the manager kept lurching around staring at her. He seemed like a bit of a douche.We split a bottle of Malbec, and it was delicious and reasonably priced. And then all of us were really pleased with our meals. Here's what we had:* Grilled Beef Tenderloin, Potato Golden Beet Hash, Tenderbelly Bacon Vinaigrette, Asparagus and a Point Reyes Fondue* Jerked Pork Tenderloin, Gingered Sweet Potato, Tostones, Pineapple Chutney and Coconut Cream* BLT SALAD Mixed Greens, Tenderbelly Bacon, Heirloom Cherry Tomato, Feta Cheese, Garlic Croutons with Rosemary VinaigretteAll our meals were great, but the beef tenderloin was the true star; if you're craving beef, this is a must-get. The dishes were a bit on the pricey side, but the quality ingredients made it worth the cost.Tip: Skip dessert and go across the street to Peletas Betty for some amazing popsicle goodness.
4	My first experience at Vintage was on Valentine's Day and sat outside on patio by the fire. Very classy and they have an amazing Sangria. Most Saturday nights they have one of my fav local singers, Sarah, she is a great performer. This is a great place for a date night or a chill place for friends to meet.
2	I am not sure if we just really had a bad experience or if other reviewers are totally crazy.After reading all the great reviews about Vintage 95 we (myself, the hubby and two other couples) decided to venture here.Things we did like: The patio is super cute and quaint.  We had some great weather and our server Eric was fantastic.  Plus they had one of my favorite wines-Dr. Loosen Reisling.Now on to the bad.We tried the bruschetta which according to many reviews was top notch.  We only tried the goat cheese and bacon jam (out of curosity) and the mozzarella with grape tomatoes.  Eric really talked up the bacon jam making it seem like it would be the most amazing thing I've ever tasted.  It was the complete opposite.  It was very underwhelming and loaded with salt.  I had the ahi tuna dish which was pretty good but again-loaded with salt.  I felt so dehydrated the next day from all the salt I had!My hubby ordered a burger which came over cooked.  He returned it to the kitchen and they corrected it.But this is the really bad.3 of our friends ordered the stuffed poblano.  It sounded like it would be delish.  One of my friends said that hers was cold inside.  Like flat out cold.  Gross.  Then her hubby and our other friend that ordered it said the same thing.  We informed Eric who returned them to the kitchen.  The manager came out to offer his apology and informed them that it would be 5-6 minutes for them to return.  15 minutes later they did.  The EXACT same dishes, not reheated but simply piled with new sauce AND when they brought them back to the table they had no idea who's plate was who's.  The gal that brought them back just set them down like they were brand new dishes-totally ignoring the fact that one of them had been cut into pieces!  SO TACKY.Needless to say everyone was totally disgusted at that point.  We once again told Eric and he was more then apologetic.  I felt really bad for him actually.  And once again we received a visit from the manager.  He whisked the dishes away and promptly took an order for some salads for them.  Which they actually liked.  I really tried to give this place 2 stars. I mean in the end the service we received was exceptional.  The manager was more then gracious about the situation and rectified the problem, I just can't do it though. We will not be back.Ok so after I posted my original review I received the absolute most sincere email from the manager Gavin.  Because of this email I changed my review to two stars and all of us that attended the other night said we would be willing to give it another shot (maybe not order food) because of his email. Plus they did have a great atmosphere on the patio and a great wine list :) I have had bad experiences before and have voiced my opinion but I have never had a manager take the time to review my posted comments and contact me.  So you know never know...maybe we will be back and fingers-crossed our experience will be much better.
3	Nice atmosphere but the food didn't quite measure up.  Great live music and Wednesday wine specials were good.  Rock shrimp was tasty but cold.  Flatbread was tough and toppings a bit bland.  Chocolate brownie good but apple crisp fell flat.  Will try another eatery next time in the area.
5	I love this place. Everything is great. The tomato bisque is to die for, and the chicken panini is a regular order for me. Their bruchetta is comparable to Postinos, if you've been there, and the other cheese, olive, meat, etc. appetizers are big and delicious. I'd recommend this place over any in Downtown Chandler. It's my favorite! Seating is good inside and outside (huge fire pit is fun for big groups to sit around). I heard the Sunday brunch specials are also really awesome. It's a little pricier, but worth the quality and amount of food you get with each plate.
4	We have been in for lunch many times working in Downtown Chandler and it has always been very good.  Decided to try it for dinner with my husband.  Food was absolutely amazing.   Hubby had the tenderloin and I had the Rib-eye.  Both were done to perfection and the sides were wonderful as well.  Portion sizes were generous without being massive. We both had a glass of wine and the wine list is pretty good if a bit pricey.  The ambiance and decor are outstanding.  The only reason I did not give it five stars was the fact that the waiter who has served me at least 10 times for lunch didn't even begin to recognize me and asked if we had ever been there before, he was also a little on the slow side for refills. There was no bread either which we thought odd.
4	i like the relaxed atmosphere of this place. it's nice and dark for a dinner date and comfortable enough to grab just a glass of wine at the bar. food here is about average. there was really nothing stand out that we had during our meal but everything was cooked well and served nice and hot. service is also good, with waiters/waitresses being friendly and attentive.bar staff is pretty nice however it gets a little crazy for them during the dinner rush and you could be left waiting for a drink for a while.this place also has a lovely patio that is well equipped with heaters and a large fire pit. while i know it gets a little too cold in the winter to sit outside, this patio is perfect for fall and even summer nights. all in all a decent place in chandler for some relatively swank ambiance and a good wine selection.
3	I went there a few weeks ago with a buddy of mine and it was fairly busy, great drink selection,friendly staff, and decent appetizer selection. We got one with Brie,hummus, flatbread with zucchini, I can't remember the name, but it wasn't too bad. We also got I believe it was called rockin shrimp? And I was surprised how much shrimp actually came with it, and it was pretty good!
4	Very good chow and great service. It appeared to be patronized by housewives during my one, lunch time visit. Not that tree is anything wrong with that.Came back during the evening for a glass of wine. Still a nice place with mixed crowd. I wasn't sure about the two unsupervised kids taking up the couch, playing Angry Birds on mom's and dad's iPhones. Somewhat inappropriate, in my opinion.
5	Bruschetta was amazing. Ambiance was perfect for a valntines day date. Service was great.
4	I decided to check out Vintage 95 after reading reviews on Yelp and am so happy we checked it out.  My boyfriend and I arrived around 8 and there was an hour wait. We luckily found seats at the bar and ordered the bruschetta and a few glasses of  wine until our table was ready. The bruschetta in my opinion is not as good as Postinos, but was still very tasty.  I was not that hungry after the bruschetta so I just had the tomato bisque and the ricotta salad. Both were delicious. My boyfriend had the Tenderloin and was also great. The patio is great and had a fun vibe. Service was wonderful. I will defiantly be back and have been telling my friends.
5	We absolutely love the Sunday brunch! As far as ambiance it doesn't get any better, just an awesome neighborhood place. Emily is so knowledgeable and knows the perfect time to check in and refill water. Loved the bacon cheese grits!!!  The pulled pork chilaquiles were fantastic and you can order a tapas size or entree size but the smaller portion was perfect. They have games and you can sit, drink and make it a Sunday fun day and don't forget a sorbet infused mimosa. Also you can linger on the back patio and have a relaxing environment, around the fire if the weather is cool. Live music for brunch. Just a great local place with good food.
5	Fun games, coach and fire!  And great food...
5	Cool little spot. Love the bar and the couches for lounging and enjoying a glass of vino. Food is also really nice. I love the beet salad with chicken. There is something about the chicken, always moist and flavorful. Highly recommend...
4	Great service, food was definitely delicious (Recommend the Burger). Live music on the weekends which makes it a long wait for a table but certainly worth it.
3	The rock shrimp appetizer was amazing... But the thrill ended there. I think the main problem is, I'm a huge fan of Postino's and Vin95 tried, didn't compare. This was the first time in my life that a hostess actually gave us a time that we had to leave, "we have a table finishing up dessert and we'll seat you there, but the table is reserved for 7:45". *blink* so we have to vacate the table by that time? Interesting strategy. I had bruschetta and can't say much about any of my selections. My husband had the seared ahi and it was nice. I had a glass of wine and he had a beer - only one, since we weren't offered another beverage until our meal was complete and plates were cleared.
5	Amazing place!  Food was awesome...all locally sourced and fresh. Wonderful blend of textures, flavors, colors etc. All the little things that discriminating foodies like, such as really hot plates, interesting cups and glasses, huge wine list and eclectic apps. Our waiter was sharp, and not pushy. Live music was fun and the vibe was really cool. We stumbled upon this place and struck gold!! I live in Colorado but would definitely come back again and again.
3	This place is cool, nice, interesting and godly over priced.  I loved the rock shrimp. Those were probably the only thing on the menu thats worth the money.  The wine selection isnt bad.  My bf got pretty friendly with the bar tender and thought for some reason that the bartender would have given him a deal.  But definitely not the case.  I dont mind paying for expensive nights out and such, I just dont feel this place was completely worth it. Just my opinion.
3	Great happy hour prices! My gf and I purchased a bottle of Malbec and the Bruschetta (which included four pieces). Our total came to $28, which is quite the bargain. The Bruschetta was not too hard--I hate when it's overly crispy--and we enjoyed the wine. Our waiter was super knowledgeable about the wines and friendly overall.We sat on the patio but the interior was nicely decorated and looked cozy. My only complaints: Snooty hostess and limited offering of happy hour food. You can only choose from Bruschetta and charcuterie.This place seems ideal for a small group or date night.Cheers.
4	I'll keep it short - go to V95, drink good wine & order the Salmon! Hands down the best salmon dish I've ever taken down - and I do mean taken down - it didn't stand a chance! I reluctantly offered others at the table to try in hopes they would say no before I inhaled this dish!Great atmosphere - Had a band, I believe it was Vinyl Station ( 2 acoustic guys, 1 w/ a gnar gnar beard) - incredibly talented - and most importantly, they had the sound and volume dialed in. It was ambient instead of overpowering.I recommend the Rock shrimp & ceviche app, Salmon, poblano entree, carrot cake and the smore's brownie. You're welcome!
4	Meet some friends for happy hour a few weeks ago.  Great place for wine and appetizers.  Service was good and food was great.  Definitely recommend this one.
3	Great wine.  There was nothing overly bad about it, but i also didn't love it.  Expected a bit more for the prices.  I also will avoid the bruschetta in the future.  The bread was too thick and drowned out the flavor of the toppings.  I did really like the steak however, I will definitely get that if we go back again.  Seems like a good place for happy hour, however, for the price i think you can find a better spot for dinner.
4	I love the leather sofas, comfy chairs, the fireplace, brick walls and the general ambiance of this restaurant.  It's very warm and very conducive to just sitting in conversation while having a glass or two of wine.  I had the tomato bisque which was very good and the rock shrimp which was also good.  I sat at the bar and the bartender was very friendly and knew his wines. My one negative though is in the pricing - too high for the dishes.   I'll go back again because I love settings in which the conversation is the art form.  Maybe next time I'll be there in time for happy hour.
5	Second visit to this restaurant.  Even better than the first.  Great drinks (Smoked Rita is divine).  Great Food.  Great Service.  I highly recommend.
4	Some of the best food in the area. Great selection of wines and very personable staff. Comfy atmosphere and great ambiance.
3	we went here last monday for lunch we were 2 of 6 people in the restaurant  around i1140 am, we were prompley greeted n a sorta glad your here way and seated and told are server would be right with us.are server was polite we ordered are lunch our only complaint is are lunch took a good 25 minutes to get to us with like i say 6 people in the restaurant. I asked are server if they had a certain wine on there list which happens to be a friend of mine winnery out of walla walla wa.she said she didnt know that she usually works nites ????????????i dont know what that means ???????? but did not persue but she handed me there wine list so i could try to find it myself ,by the way you do have it .
5	Delicious food, good wine, super friendly and entertaining service, chill atmosphere and live music.  I WILL be back :)
5	I absolutely LOVE Vintage 95. If you want to bring your girl/guy to a fancy, romantic place without spending the big bucks, head here. They have tons of wines and a big back patio with comfy furniture and fireplaces. After going to dinner at one of the many restaurants nearby, give to place a shot.Overall, Vintage is a very romantic place for a glass of wine...without the hefty price tag.
4	If you are near DT Chandler, stop in for a fabulous cocktail or some healthy eats! Great Wine selection and food is DELISH- Service is prompt and I have been back several times- Great place for lunch, a date, or a dinner with friends!
4	Great place to relax. Price? for the area, I'd say the prices are a bit high. Food was good with great presentation. Staff super friendly but the chairs could be replaced as they were very uncomfortable.
5	I was staying in Chandler for a month on business, and I probably ended up eating here 6-7 times because the food was 5 stars, bar was 5 stars, service was 5 stars.If you like duck--this is the place to get it.
5	Love the atmosphere! Nice outdoor patio + live music + wine  = great date night! Food is delic, warm Brie is a top fave as well as veggie flatbread. Hands down the s'mores desert is amazing - soooo good! Def recommend this place for something intimate or as a group. It's louder inside with live music so if you want to hear Convo  I would recommend sitting outside (weather permitting) since music is more on background.
5	Stopped by to check out this place and loved it.  Even though we visited a few months ago when it was very new, the service and food were excellent.  Wonderful outdoor area with lots of comfortable furniture.  I'll be back with more friends.
5	My new favorite place in the valley! The bruschetta was terrific - my favorite was the smoked salmon but the pistachio, date, mascarpone was delicious as well. All 3 of us loved our entrees - extremely creative and the flavored blended incredibly well. Great job chef!!
4	what a great find. We were vacationing in Arizona and had a wine tasting right around the corner. I had just happened to bookmarked this spot on yelp. And spotted it on the way to our wine tasting. The food was outstanding The bruschetta is a meal in itself. The smoked tomato soup was killer. Had the pork chops also great.  Cool vibe and the band that night was the Vinyl Station so cool I bought a CD...
3	Food was ok.  We ordered the pork chop and the burger.  Nothing special to rave about on either.  The big sticking point was the time it took to arrive.  Given that the staff far out numbered the customers in the place I still can't figure out why it took waaayyyy more than 30 minutes for our food to arrive.  Moreover, when it did arrive the mashed potatoes served with the pork chop were mostly cool (not cold, not warm, certainly not hot).They had some bottles of wine half price so that was nice.I'll probably give it another shot but I'm clearly missing something that everyone else seems to see.
5	Wow. Smoked tomato bisque. The best part are the grilled cheese croutons! I would order the salmon again, so perfect. Great ambiance for a date night or hanging out with a group of friends. Nice outdoor seating as well. Full menu at the bar is nice if traveling alone.
5	This place is awesome. Great wine selection, great food, and great service.  Try the filet.  Phenomenal!  Highly recommend!  While we waited for our food for a long long time, we talked to the owner and he comped our stakes. Good place!
3	Really good dirty martini's - however they are overpriced. Come on people... This is Chandler. They also charge extra for blue cheese stuffed olives. Again... This is Chandler. Let's get over ourselves.The decor achieves a warm and cozy ambience, however if you look at it a little closer you'll see that it's all a little tacky and almost homely. As far as downtown Chandler goes, they attract less riff raff however if I didn't live so close I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.
4	Great attention by the bar staff, cozy atmosphere with some wine by the fireplace.  Enjoyed our meal, but did not enjoy watching two wait staff downing a fifth in the "secluded" wait staff bar area between bar calls.  The charm of the place with the acoustic music made for an overall pleasant night.  Ignore the cheesy led candle lights.
4	Has a lovely decore and ambiance.  We had questions about wine and we were helped by a wine expert, who nailed what we were looking for on the first try. Food was pretty good, I had the sea bass - I loved the brussel sprouts with it but wished it came with a less heavy barley/gravy type bed under it.  My companion has salmon, which also came on a bed of some sort of heavier side dish.  I would suggest just letting the fish star in the show :) I may stick to appetizers next visit.  The bruchetta choices were unique and tasty.I'm going back this week with a different friend.  Great place to take out of towners!
4	Great casual setting and dinner was great!
4	Warm, classy, and divine. Three words that describe the food, wine, and music. I had the watermelon salad with salmon, and the mix of flavors was indescribable. My husband had the beef tenderloin (recommended by the waitress), and he was making all sorts of sounds and comments about how amazing it was. The waitress gave excellent recommendations, and we weren't disappointed in the slightest. The live music was phenomenal...the artist had the most intriguing and distinctive voice. I was sad when she packed up to leave before we were done. This place is a must-try for downtown Chandler. The only drawback is the price tag, but I believe it's worth it!
4	Can't wait to come back to Vintage 95 for a date night!Very romantic atmosphere, lots of comfy furniture, and live music on weekends.Sarah R. and I tried a glass of the Coto de Hayas from Spain. Believe it was the Tempranillo Cabernet? Memory a little hazy, this was our last stop after a night of drinks. Would totally order the bottle, though. Their wine selection is pretty extensive, lots of $5/glass options, and I know within a certain timeframe, you get a charcuterie board if you purchase a bottle. Full bar for all those that aren't wine lovers. Throw this one in your back pocket for date night, guys!
5	This has definitely become one of my favorite spots for an evening of wine! I've been here a few times and have loved it ever since the first day. There are so many great things about this place. I love the atmosphere and the way the place is set up. When you walk in you can grab a table or sit by the cozy little fireplace that they have. I love their outdoor patio. It's big and they have two fire pits outside to sit by. Another plus is they also have live music there every night I believe. As far as the food and drinks. I love me some Pinot Noir so I always order the Ramsay which is delicious. For food I've tried a majority of their bruschetta which is really good and have also had their Italian flatbread. They also have a happy hour everyday from 3-6  which I haven't been able to take advantage of yet. Their staff is also really great. Everyone is very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu and they really take care of you. All in all, it's such a great place to hang out with some friends for some amazing wine or also the perfect date spot. Take your ladies here fellas! They won't be disappointed. =P
5	Vintage 95 is by far one of my favorite restaurants in Chandler, and a really great date spot! From the cozy ambiance, to the service, to the food, everything is great! I've tried the beef tenderloin and the sweet potato gnocchi, and both were absolutely delicious. And to top it off, when I was about 50% finished with my gnocchi, the server came over and mentioned that the sauce didn't look quite right. Although I told her it was delicious, and I proceeded to eat almost the entire dish, she came out with a completely new dish in a to go box for me to try later. Both were amazing, but I really appreciated her making sure I got the full experience and it was fully up to their standards. Overall, a great little restaurant!
4	Sat outside last Friday night by the fire, inside they had live music. Great atmosphere. Never had a bad glass of red there and Friday was no exception. Sampled a wide assortment of bruschetta and talked for what seemed like hours. 95 is one of the few gems in that square. We will be back for sure.
3	The atmosphere is great- outdoor seating with fire pit is great. This is a pricey place, and for what they charge you would expect really upscale food, I ordered the braised lamb pasta, which was ok. Lamb was tender and sauce was alright, but chunks of pasta was stuck together.  They offered to remake for me, but why bother. I see people just come in for a drink or appetizer for the ambiance. Maybe that is what it good for.
2	First of all, credit where credit is due, the food was fantastic and they have a very good patio that was great for a nice Saturday night dinner.  Service, however, was somewhat shocking for a restaurant of this caliber.  My husband and I have been searching for restaurants in Chandler with good food and unpretentious service.  They scored big on the first count but failed miserably on the second.We dropped in at about 4:45 on a Saturday for dinner.  We asked to sit outside.  The host said that was fine, the patio was empty but we would need to leave by 7:00 when he had reservations.  That's a bit odd to hear that we have to get out by a certain time, but we never take more than 2 hours to eat so no big deal.We sit down outside and order drinks and an appetizer and eventually dinner.  Our waiter was ok, but not terribly attentive or friendly.  Again, not a big deal but somewhat off-putting.   I had the salmon (excellent!) and my husband has the burger which was also very good.  We finish by about 5:45 and ask to see a desert menu.   We are looking over the menu when the host shows up at our table and tells us we have to leave our table.  His 7:00 reservation for our table was there an hour early and he was kicking us out of our table.  "Luckily," though, he had a table inside we could squat at so that we could order desert and close out our tab.    He said he was sorry but he had to make these other people happy.  If we had just ordered a single round of drinks and mulled over them for an hour we might have understood, but we ordered several drinks, an appetizer, two entrees and were contemplating desert when he tried to kick us out of our table for a reservation that was a full hour early.  Had he told us we only had until 5:45 to eat and get out from the get go, we might have understood, but he told us 7:00.  We told him to close out our tab and we would get the hell out of there like he clearly wanted.  He came back and said that we could stay out our table the reservation "luckily" wanted a different one.....no thanks!!!   He ended up buying us a round of drinks but, honestly, by that time we were pretty irritated.I get it.  We didn't have reservations on a Saturday night.  We were walk-ins and didn't expect to be treated like we had reservations.  Had they told us that meant we would need to be done by 6:00, I would have understood completely.  I felt, however, that they thought it was awesome to be there when they were completely dead, but once "better" people showed up, we needed to pay up and get the hell out.   Fairly sure this was our first and last visit.  Really a shame, as the food was excellent.
4	Went here yesteday and sat out on the patio. A little pricey for what we typically spend on a night out, but great for a special occasion. We had the vintage flatbread, seabass, and their s'more dessert. All amazing and very very tasty. Great atmosphere and great service.
4	Had a great experience here. Food was excellent the old-fashioned is on the better ones I've ever had
5	We went here to celebrate Valentine's Day and what a great choice! We were seated outside in comfy chairs with a fire pit in front of us for for ambiance.  We had some wine and bruschetta followed by a phenomenal dinner.  We ordered the sea bass and a burger and took turns eating them both. My wife who doesn't even like fish really enjoyed my sea bass. It was delicious! Her burger was amazing too!  Made from Grilled Shortrib and Angus Chuck Patty with Tenderbelly Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato, Crispy Onion Straws and Cheddar Cheese.  Yum!!Our server was attentive without being in the way and allowed us to relax and enjoy our evening, never making us feel rushed or neglected.
2	What a disappointment! I went here with my date on Valentine's day.  We had a reservation for 8 pm.   We arrived and were sat immediately at the couch in front of the fireplace. I was immediately turned off by the band,  which was right there by us.   Do they really need this for Valentine's day?  Way too loud. Our server, Jordyn came over and asked what we would like to start with to drink.   We said just water for now.   She brought that. .. and then we waited. .. and waited. ... after 20 minutes went by I asked another person if we could see our server.   She finally graced us with her presence and we ordered.   I had the salmon,  my date the beef. After 35 minutes we finally got our food.   We were literally there for an hour before finally eating.   We should have stopped on the way for a snack. It took another hour to get dessert and finally get the bill.   2 hrs in there. Food was good,  service. .. well there wasn't any. Will NOT return.
3	I came here with the family for my Gram's birthday. Overall, it was just ok, especially for the price. I had their drink that had ginger and peach, was actually very good, but expensive. The husband had a manhattan and liked it very much. My step mom and I split the gnocchi and the bruschetta and I had the tomato bisque with croutons. The tomato bisque was very tasty, smokey, I would get it again. The bruschetta was ok... the prosciutto was a little on the thick side. The bacon jam was very tasty. The gnocchi, on the other hand, was not so good...very dry and lacking flavor. It was nice that they split it into two bowls for us. The husband had the burger and liked it very much, I thought it was good, but not a 16$ burger. Overall, this place would be fine if their prices were lower, but I guess that's what you get for being a semi cool restaurant in Chandler.
4	Great little place to eat in "old town"  Chandler.  The meat and cheese plate is pretty good-- certainly one of the best I've had in Phoenix-- but definitely not one of the best I've ever had.  Everyone else really loves the tomato bisque soup, but I don't because of the texture.  The bruschetta was definitely great, and the wine selection is good.  The only real negatives about the place are the following:1.  The servers didn't come around very often, and the pacing of the delivery of the appetizers to soup to entrees was a little long and a little off.  (We got our soup long after our entrees, which was a little odd.)2.  It's difficult to get a reservation, and when you do, sometimes you are not seated on time.3.  Prices are a little high.4.  The place is quite loud.All in all, though, I would definitely eat here again, and every person I've eaten with at Vintage 95 loves it.  Just wish they could feel a little more "organized," for lack of a better term.  There are little things that aren't perfect, but the food is pretty good!
4	Wednesdays from 4PM - Close they have $20 bottles of wine. I highly recommend both the vintage burger and the duck breast!
2	This used to be one of our go to places for a glass of wine on the back patio until recently.  We were there for an hour or so enjoying a cocktail and when we left, we saw our bikes had been stolen.  The manager was not attempting to be helpful at all and as we stood outside stranded, he never even offered to call us a cab.  We will not be returning because of how disappointed we were in their customer service.
2	Love the food, ambience, and drink but tonight we obviously overstayed our welcome. After ordering two entrees and a bottle of Moscato our server seems to want us to hurry out the door unless we are ordering dessert. Weird though because the restaurant isn't very busy at the moment and if were allowed to relax and have our girls dinner I'm sure we would be in the mood to order more drink and dessert. Wish Tim was here tonight because I promised my friend a great experience now I'm not sure she will come back. And I may but not anytime soon.
5	After writing my last review and then ultimately returning to Vintage 95, I was beyond impressed by the level of customer service we received.  I can't be sure if they saw my last review or not but who cares, what mattered was that they remembered who we were and they came over and personally apologized for what happened to our bikes outside of their establishment and bought our first round of drinks.  It really meant a lot that they remembered who we were and took the time to acknowledge that shitty situation.  We left smiling and impressed and will definitely continue to frequent Vintage 95.  It really is one of the best patio's around, some of the best live music and a great staff.
5	I wish I lived here, because I would come for the Bruschetta at least once a week! Their wine list was very eclectic and Jason the bartender was beyond knowledgable. So glad we stumbled upon this gem, can't wait to come back some day!!
5	I loved it here. I went here on a  date and the atmosphere was perfect and romantic. We had some bruschetta and I also ordered a salad. The wine and the bruschetta were great. Lots of options!I definitely recommend this place for a date night.
4	Loved the relaxed atmosphere!! We sat at the bar and the service was great!! Food was very good! Definitely will go back!!
4	I am far from a food-snob. I am much more likely to enjoy a PB&J at home then eat at some expensive and fancy 5-star restaurant. Go ahead, call me unrefined if you must.I took the girlfriend here to try something new. The experience was cool but I didn't particularly get enthused by the food. It wasn't bad... it just wasn't to my liking. With that said, the GF liked it. We ordered the bruschetta which was totally different. You actually pick 4 flavors out of 6 flavors - mix and match how you like. The flavors were not what I was expecting. We got the  Pistachio, Date and Marscarpone; House Made Ricotta, Heirloom Tomatoes and Basil Vinaigrette; Tenderbelly Bacon Jam and Whipped Goat Cheese; and the Prosciutto, House Made Ricotta and Fig Honey. The prosciutto was by far the most "normal" of the bunch in my opinion. The tenderbelly bacon jam one was interesting - like a smoky, meat, jelly concoction that really didn't make sense to my tastebuds but was still good. The pistachio one felt like I was eating a gooey trailmix blend on a piece of bread. Again, not bad but just not my style. Maybe someone who likes the finer things in life would enjoy them more than I did. Your mileage may vary and I think I would have enjoyed the bowl of olives more.I ordered the brazilian steak and the GF ordered the watermelon salad. For mine the brazilian steak was, again, different. It was more like a raw beef hamburger than a steak. Very flavorful but I could have used it less juicy/messy than it was. Still good. I'd get it again. The GF loved her salad.In general I kind of want to give it a 3 star review. It just wans't anything that wowed me. However, I feel like I walked into someplace that I knew was different and I got what I thought I was going to get... something different. I can't knock a place for doing what they do any more than I can knock McDonalds for not being a 5-star restaurant. For what it aims to be I think it does a very good job at. I'm not hankering to go back but if the GF wants to go back then I'd like to try something different there...... maybe the Queen Creek Olives, Italian Flatbread, Salmon, or vintage Burger.
1	Over served a belligerent customer at the bar who fell over in his bar stool hitting our table and spilling wine all over us.  Manager told us the patron was "done" instead he got the guy another drink.  Meanwhile our bottle of wine was wasted and shirt was ruined.   Service of the year award...
3	The waitress "Area" got mad when asking to fix umbrella. Serious attitude and was slamming stuff around to express to us she was very disappointed to have to move 3 umbrellas. Sorry lady, its a table of 12!The prices here are quite high. The drinks are good but seriously I don't see how $9 happy hour drinks are such a hot deal. The atmosphere is nice here. That's a plus. The service has just left us a bit flat the 2x we have been here. It helps to go with good company so it doesn't really bother you too much.
1	Stopped in for a pit stop and we ordered wine and a Manhattan. Imagine my surprise to look across the room to see bartender violently shaking a bourbon drink! Yikes. Bourbon should be stirred. The shaking creates a swamp water effect on bourbon. Plus it was served as a martini instead of on ice as the menu described. I suggest they rename the Manhattan a Bruised Bourbon.  Think I will stick with Barrelhouse for cocktails.
5	Giving these guys five stars because I can't think of anything that would have made our experience any better.  We sat on the patio in the back which is right against a parking lot but we quickly forgot that. The atmosphere was relaxed and rustic. Our sever John had the perfect balance of attentiveness without our party feeling rushed or bothered. The Bruschetta is the star and a must try! Be brave and try them all. We also had the watermelon salad and tomato bisque followed by the duck and short ribs. Everything on the menu was a taste adventure. I will be back for sure. It was a delightful experience.
5	Been here several times and was only disappointed in the guys who took me there on a date.They have moscow mules in REAL copper mugs!!! 5 stars in the bag, 'nuff said.The bruschetta. Is. The. Bomb. I lurve the bacon jelly/goat cheese and the date/pistachio/masrcopone ones. The others are simply slightly less awesome. I have enjoyed the duck (ate some off his plate) and the flatbread. Their drink menu is excellent, lots of unique mixes with quality booze like all the classy ladies like. I don't have a good wine knowledge-base but I hear they have a decent selection, the house cab was yum. Beers are limited for those who like Budweiser or Coors, you will be challenged.The setup outside is my fave, so much so that I've never sat inside. I like the comfy seats and the toasty fire pits. It's all very cozy and romantic. The tall heaters are nice but most of them look like the need to be euthanized. HELLO OWNERS, those aren't attractive . . . kind of creepy actually. Alas, still 5-star worthy.
5	Decided to meet a friend afterwork and had a wonderful time here. The Brie w apricot spread was delicious and the Italian Moscato is heavenly. The service was warm and friendly. It was a pleasure to know that customer's feedback is taken seriously. The management/owner is a class act!
5	Amazing little wine bar! They have some seriously wonderful appetizers. You can't go wrong with the cheese board, the flatbreads, the charcuterie board, or the warm brie... They're all to die for! OH, the olives are great too! I wasn't thrilled with the shrimp and tomatoes to be honest, but that was my only disappointment. One more thing I was simply so bummed about was they discontinued the rock shrimp and that was my FAVORITE. I still ask every time I go in just to see if they will bring it back. :) You just cannot beat the wine and beer selection, the delicious food, and the great ambiance. This is a must try!
4	Oh Vintage 95, I am in love with you! This place is fantastic.  From the modern decor to the eclectic menu options.  I can't say enough about this place.  Did I mention that I like this place?  I went here for a lunch while visiting downtown Chandler.  I have had V95 on my Bookmark for a while.  First, you walk into this establishment and it is a posh modern place of beauty.  This time (Early spring/Late winter) of the year is perfect for going to a place like V95 because they can open all the doors and extend the inside outward.  I enjoyed my bruschetta board very much.  My friend and I both had wonderful glasses of wine.
4	Had a great time here. Ambience is great. Staff even better. A little pricey on the Tuscan blend, $12 a glass, even though a whole bottle is like 20 bux. But I'll do it again. We sooo need more places like this in downtown chandler.
4	What an adorable place.  I've always knows it's been there for the last few years but had never had an opportunity to go.  Urban chic right in the heart of Downtown Chandler. The inside is really cute and comfortable.  Exposed brick, comfy chairs and tables all set in intimate conversation spaces.  There was a piece live band singing contemporary ballads adding to the ambiance.  We chose to sit outside on the back patio (there is a small front patio as well).  The back patio is really nice and comfortable as well.  Big fire pits surrounded by comfortable couches and other seating areas as well.  Twinkle lights adorn the entire outside and again, more exposed brick add to the vintage urban flair.  There is an EXTENSIVE wine list as well as some really interesting cocktails and beers.  We were only in for drinks but asked to see a food menu and that looked interesting as well.  I can't speak to how well we liked the food but we will try some next time.  The only reason I am not going for the full 5 stars here is that the staff seemed a little stiff.  The hostess who greeted us was somewhat curt and our server was good but no-nonsense.  There wasn't anything wrong with them at all, they just weren't as welcoming to us first timers as I would have thought.  As we were leaving, we passed many wait staff and not one of them cracked a smile or said good-bye.  Really, none of this is a very big deal nor will it stop me from coming back, I just wanted to explain why I didn't give the full 5 stars.  I definitely look forward to giving Vintage 95 another try, and another try, and so on and so on....
2	Dined here this evening on a recommendation from a colleague.  Ordered wine, brochette, and an entree.  The bread used for the brochette is way to think, making it more of an entree than an appetizer.  The entree came to the table cold for a hot dish. Serve shared the entree is par baked and must have not been heated up thoroughly  Overall not a bad place, just the "bar of expectation" was set way to high.  Maybe another try some other time.
4	Great place to hang out for drinks and apps.  In the non-summer months they have a great patio as well.  Services is always great and friendly.  The food is really good a bit pricey but great.  I would recommend this place to anyone.
5	Loved the ambiance here, and the service was outstanding. The waiter kept our beverage glasses full at all times, and even after we paid our bill, he continued to ask us if we wanted refills! I enjoyed the smoked tomato bisque, and this was the BEST tomato bisque I've had in my whole life! I was about to lick the bottom of my bowl. Apparently, the tomatoes are smoked for a while, which gives the dish that "smoked" flavor. Wow, I can't wait to come back just for the soup!!! :)
4	This place is cozy & nice. Atmosphere is good for date or gathering of friends. Our server was very nice in offering suggestions & being patient while we talked before ordering. She was good with water refills, checking on us after we received our food several times to ensure we were satisfied. The food was good. Tried the salmon based on sever's suggestion. It had a delicious sauce. Our drinks were also very good, a moscato that had a very nice honey / apricot aftertaste. Because it is cozy you may notice other tables conversations competing with yours, but it wasn't so loud I couldn't hear. All in all a great dinner.
1	I don't want to leave a bad review. However, as business owners, we felt I needed to. The feedback is the only way to change a problem. The measure of a business is not how they handle good situations, but how they handle mistakes, and every business will make mistakes. I made reservations well ahead of time for 2 I'm the afternoon. I stated in the online reservation comment box that it was for our 45th anniversary. We asked for a window table (only one) and for Nya, a server we had before. My husband got a phone call confirming our appointment and our request. When we get there the table had been given to someone else! We mentioned this and was basically told "these things happen". Land he gave a flippant apology clearly not respectful of the importance of this momentus occasion. The table was given to a young hip couple and by what the waiter said, we knew they were just given the table and had not reserved it well in advance. In addition my husband asked why they didn't put a reserved sign on the table and he replied they don't have any! REALLY? Any piece of paper with "reserved" hand written on it should do. They could have made everything right just by caring. Last person who appeared to be the owner or manager just listened to this and never intervened. We were polite, not disruptive but we were clearly unhappy. If I owned the business, I would have said, "we made mistake, I am so sorry. For your inconvenience we will give you a free drink, appetizer, dessert or a coupon, etc." or some other nice thing to do. I would have at least given a warm apology and happy anniversary wishes along with superb service to make it right. They were almost empty at the time. We did something we never do, we walked out before ordering and the arrogant owner/manager didn't seem to even care.! Like I said, we were polite, just unhappy that our reservation requests at an off time were not respected. We went (without reservations, of course) to another nice restaurant where immediately upon entering the door and saying it was our 45th anniversary, they treated us like royalty! We will never go back to Vintage 95 because oh their superior, snobby, uncaring attitude!
5	I loved this place! The bruschetta was delicious and the wine menu was extensive. The patio ambiance was very laid back with romantic lighting. They had someone playing acoustic guitar inside. Overall I really enjoyed this place and am very happy that it is close by.
4	Excellent wine selection, atmosphere, and the cheese board/salad I had were both lovely.
5	I recently held my friend's Bridal Shower here and it was amazing!  All the staff (management/servers) and Erica my Event Coordinator there were the best!  They were so accommodating with all my requests and went above and beyond in customer service.The food was delicious and the atmosphere provided the perfect venue for my friend's Bridal Shower.  I would strongly recommend making a visit to Vintage 95!
4	Went to this place before having dinner elsewhere.  I ordered the warm Brie appetizer and it was fantastic.  Next time I will stay and order from the dinner menu.  The staff are nice and the decor is pleasant.  I will return.
4	Went here for a birthday party. What a lovely place! Nice decor. The staff are all very friendly and welcoming. The wine was delicious. We got sandwiches for lunch- very very good! The S'more desert was drool worthy. I'll go back if I ever get a chance too.
4	My husband & I came here for our 24th Anniversary. We had a great time. Great attentive service. Food was wonderful & just what we had hoped for. The ambiance was quiet and comfortable. The chairs were thick fabric high end chairs. There are also couches if you want to lounge & eat!. We had the Moscato which is our favorite.
5	One of the best restaurants I've been to in 2014.We spent hours enjoying amazingly priced and unbelievable quality wines and then appetizers and food. I think we were there for 4 hours at least.Our server, John, was extremely attentive and knowledgable about the entire menu.My best advice would be to go during less busy times, like Sunday afternoons or weekdays. The happy hours just can't be beat.The Artisan plate was one of my favorites. You get to pick and choose from all sorts of meats and cheeses, that the waiter customizes for you.           A good tip with this is to ask for hummus on the side. It makes an excellent combination with the lavash flatbread, and the various cheeses and salamis (and blackberry preserves!!). You get sweet, salty, spicy and the whole spectrum of tastes, just by trying different combinations. every bite is different and delicious in its own way.The BLT salad and watermelon salad are both not to be missed..and it was great to have a waiter (John) who was sensitive to our tastes and was honest about whether he thought the dishes we selected were going to be a good fit for us or not. I can't recommend this place highly enough (I rarely give 5 stars), and will be back over and over again.
4	Table was ready for 4 and a baby. I've been here for dinner and drinks but never been here for Sunday brunch so decided to give it a try. Actually the original intention was to find chocolate banana pancakes from the day before but noticed it was only a brunch for Sunday- not Saturday. Looking at the menu the first item that caught my eye was the chilaquiles for $10. I've had it at a different restaurant and had to try it for comparison purposes. It was quite unique in that the tortillas was cut up strips and fried. Some were covered in Oaxaca cheese and cotija  cheese and red pepper coulis with some shredded green chili pulled pork hidden here and there and a sunny side up egg on top and some sauce. Not too bad. It could have had a little more sauce for the extra fried tortillas and a little bit more pulled pork. Others ordered the Bear Republic (chicken breast sandwich with avocado, lettuce, tomato, and bacon with a side of dill mustard like potato salad) for $12.50, and the Picadinho (diced NY strip steak, peas, rum sauce, Brazilian rice, 2 eggs made how you like and a side of seasonal fruit) for $16. A list of cocktails are also available like sangria and mimosa. Cool place for brunch.
4	Great friendly service.  I recommend a reservation though if you are coming with more than 2 people, even during the week.  Happy Hour is from 3 - 6.  Enjoyed my mojito - it was very strong.  Also the $5 happy hour garlic fries and the $5 brie cheese with bread and jam.  Loved the jam but not so much the walnut bread.Shared two flatbreads.  Didn't like the Italian that much (though it was my two friends favorite) but the Vintage was amazing!!!  So so so good!
3	They have chosen their eclectic wine menu very selectively. And their food pairings are very appropriate and tasty. But my honest feeling is that their pricing points are 30%-40% higher than they should be. They do try make good with it with the quality of their staff (especially Richard at the bar). But if you go in as a couple (even during happy hour) and have a couple glasses of wine each, share an appetizer and each get an entree, you'll easily be over $100 with tip. Good stuff, but not that good.
5	OMG, this is what eating out should be!!  Seriously.  Why go out to get a burger you could do just as well at home?  Uncomfortable hard benches and tables so you can't move your seat relative to the table, ordinary food, the usual fountain drinks, servers in uniforms with plastic name tags, etc.Well...not here.The decor is very cozy and homey.  You could almost be in someone's house.  Wood tables, chairs that move and are comfortable, and simple yet elegant and exciting food!  As I said, this is what eating out should be.We didn't do anything from the "starter" section.  Our starter was a bruschetta order.  Theirs is not those little 2" bread circles.  They appear to have taken a full Italian loaf and sliced it thick (about an inch).  Four pieces (there are six to choose from), all very unusual and unique.  This really is a meal all by itself.  Now I'm not really a cheese guy.  I like mozzarella, ricotta, paremsan, and such (i.e. Italian cheeses usually on Italian food).  These things have goat cheese, feta, cream cheese, etc.  I didn't really expect to like these, but this was a treat for my lady and she LOVES different cheeses.  Well, I tried them...and they were good!  I think I liked the salmon and pesto one best (I forget which cheese was on it).If you're a Spaniard you'll think of these as tapas.  And they are very much like that.As I had planned to leave most of the bruschetta to my wife (which I did) I had ordered the tomato bisque soup.  It was very good.  Very thick, which I liked.Finally, my wife had the BLT salad and I had the pulled pork.  I almost went with the grinder, but wanted a hot sandwich (and the grinder is cold).  Both were excellent.  I was a bit hesitant because my pulled pork standard is Joe's Real BBQ, and that's simply one of the best ever.  But this was a very respectable (and delicious) sandwich.  Most places I would not order the pulled pork because it is such a disappointment compared to Joe's, but this one I would order again.  It holds up well against Joe's.  (Joe's is a bit better but it's not a rout.)  My wife really (really!) liked her BLT salad.We were so enjoying everything that, despite being quite full, we ordered one of their desserts.  The lady chose the coconut tres leches.  I'm not a fan of coconut, so you can't really go by me.  But she loved it.  It was a large piece, and she really enjoyed the flavor.We really enjoyed the entire dining experience.  The seating, the ambiance, the attentive servers, and of course the food.  My wife was saying "best lunch ever!", and even posted such commentary on Facebook.  She was actually excited by the meal.  When was the last time that happened to you?  I'm pretty sure if you're reading this that it didn't happen at the Olive Garden or Chili's!  But I'll bet it will happen here.Sorry for the novel, but this place deserves it.  It's a tad pricey, but you easily could go to a chain and pay comparable prices for a meal for two that wouldn't be as good.  We will be coming back.  The menu isn't huge, so I wouldn't want to come so often that I get tired of it.  But I do want to come back and have another dining experience like we had today.
4	I came here with my husband recently for my birthday. Chose this place based on Yelp reviews since we live an hour away and weren't familiar with the area. We decided to come at 5pm, in the middle of what I read was their happy hour. It was a Sunday and it certainly wasn't crowded. There were maybe 2 other tables when we were seated. It's a nice place. A little smaller than I expected from pictures on Yelp, but that's not a bad thing. My husband and I both got drinks. He got a beer and I got "Ginger is a Peach", which was good. We decided on the bruschetta board. Of the four we tried, our favorites were the tomato and the salmon. Our least favorite was the fig/pistachio one. It just tasted too much like a dessert. It was the only one neither of us volunteered to finish. My husband ordered the New York steak and I ordered the duck. We both really enjoyed our entrees. I guess word that it was my birthday got out, because out came a dessert...it was like a s'more in fudge form. I expected it to be warm, but the fudgey part was actually cool. Not sure if it was supposed to be or not. I'd seen pictures of other desserts on Yelp even though there was no dessert menu that I saw and I would have likes to try something else, but the s'more thing was pretty good. Overall, it was a good experience. Our server seemed a little over expectant...always looking at us like we were being too slow even though that wasn't the case, while at the same time stopping to chat with another table like old buddies. But it didn't bother us much. The prices are a bit high, I feel, but the food is good.
5	My wife and I had a great time. Nice atmosphere, good food, and great drinks. The vintage mule is best IMO. Will definitely be back.
5	I've have only ate here once but enjoyed everything our first visit. We bacon bloody Mary's that where incredible awesome. We had watermelon salad that was some of the best salad I have ever had with there Pepper corn vinegar at dressing. The atmosphere was awesome the service was great everybody was nice chairs were comfortable. It was a great place all around and I have zero complaints. We will be back.
5	Love this place! The service was great!! Everyone was super friendly! The atmosphere was just incredible
5	Went here for lunch with the family.  We got the flatbread pizza, shrimp poboy and the burger.  Everything was great but our favorite was the burger and fries...WOW!!!!  Probably one of the best burgers we've ever had.  Environment was upscale (I don't dress trendy enough to fit in there, haha) and staff were friendly and responsive.  We'll be back
4	Great deals on 1/2 priced bottles of wine on Sundays, and food is good - not great, but good. Good atmosphere to hang out, and the back patio is great once it's a bit cooler. First time we went, food was burnt and had to send back; Manager apologized. Came back to give it a second shot, and was pleased.
2	Let's start with the positives- service was excellent! Our server, Maxwell, was great.Negatives-mediocre food priced extremely high. The bruschetta board is $14 for 4 different choices. The pistachio date bruschetta was way too sweet with nothing to balance out the flavors. There was a hint of cheese spread across the toasted bread which was so slight that it couldn't be detected. The bruschetta with the tomatoes and basil oil was supposed to come with house made ricotta. Again, the amount of ricotta on the bread didn't amount to anything. If it's so special, then give it to me and let me taste it!The salami and olive bruschetta combined two salty foods, thus making it extra salty! Did not seem well thought out.Tomato bisque was ok, but there were only 6 tiny croutons that when combined could have fit into a tablespoon. The menu description sounded like you might get some sort of grilled cheese croutons. Not even close.We also tried the kale salad with salmon which was good, however the portion size could have been bigger considering the price.Again, way over priced. I would not recommend this place unless you like throwing your money away.
4	Decent food, nice atmosphere,  attentive service.   I liked it,  but didn't love it enough to gush about it.  It's good, and the food was nice.   I can't put my finger on why I just liked it instead of loved it.   It reminds me of Postino's, but I enjoy Postino's more.   Nothing grabbed me to make myself say, "I can't wait to come back and have ... again!"However, it was good. Like when a date is generally good,  and you get asked,  "how was your date?" And your reply is, "She was nice."
2	So sad that this place has gone downhill. We have loved this place since it's opening. However, now that management has changed, the food has gotten pricey, the service lazy, and the wine mediocre.
4	Just had dinner with friends visiting from out of town. Our server, Michael, was excellent. He recommended a wonderful bottle of wine and it was a hit. Everyone at the table enjoyed their selections. The musician that night had a beautiful voice and the live music really added to the experience. We will definitely be back.
3	Three stars is for the flavor of the food. Unfortunately it wasn't well executed. So for execution I'd give it more like 2 stars.  The drinks took so long that the food had arrived before we got them.  But the food wasn't what we ordered unfortunately. The waiter was very nice and he fixed it as quickly as he could.  But even then the execution wasn't great. The turkey panini was flat grilled on dry bread so it crumbled as you picked it up.  The flavor of the bruschetta was good but again the execution made it hard to eat. The bread was sliced but the toppings were put on after.  Standard flatware isn't sharp enough to cut through prosciutto so I destroyed it trying to serve it to my table mates.  So generally we were treated well and liked the food but the execution just wasn't really good enough to bring us back again.
5	Let me just paint a picture...While I love Arizona and have lived here for 17 years it is always great to get away and explore the world.  I have traveled abroad and domestic to some highly populated and not so populated areas.  From the moment you enter the door you have left everything behind.   I lost the identity I am in Arizona.  The ambience is calming and inviting.  I was not sure exactly where I wanted to sit because each place is unique in it's own.  I took a wine flight suggested by our server.  They offer an extensive collection of fine wines.  He suggested proper pairing with their extensive small plates.   I prefer creating a meal of small servings to have the opportunity to discover new things each delicious.  The service is impeccable!  Pricing was very reasonable. With good company, wine, food and ambience nearly 2 hours had past.  As I got up to leave I was uncertain if this was a place out of downtown London or the hills of Como.  Needless to say I am grateful this is Arizona and has now been a favorite since!For all of us in Scottsdale, this is worth the drive every time!
5	Nice place in downtown chandler.  I walked here from the hotel i was staying at.  The hotel recommended it and the reviews/photos looked good.  I had a good porter beer, terrific burger with grilled veggies instead of fries, and how could i pass on the smores cake?I am giving this place  5 stars for the setting, good beer and service, but above all for the delicious burger.  The smores dessert was good, but nothing special.  It was like a dense brownie with a crust and marshmallow fluff topping.  It was good, but a bit too rich.  The burger was juicy and flavorful and came on a perfect bun.
4	This place is a neighborhood gem. I am surprised it took us this long to check it out. The building itself has neat history because it used to be the original post office in Chandler. Walking around inside and outside you can see how much love the owners have for the restaurant. We sat on the back patio with a fire and enjoyed the warm brie, bruschetta board, tomato bisque, and ahi tuna. All the food was fantastic. The service was a little slow, but they only had one person working the patio and there was a large party. We weren't in a rush, so we didn't mind. We will definitely come back with friends and introduce them to Vintage 95.
4	The atmosphere here is very nice - darkish and not too loud, only one TV over by the bar. Good place to sip wine and chat. The food was tasty but a bit sparse, you won't be able to make a meal of appetizers here at a reasonable price; but if you just want a few nibbles to go with your wine and conversation it's pretty good.
