4	Very happy that something decent moved into Carnegie!   The prices seem a bit high, but then I saw the portions (which are large and delightful)   Decent wine listings and cocktails as well.  I plan to make it a happy hour staple!
4	Interesting menu.  Website: A World Fusion Freestyle Restaurant.Really nice decor.  a long bar and 3 tables on the first floor.  Was told there are about 16 tables upstairs.  A little patio, too.Stopped in for lunch.  Had the Crab Bolognese.  Very nicely done.  Perfectly cooked pappardelle pasta, crab, spinach, zucchini with a little tomato and cream. Service was friendly and good.  Chef Bernie stopped by.  He has some good training at CIA and some interesting restaurants.  He said he likes to try new recipes and is making some  menu changes. A nice addition to Carnegie.  Facebook:www.facebook.com/OneThirtyOneEast
4	Great neighborhood spot in Carnegie. Definitely what Main St needs! The crispy swordfish was delicious as was the hanger steak. Service was attentive and we had a great dinner! Will definitely be back to try more items.
5	We eat out a lot and I rarely find a place that I can't wait to share with my friends and family.  We loved it here. Excellent food, service and atmosphere. I would highly recommend the pork chop!
4	This rating is based on 2 drinks and an appetizer.  I plan on going again for dinner and will update my review. My first impression when walkling into this place was that it's still new and shiny.  They've only been open a few months and they do a good job of looking modern without trying to be, too, hip so I'm hoping this will become a permanent fixture in the area. The fried oyster app was very good 4/5. I only gave 4 because my husband makes amazing fried oysters at home and has the 5/5 spot. The breading is seasoned and crunchy, and the oysters were fresh. Even though it's deep fried, the dish isn't heavy.  They also include this semi spicy, sweet BBQ ish sauce that we really enjoyed. For drinks we had wine.  Solid selection although not overly extensive.  I had a pinot noir and the husband had a sav blanc.  The wine was as expected.  It hadn't sat in an open bottle for days and the bartender was helpful in recommendations. We came 30 min before closing (because we're jerks and we were hungry for a snack other than pizza) and the place wasn't too busy.  That said, or service was excellent and at no point did we feel pressured to hurry and leave.  Think "fine American bistro with good service and no pretense".
4	A welcome addition to Carnegie's Main Street. It has great, modern decor and outdoor seating, always a plus! They have a very extensive cocktail list, and my favorite was the gin or vodka with your choice of preserves. I chose gin with a peach/ginger preserve (which comes on a tiny spoon to allow you to taste and then mix yourself), and it was light and refreshing. I came with my family and we had the bleu cheese flatbread and a side of brussels to start, at the recommendation of the bartender. They were excellent. As for my entree, I had the hanger steak. I asked for medium rare, but it was more on the medium side. Regardless, it was still seasoned well and I didn't feel the need to send it back. We split the Snickers cheesecake between the four of us, and it was really decadent, but a couple bites was more than enough. Great service, and really friendly staff!
5	stopped in for a drink after dinner. great atmosphere .  had dessert which topped off the evening.  have to come back and try dinner.
4	I hate to say you'd never expect a place like this in Carnegie, but I can't help myself!! I can't believe this is in Carnegie! It seems like a swanky downtown joint. But I'm lIking Carnegie more and more, and places like this is why!So as I mentioned, it's super swank inside. Dark wood, hip music and classy looking people. It's two floors, plus a patio on the bottom and top floors. We sat on the top patio, which was fun to people watch below. For an appetizer we split the Poutine. The fries were crispy, and didn't get soggy by the tasty gravy and the cheesecurds were good, I only wish there were a little more (I feel like there were three large ones).My main dish, the Faroe island salmon, which was almond pesto, tomato sauce, grilled veggies and asiago grit cake, all blended together perfectly. The taste was pretty rich, but wasn't overpowering. I was impressed with how large the salmon was too! It was very filling and I didn't finish it all.Honestly, the whole menu looked intriguing. Even when I glanced at the lunch menu the offerings looked tantalizing. It's definitely one of those places I need more of in my life!
4	I hope Carnegie continues to grow with places like this. The decor and ambiance inside are fantastic; the cocktail menu is as well. I had the malbec margarita--loved it!Beet salad is amazing, probably my favorite dish of the night! Worry that the prices might be a bit too high for the area but hope this place thrives as it is a nice addition to an up and coming neighborhood.
5	Dropped in for dinner with a friend. although we were not that hungry we did order a flatbread with onions and fruit which was incredible. we also had the brussels sprouts which were such a treat on the fall evening and were some of the tastiest I have ever had. We also had the 131 salad which had a flavorful dressing on it.This place is going to be very busy very soon. With that said on a Tuesday evening it was pretty busy and the service was impeccable.Will we be back..definitely.
4	Great staff, delicious food! Summer menu was a little heavy but done really well. We were surprised Carnegie has a place like this and very happy they do!
4	the chef (Bernie) held down the fort at Cafe Georgio and now has his own joint - I had the gnocchi Bolognese special and was blown away - reminded me of dining at a good trattoria in Italy - food made/cooked to order - nice atmosphere (we chose to sit in the bar) - plenty of parking - we will return
4	My girlfriends and I came here for our Christmas dinner - there were five of us. We made reservations about three weeks in advance. We had great servers in both bartenders since our table was in that area. They were great at describing all of the dishes and really attentive despite a busy bar. The only reason they don't get five stars is because I felt it was quite expensive when you're also drinking.All of the food was very rich, with generous portions. See my pictures for our dishes.
5	Yum!  A bit pricey, but yum.  We had the Brusselsprouts (great) and the bean soup (good but salty), as well as the scallops and short ribs.  Everything was delicious, if a touch salty.  As my husband said, the chef knows how to use salt. Modern and beautiful decor, and if you need a place to eat on the way to the airport this is an excellent fancy choice.
