5	The best that can be said of my golf game is that I am enthusiastic.  My son, who is a professional golfer, tells me that I can't buy a golf game - that you can only get it through practice.  Well, I have taken his advice, but sad to say, I can't get it through golf practice either.  But I do enjoy looking at golf equipment.That being said, the PGA Tour Superstore puts all golf things together in one spot.  It is a "superstore" in every sense, having everything from shoes, balls, bags, accessories, every major manufacturer of clubs,  apparel, and even golf decorations for the home.  They also have a number of cages for trying out new clubs, a huge putting area, and even a sand trap.  For those golfers that need clubs repaired, grips put on, or clubs adjusted, there is a shop at the front of the store that can help.They also have fitting that is available - although I have not tried that.  I do know that because they have all the manufacturers available, they are not vested in trying to sell any one brand.I had sold my old Taylormade driver to a friend of mine, and they had a number of year old Ping G10 drivers on discount (they happened to be the same as one I owned).  None of the drivers had the same shaft I had, so I tried all of them in one of the cages.  The salesman simply got me set up in the cage, and left me alone to swing to my heart's content.  I did eventually found one that seemed  close to my old one, but it took some time.  And more importantly, the salesman left me alone to find the one I wanted, without any high pressure sales tactics.My son has used the golf shop for grips, and bending his irons.  He was quite pleased with the results - they were ready the same day (he had a tournament) and done perfectly.The service so far has been excellent.  They help you if you would like help, and leave you alone if you just want to browse.  I have visited this store on a weekly basis, and think every golfer should visit it at least once.And who knows - maybe you can't buy a golf game - but it sure is fun dreaming.
5	I'll be the first to review the PGA Tour Superstore in Scottsdale.  Let me tell you, this store has EVERYTHING a golfer would ever want.  The store is massive.  The have a golf club demo area, a putting green, stuff for your home, stuff for your office, golf bags, golf clothes, golf hats, shoes, etc.  They had decent sale racks too.  Best of all they had two golf carts for sale out front.  One was an Escalade for $17000, the other was a Hot Rod for ONLY $10k.
5	I am not a golfer, however after stepping foot into the PGA Tour Superstore, I would become a golfer just to have the excuse to shop here! This store has it all and I mean everything. While I am not currently a golfer, I hope to call myself one (or kind of one) after taking the lessons I purchased through a local golf course. Since I am about to start golf lessons, I needed of a pair of golf shoes. Before searching for the golf shoes, I spent some time browsing through the entire store. They aren't exaggerating when they call this a superstore. It's filled with golf clubs, golf accessories, golf clothes, a putting green to test out the products and unique finds such as golf covers from different colleges...you name it, they've got it. Let's get back to the shoes. Since I am not a golfer, I didn't want to spend an arm and a leg on golf shoes, but I felt that it was important to own a pair. Luckily, this store allowed me to stay within my budget and walk away with a nice (and really cute... I am a girl after all) pair of Nike golf shoes. They were on major clearance at around 40-50% off. Perfect for what I was looking for! Plus, when I graduate from not being a golfer to being a golfer, I will revisit this store for some new golf clothes and accessories such as a Wilbur the U of A Wildcat golf head cover! In summary, if uou are a golfer or have a golfer in your life, this store must be added to your list of places to visit.
5	Many of the store people offered to help or at least said hello.   I needed to replace my cleats on my golf shoes but forgot my cleat wrench back home in CA  The nice salesguy offered to replace my cleats on my shoes for just the costs of the new cleats so I took him up on his offer.  The service was great and this place has a nice atmosphere for golfers.
4	Have everything you'd want for your golf game.  4 stars because they don't have a great selection of used clubs
5	4/15/2012      So glad we found this store while exploring Scottsdale. My boyfriend and I went in before a round of golf so he could try the new Taylormade Rocketballz driver and one of the guys said we could check it out as a demo. Had to show driver's license and they imprinted his credit card and we got 2 clubs for 48 hrs. Ryan got the Rocketballz and I tried the new Cobra Amp which I bought when we went to return the clubs. I hit the Amp straight and farther then my old driver. Great customer service and huge selection of shoes, clothes and everything that makes golf fun.
4	It doesn't matter if you're looking to buy something during your trip or you just want to check out the newest gadgets, this place is fun.  It's the size of a warehouse and stocked with everything golf related with a small section for tennis too.  You can find everything including clubs, balls, hitting booths, clothes, shoes...you name it.  The only drawback I've found is their pricing.  I've found that by shopping around for certain common brand items you might be able to find them cheaper at a place like Dick's but that is only for widely sold items and not for those hard to locate things that only the PGA Store will carry.  It's worth the trip.
4	Best deals I've found in town on Golf clothes. We also won a putting contest while we were there and got $25 bucks for it! nice!
5	Why did resist coming here for so long...?  I can tell you why...because for a golfer like me, it's pure heaven and an empty wallet waiting to happen!  All I can say is that this place is a golfer's dream.  There's nothing in here but golf....and it's the size of a Sports Authority or a Dick's Sporting Goods...it's massive!Aisle after aisle of clubs, clothing, accessories, shoes, balls, putters, and on and on...http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pga-tour-superstore-scottsdale-2?select=OgJHm9Klx82cfTrQkBsNEA#OgJHm9Klx82cfTrQkBsNEAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pga-tour-superstore-scottsdale-2?select=6VHjTeUXR6mW8A7ArvK-Fw#6VHjTeUXR6mW8A7ArvK-FwBesides that, there's an entire wall of hitting bays where you can try out clubs or get fitted for clubs that you want to buy.  Each bay has one of those video screens to track your shot trajectory, distance, etc.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pga-tour-superstore-scottsdale-2?select=mVUTrcnkqep8TYMWVQ_h3A#mVUTrcnkqep8TYMWVQ_h3AIn the back are a handful of instructional hitting bays where you can get lessons.Well, I was there to find a driver and it didn't disappoint.  I was able to find a Taylor Made RBZ 9.5 driver for $169.  I tried it out in the hitting bay first and it felt good, so I bought it.The store, products, and services offered get a solid 5 Stars.  However, the customer service there was a bit spotty....the cashier and guy at the grips area were very nice and helpful....solid.  However, the guys working at the clubs section were not so friendly...they walked by me several times and didn't say a word.  Since I was new to the store, it would've been nice to learn where to find a club or how do I go about trying out a club I want to buy...instead, I learned it on my own reading pamphlets and hard to read signs and basically making assumptions based on what I observed...they weren't that busy, so my impression was that they were lazy.  I remember Golf Galaxy back in Vegas and how awesome their employees were...if they could come here to this place, it would be a perfect fit.Return Factor - 90%
5	This store is the best-worst place in the world. If you have been here, you know exactly what I'm saying. And if not, well..do yourself a favor and get here.It's impossible for me to come to the PGA store simply to browse. I feel bad if I walk out empty handed, and while I'm walking around I get the 'spend sweats' because of all the crap I want to buy. There are hitting bays, demo clubs, a great selection of used clubs, and everything you could ever want in between with a great variety of brand names and products.Long story short, come to the PGA Superstore for all of your golfing needs. Even if it's out of the way or you're loyal to a smaller shop in your area, it's worth the trek.
4	An entire huge store dedicated to all things golf.From the essentials like clubs, shoes and bags to every useful (useless?) accessory that one doesn't need but feels compelled to buy, this store has it all.I didn't see many really terrific deals but the convenience of having everything you need under one roof is pretty good incentive to spend your dough here.
5	It's a golf haven. The staff is extremely attentive and friendly. The year membership is worth every penny. Never had a problem finding an open practice bay.
5	What Disneyland is to most children. This is a golfers dream!!!! There is anything you may need!! You are in disneyland. Enough said
5	Love this place. Bought my kids their clubs here. They had a large selection for junior clubs. Really nice set-up for hitting balls if you want to try a club out. Huge selection. Everything you need for golf.
