2	food was sub par and service was bad. Go somewhere else.
3	my husband and I ate here last night and the food was decent Taiwanese food.  For those in the know, this reataurant is very popular in Taipei for silk noodles.  The place is fairly new and looks clean.  Their menu has the typical Taiwanese snacks, noodle and rice dishes.  Squid noodles, pork chop fried rice, meat bun, stinky tofu,meat stew over rice, and many typical fruit or tea drinks where you can add boba.  We ate the squid noodles, house special silk noodles, meat bun, shimp omelette, milk tea bob and papaya milk.  It was good, biggger portions than you get back in Taiwan and a little more expensive with the larger portions.  Good place to share and try different dishes.
4	Although my family is from Taiwan, I am as big a twinkie as they come.   I've been back to Formosa twice but the last time was around 13 years ago so I was all over this place when I found out they had "stinky tofu"!!http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stinky_tofuIt wasn't as stinky as I had hoped but you def got a lot of it for $4 or so.  We also ordered the beef noodle soup, squid stew with noodles and the shrimp pancake.  All were pretty decent.  The boba teas were pretty good too..tons of boba, not much ice.  I like that its open til 2:30am too.
4	All you TW people out there know that this place is very well known in Taipei.  I know they have one in LA, and didn't know they have one in LV too.  Pleasant surprise.  We ordered several things, and they are all fairly authentic.  tastes like what you find in the streets of Taipei...but in a much, much cleaner environment.  Sure you can get better stuff in Taiwan, but this is certainly a gem in the US.  Will for sure come back here next time i hit Vegas.
3	I've been hearing that this place is supposed to be pretty good from classmates of mine...I first stumbled upon this place after almost a year of living in the Las Vegas area, as I didn't know anything past the Ranch 99 plaza on Spring Mountain. I was seriously surprised that there were so many restaurants on that street that I never heard or saw before. I had to check it out with Theresa B.So far I've only had their green milk tea, which tasted like good ol Taiwanese style milk tea that I love from San Bruno and was decently priced. Can't say I'm a fan yet, as I haven't had their food items....so I'm giving them 3 stars for now...
4	I sought this place out because I simply HAD to try stinky tofu.  It's the biologist in me.  Okay, and the foodie.  That, and I needed an Asian supermarket fix, and this place is in the same center as SF Market.  The waitress was kind of surprised that a very Anglo (red hair, blue eyes, anemic complexion) woman like me was brave enough to even try stinky tofu, but she humored me.  Maybe it was the goofy grin I get when I think I'm trying something new and unusual.  I was the only Anglo in the place.I also ordered a cup of hot tea (it was chilly today in Vegas) and a bowl of fish stewed noodle soup.  The hot tea was served in a styrofoam cup, but it was lovely, fragrant tea, which made up for the non-presentation.  It took quite a while for my order to come, but maybe that was because I counted three other tables of 8 and half a dozen other tables with 2 to 4 guests each.  In any case, I wasn't in any hurry, and just watched the food and the people as well as the football game on the big screen TV overhead.The stinky tofu wasn't all that stinky--I'd ordered it "regular" since I've never had it before.  I also thought that it was kind of bland.  There seemed to be a slight sharp Durian-like odor, but there wasn't much flavor of any sort.  The cabbage salad, with a very sharp vinegar dressing, was great.  Come to think of it, I don't know if I can really judge how stinky tofu tastes, because as usual, I spied a nice piece of pepper in the cabbage salad, underestimated the heat, and happily chewed away.  I didn't taste much of anything for a while.The fish stewed noodle soup was excellent, with some kind of root vegetable (white, but it wasn't potato) and bean sprouts as well as noodles and fried fish.  It was filling and tasty.I don't think I'd try the stinky tofu again, but there are lots of other really interesting offerings on the menu, and I plan to return to try them.  They also have a large selection of beverages, including boba, shave ice, fresh juices, jelly, milk tea, fruit teas and slushes.
3	Ay-Chung noodle house, used to be one of my favorites. Well, the sad news is since I am from the Bay Area, all of the Ay-Chung noodle houses seemed to have closed up shop so the only places I can find it now is this Las Vegas Location and in So*Cal.The only reason why I like to come here is for the Stinky Tofu, one of my most favorite things. Its stinky, but once you dip it in the garlic soy sauce thing, it is delicious! However, my mom made the choice to order the tiny cubed ones which were not as stinky. Therefore, to me it tasted like a plain fried tofu. Food was eh. The Crispy chicken was a tad salty for me which need rice to neutralize the flavor. The portions for the rice combo plates are very generous. Service was snappy. I wasn't a fan of their "famous" noodle, but more so of what they offered was what I liked.Overall I give them a 3.5 out of 5. For offering Cho Tofu (stinky Tofu) and for being snappy and quick. Atmosphere, felt a tad cramped but otherwise it was decent. Come check it out if your a fan of stinky tofu, for me which is a hard to find delicacy in the Bay! jk.
4	Ay-Chung!  Gesundheit!  So there is one o these in San Jose, but this one is more chic....  Tried the minced pork rice plate, pretty tasty.  Comes with some cabbage, pickled veggies, corn medley and half a soy sauce egg.  I sprinkled 2 kinds of hott sauce on and wham-o, it was hon how chuh ah.....I got a reco from a Taiwanese person that this was the place to go and it appears they were in the know.  They have a boba tea bar, but I don't drink much o them gopher poop teas.....til next time, good eating!
4	I've always loved Ay-Chung noodle house.  I usually get their signature noodle soup with chitterling but you never expect chains to be good at each location, I was very pleased to get authentic Taiwanese food in Las Vegas.All of the dishes we ordered were prepared very well:Porkchop riceOyster pancakeFried calamariSweet potato friesIced Coffee - delish!Beef Noodle soup.All worth trying, and price wise? - SUPER cheap.  If you're ever on a budget in vegas, drive down Spring Mountain Road and find yourself in "China Town" pick a place, any place. But I definitely recommend Ay Chung!
4	I'm not a fan of Ay-Chung's signature noddle. I'm a huge fan of their House Steak special. The house steak special reminded me when I ate that at the night market in Taiwan. I had the pepper sauce for it instead of mushroom creamy sauce. It's a little bit too peppery, but the taste is good. The steak is delicious. That would be my top pick. I also had oyster pancake. Note: don't get egg pancake and oyster pancake. Egg pancake is the same as the Oyster pancake but without oyster. I didn't know that. Their bamboo sticky rice is also a good appetizer to order.
4	i love this place, everywhere i  go.... i like the sizzling steak, and the little white rice with minced meat & mushroom and sauce on top.(its a taiwanese appetizer... dunno the name)reminds me of LA's infamous asian cafes :)
4	I am a fan of Taiwanese food and this place was pretty good. They offer a number of authentic Taiwanese dishes ranging from porkchop rice, oyster pancakes, fried stinky tofu (not a fan of) and other dishes. I happened to order the fried fish with rice dish which came with preserved vegetables, rice, fish, a hard boiled egg and napa cabbage. Simple dish but delicious!I can say this is a pretty good spot for Taiwanese food and is pretty cheap.
3	I've never eaten here but as far as I know it's the only place in town that sells Chou Tofu.Whenever I'm in the area I poke my head in and ask if they have it in, but at least 20 times they have said no.  Finally tonight we were going to Panang upstairs and I poked my head in and they said yes so we sat down to try it.I have only had stinky tofu a couple times in NYC and this is pretty good but a little overcooked/dry.  But it was a total superbite if you dunk a piece in the sauce then add hot sauce and a piece of cabbage - yum.(photo submitted)
4	great food, great place, awesome people. Sometime they out of their food...overall, one of my favorite place
4	Ay-Chung is a very famous and well known restaurant in the Taipei area of Taiwan.  They are known for their oyster soups and vermicelli where people would line up to get a taste of their famous dishes.   I took my dad here on our visit to Vegas to see if Taiwanese food has successfully taken roots in the desert of Nevada.  Their menu has quite a selection from stinky tofu, Chinese Sausages, Taiwanese popcorn chicken, to the squid and oyster vermicelli soups.  Since my stomach wasn't feeling well, I wasn't able to eat but my dad said the beef noodle soup is comparable to those of Taiwan.  Keep in mind he has eaten 30+ years of Taiwan beef noodle soup when he lived there.  Also next to us a customer was enjoying his pork chops which smelled pretty spot on to those served in Taiwan's night market.The customers were all Chinese/Taiwanese and I could tell this is definitely a big hit in this area because of the people eating here.  I will stop here again next time I'm in Vegas to sample to food instead of seeing and smelling it.  But from what I have seen, it looks pretty darn authentic.
3	keeps getting worse everytime i go, but i keep going!!!!lol the steak is not a steak, its a thinly sliced peice of beef that tastes like stove top gas... the one in ny is better... (of course!!!!)but i keep going, its the closest i can get to an SGV cafe :(i love the almond milk tea here tho. thats one thing i can always depend on! oh and the cream corn soup n mandarin salad
4	This is the 2nd Ay-Chung I've been to in the US, and of course nothing can compare to the original in Taipei.  There's also an Ay-Chung in LA, located in Focus Plaza in San Gabriel. I never liked it that much since once you've had Ay-Chung in Taiwan and you can't really compare them.  San Gabriel location's quality just isn't there so I was crossing my fingers when I came here.We got a bowl of Ay-Chung noodles: It was surprisingly good!  Way much better than the location in San Gabriel. The broth/soup base is much more flavorful.Also got the popcorn chicken :]  When a place fries the chicken with basil, you know it can't be bad.  We also got the oyster pankcake as a side.  It's not bad but they do use a lot of cornstarch.  A lot of places use a lot of cornstarch as a filler.  The pink/red sauce isn't bad though.  Also got the Stinky tofu. Wow they actually have the big pieces here. Most place in the states serve these small bite size stinky tofu and they're just not as good. I was surprised when they had the bigger ones. It's just much more enjoyable than eating the tiny cubes of stinky tofu.Of course you can't eat Taiwanese food without getting a milktea or some sort of drink.  The drinks here aren't bad at all.  I would come here any day rather than paying 4-6 bucks for a large down the street at Tea Station.They got a lot of the typical Taiwanese fare you expect.  For the limited selections of  Taiwanese food around the area, Ay Chung is not a bad option if you are craving some Taiwanese food in Vegas!
4	omg the chittering reminded me straight up of taiwanese street food i've been craving for oh so long. its not as good as tw obviously but i guess i can settle for it. oh, and the beef noodle soup works great for hangovers as well.
4	Visiting las Vegas this time around I found Ay-Chung thanks to yelp.  Living in the Chicago area for the past 20 years it is a rare treat for me to have Taiwanese food (unless I am in Taiwan or LA). It could be the lack of good Taiwanese food in Chicago talking but the food here is great in my book!Oyster patty,  stinky tofu, oyster and intestine noodles, and shaved ice...  Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!  I know some of the items I listed may not sound too appetizing,  but if you know Taiwanese food, you know where I am coming from.Happy eating!
4	I love Taiwanese food, but I dont get it that often. Been here a couple times, opened late so it was good for after work. I like their beef noodle here. Nice strong beefy spicy broth. BF doesnt like this as the beef has a bit of "connective" stuff, but I love all that gelatinous mess. It's part of the appeal of beef noodle soups is the tendon-y pieces. Yum actually. Got some rice plates and they're pretty good but nothing too standout except the crispy pork chop though had a nice crunch and flavor.Honey Kalbi ribs was alright with me, BF thought it was a little too chewy for him. Popcorn chicken with basil is yum.Their milk teas are good and a lot cheaper than tea station. Almond and honeydew is usually what I order. Mmm. And they have shaved ice for the BF who loves it with all those beans and condensed milk. It's a big serving too...we cant finish it together even.Been trying to brave stinky tofu. I've had it mild with some pickles on it and a spicy sauce and it was yum, but also had it where it's so pungent I gagged and I love stinky cheese/fermented flavors. I'll probably stop in just for this one of these days.I've had better in LA, but this is not bad at all. Glad it is here and the prices are fair and usually a decent standard of food and service.
2	two stars with giving them the benefit of the doubt that it was a bad day, but normally i'd say one star. as a lover of taiwanese food, i'm sad to say this place sucks and is overpriced. i bought a mango slushy, crispy pork chop, and split a stinky tofu appetizer (small) and spent close to 20$. for 20$ i should be eating GLORIOUS food, not that.
3	Its a great place to hang out since they usually are not that packed so u don't have to worry getting kicked out like "some places" in town. I usually order green tea slush with red bean for drink. I like the oyster pan cake even some people dont like it . I mean of course it cant be compared to the ones in Taiwan or Cali but that's as close as its gonna get in Vegas. I also order the fried squid, fried chicken or pork chop rice when I go there. Even though the price has gone up but still more reasonable compare to tea planet.
4	I am a fan of Tawainese Spicy Beef Noodle Soup. The broth is dark, heavy and flavorful. It is a perfect soup during desert winters. Stinky tofu is very tasty, salty and stinky just how I like my Stinky tofu!
3	The food is not good. But it's cheap. Hooray for that.Boba there isn't that great either. Nonetheless a lot of FOBs come here because when you walk in, it smells a bit like the Motherland. Even though it is a Taiwanese place hah.
2	The decor inside isn't bad.  We tried the taiwanese meatball, oyster omelette, and sticky rice.  I think the cook was having a bad day because none of it was very good.  The omlette had the wrong flavor and way too much starch.  Maybe we should have tried the fried food like the popcorn chicken and pork chop.  Nothing like the food at Sinbala in the SGV.  It feels bad to waste all that food...
4	This is a place i go to a lot weekly. Not only that the food is decent, they allow people to study there as well. One downside to this is that they don't have many power outlets. I guess its a first come, first serve kind of deal. they do have free wireless internet at decent speeds for use. no password. First time i heard about this place was not this specific location, it was the original location in taipei, taiwan on my trip in 2006 at a night market. It specialized in their chittering thin noodle bowl. Aside from that, this place is good. Service is great. The employees are really nice. Prices are pretty average for a chinese, or should i say, taiwanese restaurant. They have various appetizers like fried chicken (not KFC kind... small battered boneless chicken pieces fried) to even stinky tofu (not exactly the same as ones some people may have tried in Taiwan or Hong Kong but its still love-hate relationship here. personally, i still dont like the smell of it but alot of people love to eat it. One of my favorite things to order is the beef noodle soup and the rice plates. Good amount of food for the price. Decently seasoned. they have a wide variety of drinks ranging from teas (milk teas, jasmine teas, etc) to milks (strawberry milk, papaya milk, etc)  to ices (green tea?, red bean? some chocolate one??) with the option of boba, pudding, etc... also have shaved ice that you can pick your own ingredients. good place to study or socialize. little note for students or the younger population - they do allow splitting of the checks without questions. =]
3	i love how late this place opens, as most places are in Vegas. Lots of taiwanese food, but unfortunately, the food tastes so-so. the only reason i went back multiple times is because they serve stinky tofu, a dish very hard to find in the Southeast.
5	Attention! Attention! Here is my list:Appetizer:1. Stinky tofu2. Fried crispy chicken 3. Chinese sausageRice:1. Minced pork rice2. Stewed pork rice3. Pork chop riceThin noodle:1. House special thin noodle with chitteringStew noodle:1. Satay squid stew noodle soupNoodle:1. Beef noodle soupSteak:1. House special steak -------- my favorite!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Hot drink:1. Goji healthy teaTea (hot available):1. Coffee milk tea2. Honey tea / green tea Mixed milk:1. Papaya milk2. Passion fruit yogurt -------- my special order which does show up on menu :) actually nobody drink it beside me... I believe the owner will surprise if u order it!Slush:1. Green tea red bean slush -------- great great summer drink!!!!!!Also, Hot Grass is good for winter;Plus, shave ice is perfect for summer, which create your own shave ice (5items): red bean, large red bean, green bean, pudding, taro, pineapple, lychee, peach, jelly, grass jelly, almond tofu, peanuts, boba, condensed milk. Open hours: 11:30am - 2:00am
3	This is probably the best asian food to eat in Vegas... They have a lot of choices besides their very well known noodle. Do not order their stinky tofu, its the most foul smelling tofu I had ever experienced. If you were curious like me, believe me... try something else...  Do try their lychee slushee.Steak and Eggs. Yum.Edit: Came here again on another visit to Vegas and the service SUCKED KITTY LITTER, their servers were extremely lazy and we had to ask for water, napkins, refills on the water and the check took forever. Downgraded to three stars instead of four... shame shame shame.I came here twice before and my third visit was not pleasant, It was a big disappointment.
4	This is a great place for beef noodle soup and the price is very reasonable, especially for the amount of food you get. I came here twice while I was in Las Vegas over the holidays. The second time I came here I tried their pork and pickled cabbage noodle soup and it definitely was not as good as the beef noodle soup. The broth was really light and the pork was shredded. Somehow it just wasn't as satisfying as the beef noodle soup.
3	Today, YOU LIVE!!I'm about as Asian as a white guy can get.  I speak a little Korean, cook a lot of Thai foods, and used to teach Tae Kwon Do.I love to experience new cultures, and I try not to close myself off to new experiences.  Stinky Tofu was on my list of new experiences.  Ay-Chung is clean, inviting, and warm, much like the staff you'll meet here.  I started with a Mint Milk Tea...Mmmm mmm!  This hit the spot.  I love milk teas, and mint this one was just perfect.  I then moved on to the reason I stopped in:  The Stinky Tofu!!As the dish was put down on my table, it became immediately obvious why they call it "stinky."  The smell was just as pungent and formidable as everyone says.  I won't describe it here, because I don't aim to insult anyone.  I will just say that when you let things ferment, many times the scent is the first thing you will notice. It looked much like agedashi, or flash fried tofu.  I took a deep breath, and summed up as much courage as I could.  I took a bite, and chewed it thoroughly as to experience all the flavors.  To my surprise, the flavor was a bit more mild than the smell, but I couldn't take another bite.  I had a really difficult time getting past the smell; perhaps as a westerner who never experienced this type of food, it was just too much.  I will be back for more delicious milk tea, and to sample some other foods.Do yourself a favor, get off the couch and out of your comfort zone.  One day you will be a drooling fool with 2 taste buds and even less teeth; its time to LIVE!!  Come live at Ay-Chung.
4	Been to this Taiwanese restaurant that is famous in Taiwan for the Ay-Chung House Special Thin Noodle with Chittering (E1).  I don't think it is as good as the one I originally tried back in Taiwan, but it was pretty close.But they also serve Taiwanese entrees like Pork Chop or Fried Chicken over Rice, Beef Noodle Soup, etc, which are all popular menu items in Taiwan.  I have to say that their Beef Noodle Soup has excellent flavor, and I prefer it being served with the wide noodles. The beef is pretty tender, but could be cooked longer so it will be more tender.They also have a good selection of boba tea items.  I usually just order it without the boba (personal preference).And for those looking for a free Wi-Fi hot spot, Ay-Chung definitely provides it.Decor: 4/5 Modern look, relatively comfortable chairs.Food: 4/5 I like it, and the service is fast.Service: 4/5  They pretty much leave you alone after taking your order and bringing out your order.  So if you want to eat or surf the web in peace, this will be a good place to go.Price: 4/5  Not really a bargain for what you get, but will not break any wallets either.Overall, a solid 4/5.
5	i love this place! i love taiwanese beef noodle soup and it is very hard to find anywhere. the first time i got it was in Noodles in Belagio. A bowl there costs about $15 bucks. i read about Ay Chung so I decided to try it. i was not disappointed. the bowl was super huge. the noodles were delicious. it was full of yummy bok choy,and yummy good beef. not too much tendon either. some places dont put enough beef in their noodle soup. The price was very low too. so i am very happy i came to this place. too bad i live in Phoenix. Everytime i come to las vegas i will be sure to come here. Yummy!!
5	I was looking for a place with free wi fi and went to Tea Station yesterday but the wi fi wasn't working. I found this place via Yelp just a mile or so away. Boy, am I glad I did!The restaurant is clean and spacious, has free wi fi, two flat screen tvs, and a comfortable vibe. The staff is very nice, doesn't rush you and push suggestions on you. If you're like me and needed to finish your taxes or work they give you all the space and time you need without making you feel like you've overstayed your welcome.Of course, the food is good also. They're known for their stinky tofu, which I didn't order but smelled authentic. I ordered a milk tea with boba which was perfect. I also tried their Fu Chou fishball soup which was delicious and unique. To finish, two of us shared the shaved ice plate which was plenty for two.I'd give this place 4.5 stars but since there's no such thing I'm rounding up.Bottom line, better value and environment than Tea Station. We'll be back!
4	Aside from Volcano Tea, I go here for my boba drinks. Most of the time it's because we can sit down with our schoolwork and just chill there. They also have free wi-fi.I mostly get the slushes with boba. Red bean w/ coconut, coconut & mocha slush are the ones I tend to get. I tried just plain red bean slush recently, but don't think I'll get it again. I do like red bean overall though.I've only tried the shaved ice once here, but I don't really remember much.  I like getting my shaved ice in California.The food here is ehh.. I don't ever order food here (unless I'm really hungry and don't want to go anywhere else, assuming I was already here to get boba and then suddenly got hungry). I can't really eat the food here -- it just doesn't fit my tastes and its quality isn't that superb. The stinky tofu smell gets to me x___x.A lot of my friends know the staff here so it's pretty cool. Aside from the food, I like the place.
4	Tad slow service, but younger girl is friendly and pleasant. The beef noodle soup is great. The portion is huge and at an OK value. I would rather a smaller bowl and a buck or two off the price. A little less salt in the soup would be ideal as well.  Bubble tea tastes good, and I would def come back for both.
4	Ay-Chung is a great spot to get some Taiwanese food, drinks and snacks. I came here with family on a hot day and got shaved ice. The rest of the crew got various boba drinks. Everything was fast and tasty. Servers were nice too. I'll add another star once I have their hot dishes and liked them too.
5	Been coming to Ay-Chung regularly since they opened several years ago and always have the Beef Noodle and stinky tofu. Sad to report that they have closed for business (according to the sign on 5/21/11).
4	I think they may have closed. The sign didnt say they were permanently closed, but there was no indication of when they would reopen, or why they were closed. Bummer, I liked this place
1	I was looking forward to eating here when right as we pull into the asian strip mall, we see complete darkness inside the restaurant. We decided to park anyways and see if perhaps we came too early or today was their off day. Unfortunately, the establishment appears to be closed indefintely so if you are reading this, assume that it is closed until another review appears after mine.Food Highlihg: None as they were not open
