1	Dr. Shelly Friedman is a kindly doctor whose bedside manner is swift, but efficient. His office staff are nice.His billing methods are borderline fraudulous and his single billing person works out of state, never returns phone calls, and was a Class Act whenever I spoke with her. The same goes with the office staff in regards to billing.They are required to adhere to insurance companies' payment plans with which they have contracts. Mine approved a procedure after it met the minimum criteria to make it a medical procedure. It cost me $450 out of pocket, agreed to be reimbursed if my insurance paid. My insurance company paid to their agreed upon price of $227, which means the office owed me the rest. The office won't pay, despite their contract, and despite my insurance company stepping in and stating they need to lower the cost to the agreed upon price.
5	Amazing!!  From the moment you call for an appointment you are treated like a person they already care about.  Dr. Friedman and each one of his staff members are amazing people with a real passion for their field.   If you are thinking about going in, do it!  You will not be disappointed!
5	Dr. Friedman is the best. He and his staff are always so friendly and helpful. I am very happy with their service, professionalism, and quality of care.
5	Everything they said it would be! Starting with the consult; they were polite and helpful in providing me with the best options to suit my concerns. Dr. Friedman was very professional and the entire process was pain free for me, both physically and mentally. The procedure went off without any problems. The entire staff was helpful before, during and even now after the surgery.  I have thought about having this done for a long time and after my consult with Carly, I felt like this was the time. I couldn't be more satisfied.
1	Very slick operation...I mean the office.  Changed my mind within two business days of paying in full (MANDATORY!!!) and was charged over $1600.00 for nothing more than a blood test.  Was told by Dr. (after signing credit card forms) that most people require two to three additional transplants to be satisfied.  Assistant who tried to take my blood could not do it and Dr. had to take over.  Said she was new and didn't know what she was doing. She said she was doing what she was taught in school.  Embarrassing for her...uncomfortable for me.  Would NEVER go back to this office.  I will go to small claims court to get my money back.
1	I cannot agree more with the reviewer that said the billing was fraudulent.  Paid them, tried to cancel the next business day, and they kept $1600.00 saying that that part of the payment was non-refundable.  Will have to take them to court to get money back.  Dr. Friedman tells you AFTER you have paid that you will probably need 2-3 more treatments to be satisfied.  When I got home and thought about that, I realized I did not want to be on the hook for approximately $25000.00 to get good results.  It would be nice if they were honest up front and told you that.  Would never go to again or recommend.  BUYER BEWARE!
