5	Fans of Snow Ono Shave Ice rejoice. The bus is back!Please see http://www.yelp.com/biz/snow-ono-shave-ice-las-vegas-2It's great to see some cool owners pick up where Marianne left off. The ice is just as fluffy and the flavors just as delicious. Today was only a small preview event, so the full complement of syrups wasn't there. Honestly, I was always overwhelmed by Snow Ono's myriad choices, so it was a welcome sight. But I'll be just as happy when some of the faves return.One of the main reasons Snow Ono did so well was because of their excellent customer service. From what I witnessed today, it looks like Cherie and her family are keeping that spirit alive. Silky smooth shave ice served with a smile.
4	I happened upon this place because Roger T. posted a pic of some snow ono ice on his Instagram and they were doing a promotional tasting (which means free!!) so I just had to make my way on over.The owners were very friendly and so nice. They wanted my honest opinion and just chit chatted. They took my order and a few others after me and it was soon realized that they had somehow lost my order. They quickly made this up to me and very apologetic.We tried POG, Red Velvet, Grape, Cherry and Creamsicle. That POG was too die for. The ice was smooth and creamy and soaked up the flavors of the syrup oh so well. It didn't melt fast and it stayed the same from beginning to end.I definitely am following them so I know where the truck is. I can't wait to make my way back. This is definitely going to be a go to spot for me this summer when I want something  sweet, cool and refreshing.
5	I sometimes work in the Henderson area, so it was a coincidence that I was nearby for the Oso Ono tasting event. I dropped by after work to check them out. I remember enjoying Snow Ono Shave Ice during the last couple summers at food truck events. I'm happy that someone bought the bus from Marianne so that we can keep enjoying their delicious shave ice.At the tasting event, I had half mango and half wedding cake. I wanted a contrast between the two flavors, but I think they are pretty similar. I hope to catch them again this summer to try more flavors. It gets so hot in Vegas, Oso Ono would be a great way to cool down.It was also nice to meet the owner Cherie. She was very friendly and you could tell she's excited about their new family business.
5	Got to sample their shaved ice at the Las Vegas Foodie Fest being held at the Silverton this weekend. It's always a good thing to have something so icey cold when it gets hot from walking around all afternoon in the sun at the Fest. Pretty large selection of flavors and they also have add-ons such as condensed milk, azuki beans and ice cream. I inquired on how big the regular and large sizes looked and price. I couldn't find a price on the menu board. Suffice to say even the regular seemed pretty large and it was only $5 to boot. I had to go for the POG(Passion Orange Guava). That is one of my favorite juices growing up in Hawaii. A great combination that I suggest anyone to try at least once. The juice that is, but a flavored syrup is still good. The guy who made my pog shaved ice even told me if I needed more syrup to come back! Awesome!Upon tasting the shaved ice, I was surprised at the softness of the ice. Melted so nicely going down and hit the spot! Got the cooldown I needed!
5	awesome! we loved it and all the flavors were good. mixed mango and pina colada and was so refreshing and awesome! if they had a location we would go all the time! Might actually have to give in and get one when we go to the farmers markets now!
5	I had the good fortune of trying Oso Ono Shave Ice at the Yelper  - 89XXXhibition Block Party.  Oso Ono Shave Ice is correctly named .. DELICIOUS!   The texture was perfect, the flavors outstanding and it was served with Aloha.  I rank the quality right up there with my other favorite, Waiola Shave Ice in Honolulu, and Oso Ono has better customer service.
5	I wrote a little poem called Oso Ono U So Ono. Dim the lights please. Oso...Ono...Oo...soo..Oo..noooo.U so... ono.I like eat you right now cause is HOT.Ok I guess I'm not poetic when it comes to shave ice.  Anyways Oso Ono Shave Ice is very good and with 100+ degree temp hitting the valley you have to keep cool some way.  I believe they took over the Snow Ono Shave Ice truck and doing their own spin on that, so if you enjoyed Snow Ono you're going to enjoy Oso Ono.  It's smooth, doesn't have that crushed ice texture like some other places here.  The ice and syrup didn't seem to separate. It's cold and delicious.  There are so many possible combinations you can come up with.  There's Tigerblood, Wedding Cake, POG, lychee, azuki beans, the list goes on.  Add condensed milk and some li hing mui.  I recommend everything.They're all over the place so the best way is to stalk them on Facebook https://www.facebook.com/pages/Oso-Ono-Shave-Ice/279574162168938 or Twitter https://twitter.com/OSOONOLV
5	Finally tried Oso Ono after hearing about it from my coworker! I have to say I regret not trying them sooner. They have the BEST shave ice I have EVER tasted! Even better than the ones in Hawaii, no lie! Their shave ice is shaved so nice it just comes out so soft and fluffy it melts in your mouth, no chewing or crunching involved! They have great island theme tropical flavors and a few unique ones too like Tiger Blood and Red Velvet. You can even get a scoop of ice cream on the bottom and add condensed milk if that's your thing!The kids visiting on their summer vacation enjoyed it so much I had to take them again after they stalked them on twitter and instagram to find out where they were gong to be lol. I wish they had a store location cause I'd be there all the time!ONO for sho!
5	My son and I loved the former incarnation of this truck, Snow Ono and the crew headed by Marianne.  The new owners are just as nice and the shave ice is just as good.  I follow them on Facebook to find out where they'll be around town, but so far, we just go see them when they're at Biaggio's Pizzeria at Flamingo and Fort Apache since it's close to us and fits in with our schedule when we have a hankering for some tasty, icy goodness.  My go-to is a small sized banana and cherry with mochi, red beans, topped with condensed milk--yum yum!  It's a nice little treat especially with our desert heat--mahalo!
5	Oso rocks. Very accomounting. Mom  only wanted ice cream served up ice cream no questions asked even offered up chocolate syrup.
5	Caught these guys at the Sunset Park'd event today. They pulled in a couple hours or so after the start of the event, which was kinda a mistake in my opinion because it got colder and colder as the autumn day waned.Nevertheless, I wanted a dessert at the end of my day, so I braved the cold and chose these guys out of the dessert options because I remembered the favorable Yelp reviews. I had a medium(? - second largest size anyway) for $4 and asked for cantaloupe and lilikoi, no additional toppings. Couldn't tell ya whether I actually got those flavors, but what blew me away was how finely shaved their ice was in comparison to the shave ice I've had before. Really, really good mouth feel. Yum.Check these guys out when you can. They deserve it.
5	I am a shave ice snob. This is hands down the best I've ever had outside Hawaii. You know it's good when the islanders are lined up to get some :) best shaved ice in Las Vegas
5	My wife took me here a while back, and I always wait for the day I can make it back over there. Very delicious, enjoyed the shaved ice they have!
1	I have been craving a snowcone all day today, and I have been trying to figure out where Oso Ono is, I contacted them thru their twitter and Instagram and no reply, there isn't a phone number for them or nothing. I'm sure their snow cones are very good and I want one but I can't even find them!!!!!! Smh!!!!!! Disappointed in the lack of communication on their location.!
5	Best shave ice in Las Vegas by far! Brings me closer to the memories of shave ice from Hawaii. It's the shizzzzznits!
5	I'm not a huge fan of shaved ice but oh my goodness! Oso Ono has changed that for me! I had their POG flavor and it was so fruity and so tasteful! I was so in love with it that on our second visit to Downtown Summerlin, we just had to get it again! Even though we waited almost 25 mins, it was definitely worth every minute ;)
4	So good! Got to try their shave ice at a friends daughter birthday. So good and perfect for a warm day. Can't wait to hire them for my next party!
