4	B&B is a great place to have a few beers after work or a nice place to start out your night... they usually have pretty good drinks specials... I think that on tuesdays they have dollar beers all night... on weekend nights it gets pretty packed since they recently added a bar downstairs...
2	Went over to Brick and Barrel after dinner at Rock Bottom one night. Although it was a Tuesday night, this place was definitely questionable. It seems like maybe a cool spot to start at, grab a quick beer and then continue on with your night. You definitely don't want to make plans to spend quality time here, or invest in a night on the town here. Grab a beer, enjoy it, but then keep it moving, preferably before you need to use the bathroom.
2	This place is located right on the corner of N Tryon & 5th, so it's in a great location in the heart of Charlotte's uptown scene. But that doesn't mean it's anything really special.This place is always packed, probably due to its location & small size. They have 2 floors, but I've only really stayed upstairs (I hate underground bars). The set up just seems all wrong to me, but maybe I've just been here too late after mayhem has taken its toll. The bar is located along the back wall, & it can be tough to grab a beer if it's really crowded, but that's pretty much anywhere. The thing that irks me is the inability for you & a group of friends to really stand around & talk. There isn't much room to do anything, unless you love standing in really close quarters with your friends. Like I said though, maybe the mayhem of the night has already take its toll & screwed up the arrangement of things, but I think it's mostly due to the setup of the place. Brick & Barrel always has a line with people clamoring to get in, to become crowded amongst other people they don't know. Maybe if they didn't allow so many people inside I would like this place a little bit better, but on a busy night I try to stay away from here. So if you're with a large group of friends & looking to hang out & talk with them, then I'd suggest somewhere a little more open & quieter. But if you like the loud & crowded atmosphere, then this is the joint you need to check out.
