3	My Grandma loves coupons and loves getting a good deal, so when she had an offer from Target to get a $10 gift card when filling a new prescriiption here, she jumped at the chance. I had been to this Target a few times in the past. It is not my favorite one, and not particularly clean, but it did have an incredibly patient pharmacist who told my Grandma the medicare vs. non medicare price of the prescription and then told her he would honor her expired offer. This made Grandma happy and what makes Grandma happy makes me happy-hence the 3 stars instead of 2.
1	worst return policy in the world!even with a receipt! be careful if you do a partial payment with a gift card!!Experience 1 - I purchased Nip/Tuck season whatever ($40), a sweater ($28) and the Black Eyed Peas cd ($12) online from target.com. I paid mostly with my debit card, but I had used the last $9 of a gift card as well.I printed the order confirmation everything showed exactly as I ordered it. I get my items and instead of the Black Eyed Peas Cd I get the Nip Tuck soundtrack. I go to return it to the store. I can'y because althought they carry the cd, that portion of the order was fulfilled by amazon.com NOT target.com. So I bought the cd there in store and called target to find out about returning it for a refund and a credit on the shipping. They would only refund the cd to the gift card and no refund on shipping since the nip tuck soundtrack was on the invoice, it must be my mistake even though my order confirmation shows no signs of the nip tuck sndtrk. When I read them their own return policy stating simply that refunds will be credited to the original form of payment and since the cd was priced higher than the value of the gift card the refund should be credited to my debit card. The representative then lead me to a SECOND return policy that was similar but stated that the entire amount would be refunded to the gift card since i used a target gift card for a portion of the payment. Now to get to this second refund, I had to type the URL into the address bar of my browser. The rep was unable to tell me how to navigate to it from their site. There were no links to get to it. It was a static page that required you to type the address in manually. How would I have ever known that??Experience2 - I purchased some nice metal shower curtain hooks ($16). They kept catching on the shower rod tho as the rod was too thick around. I went to return them. I had no receipt and I paid cash. My fault.  I went to exchange it for a $65 mirror which I was told I cannot do since I didn't have the receipt I could only exchange it for something of equal or greater value (the mirror was greater) and from the same department. IT WAS FROM THE SAME STORE WHO THE FUCK CARES WHAT DEPARTMENT IT WAS FROM??Oh and I couldn't get store credit I had to use it that same day.
4	Gotta Love Target. If we cant  find what we are looking for at a local business then we go to Target. I have never had any problems.
3	This Target is approaching Targhetto  and moving away from  Tar'jet...Time for a cleanup on Aisle 5 and a major make over!! Reorganize the Womens clothes and get it cleaned up , pronto!!
4	I love this Target. I get my prescription's here. They have the sweetest pharmacist. I don't know her name to be honest, but she is always so friendly and helpful. If I ask her any questions she takes the time to either get the answer or show me where I can get the answer. Plus they have these great little colored bands on the prescriptions so I can keep everyone in my family color coded! Plus the store has been revamped and now has groceries. It is still not a huge selection, but it is nice. Now I can stop here and get almost everything I need!
4	I really like this Target! They've recently updated the store and their foodcourt. They also added a marketplace with grocery items.
3	Ok Target, your corporate color is RED.  We get it.  While sitting at the fitting room waiting for my son to try on new clothes, I just realized my eyes were burning with RED from seeing RED everywhere I look.  OMG, enough RED, make it S T O P.  Just too much red for anyone with working vision.Oh yeah, back to Target.  Umm, yeah.  They are all the same.  Good selection, good prices and a trusted brand for us to shop at.One problem I despise...the prices on their web site are always LOWER/different than the ones in the store.  And the store will not match their own web site.  Annoying and unethical in my book.  Target, get your act together.
1	So my husband and I registered at Target and got thousands in gift cards and merchandise- needless to say we brought them a lot of business by registering. So when we went to return a phone we didn't use, one store said my husband couldn't return it because his max return without a receipt was met ($70), but he did have a receipt but they were going to do it without one. So I went in a few weeks later to use mine. The phone was $40, no high ticket item. But apparently our receipt was expired and they refused to do the exchange. The worst part was that the lady at the return desk, was like the return Nazi-and was yelling to the other cashiers how we had an expired receipt, and essentially confirming across the way what our situation was. So, I asked to speak to a manager, she came over and after much nonsense, they decide to call for approval from the "return hotline". While she is on the phone, she doesn't tell them that another Target told my husband we could return the phone, (with the expired receipt), and essentially was waiting with baited breath to hear a "NO" for our return. When she heard what she wanted, she said, "well they said NO". The most frustrating part of the whole experience is how we were treated- what happened to helping the customer?? Especially when you bring in a ton of business and shop there all the time. BAD customer service at this store!!!
3	Standard target...Huge place!   This location is not as tidy as the ones I am use to.
4	Clean store. Staff was nice. They had lots of christmas clerance toys yay!
4	Love me a good Target.  Well stocked.  Generally clean and tidy.  We only come here once in a while since it is out of our way but we've never been disappointed!
3	It's been several years since I have been here.  It seems like every time I come they have done another major shifting of stuff around and I cannot find stuff.  This time it was in order to have a food section.  Not sure I would ever go her for groceries.  I must have looked real lost because as I went down the items on my list there was always some one asking me what I was looking for and they all seemed to have a pretty good knowledge of where things were.  The store was clean and neat and the employees friendly.
2	This target took out a that photo Center now they just have the portraits studios  it was nice to make your own photos and copies but that service is long gone stores pretty big they, The produce always fresh along with the meet.
3	An average Target, same merchandise and layout as the rest,,,,, but the vibe from the customers during my visit was 'drama'. It started with pedestrians walking, or standing, in the way of the huge lines of cars trying to find a parking space. Some birdies were flying :oThe drivers weren't much better, competing for parking spaces and being arses. While I was walking in there was a police car with it's lights on talking to someone a few stores down. When I went inside there was a Security guard looking for someone inside. On my way out there were 4 officers around a squad car that had a handcuffed 'Paris Hilton' look alike being helped into the back. I am glad that there was a heightened police presence, but I haven't seen that it's been needed at other locations (yes, I went to multiple Targets in one day, lol).Wasn't shopping supposed to be fun? I would have given them 2 stars, but it's not really the Stores fault that there were some grinches :)
4	We stopped at this Target location today because we were driving around in the Arrowhead area and honestly can't really pass a Target without stopping in, lol. As with most of their locations, it was clean, well stocked, and it had its usual assortment of tons of things to look at. I was particularly excited to find out a movie I have been wanting to see was on sale for $4, so I picked it up. This location is a Super Target, so they have a full grocery section, which is nice. They also have a little cafe with a Pizza Hut inside if you have cravings for a personal pan pizza or some breadsticks.
3	For the most part, I prefer Target over Wal Mart. Target is usually cleaner and more organized, but the prices are obviously higher. This Target is alright. It's a tad dirtier than most other Targets I have been to; most likely due to the sheer amount of traffic (this is a busy store). Overall, it's just Target.
3	As far as target stores go, this is about average. The staff are either or, some are friendly and know how to help and some aren't as helpful.They keep decent stock and carry all the newer and seasonal items. Super target is always a better option though.There is though this awful smell at the store entrance, wish they could figure it out and fix it..
1	Today I went in for a return without a receipt, prepared that they would give me the lowest price, which I was fine with and prepared for. They scanned my ID and told me I can't return more than $70 worth of  Target items in a calendar year! Wow, just wow.
1	Your prices suck and your selection is not much better. Not hard to see why Amazon is eating your lunch. Good riddance were it not for relatives gifting giftcards I wouldn't even bother with you.
