1	Apparently las Vegas does not have tacos at there burger king. I stood in line and when it was my turned I ordered 4 tacos and the girl looked at me as though I was crazy. She did not know what I was talking about, I told her tacos, you know like in jack in the box and she responded " we don't have tacos, try a Mexican restaurant". I couldn't believe she was so rude. However, I notice that las Vegas restaurants don't carry alto of the stuff restaurants in California do.
2	The French fries were wonderful, once I received them!  I did the drive through and when I pulled up I noticed the girl who was taking money was preparing my food. Who knows how much money she touched before touching my fries!!  I very politely asked for a new order of fries, they had a girl put gloves on and give them to me with a smartass grin on her face...  So inappropriate!!  I am entitled to be served clean food!!  A call will be made to management!
1	went Fri.nite at about 10:30 guy at the window sounded like lurch thru the intercom, very extremely dis-interested, being a medical worker, once I got up to the window noticed he was either high as a kite on downers, or coming down with a bad case of the flu,hoing for the latter, got home 5 mins. later had to sling eveything in the garbage, fries were stale, whopper was gross, fish sandwich was hard as a rock, I think they micro-waved everything I ordered. never again, I am contacting the company
3	Just down the street. Not much to be expected cause it's fast food. Mostly go through the drive thru. Gotta say I do like the Cinnabons they sell there now.
4	I love this burger king location it's not far from my house and the quality of food is sort of hit or miss but it's still good for what it is and the customer service is pretty good each time I come here.
1	I've been going to this BK since 2008 off and on. From 2008-2010, it used to be really good the food and customer service was great. Over the years, I noticed as a chain they have gone downhill. Because of the fact, that the food is no longer good, I come here maybe like once a year. Well, when I went in there at the end of July, I order the original chicken sandwich and it was overcooked and burnt. It was not worth eating it because the lettuce was brown as well. I took it back and the manager gave me an attitude and said I was wasting food. How am I wasting food when I paid for it? She did not want to give me my money back and after arguing, they made me a new sandwich. it was still gross and with brown rotten lettuce and a nasty burnt chicken patty. DO not ever go to this Bk as well as any location in general. BK just plainly sucks and this location turned me into not wanting to go there anymore.
