1	What horrible food!  And I'm a KFC fan... but I went to this location late at night (10:45) and ordered a chicken sandwich.  It was so dry I thought it must have been sitting around since the lunch rush.  The chocolate parfait was frozen so I had to wait two hours to enjoy it.  IF i'D WANTED A POPSICLE, I WOULD'VE BOUGHT A POPSICLE!  The employees were nice but didn't handle the food very well...The cole slaw was great as usual though...I wish they would offer a caffeine free sugar free beverage...
2	When the wife wants KFC, we come here.  I like getting their grilled chicken 1 piece breast meal with a double order of green beans.More than half the time, they don't have any grilled chicken breasts.  Or they tell us they're all out of chicken.  During dinner? When most of their customers come to visit?I hope they fix this issue with "running out of chicken."  It's been going on and off for the past two years.
1	Wow this KFC should've been the first one to close down instead of all the other good ones that got shut down!Ordered a 6 piece family meal, they give me ONE ranch sauce. So which piece of chicken gets ranch huh?Was craving Mac and cheese all day. Got so excited to go home and eat my Mac and cheese. Guess what?! They gave me mashed potatoes. Is it that flipping hard to get an order right? Besides the mistake I think the ranch sauce pissed me off the most. I get it, places are becoming more stingy, but ONE ranch sauce for SIX PIECE FAMILY MEAL?! Seriously?! If it wasn't because the three closest KFCs to me being shut down, I would've never went here. Never will again!
1	You know what I hate?  When drive-thru cashiers say, "Just park up front and we'll bring it out to you."  I know why they do it.  But I still hate it.  And today's experience at this KFC made my detestation of said practice even stronger.Ordered a Double Down Sandwich in the drive-thru.  I was told that it would take a few minutes because they didn't have any filets ready at the time.  And, to their credit, the order taker did ask me if an extra few minutes would be okay.  I affirmed and then proceeded to the window,After paying, the cashier told me to park up front.  Grrr, argh.  I ruefully did so.  After NEARLY 15 MINUTES of waiting "up front," I decided to walk my hungry self into the restaurant.  They'd forgotten about me!At any rate, I watched them make my sandwich, took it to my car, ate it, and then immediately crafted this review.  Wasn't surprised to see the low ratings given by others.
3	It's a KFC.  Nothing fantastic, nothing bad.  I will point out that Keihana (I think that's how the name is spelled) was probably one of the most efficient drive-thru people here and I like the fact that at most fast food places I have to check the order, but she actually checked for me before handing it over and found that they had not put in an order of large wedges.I mean really.  She checked so I didn't have to do so.  And that's hella awesome.  You sometimes don't even get people that do that from curb-side service from better restaurants.
3	After seeing the "I Ate The Bone" campaign on TV, I decided to give them another try. I was disappoint to discover that their boneless chicken is nothing more than over-priced chicken strips. The manager at the register was friendly but I felt as I got "duped" by the commercial.
1	Absolutely horrible KFC, They are always out of something, They simply Do not care about the franchise or the customers, The place is always dead because customers know how horrible this Establishment is.I also saw a few roaches in the bathroom. They are always out of honey, They always take a long time and always mess up the order.
1	They ran out of CHICKEN!!!!!!  Had to wait 20 minutes. Nuff Said. Michael was the manager btw. I vote for him being the worst manager of all time. Do I have a second?  This location should be named Kentucky Forgot Chicken
1	Terrible, terrible customer service. You would think with all the poor reviews management would take the time and correct the problem. This KFC is alway out of chicken. Today, I had a 30 minute wait for a pot pie and popcorn chicken shortly after they opened. That is not fast food. The staff is lazy and do not care about customer service.
1	I used to LOVE Kentucky Fried Chicken when I was a kid in Ohio. I haven't had it since moving to Vegas, and thought I'd have some for nostalgia's sake. I knew it isn't healthy- it's salty and greasy- but I was prepared. But I wasn't prepared. This chicken was so salty that parts of it were barely palatable. I had someone else taste it and they said it was saltier than they remember. Another problem was the biscuits. They were totally smashed and misshapen, which was strange because they were just sitting in the box on top of the chicken. They must've been squished before they gave them to me. Why would you purposely give a customer an inferior product?I don't know if it's just this particular location but I may never get KFC again. They ruined my good memories.
1	If I could give NEGATIVE TWO Stars, that is what I would rate this place.  WHY WHY WHY did I ever come back here?  Seems like time does heal all pain.I went through the drive through tonight because the wife was hungry.  We try to order with the bumbling fool on the speaker but they are too hard to understand.   Maybe that is why we didn't get what we ordered?Or do they really have blatant disregard for what the customer wants?  We want grilled chicken breast.  We are told they don't have any.WHY? YOU ARE A CHICKEN RESTAURANT!  Talk about unprepared.  You can't even give the excuse it's because of the dinner rush.  It was 8:50pm at night.So, this is what we get: NOT what we ordered- We settled for original since there was no GRILLED. - We DID NOT get our RECEIPT from the person at the window.  All we got was our credit card receipt. - So not can we not verify what we ordered but we can't even tell if they got the order wrong in the first place or if they decided to just stick it to the hard paying customer and just give them what THEY THINK that they need.  All I know was  I paid $16.73 and that is TOO MUCH for how much I got.  This is ROBBERY!- I think it's unacceptable that they do not give out receipts. Does this night crew need a retraining?- We ordered THREE chicken plate with white meat.  Everywhere else you get TWO chicken breasts and a wing.  What did we get?  We got a chicken breast and a wing.  Do people at KFC know how to count?  WHAT IS GOING ON HERE?- Their number on the CC receipt does not get answered.- I try to go to mykfcexperience.com that is on the back of the CC receipt... But you need the order receipt to be able to take the survey!HORRIBLE.  Never again.  -2 STARS!
1	One should never expect much from fast food, and I don't. Is it really common practice to not have what you sell available? There really aren't many fast food choices in this area - or I wouldn't have subjected myself to the standard 20 minute wait time again.  I'm sitting in the lot waiting it out for the Colonel. You know what really grinds my gears? This specific KFC.  The worst. Ever. Unreal.Ok I feel like the kind gesture from the team made it right.  There's that :)
1	Why don't we have the option for ZERO stars??!!!!??  Your menu consists of CHICKEN how are you ALWAYS OUT of it or expecting me to wait forever!! Then the girl taking our order seemed to have no idea of what she had! Never again will I come here!
1	"We don't have crispy chicken because we are closing in two hours." OMG hahahaha. This crew needs serious re-training. No wonder they have 1.5 stars.
1	I got in quick did ordered but it did take over 15 minutes to get my food. If you are working with a 30 minute lunch. That's not good
