5	I had Katy give me hair extensions for my wedding. I got them done a couple months before to make sure they were something I wanted for the wedding.Oh my! I didn't just want them for the wedding I want them forever! They add volume, sass and sexy! I get so many compliments on how I look,but no one knows I got hair extensions, just that something looked different and better! They feel and look like my own hair. They style just as easy as my own hair, but they hold curls better so my hair doesn't get flat after a few hours anymore. If you are worried about how long they last, I have had mine for 5 months. I have had them lifted once.  They still look and feel just as they did when I first got them.Katy matches your hair perfectly to the extensions. She will not let you leave until you are absolutely thrilled with the way you look. She is a perfectionist and I highly recommend that you let her take your fabulous-ness to the next level!
5	I couldn't be happier with my experience at AZ Strands. The salon is swanky yet intimate and Katy is fabulous.  She is truly passionate about making women feel beautiful!  This was my first expereince getting hair extensions. Katy provided so many fun options and made me feel very comfortable with the process. I had no idea hair extensions could look and feel SO natural. I simply can't say enough positive things about Katy and AZ Strands!
5	Certain things in life are bound to be addictive. Caffeine, chocolate, vodka, extensions. After a lifetime of crappy hair, I succumbed to the allure of extensions a few years ago. The learning curve was steep as I tried a few different salons. The price was exorbitant, the location inconvenient, appointments hard to get, the hair ratty, the technique iffy. I am so happy to have found Katy. She is accessible, friendly, and flexible, and has great quality hair. She uses the little beads to crimp each little bundle of hair to your own hair -- no weird keratin goo, glue, wefts, tape, or bullshit. Plus, girlfriend is the Tazmanian Devil of stylists -- she hauls ASS, ensuring you will not lose 4+ hours of your life in her chair, and does a spot-on job every time (for a pretty reasonable price, from my experience). Knowing I am supporting a small family owned business is a nice bonus too. I can't recommend her enough, but be warned -- you can't get extensions "just once"!
5	Can I possibly give 10 stars?!?!!!? Anyway I should have written this review 2 days ago but I was too busy loving my hair...my apologies. I contacted Katy though email last week expressing my interest in hair extensions I told her I had a crappy experience before with the micro cylinder and I was willing to give them another shot but was nervous. Well Katy was completely understanding and so sweet :). She made me feel completely comfortable and answered all of my questions and was honest!!! She is really quick at 1. getting you in the chair since I expressed an interest in hair extensions and then had them within a few days and 2. getting you back out of that chair, she is so quick and effective you won't waste your entire day even though you wouldn't mind anyway since she is so nice to talk to :). Well all of my doubts are gone since i washed my extensions for the first time today and they were soooo easy to style! I am hooked and am so happy I found Katy!
5	Katy is amazing. I am also totally addicted. She is fun and sweet-but most importantly professional and a master at her trade. My hair looks incredible and I absolutely live my extensions. I can't imagine going to ANYONE else. You have to check out her new space too...it's stunning.
5	I wish Yelp had a "love" button instead of just stars. After living in NYC for so many years, I was fearful about finding a stylist and hair extension expert in my new home town. Katy's new salon space has a personal and cozy feel. I felt so comfortable there and will definitely be returning. Since I've dealt with hair extensions before, I was amazed and thrilled at how fabulous and natural the hair felt and how quickly Katy got me out of to salon chair. We all have things in our life we can't live without. Fabulous hair is one of them. Katy spent the time going over all the different color blends her salon offers. She has both wavy and straight hair, and I found myself debating which I loved more. Katy took the time to go over and show me how to style my hair so it could look as if I stepped out of a salon each and every day. Thank you, Katy!! You have made me so happy :)
5	Best ever!! I've had nearly a year of hell with bad extensions that damaged my hair and were expensive. This is by far the most professional place ever and I will never go anywhere else!
5	Amazing hair, even better service. Katy istruly the best in the business. I have worn extension for years but this by far has been my best experience.
5	Katy is incredible at what she does. In about two hours, she managed to put over 100 strands in my hair. I looked like a new person! The hair is silky and of such great quality. I ended up taking them out after four months due to it being a bit high maintenance and too much for me to handle. Make sure you use the correct products and follow Katy's instructions. I ended up skimping out and the hair didn't look nearly as great as it first did but that's my own fault. She has such a cute studio and is very friendly and personable. Just maybe I will give them a try again closer to my wedding ;)
5	You CAN NOT get better hair extensions from a more wonderful team then Katie and Jen!  Katie makes sure you look fabulous before you leave and that you are getting what you want and did I mention she is the sweetest person ever!  If you want to get extensions, don't waste your time or money anywhere else.  I promise you, I've tried them all and these are the best!
5	I just have to say what an amazing job Katy did on my hair.  I had a horrible experience with extensions previously.  The stylist that did them permanently damaged my hair.  So I was extremely leary about having them done again.  Katy answered all my questions and was very knowledgeable. She knows her stuff!  The end product was long beautiful hair that blends into mine perfectly.  I would not hesitate to recommend her.  She's awesome.
5	got my extensions in today and the consult with Katy was totally on point! Couldn't wait to go home and stare at myself!! Yes, of course, I did the "pose and shaking of the long hair" in the mirror!!!!Cassandra put them in and it went by pretty fast and I still cannot get over how light they are!!THANK YOU LADIES! I will be back in 6 weeks!
