4	A new Vietnamese restaurant that opened up on Spring Mountain about half a year ago or so, we were pleasantly surprised by the interior decorations of this restaurant.  It doesn't look like your typical Vietnamese joint with fancy booths and furniture.  This is actually their second location, their first being in Portland, Oregon!We started off our dinner with #21 Tau Hu Ki ("Fried tofu wrap stuffed with fish, shrimp, and crab. 2 for 1 order") $5.50.  It came with fresh greens and pickled carrots and radishes with a dipping sauce.  Pretty tasty stuff.  And we chose this based on the picture! We also shared the #39 Banh Xeo ("Vietnamese pancake") $7.00.  It's labeled as a meal for one, and it definitely is!  It's loaded with lots of bean sprouts, shrimp, and some other stuff. It's also served with greens and a dipping sauce.  Pretty tasty and I would suggest sharing it with someone and getting an additional dish as well.  It's a hardy order of a pancake.For my own dinner order, I got the #1 Tai, Nam, Gau, Gan, Sach ("Eye of round steak, well-done flank, fat brisket, soft tendon and honeycomb tripe.), size small $6.50.  It was loaded with lots of noodles, which is a good thing.  I actually didn't finish my order because I was so stuffed (from all the appetizers too).  Another friend ordered the #2 Chin, Nam, Gau, Gan, Sach ("Well-done brisket, well-done flank, fat brisket, soft tendon and honeycomb tripe."), size small $6.50.  She was pretty happy with her order overall.  The BF ordered his favorite, the #35 Mi Bo Kho ("Stewed beef with egg noodles.") $7.00.  He finished up his whole bowl and I must admit, pretty good flavor in there.The BF also got the #78 Sinh To Bo ("Fresh avocado shake") $3.50 to go, and it was yummy! Service - our original waiter was coming around a lot to make sure we were okay.  Then I think we were forgotten about after that.  We had to wave the waiter down when we wanted our bill as he couldn't see us in our booth.Food was pretty good overall and the ambiance is quite nice.  They refill your water with a pitcher that has orange slices in it, which is a nice touch.  I think we'll be going back!
3	This is the only Pho place I trust in Vegas. Its not the best pho I have ever had but its the best for Vegas standards. Its clean and and comfortable environment, and the stomach appeared to agree with the food so that speaks loudly. Pricing isnt too bad either.
1	Pho Hung Restaurant was more like Pho Hung Long Wait or Pho Hung Bad Service. After getting seated, we didn't see another server for about 20 minutes (besides getting a kettle of tea and 2 small cups for a table of 6). I tried to attract someone's attention to get our orders, raising my hand, standing up. Finally, I flagged down a server carrying a tray of food to someone else's table, and was just going to ask him, "would you be able to take our order when you get done?" But I was reprimanded with a "What you want me to drop this and talk???????"  At this point, the rest of my party had been fed up with the service, or lack thereof so we got up and left.  My friends, who were already at the restaurant eating had a similar bad service experience. They ordered the spring rolls when they had ordered their food but never received the rolls. They asked the waiter if it was coming but he said that they didn't serve the spring rolls anymore...meanwhile, the table next to them were happily munching down on the same spring rolls that the resaturant apparently didn't serve anymore. Then my friends had to dispute with them to get the spring rolls of the bill that they didn't receive.  The restaurant had your typical lunch crowd but there were plenty of servers and people to take your order.If I would give it negative stars I would rate it a negative 20 stars. I'd recommend the Pho Saigon chains...always good service with great pho.
3	This probably has to be the prettiest pho restaurant on Spring Mountain. It's cute how they have bed panels (or something that looks like it) as table dividers. The pho is just okay though. Service was ... okay. I'll forgive them since they look like beginners at waiting. What really made this pho experience a bit below average was how the amigo was working his behind off cleaning up tables while the waiters were just lounging (and sitting..?) around chit chatting.
2	Went twice in a span of two weeks, the last time being last night.  The first time the pho was pretty good but last night was definitely not.  We ordered a bowl of pho, chicken hainam, spring rolls, and a durian smoothie.  The pho was a lot better the first time.  The broth wasn't as tasty and some of the meat looked a bit funky.  The chicken hainam dish was horrible!  The rice was dry and didn't have any sort of flavor!  The chicken was even drier and looked like a 10 year old got a hold of a butcher knife and went to town, not to mention it was almost flavorless.  The spring rolls were, yep you guessed it, really dry and the texture made me think it had been sitting out for a day or so.The durian smoothie was good at least, if a bit too sweet.  At least they used real durian.  All in all I can't really say this place is worth recommending to anyone.  I'm still on the hunt for a really good, consistent pho restaurant and this place is definitely NOT it.
1	I have to admit, this place sure is decorated nicely.  That said, I ordered Pho Ga and I hated it.  It was just regular beef broth with a few pieces of tough chicken thrown in.  It sucked and it made me feel nauseous afterwards.  I should have known better than to stray from my usual pho ga place but I was desperate and I was in Vegas.  My brother's pork and broken rice dish was okay, mediocre.  It might fool some but not me.  I grew up eating authentic Vietnamese food from my dad's aunt (they were born in Vietnam and lived there for many years) so this shiz does NOT, I repeat does NOT cut it.Did I mention that the utensils were actually dirty?  As in there was still food particles stuck to it after being 'washed'?  Yuck!
2	The place is definitely nice and clean. The seating arrangements and the decor were very comfortable. I just wish that the pho had flavor. to my disappointment, it did not, it was very bland. I had to keep adding fish sauce, siracha and pepper for my soup to get some flavor. I love Vietnamese food and i hate giving out two stars to this establishment but it failed to make the passing grade. I hope their food gets better because I do not want any one to fail in this economy.
4	I want to start reversing the reputation of this place. We keep saying that this restaurant IS CLEAN! Cleanliness is HUGE in my dining experience. I would rather go to a decent tasting Pho place but CLEAN than go to the one that taste good but filthy. What's with all the complaints? Here are the perks of Pho Hung:1. Best imperial rolls in all of Las Vegas. Wrapped in traditional rice paper. 2. I love the gan in the Pho. Wonderfully soft and fresh. 3. Clean as a whistle for a Pho joint.4. I'm not embarrass taking people to this restaurant especially those new to Vietnamese food.
3	This restaurant was opened in 2007, in the height of the Vegas boom times and housing bubble, when pricesof everything was going up and up, and money was flowing easily. Million dollar condos going up everywhere, speculators betting on housing prices getting lucky more than rolling the dice at the craps table. IThe time was like rolling 11's consecutively and parlaying your bet....the odds were long (18 - 1, but pays 15 - 1) but it just kept coming in to pay. So a great Pho restaurant owning family from the Portland area, (they own several popular ones in the Pacific northwest) decided to roll the dice in Vegas, They spared no expense in the decor. It is decorated with all high end materials, with marble-like tables, 2 large flat screens, and a lot of quality to make a very clean and pleasant restaurant. The problem is, it is too far from the Strip, out on Spring Mountain a mile from the strip at Decatur in the A&M strip mall. And that long odds 11 crapped out, the housing bubble burst, and Vegas is hurting. One of the owners was the cashier the night I went, and she was very friendly and accomodating, asking what I wanted to watch on the flat screens.  We had a nice long talk after my meal about Vietnam, Saigon back then, where her family is from, now Ho Chi Minh city under the communists now. They own a restaurant back there, called Pho 99, at 139 Duong Nguyn Trai, Phuong Ben, Thanh Quan 1, T/P Ho Chi MInh, Viet Nam. There is one in Portland called Pho Hung.I ordered my standard over the past year, Pho Tai Nam. The beef was good and the broth was, too. Plenty of fresh greens to go with it.The price was more like glitzy Vegas, not the grungy pacific northwest.Bonus: they accept credit cards, which most grungy dives do not.
1	I ordered Pho dac biet and it phokin sucked!! Only thing that was decent was the eggrolls. Decor was nice but food thumbs down!
4	I like the cleanliness and the decor is just amazing. They really took the time to design the interior of this restaurant with materials imported from Vietnam. You will not be embarrassed to take a date, your friends, or family here.As far as food I enjoyed the spring rolls and do like their Pho. Their servings are generous and the broth tasted really good. I wasn't too impressed with their crepe. We all loved the coconut with the jelly inside. I'm not a big dessert fan but boy this was quite enjoyable. So if I'm in Vegas and crave a good pho this is my place.Owner was very friendly and I was surprised their prices were almost the same as the whole in wall places we go to in LA.
2	Despite its friendliness and cleanness, Pho Hung failed in the food category.  My Pho was lukewarm at best.  My fiance's shaken beef was small in portion and quality of beef subpar.  My mom's seafood pho was salty and, again, lukewarm.  C'mon, pipping hot broth is a MUST for Pho or else it wouldn't cook the bean sprouts, let alone the rare beef!!!I hadn't had Pho for more than 2 months.  Pho Hung failed to revive my love for Pho.  I think I'll skip Pho all together when I am in Vegas from now on.
1	this place is a real disappointment. the restaurant itself is decorated very nicely and the waiters are very nice and sweet but i've honestly never been to a restaurant where they messed up on EVERYTHING.first off, we came in with a party of 5 and she placed us at a tiny booth. we did sit down but we stared at each other awkwardly and then began to position ourselves at a regular table. secondly, she came to take our order and i asked if the shakes were "fresh" meaning if they use real fruits and not the nasty powder that is used at pho kim long and she said YES it's fresh, so my friend ordered one. when our drinks came out (which came out AFTER our food...) there was 1 avocado shake with pearls and 1 without. there was a total of 6 drinks brought out and only 5 people. she said that we ordered it....now why would we order 6 drinks? when there's only 5 people? the waitress came out and said that I ordered it. i was a little surprised because all i asked was "are the shakes fresh" and she assumed that i wanted an avocado shake with pearls LOL. third, i asked for limes and the limes brought out were SO DRY!!!! i seriously had to squeeze the shit out of it in order to get 2 or 3 drops. this is why i asked for MORE limes and still the second batch were dry as hell!! fourth, they messed up on our bill. they charged us for big bowls of pho...which is correct because that's what we ordered BUT they brought out SMALL bowls of pho. and they also charged us for that extra pearl drink. -_-now for the pho: we seriously could not eat it. the only reason why i asked for so much lime is because the pho soup is SOOOOOOO SWEET!!!!!!!!!!!! too much msg???????? all of us were dying from a bad hangover or lack of sleep and we really needed pho. we skipped pho kim long because their service sucks and the pho is okay...we wanted BOMB ass pho but we made a big mistake coming here= [. we all agreed that the pho is too sweet so i'm pretty sure it wasn't just me (who happens to be just a little bit picky...) the small pho is really small and i'm pretty sure i would have finished it but because it was too sweet and the noodles were over cooked, i wasn't able to finish it. would i ever come back?!?! hell nooooo.
2	The first time I went to Pho Hung, I thought it was pretty good.  Over the next four visits, I noticed that the pho just wasn't as good as some other places.  Soup wasn't so flavorful, the tendon was kind of overly mushy, noodles undercooked.  Fool me once, shame on you, fool me four times, can't get fooled again. They get points for a clean restaurant with good service and being open late, but given the numerous other Vietnamese restaurants in the area, you might do better elsewhere.
5	....... ? this is nice place but ..... not too many people like it? Don't worry, Mr. Pho Hung, I like you!I like your service: once I sitmenu and ice water arrive right awayfew mins wait and come ask if it's time to orderif I order soup (I always have soup, small size) - then mint and veggie plate come or if I order Spring roll (I always order it too)  - the BEST Spring Rolls come within 3 mins! I like your services process... never need to wait for seats, ice water and order, BUT takes time to pay for meal :)  OPEN UNTIL 2AM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	6 star for their Spring Roll if possible, it's still the best in Las Vegas as I think & 3 star for the slowwwwwwwwwwwwwww soup. Also, just found there is a minimum charge for credit card: $15!
4	Good service. Clean environment. Filtered/reverse osmosis water.  Enormous size in Pho and I was able to use egg noodles instead of rice noodles; which is a plus. Very good fried egg rolls.   Descent prices.  Great selection in soups and other items on menu...I think I found my new Vietnamese place!
4	Came a little bit before they closed so tried to quickly order so they can wrap it up.Got some pork rice plate and a combo pho (had steak, tendon, flank, tripe, brisket) and I was feeling on an avocado shake. It was all pretty good actually- solid enough and I do like that this pho spot is a nicer ambiance.You know theres a bunch of friends I think would like this cuisine, but I can't take them to some hole in the walls because they're "squeamish" about things. I can take them here. I think I prefer the pho broth at other spots, but sometimes solid food in a better ambiance wins over the best broth and a dirty, smokey environment. Service that night was give us food and disappear. I forgive it though because we were eating while they were cleaning up but it would be nice to have gotten a drink refill once. I'm coming back because they have something I love to eat- its a shrimp cake thats wrapped up in a thin tofu wrap and fried. I used to eat these all the time in San Diego as part of broken rice plates (which I dont see here- only as an app). Coming back to try it and feed the craving. :-) The menu is pretty extensive so plenty of variety outside of pho.
4	This is my current favorite pho place in Las Vegas.  I go once every week to 10 days, or so.Pho hung never fails to satisfy my cravings for noodle soup.  I always order the same thing:  pho tai, with the beef on the side (so I can drop it in to the broth at my leisure, and keep it rare), and an order of spring rolls - shrimp only, hold the pork. The broth is always perfectly seasoned, with a rich beef flavor - never greasy or watery.  Each bowl is generous on the noodles, and comes with the customary plate of bean sprouts, limes, herbs, and chili peppers.Sometimes, when I've got a big appetite, I order an extra plate of beef slices for $3.  Even with this addition, my meal never costs more than $15 total.  I always have left overs.  Pho makes a wonderful meal on the cheap.Pho Hung is also good for late night dining.  They're open every night until 2am.Like many eateries of its particular genre, the service can be quite lackadaisical.  I'm personally willing to overlook that for the quality of the food and the low price.  The dining room itself isn't what I'd call attractive.  it's harshly lit, and a little gaudy - though always very clean.If you love pho, give this place a try.
3	8 of us stopped for lunch after hiking today.  Most of us ordered the #12, pho with beef brisket.  An error was made when one of the group wanted porridge but was served #23 (vegetarian spring roll over noodles) by error.  It was removed from the bill but he kept the dish and liked it very much.The only complaint I had with the brisket was it was uneven.  There were several flat slices of brisket, but here were also some hard pieces of beef that were tough.  I had their Vietnamese coffee.  It was good, but I've had better elsewhere.  I do like the open nature of the room and the modern decor.  Service was very good, except for the slip up noted.  We enjoyed ourselves very much.
5	AWESOME!! Now, let me mind you, I only go out for Pho when the weather is anything but sunny and hot. On these rare occasions of weather I will always go to Pho Hung. The Pho is never disappointing and I always get the pork and shrimp spring rolls to go with which are always amazing. The service has never disappointed. Their prices are a lil on the higher side (for Pho anyway) a small is $7.00 and the large is $7.50. I always get a small #13 while my bf will ocassionally get the large along with the springrolls and our bill is never over $20. DELICIOUS!!
1	I always drive by spring mountain and saw this place has $4.95 special and been wanting to try it out so today I went and order a pork chop with rice. I waited and waited for 35mins!!! and food still have not came. I ask the server where's my food? He said ok and walk off .. I wait another 5 min and I'm out the door.. Never ever ever forever am I coming back here ever never again. Wasted 40mins of my life
1	Pho Hung is by far my least favorite pho place in Las Vegas. The temperature of the broth was lukewarm at best, and when I go to eat pho I look forward to the piping hot broth. It was also pretty tasteless. I'm not one to add many sauces to my bowl but definitely had to when I ate here. The brisket was also not very consistent. I also got an order of egg rolls. The good thing was that it came with more egg rolls than most other pho places. Bad news - I didn't really want to eat any of it after the first couple of bites. They were soggy, and did not seem fresh at all. Service was bad as well. There was one other group in the restaurant besides mine, and yet I couldn't seem to get my water refilled.
3	They are now open late til 2am. It was one of the few reasons why we haven't been back is that it used to close before we can ever get there. We just wanted to try something different and not go to Pho So 1 or Pho Kim Long. We ordered Cha Gio ($5)- it's okay, but it's not quite cha gio and more like Chinese eggrolls. The meat (chicken, pork and shrimp) was shredded in it with carrot instead of more of a solid cake of ground pork, carrot and mushroom. I think I prefer it more traditional so I don't think I want to order this again. We got a broken rice plate with bbq pork, egg casserole and shredded pork ($8.95). Everything was pretty decent. The pork was flavored nice, but the consistency reminded me of Thai pork jerky dish which I like, but wasn't expecting.  We got a combination meat pho in large ($7.50). The broth was good actually. A bit sweet which I like and I can taste anise. My one thing was that it was a bit skimpy. A lot of broth, but the not as much noodles and toppings. We also got 3 color dessert (I think it was about $3.99) which was pretty good. Service was friendly and alright. Food was alright. I think it will be on the rotation for late night eats for us, but daytime there are some options I think that are much better.
1	We were feeling adventurous and decided to stop by this place for some Pho and Cha Gio.  Like with many restaurants like this you can just order by the number on the menu.  I don't remember what the numbers were but the order was:Cha GioChicken & Shrimp noodle bowlThe Cha Gio was OK, not the best I've had but not the worst.  The veggies accompanying them were not very appetizing so I just avoided them.The Chicken & Shrimp bowl was a bit disappointing.  First off, the shrimp was replaced by a Cha Gio without warning.  The Chicken was OK but nothing special.  The Vermicelli Noodles were both soggy and clumped.The service was nice but that couldn't make up for the sticky table and chopsticks.  There was more than enough staff on hand and  it was not a busy night by far.  On to the next one.
3	Ok. So this place is NEVER busy! and its open real late.So already I like it because its open late, however the food well the food is alright.The meat that they use have too much fat, especially the slices of beef, however for the price its a good deal.The service is pretty good, and they pay attention to you, mostly because its never busy, or at least its never been busy when I go there, which is quite late most of the time..So if its late, everything is closed, use this as a plan B most definitely. However it is a good plan B
5	I haven't tried too many other dishes from this place so I can't really rate them. The only reason I go to eat Vietnamese food is for the rice noodle vermicelli, either with the beef broth soup or the dry noodles on a bed of vegetables with charbroiled pork. I have tried those two same dishes at three other locations in Las Vegas and in Reno trying to find THE ONE, and this is by far the one with the best service, taste, and freshness. I have no idea why its never more crowded. Business seems modest at best so there is always someone available to render quick and prompt service. The pork on the dry noodles is juicy and flavorful, and the meats in the soup are all just the right texture and taste. Unlike some other pho places, the soup and pork doesn't leave me with dry mouth afterwards so thankfully they don't dump MSG or salt into their dishes to compensate for their taste.  The restaurant is spacious, clean, and comfortable. Prices are very fair and portions are big. My search for a pho HQ is over and I can't seem to go back enough.
3	I must had really wanted pho when I was in Vegas...well. Duh. I probably had a hangover from partying the night before. But pho is pho...walked in and it was completely empty. The service was OK, but I can only imagine how slow it would be if there were actually people dining in the restaurant. It had parking too!I got the regular rare steak pho...and eh. It was OK. Not the worst pho I've had, but not the best either. Definitely just...OK.
4	this place is kinda like my home away from home (Little Saigon).their bunh rieu is sooo good.  there's only a few places that i can comment with confidence about this particular dish, and this makes my top 3 BUN RIEU LIST.    the soup is not too salty and does not have too much of the reddish oily stuff floating on top .  you get a good helping of deep fried tofu and the minced crab (usually it's minced crab & meat).  of course, a side of veggies gets mounded on before the start of the meal so you get your whole 5 servings of veggies in this one meal here.  I've been here on several occasions, where i've tried pho, bun rieu, and the broken rice with pork dish.  their menu is quite expansive -- serving more than "pho" as their name proclaims.   the service is pretty good, and the establishment is rather clean.  it's just a little bit away from the strip, but you get good unpretentious vietnamese food that's not gonna make you sell the clothes off your back just to dine.  give them a try!
4	When craving an ice cold Tra Da (Ice Tea) and a tasty bowl of PHO to cure your hang over from the night before, this is the place to be. 1. Super Attentive & Courteous Staff2. Speedy Service3. Variety of Tasty Vietnamese FoodNot to mention, they are beer/liquored licensed... =)
4	This is my favorite Pho place in Vegas!1st introduced to me by a colleague who hails from Vietnam.  It's a step up from the little noodle shops all over Chinatown.  Great menu, and the staff is always very nice.  Fresh ingredients and one of the most flavorful broths of any pho place I've visited.
5	My Favorite Vietnamese Restaurant!! The Food is always great! Customer Service is pretty good. First time we came to this spot a guy names peter was the one that helped us with what to order. And ever since then, we've always been going to this restaurant. We've brought friends/family in this place and they love the food and service too. Don't forget the environment. I love the setting of this place, Very comfortable, laid back and It doesn't feel that the servers are gawking at you while you eat.  The price is VERY Affordable as well. You will love it. They give you time to order and they always make sure your attended with all your needs!!LOVE THIS PLACE!! TRY THIS RESTO!! YOU WON'T REGRET IT. =)
4	i wanna rate it a 5 but their broth for pho is lacking..i love how they slice their meats like tendon and fatty brisket.BOMB.their egg rolls are amazing and service is ok. this place will always be an option.
4	This is my favorite place when I want pho, which is about once a week.  Pho Hung, while I can't say is the best Vietnamese restaurant I've ever tried, is definitely one of the best when you combine the cleanliness, roominess (therefore relaxing), and the food quality/taste.  In addition to having a great pho broth with lots of good herbs, the veggies always come out crispy and fresh.  The fried eggrolls are by far the best I've had.  An order comes with 4 eggrolls, cut into 8 pieces.  Their service is very attentive and accommodating.
4	tip:  Opens at 9am, not many chinese joints open at this time which is great for early risers who don't want pho kim long or other 24 hour places.Broth good, not oily, but small bowl too small for 7.75.  good decor, has a whole row of fish tanks with arowanas which is great.
5	Some of the reviews here from 2007 and 2008 are entirely inaccurate and outdated at this point.  Although this restaurant is not as well attended and is probably about 50-75 cents more per bowl of pho, it is well worth it.  While the average pho restaurant has loud customers practically sitting on top of you, the atmosphere at Pho Hung is relaxing and serene.  I'll have to admit I could do without the Vietnamese variety shows that are on at times.  Having eaten pho for over 20 years now, I think Pho Hung serves up dishes that are tasty and contain highest quality herbs and ingredients.
3	This place is suck. I ordered two of their specialty items and they are really bad. Will not coming back.
4	One of my favorite places to get some Pho. They are never too busy and service is prompt and courteous. I love the fact that they are open till 2am as there have been a few times where my friends and I wanted to find a good place to eat late at night near Chinatown where we wouldn't have to rush or wait on long service. The dining area is very modern looking and is always clean. The huge fish tanks are a nice touch. Never had to wait too long for the food and the prices are not bad.
3	I used to go to this spot on a somewhat regular occasion. When me and a few of my girlfriends would get to together for our Pho dates we would come here because two of them really liked the place. I recently went last week because a new friend loves this place and it was nice to be reacquainted. I quickly remembered why never minded coming to this place and I also remembered why I stopped coming.I got my typical bowl of Pho. The special combo, extra tendon. They slacked on the extra tendon. They were very skimpy with my extra tendon, you never would have thought that I had asked for extra tendon. But they win almost hands down for their flavor of broth. It was perfect for me. It is intense with its aroma, delicious in its taste and if I had to it plain with no condiments I would and could. But of course, I always add a ton of siricha, fish sauce and sambal. Where they lose me is the funky tinge of silver, green and purple on their meat. Maybe I am over picky or too sensitive to this. But this is completely unacceptable to me and my standards. I also ordered their charbroiled pork spring roll and I am not a fan of how they are open on the ends instead of being closed in. I would come back here again. I just wouldn't order the Pho which is sad for me because I LOVE their broth. Maybe I could order a beef ball Pho instead.
1	Service was horrible. Waiter was very rude. I ordered the Banh Xeo, and even before I tried ordering, the waiter was trying to persuade me not to get it because it takes 20 minutes to make. I still ordered it. Besides that, he also tried to make me feel bad for ordering it, claiming that I ordered the wrong thing, since the rest of my table had their food 8 minutes before me. Other than the extremely horrible service, the food was okay. The crepe was a bit too hard on the bottom, with not enough sprouts. Oh yeah, i forgot to mention that it only came with 2 lettuce leafs. If it sounds like I'm hating, I sure am. I now hate this place. Their fish sauce is weak too. Save your money and do not go to this place!
1	I and my husband ate for lunch this place last week.(i forgot hunting at yelp ).staff  friendly, and room beautifful and clean,design food beautifull, but taste the food we upset. the food  no good, bun bo hue soup  no hot ,different tastei think different ingredient .no taste lemongrass and to much star anise.broken rice with  BBQ pork different too, broken rice very soft,i think to much some water, and BBQ beef  no good and no hot ,no flavour i think beef shank slice.price no worth it with the food, expensive than we ate vietnam restaurant .
4	Out of many pho options along Spring Mountain Road, this is a good one, particularly because it's open later than most (until 3am) and offers a few Vietnamese beer options (Saigon red - yes!) Very large bowls of hot pho with lots of meat. The meat isn't the best quality - a bit stringy in some places, grisly or fatty in others, but there is plenty of it and enriches the flavor of the broth. You don't need the finest cut of meat for a good bowl of pho, and the broth is rich and the plates of vegetables and herbs that you add-in yourself are fresh and aromatic.The traditional Hung bowl is a combo beef standard including tripe, liver, flank.Pho ga is a great chicken-noodle, plenty of chicken. The spring rolls are huge and fresh, though not the most flavorful. One order gets you four generous pieces.The menu is expansive and includes not only several types of pho but also extensive non-pho options (rice and meat plates, curry, etc). These can be hit-or-miss, quite honestly - the meat tends to be overcooked or dry at times, but it's all fairly authentic to what one is offered in Vietnam itself. Simple, filling, delicious, and plenty of spices and rice to fill it out. (I like the menu here because it also includes an interesting article on the different food regions of Vietnam). As for location, this is a spacious and clean area, brightened by fish tanks, plant age and various Southeast Asian gods and decor. Flatscreen TVs broadcast authentic Southeast Asian programming and music which is entertaining and experience-enhancing. It's definitely comfortable enough to spend a leisurely meal if you have the time. Service can be rather slow. Again, it's a cultural thing.Overall, I enjoy getting an authentic, full cultural taste and experience with my international fair. Pho Hung does a pretty good job of it, and in that regard I have absolutely no complaints.
4	Strip mall parking.  The place was well advertised and noticeable from the street.  The place had plenty of seating and was decorated better than most.  The bar appeared well stocked.  The service was a bit slow.  The food was really good.  I had  #13, which is soup with thinly sliced meat.  The vegetables were fresh and plentiful.  The broth was delicious and hot.  The meat had too much fat on it.  My friend is vegetarian and complained that there vegetarian dishes were few and the one he got sucked.  The prices were reasonable.  My bowl of soup cost $7.50 and it was very filling.  I would go back, but I still prefer Pho Kim Long or Pho So 1.
1	Parking is in a strip mall, and it has been here for a few years. Only reason my family and I went here was because we wanted to try a different pho place. All I can say is every thing that we ate had no salt and probably very little MSG because everything that we ate was so bland. I am of Vietnamese descent so I know a good pho place when I taste it. Overall the place is big and spacious, very clean. BTW, we were the only people in the restaurant and you would figure that the wait staff would be more than fumbling over each other to help us with anything that we would ask for but the service was worse than so-so.
4	I love coming here. The food comes quick and for 50 cents more you can get a large bowl that I can barely even finish. It's also a plus that they actually speak some English so that my order doesn't get jacked up like other places where they don't understand what I'm telling them to put or not put in my soup!
2	Stars are only for the food. We all know service is always horrible at asian restaurant and that is why I only tip 10% now.The lunch special poster caught my eye so ordered the #2 from the poster and egg rolls to go with it. Whoa, egg roll was deep fat fried so it was amazing, but only got 3, which was odd since other places gives 4. As for the #2 lunch special, it was pork chop with rice plate, which you only get 1 pork chop with veggies. The meat smelled kind of old so I ate the rice and veggie instead. Rice plate 1 star, egg rolls 4 stars. Total 2 stars. I will try the pho next time if i can get myself to come back. Hopefully...
3	I've been here a few times. Though it's not the best pho and spring rolls I've ever had, it's not bad.  Pretty decent.  The prices are okay.  You do get a pretty big portion for what you pay for.  The only thing I'm not happy about is the service.  The first time I went there it was okay at first, then more than one person began serving us and ended up getting our orders mixed up.  Once we were served, we were forgotten.  And we were one of two parties in the restaurant.  The second time I dined alone and was served very quickly even though the restaurant was full for the lunch crowd.  So I was happy about that.  But again, once I was served, I was forgotten.  I wasn't able to get a refill on water until I was almost done and the huge bus load was gone.  This is Vegas, and it's summer.  We need to stay hydrated.  So overall, the food is good, as well as the prices and portions.  But the service isn't that great.
2	Had a large family lunch. The staff forced us to use a small table when there was no one else and larger tables available. I asked for their special without vegetables or tendon. Needless to say I had to spend time picking out those things. Air conditioning wasn't functioning, it would have been nice to know beforehand with a sign posted at the door. Kept running out of water. As I write this review our finished plates and bowls of food have not been removed and have been sitting on the table for 10 mins. Food wasn't bad but wasn't the greatest either. Won't be returning here.
2	Not happy with my pho!!! A simple request as to not include onions in my pho wasn't even met! I was told by the guy to pick them out myself. A BIG WTF!!! The lights went out midway during my meal... because apparently there was a birthday party and people were singing nonstop on stage. Not exactly a family oriented restaurant. My family couldn't even speak to each other without yelling... otherwise we could only see each other's lips move. Not coming back. There's better pho places in Vegas who actually listens when the customer requests for no onions. UGH.
1	So after I realized (yet again) that Pho Bosa was closed on Wednesday, and Hue Thai was closed due to a power outage, we ran across the street to give Pho Hung a shot.Special Combination Pho (Large): The soup was pretty bland, but was edible and passible for Pho. Soup with Shrimp, Fish Balls, and Chicken Leg: chicken soup with egg noodles, 2 small halves of fish ball, 2 overdone shrimp, and 2 small (quail, I think) boiled eggs. Hmm.. "Where is my chicken?" is what I would have asked had the server ever come back to check on the table. When we went to pay our bill, that we had to chase down the server to get, we were charged $3.75 for a soda that on the menu read $2. When we asked to have it corrected, and I finally pointed out that my soup didn't have the chicken leg that was described in the menu, we were fought tooth and nail about the price discrepancy. Apparently, the menu items and prices had changed and they no longer offered the chicken leg, and have since replaced it with the 2 small eggs, "didn't you see the eggs I added to your soup?!" Sure I saw, but I would have appreciated to have been told when I had ordered that the menu item had changed and I would have changed my order. We were also told that they were forced to raise the prices on their soft drink offerings (by almost double?!) when there was no service to provide refills. They eventually caved on the soda, but never apologized for any of the inconvenience. I left pretty hungry- I barely had any protein in my soup. I was in between giving this place 2-3 stars while we were dining, because of the ordinary and bland food and lack of service, but the interaction afterward really left a bad taste in my mouth. I won't ever go back, and wouldn't suggest this place to anyone I know. I don't know that I'd ever been so infuriated by a restaurant before. Food was okay, but the service was what made it awful.
1	I first found this restaurant when they first opened and had a great time there with great food.  Good tasting/friendly service.Last trip there was a flop.  Pho was lacking and 6 people in our party orded rice dishes.  The meat was mediocre and the tau-hu-ky smelled.  No one finished their soup and we couldn't eat the rice dishes.  I vow not to ever go back there.
1	I decided to try this place for the first time, and I am very disappointed. It was a cold, rainy night and pho sounded soo good. The man that greeted me and took care of my to go order was very nice. The vietnamese karaoke was very loud upon entering, but being vietnamese myself... I'm used to this sort of thing. I ordered a pho Tai and two orders of egg rolls to go. I figured the egg rolls had to be bomb because it is very difficult to mess up vietnamese egg rolls. My mistake for assuming... within the first bite I was immediately disappointed. They were burnt, chewey, and had a very distinct funny smell. Maybe they had gone bad already? I had my bf taste them and he was disgusted by them as well. Without a doubt the worst egg rolls I have ever eaten. I ended up throwing away two orders of egg rolls within only taking two bites. The pho was mediocre and tasted like it had an overpowering aroma of cinnamon in it? What the pho?!?!! After finishing her vietnamese version of American idol, the hostess/owner?/singer gave the Mic to another employee to sing... but as she walked back to her hostess stand and grabbed her bottle of Hennessey and proceeded to drink while giving me a dirty stare. Which made me feel a bit uneasy. I have no problem patronizing a place that enjoys entertainment and the occasional employees getting faded at work, but being a customer... I'd like to be acknowledged by a warm, hospitable, and friendly environment. Just to be fair, maybe her Hennessey was hitting her just a little too much. I will not be returning, and I strongly advise everyone to spend their hard earned money elsewhere.
1	Terrible. Not only did the food take 40 minutes to arrive, it tasted dry and bland. They put a lot of vegetables to make up for the lack of meat. They got the order wrong and charged us for an extra egg that we never ordered! We were even missing two drinks! Never coming back ever again.
1	My friend decided to try this place out since we've been to most of the Pho places on Spring Mountain.  Pho Hung is a little bit farther away from all of the hustle and bustle.  We were here in the morning around 10ish.  The restaurant was practically empty which was not a good sign.  We should have ran out of this place right away but fools that we were, we sucked up and sat down.  Our waitress was friendly and helpful.  But that's about it.  I ordered beef stew with baguette, but they didnt have any baguette.  They didn't have time to drive to Lee's Sandwiches.  So I ordered their spicy beef noodles, our waitress said they didn't have it today.  I ended up with crab meat noodle soup per the waitress' recommendation.  We also ordered rice with grilled pork chop and eggrolls, beef noodle (pho bo), crab meat noodle (bun rieu), chicken noodle (pho ga).  The pork chop was burned and dry.  It looked like it's been around for a few days.  The eggrolls were very funky looking and orange.  My crab meat made it into little patties and deep fried.  I've never had it deep fried before and it just did not taste good.  Their beef noodle was ok.  However, it didn't make up for the rest of the order.  I have to give it 1.5 star.  This review was written per my hubby's request because I wasn't planning to write one, hence, no photos.  Maybe I should go back next time just for the photos.... yeah right!
3	This place has seemingly gone downhill the last few times I've been here. The broth used to be flavorful and now it is almost tasteless, although the noodles and meat were good. We were here for about 45 min and there were no other diners at about 5:30 pm on a Sunday night. 1 other customer walked in to pick up a take out order and that was about it. Service is lacking and once they take your order, they never return until your food comes out and after that you'll never see a server ever again. When we sat a while and didn't get our bill, we just walked up and paid which was kind of odd. Guess they weren't worried since there were no other customers there. The large bowls are still priced at $7.50 which is a killer deal in my opinion. Hopefully this was just a bad night for them but I may start looking for other options before I come back here again.
2	Maybe it's the secluded location or perhaps the strange after taste of the broth left on your tongue.Whatever the case be, I really am not a fan of the place. The restaurant is pretty spacious with a karaoke stage to your left upon entering. There's a big "fruit tree" located in the middle which is a nice sight. However, the wait time for food is rather long. I went here with a group of 7 and had to wait about 40 minutes for food? Nothing comparable to Pho Kim Long (my go to place for pho).  I'm pretty easily fulfilled with pho from any place, but I was just thrown off by the after taste of the broth as stated above. My final verdict? If you can get pho somewhere else - go for it.
1	I went here for the first time with my friend. She said she's been here more than a couple of times and she said it's good. So I said why not, lets try it. We came in, it was very very slow. We were the only customers. And this is during lunch time which is normally noon. Right as we walk in we were greeted by a lady that could barely speak english let along understand english. We got to choose our seat, the booth. We were given menus and 3 minutes later the same lady came back and took our orders. I wanted a small at first but when she came back with our waters that definitely tasted like tap water....I changed my mind to get a large because I wanted to take some home for my boyfriend. She couldnt understand me at all, I said it at least five times that I wanted a large and then she just walked away and got another lady that could unserstand...so I told her what I wanted. So probably five minutes later we got our sprites which is pretty much filled with ice to the top..and we got our orders as well my friend (shrimp pho) mine (vegetable pho). Our food got to our table pretty quick. Like it wasnt even ten minutes. As I was taking a sip of my soup and eating my vegetables I noticed at least 10 of my vegetables had dirt on them, they were literally turning black already like they were rotting in the fridge and the kitchen still wanted to serve these vegetables. I picked them out and put them on another plate. I could say out of all my vegetables I didnt eat one cabbage at all because there was black stuff on them....like how unappealing! No one wants to eat food with black stuff on them. The broth was good but what really grossed me out was the vegetables that were already turning black!!! I don't think I'll come back here again. It's way overpriced for bad pho, with vegetables literally rotting in my pho. I don't want that and I dont think people should even be eating that!! that's not healthy at all. Yes they do have an A rating, but that's useless and basically fake if your vegetables and food in the kitchen are rotting and you still serve it to customers! That's just a health hazard! Who knows what else they serve that is rotting. This place needs to live up to better standards. Maybe THEN I will come back and try their pho again.....but not for awhile. I can't stand looking at my vegetables all dirty and rotting in my soup.
5	I came here a few years ago and it was good so I decided to come back and try it since I am here for asd. The owner talked to me for a bit, she is a nice lady and told me how the workers they hired before weren't so good so there were a lot of bad reviews. She is there all the time now to make sure things are good. I got the pho one day and the egg noodle the next. Both were good.
1	We came here for lunch before driving back to Sacramento. A friend of ours raved about how great their rice plates were. I ordered the shaken beef rice plate (bo luc lac) and all I can say is that I was NOT IMPRESSED! The rice was dry and the beef was overly cooked. The server (possibly the owner) kept tell using us that everything on the menu was "very very good"! Definitely a place I would never go to ever again!If I had the option to give this place a zero star...I would!
4	I love this pho restaurant. The pho here is amazing, and you have your standard Vietnamese menu. I always go with the beef ball pho. The portions are very generous, and the broth is always on point. Everything is cooked to perfection on the pho side things. I have never had a non-pho dish here, so I cannot comment on the menu items. The restaurant is usually empty during the day which makes it nice for a quiet and intimate lunch or dinner. It doesn't really get busy until later at night when karaoke kicks off and the party gets started. The servers are all extremely nice and very helpful. Overall, this place is great. It is very authentic and great for a quick cheap bite.
1	Service: BadFood: Goi Cuon - Bad!! There was a hair in it!! Server said it's ok because she showered,  took the hair out and gave us back the same one expecting us to eat it. We said no and still got charged for it still too! !Egg roll - Ok. The extra crisp was a good touchPho - Soup was blandPork chop with shrimp and egg - So the server recommended me this dish saying it was the best thing they had. Pork chop was so tough and dry that I couldn't even cut into it!! Adding to that they gave me a butter knife smh Regardless you could tell the pork chop was old and not fresh. Came with some super over cooked grilled shrimp that was super dry as well. Pickled veggies - Horrible!! It was old. Veggies were all soggy and tasted like band aids.  Gag.  SAVE your money.  Don't eat here. That coming from a Hardcore foodie this is a place to pass.
2	A group of friends and I decided to try a new pho spot since our usual late night spot always has a wait time. While the service was fine, nothing spectacular, but nothing terrible, the food was just not up to par. Our shrimp appetizer came out after our pho and was hot tasty. The pho was also bland.The main reason we won't be going back anytime soon has to do with the extremely loud band playing. Granted, we probably should have noted before walking in that the lights were low and there was a stage set up, but goodness! I couldn't hear myself slurping noodles, let alone have a conversation. If in a bind, I may go back, but not if I can help it.
3	This place was good but it had an air of being a disappointment. The owner, I think, or the chef made an extra effort to please us. He took the time to show us how to eat the Pho with meatballs. He mixed a small plate of sauces for us and instructed us on the proper way to eat the meatball in the Pho. It was thoughtful. Then I log into my Yelp and I noticed the bad ratings... I think they were trying to make an effort to be a better place to dine. As for the food, the spring rolls where not the fresh spring rolls we are accustom to having. The soups were fine, I like it quite a bit, lots of noodles full of flavor. I liked the people who ran it, they seemed genuine, but unfortunately with so many options in Vegas we will probably be skipping this place in the future. The significant other didn't like it as much as I did and was a little turned off by the aquariums they had.
3	The apps were great but the pho broth was surprisingly tasteless. There were quite a few veggie choices. The fried tofu in the pho was yummy. Also the service was good.
4	Had the rolls and noodle and steak bowl with fish sauce everything was really good. If you are interested in trying Vietnamese food you will like it. Service was friendly and I tried the 33 beer for the first time-tasted very good. I gave it 4 stars because this is a place I would go to again when I come to Vegas.
1	So I gave this a try... the worst mistake ever was not checking the yelp reviews before giving it a chance.  This place had no chance with me in my books!   First off their live music was loud as hell...  the food was overpriced.  So I thought for the price it better be good. It was all bad.  Spring rolls were dry and lacking all the usual ingredients and flavor.  I asked for a large pho and I got a small.  They did not have my usual satay garlic oil chili sauce.  The waiter insisted the sauce I was speaking about was the fishy shrimp sauce.  The broth had no flavor and adding more sauces did not help the taste at all.  Overpriced. Overated and a disappointment.  It was just sucky if u asked me down the whole line complete fail!
1	I used to love this place. Affordable, tasty and serving size is generous. Today I came in to order their infamous fried tofu and fried egg rolls to go. While driving I could smell the aroma and im just dying to have a bite! Once I got home and had a bite of the tofu first, it was dry and had no flavor what so ever then I tried the egg rolls it tasted horrible like a rotten fried fish. Thats not the only disappointing part of it I only ordered appetizers and was charhed $23.62!!! Wow!! I could have gone to a kbbq and ate AYCE with that price!!! I'm soooo dissatisfied with this order. I'm never coming back unless they change how they cook their food and lower their charges its too expensive!!
5	Best broth in town! I'm a pho-natic and have tried a lot of different places around Chinatown and the southeast side. This place is #1 in terms of flavor and broth.Very accommodating owners. We come in with a large group on Sunday nights with a lot of very specific demands and they always take care of us. But it all comes back to the broth... Rich, complex flavor, perfectly balanced herbs. And they aren't stingy with the meat and other fixings either. Come for the pho, stick to something traditional, leave very very happy.
5	Great Pho. I'm little Saigon area in so cal so I know good pho. This place is good. I have never tried this place due to the bad reviews on yelp. But tried it today and was pleasantly surprised. They have a very big menu. Will definitely come back to try their other dishes!
5	Comfortable setting. Friendly staffs.  Good food. I would come back.
3	Unfortunately my shrimp pho only came with 4 piece of shrimp........... same price as the other guys and only accepted cash. I will have to think twice of this place if I'm in the mood for shrimo ....  3 stars because they were open on new years day And the broth was good.
3	They kept saying everything was out of order. But understandable it was new year day. The pho is good.
1	Gross. We picked this restaurant because the others were so packed and we were starving. The inside decor is pretty, a bit overdone. I suggest for them to use that money and energy on the food. I ordered a small pho with meatballs which is $8.75. What I received was one meatball cut into 5 pieces. Usually one bowl of pho will fill me up and this bowl only did half of the job, sigh. I know it's a small but that portion is inadequate. The soup flavor was tasteless but at least it was warm and fully cooked. Would I come here again? I highly doubt it.
1	Food quality is lousy - service is both unresponsive and unprofessional and the cliente is extremely unfriendly. This shoud sum it up ~ would never return.
