4	Being from the West Coast it has been difficult to find a burger place that tops In-n-Out Burger ... Five Guys comes pretty close making your burger just the way you want it, essentially the perfect burger with fresh fries to go with.  If you are going to order fries, order the small ... they put your fries in a small cup but then they pack your bag with fries as well.  Wished they offered shakes here, but not too disappointed as there is a Coldstone next door.
5	This place is super-fast and great service! The burgers are all world, and the fries are the best you'll ever eat. I ESP like the Cajon fries. You can always get a table, the service has consistently been excellent. You will love it! It's become one of my favorite places to eat. The outside eating area has plenty of tables. Check it out.
5	Holy cow, they have the best burgers in town.  And their fries might be as good as McDonalds.  Disclaimer, i actually can't recall if I have had any burgers in Charlotte apart from five guys.Warning for those who have never been, the regular is a ridiculously proportioned concoction, half a pound I think? And the small is 1/3 of a pound.Also, for those of you who are in-n-out fans, I urge you to try this place.  I think the fries are better, and the burgers are definately comparable.
5	What is not to love?!   Don't forget to share your fries as the portions are huge!
2	This joint gets some rave reviews, but I just don't share the same perspective.  I find the burgers to be greasy (as well as the fries).  The burgers are impressive in terms of size and toppings, but they're a complete mess to eat and make sure you have plenty of napkins.The outdor seating is nice to watch, especially during the warmer months when the shopping center brings out live music and the kids can play on the grass.
5	ZOMG such a delicious burger, and a hefty portion of fries. This NC location was my first 5 guys visit and somehow all other locations pale by comparison, even upon return. I was excited to see 5 guys showing up in my home state but they just aren't as good. The jalapenos seem fresher and spicier here for one. I can't explain it otherwise.
5	Comparing with other "Five Guys" locations, this particular location, in the Blakeney Shopping Center, is one of the best.  This location tends to operate pretty fast and have no issues for unique orders (like well-done fries, I like them crispy).  There is two Coke Freestyle machines (so no waiting behind the kid choosing every flavor) and the boxes of peanuts are usually fresh.  When order is ready, one of the "five guys" will come to your table to hand the food as oppose to simply yelling out your number to pick-up.Always ate there for lunch, which is surprisingly not as busy as one would expect.  However, if school is out, the place does attract a lot of families.  As for the food itself, well... it is a darn good burger, you cannot go wrong here.
5	Staff:  Fast and friendly.Burgers:  Fantastic.Fries:  Cajun.I know this is well-known chain, so you expect its food to be good.  Solely based on the setup of the restaurant though and the people working, it kicks ass.  Parking's a little spotty, but well worth it.
3	The best thing about Five Guys is their fries. They are great and plentiful. Burgers are OK. I think there are juicy options out there at the same price point.
5	Received GREAT service from Five Guys today!  I needed to pick up lunch today for a teacher to celebrate Staff Appreciation Day at our school.  Since this teacher has an early lunch, I needed to make the purchase as soon as Five Guys opened.  Five Guys allowed me to come in to place my order a few minutes prior to them opening.  They were very courteous, the food was well prepared and I was able to get to my destination quickly!I appreciate a restaurant that has EXCELLENT customer service!
