2	Maybe I am missing something but I just didn't find anything special about my sandwich.  Maybe I was expecting more because of all the positive reviews at other locations.  Store was clean and staff was friendly but the sandwich itself was just a notch above a Quizno's or Subway.  I probably won't go back.
5	I love their cheese steak subs. If you want a cold sandwich, try the cole turkey.
4	This is a simple sandwich shop chain I'd wish to see all over Northern California!  The Bobbie, their most popular sandwich, is not your average turkey sandwich.  With slow roasted turkey, fresh cranberry sauce, a layer of homemade stuffing, and mayo....it's like experiencing Thanksgiving anytime of the year!  One of my favorite cold sandwiches on earth.   The Capastrami, their 2nd most popular sandwich, is packed with flavor!  I'm a huge fan of hot pastrami and this pastrami was damn good!  But I wish they had less coleslaw in the sandwich to accomodate more meat.  Their enormous subs and quick and friendly service will expedite my return!  Gotta try the others I've heard so much about...the Capacolla and the Cheese Steak.
5	I've seen them around town but took me so long to actually try it. Definitely one of the better sandwich chains around for sure. Felt like a small unfussy family owned shop....it doesn't feel "corporate".I love shredded turkey sandwiches every style possible, but no sammy shop does it, and I can't  commit to roasting a turkey to make a friggin sandwich. Leftovers is why I love Thanksgiving so naturally I love the Bobbie here....shredded turkey, cranberry,  stuffing, mayo....mmm. Went with the 2nd best seller too to try the populars first. Capastrami was pretty good, but I can never shake my loyalty to Langers in Downtown Los Angeles. Shared the 2 sandwiches with the BF and it was soo filling we still had a piece leftover for a snack so definitely they don't skimp on the fillings.Next time I'm going to try to Slow Be Jo and the Cole Turkey- I love slaw and russian dressing sandwiches! Definitely glad I tried it, just sad it took a while since I thought it was just another deli cut place like Subway or Port-o-Subs. A fan for sure, simply because it's roasted turkey.
5	Excellent sandwiches.  3 out of the 4 times I've gone I've had the Bobbie.  Had a steak and cheese once, but I definitely prefer Thanksgiving on a roll.  May as well try things that you can't get anywhere else.
5	This particular store is always very consistent and the workers are extremely friendly.  Due to a Freudian slip, I accidentally ordered a large Bobbie for me and a large cheese trio for my wife and came  home with 40" of subs!  Oops.  Oh well, nothing like leftovers for the weekend.  It had been awhile since I had ordered from them so I guess I'm making up for lost time.
4	I have always been a big fan of Capriotti's for many years now. I am from philly and it's the closest you will get out here. The last time we went 3 of us split a cheesesteak,cappastrami and a bobbi. They all taste real good but the bobbi had so little turkey on it and seemed to be filled with stuffing. If this was my first time here it would have to get 3 stars but cause of all my others years of great sandwichs i just hope that this was just a bad sandwich maker and will give them the benifit of the doubt.
5	I am in LOVE with the Bobbie. It is my new favorite sandwich in the world and I crave it all the time!Oh wait, I am reviewing the place here. Umm, this location is nice and clean and quite and service was good. They made the sandwiches well and quite quickly.Only sandwiches I order here is the bobbie (a new discovery for me but will be all i get from now on!) and the cheesesteak which I usually order as a mushroom cheesesteak and sometimes add peppers and ketchup. Yum! Great hot sandwich.There are so many locations around Vegas, I love it.
5	Favorite sandwich shop in the valley!Must try the bobbie!  I get it in the 20" variety every time I go
4	I love Capriottis anywhere but this place is close to home and always has prompt service and delicious sandwiches.
4	I've been a fan of Capriottis since my first encounter with the 'Bobbie' at a catered work function. I have since grown to love the 'Capastrami.' It is an amazing sandwhich creation made with pastrami and cole slaw. The 'Bobbie' has turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce and mayo. I haven't had a bad sandwhich from this place, or any other Capriotti's in town. THe cheesesteaks are above par as well. The only issues I have with this chain are the lack of drink varieties and the price. I'm not saying it's not worth the price because inch for inch you're paying for quality meats and condiments. I just think that I would probably eat there more often if it didn't cost me $45 to feed my family of four.
3	I like coming here for their Chicken Cheesesteak with hot peppers to make it extra spicy. A lot of people like their Bobby which is a turkey sub with cranberry and stuffing. This place really has a unique menu which I love. It keeps me coming back. My only complaint is that the staff are young, but I haven't had any issues with them. I wouldn't pay by credit card here since their machine seems sketchy. The place looks like it REALLY needs a GOOD cleaning maybe it's just old.
4	I've been fatting down at Capriotti's Sandwich Shop ever since I set up camp in Las Vegas almost two years ago. Why do I keep returning, you ask? Because I consistently get a good sandwich without the awkward salad-tossing mongoloid named Jared.The meat, vegetables, bread, and just about everything is PERFECT at Capriotti's. Even the service. The ONLY areas that keep them from a perfect rating is price and lack of side dishes. While I understand that I am reviewing a sandwich shop, it frustrates the hell out of me that you can't get a single side dish. ESPECIALLY when you already have stuffing and cranberry sauce (from the Bobbie) and coleslaw (SlawBeJo) for the sandwiches.Capriotti's Sandwich Shop has a massive variety of just about anything you can put between buns (Take those nasty thoughts to the strip, people). With a great selection for EVERYONE, from us normal humans to you tree-humping vegetarians, there is a sexy sandwich waiting for YOU at Capriotti's!PS - One important thing to note about Capriotti's is that the sandwiches/subs/whatever-the-hell-you-get are almost as good the second and third day (due to the greatness of the bread). Take notes, Scrubway.
5	Meat and veggies are fresh, service is great, prices are reasonable and sandwiches are HUGE!My favorites are the bobby and the cole turkey. (Capastrami is uber great, too!) Another nice thing is that they will hollow out the hoagie roll for you if you don't like so much bread.
5	Used to say Subway was my favorite sandwich place but Capriotti's has knocked Subway off its pedestal.  I put a lot of weight on the bread of a sandwich and their's is great.  Just the right amount of chewy.  Tried the Bobby once (very unique) and loved it but keep going back to a basic turkey or roast beef with lettuce, tomatoes, and vinegar and oil dressing with herbs.  Perfect.  I'm usually able to resist their gigantic brownies.  Aren't you proud of me?
5	We have ate at Capriotti's several times and have yet to be disappointed.  The food is always fresh and good.We hadn't realized that we walked in 20 minutes to closing time.  They didn't try to rush us out and were very nice.
5	These sandwiches rock! The bobby is one of the best I've ever had. The ingredients are always fresh and you can't beat the taste.
5	Always solid!  We visited Capriotti's the other day and ordered the same-ole same-ole.....cheese steak sandwiches.  My boyfriend always gets the cheese steak sandwich with onions and peppers and I always get the chicken cheese steak with onions and hot peppers....with a side of mayo and a little salt....Dangalang!  Always fresh, always consistent.  Sadly enough I could eat this everyday.  The small sandwich is more than enough and its so good you cant put it down.  But I must admit that once you devour this amazing sandwich you will be ready for a big fat nap and to stretch out yo belly.On a side note the employees are so nice.  Don't forget to tip them because it certainly is amusing hearing them all say "Beer Money" when they dont even look old enough to drink.  hahah
5	I don't know why I don't go here more often, but I guess it's a good thing as it's the type of thing you could (maybe) get burned out on.... Or I fear the BF will get burned out on it, but my love of Thanksgiving sandwiches will still be on fire. It's not in a busy shopping center, so I don't think a lot of people know it's there, at least I didn't until I searched for one specifically by the house. They have various kinda of sandwiches, cold cuts and hot, but I stick with turkey based sandwiches. Turkey is one of those weird guilty pleasure comfort foods I have so naturally get the Bobbie, and sometimes the Cole Turkey. The BF gets Bobbies or Capastramis. I did try the vegetarian turkey at a event once, and I would be hard pressed to realize that isn't meat.I hear much about their cheesesteaks, and maybeee one day I will bust out my routine and order one.
5	Oooooh the Pastrami is the best!!!  I get a craving for this sandwich!  It's a little  on the pricey side, but I believe they use quality meat and the sandwiches are HUGE!  You try it once, you'll be back again and again!
5	This is a great family owned sandwich shop franchise. All I their sandwiches are good, but their specialty selections are amazing. The Bobbie is amazing, and like thanksgiving dinner on a hoagie. The Cole Turkey, Slaw-be-joe and Capastrami are also amazing. I'd frequently order a large, get it cut into thirds, and have a delicious meal for later. You can call ahead and pick  up the food for later. They also let you get party platters, and the folks at work were always impressed when I bought Capriotti's.
5	mmmmm yummy sandwiches here.  I decided to stop by because I was starving and there was nothing else around.  This was my first time here so I decided to play it safe and order the grilled italian (small).  It was soooo delicious.  The salami was a little on the spicy side for me, but it tasted very good.  I ordered the small one and was only able to eat 1/2 of it.  I grabbed a menu on the way out and plan on being back to try the other flavors.Price wise it was not bad the for the portion size.
5	capriotti's has the best sandwiches!  my favorites are the bobbie and capastrami.  the bobbie is like thanksgiving dinner in a sandwich.  what's good about the capastrami? um, everything!  i can't go without having capriotti's when i'm in vegas.  i frickin wish hawaii had at least one.
1	these people couldn't build a sandwich if their lives depended on it.their idea of building a sandwich consist of quantity over quality . simply put, and don't get me going on their Italian sandwich!
4	The Bobbie is truly amazing!  Though I don't care much for the black & blue salad.  The staff is always friendly which is a plus :). It's great that they use fresh ingredients and they roast their own turkey, but just wish there was an option for a smaller size.
3	The sandwich was good, as I have come to expect from Capriotti's. The Capistrami didn't disappoint and the Mrs. was pleased with her Bobbie. This location doesn't offer fountain drinks, which was a bit of a letdown. Canned sodas are $1.00 and bottles are $1.80. The staff was pleasant and friendly enough. I will return.
5	Amazing meatball sandwich. I came here on a whim because I was at Firestone getting tires changed. The staff is very friendly and if you leave a tip they all shout thank you.
4	Second time here and I like it. Once is an oops, twice is a trend. No fuss no muss no hassle. Nice folks and good eats. What's not to like. Okay, if you're a Coke nut you may have an ish but I'm all about the Dewbish so I'm good to go. If Danny's working when you go in give him a fake name. He's a good sport about it. Not only that but you can tell he does damage to the menu when he's not behind the counter. Good peeps.
5	Really good sandwiches, the bread is fresh, the meat tender, and the spicy peppers will kick up any sandwich. I will continue to eat here, it taste like a great New York Deli sandwich and not like the other sandwich shops with the gross meat that taste wet.
3	Used a CapAddicts coupon today Free Upsize to a 12' from a 9'...It felt like they used the 9' steak and put it on a 12' bun...Not as much meat as I've been accustomed to from Cap's BUT still Delish just left me wanting more (I know p.i.g. oink oink)
1	I used to order delivery from here every time I had a day off. Call today and it's a 30$ minimum and a 4$ charge. No way I'm gonna pay that and a tip
5	The Bobbie is the greatest creation known to man. Being that there are like a million locations in las Vegas, this has to be the best one in the north west area. They are very friendly and are quick to greet anyone who walks through their doors. I've never had any problems with food or service at this location or any other for that matter. This is a truly classy sub spot for a good price!
5	This is hands down the BEST place for a sub!!!! I have been to several different locations and have always had super friendly service and great quality food. Luckily there are many throughout the Vegas area but I would drive all day long to get to one of them. If you haven't tried it, you have been missing out! P.S Don't forget to leave the staff some "beer money" (tip)! :)
4	Capriottis has many delicious subs. I know there are alot of "Bobbie" fans out there but I must say I prefer the capastrami.  The coleslaw on the hot grilled pastrami with extra 1000 and melted swiss is absolutly amazing.  I had the "Slaw be Jo" last time and I remebewr this sandwich being hot.  This go around It was cold roast beef and to be honest I was very dissapointed. Just my opinion.  You can never go wrong with a "Philly" from here.
5	I rarely give 4 stars on yelp.  This place deserves it.  There is no doubt that they are using high quality ingredients.  My wife, her sister, and I were all completely satisfied with each of our sandwiches.  We will be back.
5	We have looked all over Las Vegas for a great sandwich shop, and finally found it.  We can't believe it was right around the corner from us, great service, always as quick as possible and very well done.  All around good people, good value, and great sandwiches, a definite recommendation.
4	Hoagies are ok.I go there mainly to buy the Wise chips I used to eat as a kid back in PA.Until they get Cheez Whiz, they get 4 stars.
