3	If your kid is under school age it is a good museum. It's a little boring for those over 6. For the size of Madison having a childrens museum at all is an accomplishment.
4	We spent many rainy days at the Children's Museum by the Historical Museum while I was growing up, so I was excited to take my younger brothers -- ages 10 and 14 -- to the new one. It is bright, colorful, and attention-grabbing the minute you walk in the door. We didn't make it past the first water fountain for a good 15 minutes -- turning a wheel changes the water pressure, challenging you to find the sweet spot that brings the spout of water parallel to the slide, waiting to carry the ball away. After finally tearing ourselves away, we stumbled into a sunken area with mazes of tunnels, a sensory water hut, and small pods perfect for curling up with a book. Then, we realized it was meant for ages 6 and under. Oops. More highlights: Crazy tunnel area on the second floor. Art area (especially the decorated bottle caps that made up the walls). Screen that senses your facial expressions, creating animal noises that match what you do (yawn = deafening lion roar). Hamster/people wheel.It also looks like they have pretty good, healthy food in the cafe, although we were full of farmer's market goodies and so didn't try anything.
5	This place is an awesome mix of educational play for young children. Just got the family+ membership so we can go to this 1 or any other one we may be around for the next year. We got the grandmas covered too if they ever have the kiddos & want something cool to do w/ them :) It is a great cause and a great savings if u go multiple x's a year like we do!
5	My 2 1/2 year old daughter loved it.  There were even baby chicks in the rooftop garden.  We could have spent all day there had it not been for nap time.  A great addition to the Madison downtown area.
5	This is a really amazing children's museum.  We are from the Chicago area, so we have a few really good children's museums here.  This one competes well with the Chicago ones.  My near 4 year old loved the telephone booth, pizza area, lego displays, and the nest area downstairs.  The water play area was very popular with him too.  Parking is cheap, well when your used to Chicago prices it is.  It was 23 bucks for the 3 of us to get in.  A great value.  The roof has a beautiful roof top garden and live chickens!  The chickens were friendly.  We will back for sure!
4	Having gotten into parenting phase of our life, we inevitably discovered the concept of children's museums.  Just so that you know where I am coming from, this our 4th museum we discovered after visiting 3 in northern Illinois (Dupage, Kohl's, Rockford). I am not giving a complete overview of what's there, just some of the highlights I remember a few weeks after the visit.The museum is in Madison downtown area, a few blocks from the Capitol building.  It has its own parking (fee) which I assume quickly fills up on weekends.  There is a tiny gift shop by the entrance.  Inter-museum membership is accepted.The museum itself is small, but is full of unique activities.  Downstairs was area for exploring cabins, pretend garden, a cart to move produce, small slide, and the favorite: water play area (somewhat small).  Upstairs features a extensive crawl maze for bigger kids, pretend jeep, pretend rocket (with sounds), hamster wheel for kids, pretend kitchen, and craft area.  The craft area has big glass panes where kids could sponge and finger paint.  Easy to miss is the natural/planted roof, definitely worth a visit.Even though this place is small, our 2y an 4y enjoyed it, and we agreed that in the space smaller then other museums they packed a lot of fun activities.  On the down side, I would not go to this place with a kiddo before 2y (not much to do).
4	Pretty lovely little Children's Museum!  Our little girl is still a bit too little to enjoy this place, but my husband and I really had a nice time walking around here.  I gotta say, I spent close to a dozen years in Chicago and spent an enormous amount of time at the Chicago Children's Museum and while I  prefer that one to this one - this one is still very very nice and should not be missed by families with little one.  I appreciate their focus on the environment here and loved the rooftop garden!  There didn't seem to be as much hands on stuff as I would like - no big water works area, digging area, etc.  I really really enjoyed that the little kid area had a great little room to nurse babies, with a comfy couch, fridge, etc. - how terrific!  I look forward to our next visit when our little girl will most likely enjoy it a bit more!
5	1 - as a museum, this place is great. From the standpoint of a teacher, I love it. So much to do, see, and experience. Truly a hands-on learning mecca.2 - As an event space, MCM is AMAZING. We recently held our wedding reception there and the museum staff did nothing but impress me. For large event spaces in the Madison area, the prices are competitive. They even have chairs and some tables available to rent from them for a far far less costly price than if you were to rent from the usual events rental type places.I first met with Sara S, the events manager (and later with Sarah B., who was taking over her position) to learn more about the space, rates, etc. She was so thorough and descriptive about what they could offer, what was allowed and not allowed, etc. that I signed a contract on the day. It was just what we were after: a unique space that would allow for our smallish wedding to have a fun and special evening. We rented the whole museum which allowed us use of the 2 main floors + the roof.The day of the reception my contact was Michael who was absolutely one of the best venue managers I've ever dealt with (in college I did a lot of campus event planning and have experience organizing big things - this dude was a superstar). When our plans for getting our decor home on the night had a sudden change, he accommodated us kindly and we adjusted our plans. When we weren't sure what to do with our beautiful (but admittedly not practical for non-party purposes) paper decorations, he let us know that the art studio in the museum is happy to accept donations. This was great! As a teacher coming from a family of teachers, knowing that I could donate my decorations to the museum where they'd get reused and turned into the creation of a child was FABULOUS. The museum employees helped us to clean up (which I had been told would not be part of the deal). They just continued to amaze all night. If you're considering having any sort of unique special event in Madison, I urge you ton consider MCM. Trust me: a large group of adults + a giant climber + a human-sized hamster wheel is possibly even more fun than a group of kids in the same environment. And cocktails at sunset on the roof garden? You can't beat those city views. I loved my wedding reception and it's very much due to the great work and effort of the event staff at MCM.
3	I'm sure I'm spoiled living by three awesome children's museums in the Chicagoland area, but this place was just okay.  There were not that many things to do.  I think the things my son liked the most was running around the under 5 area (literally, just running), making pretend pizza, and painting on the wall.  The part my husband and I liked was the roof top area with a nice view of the capitol building.  They did have a cool art area, but my 2 year old was too young.  I don't think I would go back here.
5	This museum has changed location many times.  Some of my best childhood memories where at the Madison Children's Museum.  I'm so happy I can now take my niece and nephew to their amazing location.  We always have a blast!
2	I Really really want to love this place and for my kids to love it but it is just ok. For one the hours stink. Closed on Mondays in a town this size is ridiculous and on top of that they close at 5pm on most days except Thursday. There really wasn't all that much for my 2 and half year old to do and practically nothing for my crawling 9 month old except for this tiny padded area with very few toys in it. So I end up carrying the 9 month old most the time which is not a pleasant experience since he wants to explore. My 2 and a half year old will play on the lowest lever for a while but the art room and upper floors are completely lost on him. Im also surprised they don't have more stuff for them to climb on and pretend with. Seems too limited to me. Parking is an ordeal on most day and when ever I think about going back I end up deciding its not worth the effort.
5	This is an incredibly designed play area. My 10-month-old crawled the length of a hanging walkway enclosed by vertebrae bones, sat in a treehouse entranced by Tegu magnetic wooden blocks, whooshed down a slide carved out of a log, stuck a toe in a steaming-but-cold water fountain (she wanted to play there, but I didn't have a decent change of clothes), watched a turtle treading water, donned a conveniently placed little poncho to get fresh air on the roof garden, couldn't look away from a water tornado while we took a break in the cafe, and interacted with kids in a range of ages. We came in the morning for a singalong and went back again in the afternoon. I can't believe anyone would say their kids find little to do here. I live in Seattle and would practically buy a plane ticket to let my babe climb that crazy rope thing when she's old enough. What a special place.
2	Compared to the ones I've seen in Chicago, Naperville, IL, and Indianapolis, this one was nothing special. Nevertheless my kids, ages 5 & 8, who I thought might be too old for it, had a great time. They spent the most time in the Art Studio. After 3 hours I practically had to drag them out.
2	I was so excited to visit the Museum with my 6 & 2 year olds.  We went to the Minnesota children's museum a year ago and my kids loved it so I had high expectations.  Unfortunately I was not very impressed.  First off I'm glad I got a Groupon deal because it would not have been worth the almost $8 charge for each of us.  My kids had fun but my 6 year old was disappointed because at the Minnesota Children's museum they had a little play restuarant and play grocery store and here they only had a play pizza restuarant.  The girls loved painting on the glass!
5	You can never be too old to act like a kid again, and the Children's Museum will do just that. Their seasonal Adult Swim programs will unleash your inner wild-child, and have you running about this place in utter amusement. The content this place lacks is more than made up by its fun appeal. Giant hamster wheels to run in? Glow in the dark face painting? Slides to climb up and down? Man this place has everything!Oh, and for the icing on the cake, no kids and they sell alcohol! Are you sold yet? Huh? Huh? I thought so :)
5	You can buy bus tickets from here also
4	We have a year round pass here for a reason.  Kids love coming here over and over again.  Sometimes we don't go for a month and then everything is new and fun again.  Go just for the outside garden/ animal deck on the top floor.  One day just go to play in the art area, its hard to do it all in one visit.No matter what the age of your child there is plenty to do here.  There are some busy times that are just too loud for me, but most kids don't care.There is a food place on the main floor which is decent pizza, snacks and drinks.  That's a plus so that you don't have to leave the building.I would like to attend more of their special classes but unfortunatley they are often in the middle of the day.  Not good for working mum's to be taking kids downtown.Overall I would give the museum a B+They always try hard to make each child have a good time.
5	Fun place for any child, My daughter loves it here, they always have great exhibits and lots of things for children to do...
3	A little disappointed at the amount of stuff to do, but still fun.
4	Because I am an adult and not a child (no matter how much I wish the reverse were true), this is a review for Adult Swim. Adult Swim is a great concept. Friday night + booze + puzzles + games + crafts = way too many things I like in one neat little package. They've got some decent beer offerings to boot!Climb on the play structure, construct a giant fort, walk around the rooftop garden, hold a live chicken. That chicken might not be too grateful that you've had too many beers and are contemplating smuggling him out under your jacket, but that's another story.My only qualm with Adult Swim is that I always leave wishing there were just a little bit MORE. Maybe I'm just romanticizing the Children's Museum from my own tottish days, but I think the ratio of cool enticing activities to just standing in a neat space drinking a beer is a bit off. That being said, I like standing in a neat space drinking beer, so I'll be back!
4	Adult Swim at the Museum was fantastic!Thinking about going to Adult Swim?  I would stop thinking and start doing.  Try to get there early so you can experience it all.  From the moment you walk in, you are overwhelmed with how many things you can do and experience.  We got there about 15 minutes after it started and it was already bustling with activity.We started at the top and worked our way down.  I was surprised how large the garden was.  It spans the whole the roof.  My recommendation?  Do not wear heels.  There are three flights of stairs to climb.  Someone said there was an elevator but I thought it would be no big deal.  False, they make you work for it.  The roof top is amazing.  It has tall glass barriers so you have an amazing view of the lake.  I have never experienced Madison like I did from the crow's nest they have up there.  There is a little house up there with animals.  They have turtles, snakes AND CHICKENS!! Oh and pigeons.  You can feed chickens!  They are sooo big!I wish I had a child because this floor alone made me want to stay at the museum all night.  There was a movie set-up that was happening later.  I got really involved with the rest of the activities that I forgot.  However, it was a great mini-theater and would have liked to go up there.  Now the second floor...there were numerous things to touch and play with.  They had a presenter explaining nano-technology.  There were experiments going on as well.  Unfortunately, when we got there, they were not ready.  And when we came back thirty minutes later, the line was monstrously long.  It looked amazing  but we wanted to do downstairs and see the Blue Monkey sideshow.  Too many things to do!  We went into the dark room.  It was amazing!  As a kid, I know I would have never left that area!  Take a picture and your shadow stays?!  It was right out of Peter Pan.  We constructed, ran on the hamster wheel (which is hung over the side of the catwalk on the second floor) and slid down the slide to watch the side show.Now the sideshow was not exactly my cup of tea.  Most of the people who I was surrounded by were definitely loving it.  I am just not into hooks going into body parts and then carrying large weights.  The juggling was amazing.  And to be honest, my husband loved the man who held a bowling ball by a hook that went through his tongue.  It just was not my thing.  Overall, I would recommend going to this event.  It was such a fun Friday night.  It is nice to forget your age and just have fun.  OH!!!  I forgot one more thing.  Beer!  They have a bar.  So you can enjoy a nice spotted cow while building with legos.
1	Bait and switch.  They'll let your children participate in creating a craft and then charge you to keep it.
5	I am a bit biased here, I have two kids, so any place that keeps them happy for longer  then 20 minutes is going to get a great review from me. :) But, this really is a five star children's museum. I have been to many and this one takes the cake. It is unassuming from the outside but there is so much to do at the museum. Here are the highlights for my kids, things we have not seen at any other children's museum: - The life size gerbil wheel that the kids can spin with their own legs. -The climbing balls that are two stories high - they kind of give me anxiety to see my 6 year old that high off the ground, but she LOVES them. -The flash room. A room where every 10 seconds a light flashes and your shadow is captured on the wall for a brief period of time. I have to admit this is one of my favorite rooms as well. -The art room. My daughter could spend an hour plus in there alone. This past Saturday they had beautiful fresh flowers for the kids to create with. Wonderful! -The garden and "farm" area on the roof. Be careful, you could miss this one since it is on the roof, but you don't want to, it's one of our favorite places. The activities are always changing up there depending on the season. The price is reasonable, less expense then most bouncy house places, and with so much more to offer. On the first floor there is a baby area that is soft and fenced in...great for younger children like my 10 month old. He is able to explore age appropriate objects while only falling on soft surfaces. Love it! I am a fan!
1	Monday,  December 30 was my family's first trip to the Madison Children's Museum. It will probably be the last trip for everyone in our group, made up of three adults and two children under 1 came to visit. We spent all of our time in the 5 and under area. Unfortunately this area was mostly occupied by children much older than 5. Two children at least 7-8 years old jumped into the "baby pit" area while my 9-month old son was crawling in there. Two older boys probably 9 years old were throwing vegetables into the baby area from the skywalk and almost hit myself and my friend's 6-month old baby. Staff in the area didn't make any attempt to discourage this behavior or tell those kids to stop. Meanwhile at the admissions desk 2-3 staff members were chit-chatting about all sorts of personal things while there was a line of people waiting to pay. It was a VERY disappointing and unsafe experience for my family. I don't see the need to ever come back.
5	We travel. A lot.  And with a 2-year-old, we are incredibly lucky to have been to many cities with incredible places for children. In fact, just two days before our first visit to this museum, we had been to the one in Chicago, and in my opinion, this one was overall a better experience.So great that the under-5 area had so much going on, and was actually supervised. My daughter, while only two, has very minimal patience for "baby" things, and she LOVED this area. Upstairs, the art room was so incredible, and we were able to participate in a clay class during our 2nd visit there (we went twice within our 4 days in Madison). Each visit, my daughter played until she could literally not stand straight anymore...4.5 hours each time. She took a 3 hour nap back at the hotel then went to bed peacefully that night. THANK YOU, Madison Children's museum!!! :)
5	If you want to see a kid lose his/her head in pure excitement, take them to the madison children's museum (especially if they are between the ages of 1-8). When you walk in, there is a beautiful water activity and then a giant hamster wheel that kids can run in. Every child in the place is running around screaming and laughing and interacting with the exhibits.  I have only been twice and the visits were about a month apart. The cool thing was they had new exhibits and new activities.There is a stroller check in area, a nursing hut and a cafe. Otherwise the rest of the area is dedicated to cool activities for the kids. If you haven't been and you have a child between the ages of 1-8 and you are in downtown madison, you should at least stop by. At minimum you should get a tired out kid and at least a nap at the end of the visit.
4	The adult nights are great fun! I don't have kids at all, but it seems like a place they'd enjoy!
5	Cool space with lots of areas for kids to create!! Although this place is not huge the space is well utilized. We went with a five year old, 2 1/2 year old, and a seven month old. The entire group had a great time and each found areas to enjoy, even the baby!! As a nursing mom, I loved the little cabin with a couch that can be used to breastfeed your baby. It can also be used as a quiet space to give your child some time to relax. It was incredibly well staffed and the staff monitored children and kept the areas tidy. Would definitely visit again next time we visit Madison.
1	This review is specifically for birthday parties held at the museum. Scheduling and working with the event coordinator Sarah Davidson was smooth. She was responsive and we had only one hiccup regarding the time and date of the party. I requested a dinosaur themed party for an extra $40. Complete waste of money. According to the website the activity includes creating a dinosaur mask and seeing an erupting volcano. Dino mask consisted of the children being offered a plain white mask, glue, sequins, and foam cutouts (hearts, shapes). Basically nothing dinosaur themed there. Staff attending my party were inattentive. They had no interest in interacting with the children or parents. They stood around with hands in their pockets gossiping about their own lives. I had to ask one of them three times for help on the same issue. She still had a bewildered look on her face as to why I was speaking to her. Staff in general seem to be part time college students. I would expect a college student to know how much baking soda and vinegar would be needed to erupt the volcano. Sadly, the staff member took a few tries before getting the volcano to erupt. I have no idea how much training staff get but they could use a refresher on how not to disappoint 15 five year olds. I ordered favor bags at $4.25 a pop. Laughable. Save your money and do it yourself. Parking at the children's museum is always a hassle. I was extremely upset to arrive that morning for an 11am party to find out that the parking garage was closed to patrons because of a wedding to be held at the museum that night. The food had to be catered from museum approved vendors. We ordered from the Roman Candle. The food was correct, on time and tasted great. The cake was from Carls Bakery and was also good. The museum is great to visit and your kids will be entertained for at least half a a day. Birthday parties not so much.
4	I don't have kids, and I'm not a huge fan of them in general, so I've never had much reason to visit this place. However, some friends invited me to attend an "Adult Swim Trivia Night" here; I'm glad that I went.- $14 to play a game of trivia with totally worthless prizes? (We won first place and were rewarded with a $0.99 (yes, the price tag was still on it) stuffed animal... second place was awarded 4 free entries to a future Adult Swim event, and third place was awarded free drinks... seems odd)+ I realize the $14 wasn't a fee from the MCM- SUUUUUUUUUUPER slow elevators. Like ridiculously slow. I lazily walked the stairs and beat the elevator every time+ Fun exhibits; I can see how little kiddos would enjoy the venue+ Well lit, labeled, and laid out; easy to navigate+ Cool little snack areaThe true gem, though is the rooftop garden. Wow. Very nice, very enjoyable.If you happen to have kids, I'd suggest checking it out. I have a feeling they'd really enjoy it, especially if they're aged between 4-ish and 14-ish.
