4	VERY clean bowling alley! I came here with my husband and his friends for their bowling tournament. Seems like a popular place. Hubby ordered chili cheese dog and fries from the concession and the fries were good, dunno about the rest because he would have given me the chili cheese dog if I had so much as salivated at it. Anyhow I'm a fan. I heard on the loudspeaker that they had $1 play that night so a buck a game. The best thing to me is that for those that don't want to bowl there is an arcade and also it's part of the Sunset Station Hotel and Casino so gambling galore. No smoking in the alley I believe but right outside the doors (not outside,  just in the lobby).
4	I like this bowling alley a lot and it is usually the one I frequent the most. Came here for a CMYE event which was totally a blast. We had a big group and took up 4 lanes at the far left side. Getting shoes and games set up was easy and playing was fun, didn't run into any snags at all. About an hour before we left the lights dimmed on our side to play a Bob Marley tribute movie which kind of killed the bowling mood. My only gripe really is that they play awful music and videos on any given night including cosmic bowling. The snack bar is really decent and I got a good deal there. I was originally going to get a cheese pizza for $5.99 and a soda, but for $6.99 there is a deal for the same pizza, fries, and a small drink. Not too bad for $1 more! I'm glad the guy behind the counter let me know about that. The food was hot and good and definitely hit the spot. I will definitely have to come back for their $1 snack bar deals and $1.50 bowling sometime!
4	Inexpensive bowling, inexpensive drinks.  Great place for a night out with friends.  I have been there several times on Saturday nights for a girls night out.  There are always lanes available.  The place is super clean and the shoes don't smell.  The bar is a nice place to hang out while you wait for friends.  I would recommend to anyone.  True that their sister place down the street on Sunset is cheaper, but there is so much more that the casino offers for after bowling like bar, ice cream, or the movies.
3	This bowling alley is decent. I treated my younger siblings for a late night out and we had a good time. The alley was clean and they served alcohol (always a plus which was fairly priced compared to what I'm used to paying in LA). I went around 11pm and there were A LOT of middle school kids hanging out and "getting fresh" but not bowling. During my last game, the game froze about 4-5 times (the piece that drops down to reset your pins). A maintenance man came by once and when I asked for help he replied with a smart ass comment. At the end of my game, I was offered a $0.45 refund. Laughable. I'd only return if I were completely inebriated.
4	We bowl here weekly for a league. Best bowling alley in town.
5	What can I say :) nice bowling alley, I like it when they have cosmic on one side and regular bowling on the other side.Cant go wrong with the prices :) and $1.50 specials are going on as I speak. Nice and clean :) food is pretty good and the lanes are pretty nice. Would suggest these lanes for any avid bowler or anyone looking to just have some fun with your friends :)
4	I can't go bowling anywhere else...before midnight. Sunday through Thursday, after midnight, each game is only $1.00! My hubby and I bowl regularly and once we discovered that bowling here was a buck after midnight, we made it a ritual to go at least once a week. Other than the fact that the lady who rings us up is kinda weird and doesn't listen to you, and you get stuck by either really annoying people or those "young un's" on dates that have nowhere to go, so they go bowling and suck face after every frame,  the place is okay.I love that there's no smoking in the bowling area. That doesn't stop people from trying, but generally, it's nice to bowl without running the risk of developing emphysema. Bowl after 1am and there are a few regulars, people on dates, some even bringing their kids and bowl while they entertain their dates at the bar (yes, this happens and it shocks me every time), and then the bar closes. Bowl after 2am and you basically have the place to yourself...and the weird lady behind the counter who put the TV on behind her on and watched Criminal Minds or Law and Order SVU if it's on. Bowl after 3am and you really are by yourself and the weird lady with no personality. Maybe a security guard or custodian. And by then, you are now bowling a 45 and need to go home. I love this place. But I REFUSE to give it a 5 because of the weird lady with no personality to never listens. We ask every single time, "Can we have a lane far from everyone?" She says, "Okay," but never does it. **Plus its 8 minutes away from my house. 6 if I hit all the greens! :D
5	I am now giving it a 5 because recently when we went, the weird lady was nice and apparently asks my husband, "Where's your lady friend?" When he told her that I stopped going bowling because people were annoying, she moved us PLENTY lanes over so we were bothered by the boisterous young'uns. Hahaha
4	Great Staff and a wonderful family place to go! :)
4	the on campus bowling ally of the sunset station casino. $4.75 per game for cosmic bowling on a saturday night = strikeover 60 lanes so you are not crowded next to each other = strike #2full service bar = Turkey!clean shoes = Hambones!video screens playing 80's and 90's music videos (billy idol and price = Yahtzee!best of all, henderson's 11pm teen age curfew is strictly enforced = Wild Turkey!bottom line? pick a lighter ball, you are not as strong as you think you are, and please, don't wear one of those wrist guard thingy... you look lame. you will have a blast here... great service, great atmosphere, and great bowling.
5	I only have positive things to say about this place. First let me say they keep it in great condition and have an excellent staff. Dianne who works the registers is always really helpful putting me on a lane where I wont embarrass myself too much. The gentleman in the pro shop has been nothing but helpful while I try to master the art of bowling. 1$ games after midnight during the week (really helpful when you are learning how to bowl). Cosmic bowling is suitable for a group of friends or family as this bowling center never really has any issues with people getting out of hand. Definitely my top pick for bowling in Vegas.
3	No 9# balls available, hot as heck in there with 72 lanes, 1000+ bodies & hundreds of tv's & computers, and 2 people at the front desk checking people in...not a earth-shattering experience, but I guess it was ok.
4	I know that are a lot of bowling places in Las Vegas.  We went here to attend a Birthday party.  It was mainly adults but we had our kids.  Our 2 year old like to throw things so this was right up her "Alley!"  You see what I did there?  Nevermind.  They actually have these ramps that the small kids can use to roll their ball.  The party even had their own waitress if you can call them that.  The only concern I have with the place is that the table are really close to each other.  They really try to pack in the people.  If you have little ones, then this is the spot.  Go check it out!  Cheers!
4	Sometimes it's pretty crowded and the staff is not too friendly (stress?).  Other than that, they have a lot of lanes so I've been lucky to not ever have to wait.  The cosmic bowling is a lot of fun and the prices are pretty reasonable too.  The snack bar offers a kids menu, I've been to a few differnt bowling places in Vegas and Hawaii and I've never seen a kids menu.  This was a major plus!  All around this place is great!
4	Sometimes size DOES matter, and when it does, bigger is better!I was planning a date night for a recent Thursday night, and I wanted to go bowling. I didn't want to deal with bowling leagues taking up all of the lanes, so I specifically looked for a large bowling alley... Strike Zone Bowling Center is the largest alley in town, with 72 lanes! I figured there was no way all those lanes would be taken... and when we arrived we were happy to see that while there was a lot of people bowling, there was no wait for a lane.We paid for 2 games and rented some shoes from a friendly enough employee, then grabbed some balls  and got down to business. We didn't use bumpers, but I thought it was really cool that you could specify if the person bowling wanted them (making this a great spot to take kiddies!). We didn't get any food or booze, but for those that want to there is a snack bar and a separate bar. Another reason to love Strike Zone: 1.50 games after 9 pm on Monday-Thursday!I'm looking forward to going back to check out Cosmic Bowling on a Friday or Saturday night soon!
5	Came here with the family and our friend and his son.  Only part of the group arrived at 5:45PM I was going to wait by the clerk told me that the rates go up at 6PM.  So, I got to buy at that time and then my friend and his son got his shoes when he arrived.   I thought that was awesome.  We got two lanes so bumper bowling on one and the pros on the other (I bowl 100 so I am trying to make myself feel good)  We all enjoyed it.  We had one time where there were problems with the pins not resetting but the staff came less than 5 minutes to fix the problem.  I loved seeing so many families out this evening bowling.  My daughter got a few strikes and she was so excited running into her Daddy's arms, moment=priceless.  My only complain or suggestions is to reduce the price of the games in the arcade.  $1.00 doesn't go far.  But, how I look at it we are not Chuckie Cheese which we frequent a lot.  Loved Strike Zone and so does my family and friends.
4	not bad! it's actually super nice. EXTREMELY SPACIOUS. when i say extremely spacious, i'm talkin bout 72 LANES spacious! largest bowling alley that i've been to so far. It's very well kept, clean, but staff is not very helpful. I think they are lazy to traverse 72 lanes to help people with their problems. if you want to complain or anything, you need to go to the front desk..which i believe is near lane 33. haha i think if it was popular an dmore poppin, with loud music and more people, i'd be more interested...but it's really just a place of relaxation. we got this event free, so it was kinda sick. BOWLING! yayuh!
5	This place is fun. It's even made me like bowling again. Very clean, there's plenty of space, so you're not on top of the next group that's bowling. They have the usuals- a bar, game room, arcade (that could use some updating!) and small snack bar. It has its own restrooms, so you don't have to venture into the casino. The prices are also reasonable for being inside a casino. I've been here at night (I think on a weekend?) and they had music and light shows goingt. I've gone on a weekday afternoon and it was pretty dead. If you like the quiet and privacy, check it out then.
4	72 lanes.  Come on now, people.  That's pretty awesome.  However, I have to knock this bowling alley down a notch simply for the staff.  Boy, some of the people they have working later at night are real creepers.  Also, as some others have mentioned, some workers are LAZY.  One late evening, we were having trouble with our lane to the point that someone needed to come over to service it.  It took TWENTY MINUTES for someone to come over and help us.  There were only a few occupied lanes, so it wasn't that it was busy.  THAT would be something I could understand.  You know what was holding up the process?  Funyuns.  The lady was eating what appeared to be Funyuns and took her sweet time finishing the whole bag and then drinking part of a Mountain Dew before gracing us with her presence.  If it was her break or mealtime, I wish she would have sent someone else over.  It also would have saved us from the ensuing Funky Funyun Breath.Anywho, it's still a good place.  If the worst thing I have to complain about it Funyun breath, we're in business.
4	Great deal for the middle of the week. A few friends and I came here to bowl on a Tuesday afternoon because they offer a deal of 100 points equals a dollar. Normally, it is 1000 points for every dollar. So we were able to bowl for close to nothing. When I was in my teenage years, Strike Zone and the Wildfire were the places to go for bowling. The latter tends to be smaller and hard to get a lane, but the SZ hardly has a wait. The only time you have to contend for time is during league. Go in the afternoon to avoid most of that. The lanes tend to stall from time to time. A simple hit of a button gets everything back on line within seconds. After all these years, it is still a nice place to hang out with friends. The bar within opens up at night and makes getting drinks easier.
4	Great place for family and friends. Open 24 hours a day 7 days a weekLots of great deals... Games for $1.50...Only $1 after midnight...$3.75 for shoe rentalCosmic Bowling on Friday 9pm-2am and Saturday 6pm-2amThey have summer camp specials for kids which include bowling and movies for a low price.If you're hungry, they currently have $2 food specials until 11pm.
2	Went last night with a few friends. We waited in line for almost an hour just to bowl. Then to add insult to injury when we got to the counter the lady was kinda rude to us and sent us to a lane that was already occupied by someone else. When we went back to let her know, she seemed irritated as she grabbed our ticket and just mumbled where to go next. There wasn't a league or speacial going on, so Im not sure why it was so crowded, but the system they had in place was just flawed. There was no communication amongst stafff members and who knows where the manager was while the two ladies upfront were placing people on waiting lists and then forgetting about them. We quickly bowled then got out of there. Oh, then I woke up this morning to find that she didn't just charge me for 1 game of bowling and shoes but 3!!!!!! Oh course I have been trying to call the alley, but no one has answered....figures.
4	I wasn't expecting a lot but I was pleasantly surprised.It doesn't seem as big as some of the newer, bigger casinos with bowling alleys. It didn't feel old or outdated. Good bar with cheap prices is always a plus. Lots of balls of all weights, I hate when I can't find a light ball with adult finger holes. The shoes looked new too, so I wasn't grossed out putting them on. It was a busy Friday night at the lanes, but lines went quickly. We were able to get 2 lanes without waiting. We were having a birthday party and there was lots of room for presents and cake and spectators to just hang out while we bowled. As we were getting ready to leave the music kicked up and the lights went out, they must do Cosmic bowling on Friday nights!I would recommend this alley for bowling.
5	Compared to other bowling centers around the US, this is a good place and awesome feel!
5	Located inside the Sunset Station Hotel Casino. This extra swanky bowling ally has great deals both on bowling and food. If you find yourself on the Eastside and want to take it easy this is your place! Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	Fun, but bar closes at 1am
4	Located inside the Sunset Station Hotel Casino, if you want to avoid walking through the casino portion, you can swing around to the back and it'll put you right at the entrance.  Fairly standard bowling alley with 72 lanes.  We showed up at the tail end of a tourney on a Saturday and we were able to get a lane right away.  Definitely a HUGE plus.  I know I've tried to get lanes during tourneys at other places and either get turned away or given a insanely long wait time.   The place itself seems clean and well maintained.  I slightly expected something a little more fancy based on others reviews (no idea why), but it was just a standard bowling alley that's been kept up well and upgraded to keep with the times.  The prices aren't outrageous and it looks like weekdays are extremely cheap.I'm sure I'll come back here if the mood ever "strikes" again.
5	Big bowling alley, cosmic bowling, cheap games, nice attendants, pitchers of beer. Yes please. Fun low key night. Good for couples, groups or kids
5	Check their schedule for Cosmic Bowling, where the music is loud, the lights are off, and your bowling area is flooded with purple light  - but don't plan on a lot of talking.  Cosmic Bowling is a fun way to spend an hour or two with friends and family, but if you want to chat or practice your game, I would come during open bowling - just as fun, but with the lights on!My whole family enjoys meeting our friends to bowl here.
5	Cosmic Bowling - YES! Beer and Foods - YES! Good Prices - YES! Clean Shoes - OMG YES! Awesome staff - Katherine is the best! I only wish they had more options for balls. Other than that - this place rocks as a bowling alley!
5	Ask for Johnny in the pro shop if your buying any bowling equipment. He's awesome. Very helpful. They didn't have the bowling bag I wanted so he ordered it for me and matched the online bag price. Also helped me pick out balls which I had no clue to buy because I was buying as a gift.
4	I've been to the New Orleans bowling alley and this one, and I would go out of my way any day to come here instead. This place has a way better atmosphere in my opinion.Open 24hrs and with quite a few lanes, you rarely have to wait to bowl here. They have $1.50 games during the week and Sundays. Their customer service in the front isn't the best, but it's not terrible either, so I docked a star for that. Other than that, you are bound to have an awesome bowling experience here.
4	A little expensive but the Neon bowling was a total hit with the kids! A must!
5	Great atmosphere and fun place to bowl.  Might even see a celebrity or two.
5	This place is great.  Very child friendly and the chicks that work their must have two jobs.  First job=bikini model. Second job work at a bowling alley.
3	My husband and I had a fun date night here. Clean bowling alley and pretty good snack bar. My only complaint is how expensive it was for the two of us to play 2 games. I wish they had bogo offers for locals, we would return a lot more often.
3	To the management of StrikeZone Bowling Center. I have a bone to pick with You. You have a great facility but if u want to keep your league bowlers you need to do a whole lot of maintenance. Mainly your pinsetters almost every lane I have bowled on has some problem or another pins not being picked up or if it does pick it up the tongs miss spot it.  And every week the lanes are nowhere near the same condition as the week before. Not a big deal to be a little different but when you are 20 boards different from week to week you need to do some serious maintenance on your lane machine. And as a friendly reminder regular buffing of your approaches would not hurt either.Sincerely Tim B.
4	Honestly a very surprising good time.  Who would'a thought? We were going to go to Southpoint but this (because of the Groupon) was $70 less for 10 people / 2 hoursThis is the ideal bowling alley if you have kids (aside from the cloud of smoke in there and the adjoined casino.  The reason it's worth risking the black lung is because the bumpers automatically go up and down for each bowler.If you go here you need to get the Groupon and be comfortable with and ready for the lane to stop working 3-4 times / 2 hour session.If you're patient and just looking for a good time then check it out.
2	First time bowling in a league here and will not be back. One night our lanes broke down 10x's before we were finally moved to another lane. Water leaking from the ceiling onto the lanes. Will not be back for another league. The lanes at sams town are older, but we never have a problem there.
5	Very nice bowling alley! Went with a few friends tonight and had a great time. It was $1 games and $2 shoes after 9pm. Best deal in town! Also $1 food and drink specials! Nachos, beer, margaritas and few other things for a buck!!  Nice bar and deli set up also. can't wait to go back here
2	The past year, this place has gone DOWN!  We're league bowlers on multiple leagues.  But this is the last year!  Lanes constantly breaking down.  Hotter than He!! All the time, and so smokey!! Tables are always dirty and if u ask somebody to clean them, you get ATTITUDE.  Management use to "mingle" with everyone NOT ANYMORE!  I would rather drive the extra distance and go anywhere else.
