3	Visited the Tap House and was a bit disappointed. The menu's were tacky and hard to read for happy hour. Server was a bit off.Wings were just ok, nothing special. No Dogfish IPA, disappointing.Will try again but they need to get better
5	Came with a friend on recommendation and so glad I did. Cool ambiance, lots of amazing microbrews on tap and the food is to die for. The sliders alone are worth the trip. Will definitely be back again!
5	Taphouse Kitchen was amazing. From the minute we walked in we were greeted by the hostess who was smiling and very attentive. The hostess explained the concept and the restaurant's menu. Immediately after we were greeted by our server who was very knowledgeable about the food, beer, and wine. Even though the beer and wine selection was HUGE! The server had the answer and even had great suggestions to pair our food with a great beer or wine. The entire staff was friendly and attentive. I would go back everyday if I could. The scallops, wings, and sliders were all amazing. I can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu. The dessert was absolutely amazing. Everything is made in house and all produce and meet is from local farms. This place is an absolute gem. I would recommend this place to anyone looking to try a new restaurant with a great staff, great drink selection, and amazing food. DEFINITELY TRY THIS PLACE. You will want to go back, I promise.
5	I went in last weekend for family and friends and was completely surprised! We were blown away with the atmosphere and decor we even sat down. We grabbed chairs at the bar, ordered a custom flight (choose your own 4 beer tasters), and sliders. Papago's Coconut Joe stout was my favorite. The sliders came with a quail egg and Bearnaise sauce. These are now something we get every time. The salmon was also awesome-- not your average salmon dish. And of course dessert was perfect. We have a gluten allergy and to our surprise, we were able to order a gluten free brownie with ice cream. Holy COW!! The most rich and chewy brownie. And to make it even better, the sweet baker sprinkles in her own toffee for a little crunch! We will be back again, and again.
5	WOW!!!!! Great atmosphere, Great bar selection, Amazing food. A must stop for all. Friendliest service I've  experienced in a log time. Very knowledgeable wait staff. Love how they pair wine and beers with all food. Loved the sliders. Friend thought the made the best burgers. Desserts OMG good. They nailed it with this one.  I'll be back again and again.
5	OK, They got me! I have been in the place three days in a row and each time it has gotten better. The thing I love and won't forget is the owners brought in Dogfish IPA just because I asked, customer service doesn't get better than that. Now my favorite hang out. I had the turkey ruben for lunch and it was really good and the service was top notch. Great patio and now my favorite beer!!
5	Loved the open patio. It was really amazing food! Loved the lamb "pops"!!! And wine and makers mark on tap...can I  just say "heck yes!" And then top it off with the gluten free brownie dessert that my friend had was unbelievable:) Can't wait to try it again!
1	I'm skewing the perfect record but I'm sorry. I haven't been this disappointed in a dining experience in a very long time. My family and I sat for almost 10 minutes while we waited for our meal. The waiter finally stopped by, asked if we had ordered any drinks, but realized we didn't have menus, and left without taking any drink orders. 10 minutes later he's back with menus. Still no drink orders. 15 or so minutes later he finally takes our drink order. So needless to say, the service was poor. When we  finally did order, we were famished. My husband had their signature burger which he described as forgettable. My father had a grilled cheese with mushrooms, and Chicken Chili. He loved the chili describing it as "filling and hearty"  My mother had the fish fry and she loved it. I had the chicken and dumplings and I was quite disappointed. It lacked depth, and flavor. My husband took a bite and said the Military MREs has more flavor. The service was poor, the table of drunk girls got unwavering attention. So perhaps, they cater to a drinking crowd. Best part of the evening? Watching a Scottsdale mom pull an Olive out of her martini and feed it to her infant. DRUNK BABY ALERT lol My take away, come for the booze. Ignore the "gourmet" menu.
5	Came back here again for dinner with friends.  Had the signature burger which was fantastic. Sampled the filet, crab cake and dumpling that my friends had as well...all amazing!  Mark, our waiter, was fantastic as well. I have a new favorite restaurant in Scottsdale.
5	I don't know if I had "yelper" on my forehead or what...but I've never had such great service as a casual establishment?!!  Kudos to our server Jake, he made sure we'll be back.   Stopped by with a girl friend for some happy hour and appetizers.  The flat breads are creative and delicious.  The malbec on tap is very good and awesome for that price point.  Don't miss the mac and cheese amazingness!  Cute patio, good ambiance.  It's about time a fun place like this came to "central" Scottsdale!  We'll be back.  The only negative I can say is it's irritating when happy hour ends at 6pm.... I have faith that you'll change that...please?  :)
5	My husband and I are huge fans of this new place! We just went here for happy hour on a Sunday afternoon.  (They have happy hour 7 days a week from 3-6 with a variety of $6 food options). Jake, our server, was great and made excellent recommendations. We just tried their Shrimp Mac-N-Cheese, Prosciutto & Fig Flatbread, and Apple Brie Flatbread. I think I may have dreams about that amazing Mac-N-Cheese! Yum! The flatbread was different--it was more of a cracker than what you usually get with flatbread but also delish!  Both types of flatbread were very tasty! Also, I had the Moscow Mule, which was excellent and served in authentic copper mug. The hubby drank the Orange Blossom beer, which we both love. I miss the restaurant that previously occupied this space, but this dinner was so good tonight that I may not miss it as much now.
4	First. .. So glad for a new clean bar restaurant to be open in the hood! Came for late lunch... Caught between happy hour / lunch / dinner change over. So many people at the time I didn't know who was helping me. Overall it was good. I think the bar crew was confused as to who should help me. Mike the bartender was clueless .... Still working out service kinks!
4	Best first visit ever; Corey was our waiter, which made the first visit even better. Great server! The honey chiplote Wings I ordered for Lunch were excellent! Cant wait to come back for dinner and have one of them beers!
2	I had to send my drink back twice as the bartender could not make a martini.  I ordered a salad and the lettuce was wilted and old.  It was not a good experience and the service was just ok -- I would not recommend unless you want a beer and a burger those looked good.  The atmosphere is amazing
5	Great food! Rustic/industrial interior with tons of beers on tap and 3 whiskeys on tap. Good happy hour prices. Ordered the sliders, shrimp Mac and cheese, prosciutto flatbread. I recommend coming here!
4	We had the Drunken shrimp, regular Mac and cheese, and Jerked chicken salad. Everything was delicious and we'll definitely be coming back! Love that we found another neighborhood casual and inviting place to hang out and just enjoy being outside. Love the peach ale too!
5	Really liked the Mac and cheese with shrimp appetizer and chicken and dumplings.  Great service as well.
3	Maybe it was just me, but I couldn't make anything work here. Wine was warm, second wine was served in the same glass (gross), the server was much more interested in taking inventory than waiting on customers, she didn't inform me that there was a happy hour menu, the first iced tea was good but when I had to ask a different server for the second one, which he brought from the back of the restaurant, it was old and undrinkable. The grilled cheese sandwich was pretty good but I was not a fan of the lamb pops. The flavor profile didn't work at all and I like spicy food.  To be honest, I was there late lunch and so they didn't have their grove on yet, but I was not impressed.
4	This place is very nice from the moment you walk in.  Comfortable rustic decor and friendly staff.  Outdoor patio and rollup windows are great for nice days.I had the shrimp mac and cheese appetizer which was good.They have a great craft beer selection.  My favorite is Odell's IPA which I was glad to see that they carried.I appreciate their happy hours prices but wish they ran until 7 PM.
4	Service is excellent! Beer & Wine on Tap, very good! I ordered wings and those were mighty tasty. I also tried a bite of the burger and I plan to order it upon my return. I am a fan for this place. They got my vote!
1	Just went for a quick app and drink for happy hour.. 4 soggy on the outside and dried out on the inside chicken wings for 6$(I know that cheap) but not good either way!! Our side of fries were forgotten as well good thing they weren't on the check. I won't be visiting again.
1	Must have been a very off night for this place... Walked in and told them it was our first time in- we live in the neighborhood and were looking forward to giving this place a try- super sarcastic hostess says, "yeah we are pretty awesome". Umm ok. So we asked for table of 5 plus a high chair, took them about 10 minutes to figure out they couldn't seat us for at least an hour, hostess was so rude- said they don't normally seat parties of more than 4 (what!?). Walked out front to find three empty 4-top tables, walked back in to hostess and asked if they could push two together and she told me that's not their policy and she would have to ask a manager- even more attitude from her now- I let her know I would like to speak to the manager at this point. He turns out to be even less help than her. We explained we lived up the street etc, he seems like he could care less. Just a side note here- we are a clean cut married couple- dressed casual but nice- late twenties with a beautiful little blondie baby and we literally live two seconds from here. So bummed at how lame this place turned out to be. Won't be back. Last thing- we decided to eat at ha humble pie instead, turned out to be happy hour still and we were seated right away either amazing service as usual and great food.
4	We visited the TapHouse twice in a weeks period - in the area on vacation. The first visit prompted the second ...While I was a bit disappointed we couldn't have some of the happy hour apps as part of a regular appetizer (fig/proscutto flatbread please!), we got over it and had the drunken shrimp ... very good, would definitely recommend. They do a nice job with kids meals - good selection and price. While we were here, we got word that the burgers are among the best (this, after filling up on shrimp)...so we decided to return at a later date.Came back second time and sat outside on their patio - definitely best seats in the house. Great ambiance. Ordered burger, definitely good - also homemade chips were quite tasty. Waiter was gracious enough to bring me samples of wine when it was clear I had analysis paralysis to help me make a selection.We had several visits to our table from the owner, very nice and friendly, making sure our visit was satisfactory.Its a bit on the pricey side, but definitely enjoyed the experience and would return again to try even more of the menu items.
2	Very odd .... We have tried to go 3 times on the weekend and on 2 occasions they were having a Private Event, at Lunch.. REALLY?? Owner(s) seem a bit flippant... "Sorry, we are closed for a Private Kentucky Derby Event for our Contractors"...Again.. REALLY??? This is a neighborhood place that isn't available to the neighborhood. I will say that the 1 time we did get in the food was ok, a little pricey, but OK.
5	Great tasting beer. Great burgers. Friendly staff. Clean restrooms. Plenty of parking. User friendly.
4	Nice addition to the area.  Casual and comfortable setting with an inviting patio.  Good selection of micro brews on tap including several Arizona selections.  Beer flights available. Menu offers beer and wine pairings with each item which was helpful. I had the fish fry which came with a light and crispy batter, piping hot with good fries. Wife had the grilled salmon which was expertly prepared. Homemade desserts including ice cream and a key lime tart with wonderful graham cracker crust were excellent. Tim was a knowledgeable and attentive server.  Concrete floor and hard surfaces can challenge conversation and negate the background music, but typical of a bustling place. We'll be back to try the happy hour.
5	Food is really good and priced just right.Service was pretty fast and they stayed on top of everything. Worth checking out for sure.
1	I was with a group of about 12 people on Saturday and we had some time to kill before going to a wedding. Since this place had just recently opened I thought it would be good to try out. We walked in and tried to get the hostess to seat us. She looked extremely overwhelmed by us coming in, by the way it was not crowded, and said she would have to get her manager to seat us. While this was happening some of us decided to go to the restroom and they were disgusting! It looked like no one had cleaned them in several days, they smelled terrible and the trash was overflowing! After coming out of the restroom we found out that manager was refusing to seat our group and that they would not be able to serve us. I have never been treated to such poor service ever! The restaurant had more than enough room for us and they would not give us any reason why they could not accommodate our group. With all the other fantastic restaurants in the area I can't imagine this place will be open very long based on the way they treat their patrons.
4	A friend of mine had raved about it on his FB page so I thought I would stop in for lunch.  The menu looked great and I had a hard time making a decision but opted for the Ham & Brie Sandwich with a side of fruit.  The sandwich was tasty good but I thought they skimped on the brie portion which was the whole reason I ordered it.  I should have said something but wasn't in the mood to hassle with it.Really like the warm atmosphere and the indoor/outdoor bar design is super cool.  Service was prompt and friendly.  I am looking forward to going back and exploring the menu.
5	Food is great. Lots of good drinks and beers. Friendly service. Good neighborhood place!
3	We went here for a work happy hour. The beer selection was great and the happy hour specials were pretty decent. The servers were friendly, but not as attentive as I would have liked. When ours brought a beer that was wrong, we had to wait 15 minutes for her to come fix it. Other than that, the place was great. I will be going back to try the food next time.
5	Gone is The Blue Wasabi and the Noise. Tap House Kitchen is a refreshing change and not  noisy.  Very friendly service. We visited for Sunday brunch they have a DIY. Bloody-Mary bar and the menu had a great selection of burgers sandwiches and Salads. The place was busy so make a reservation helps. We will be back. They did however run out of Stella Artois pretty bad for a place with Tap in the name. The manager and staff were great.
4	This is a great new place in the Valley. I have had the Jerk Chicken Salad and the Chicken and Dumplings so far and both are fantastic! I will come back for sure!
3	We went there during happy hour. The food was very good. The place was so loud that it was an effort to talk to the rest of the party. I know that they think that loudness creates an ambience but it was painful to sit there we had to leave so we could have a conversation
4	Arrived just before happy hour was over and server was great about getting our order in on time. The decor is fantastic and I like the design of the patio space which makes it usable in the summer. I wish the happy hour was a little longer though as it's not realistic to be able to make it during the week. I saw though that they also have brunch on weekends which I'll be back for!
4	The atmosphere is fun and interesting, the food (turkey reuben) was excellent, and the service was really good and polite.  The gluten free chocolate cake was delicious.  I think the non-sandwich items on the menu are a little pricey, but other than that, great new place.  I'll definitely go back.
5	Seriously GREAT SERVICE. I'm amazed! Such a friendly staff. I ordered food to go and they had it ready for me at the bar when I got there. The bartender was busy, but took a minute to talk to me and get me settled up. Both managers approached me and asked if there was anything else they could get me before I left. Really clean environment, friendly staff, great food - what else could you ask for?! I have worked in the restaurant industry for a long time, so I tend to be really picky anywhere I go. I actually thought I had misplaced my credit card so when I went back in... Both managers were helping me look for it (turned out it's in my other pocket and I'm an airhead). Anyways,  the hostess was smiley, attentive and opened the door for me when I was leaving. I definitely recommend getting friends together and eating here.
1	My husband wanted to try this place, so we did.  We got there just as they opened, so there was no trouble getting a seat.  Our drink order was taken, and my soda and his beer were delivered quickly.  Lunch order taken, and the wait began.  I had the Chicken and dumplings, my husband the TapHouse burger.  The chicken and dumplings were so-so, the burger dry.  Not worth the $14 & $13 respectively.  Not once did our waitress ask if my husband wanted another beer, another server did.  By this time several other diners had come in, and received their entrees much faster than we did.  Still waiting to see our server,but she was too busy hanging out at the kitchen window.  It took a long time to get our tab, and yet another server took our tab to cash out. To sum up, poor service, mediocre food at best, and $7 for a 12 oz beer.  Save yourself the trouble, don't go here. Even the manager was ambivalent when we told him our issues.
2	I discovered this restaurant several weeks ago, and was looking forward to giving it a try.  I was sorely disappointed after we were seated. Their beer selection is impressive, featuring four local breweries and several other microbrews from across the USA. Their prices for a pint of Odell's IPA, I found to be exorbitant. $7 for a small pint. I was surprised.  After slow service and a burger that needed some improvement, the manager asked my wife how things were. She gave an honest answer, and didn't get any kind of response other than "that's harsh". Between lackluster service that was bordering on being ignored, high beer prices and food that was so-so the experience wasn't worth it. I won't be returning and I suggest you don't either. Reluctantly, I have rated this place 2 stars..
3	We went here last Sunday to watch the World Cup and we really enjoyed the atmosphere. I ordered the meat and cheese plate which is one of my fav things to order when I'm out. It was pretty delicious and filling. Also on the happy hour menu, I think it was Only about $6, but I'm not positive. They had a Bloody Mary bar but unfortunately it closes at three pm so I missed that. One of my friends ordered  the fish and chips and said it was really good but way expensive for how much they give you. It was like $28 for only like two pieces of fish. We also got the pepperoni flatbread that was on special that day. It was ok but nothing to write home about. Service was a little slow but everyone was mostly just hanging out watching the game which might be why. Overall good atmosphere And I would definitely like to come back and sit out on the patio once it cools down.
5	Where to start? Me and my BF eat out every night (terrible, i know) so we get bored easily. Tap House was just down the street from home so we figured we would try it!  Not only is the service AMAZING, from the person who took our order over the phone, to the server, SO friendly and more than willing to make recommendations and answer any questions! the food is AMAZING!!! My bf continues to order the Turkey Rueben wight he fingerling potatoes (SO BOMB) and i am obsessed with the Cashew Chicken Salad Sandwich. Would def recommend to anyone!
5	Fabulous burgers and delish salads. Lots of fun beers and wines, also.Very nice personnel.Great atmosphere.What's not to love?
5	Very pleasantly surprised!   The Food Exceeded my expectations.  I had the Pasta Primavera with chicken and my husband had the burger. We shared both and they were very well made.  And the food came out in a timely manner. Our waiter was very attentive. We had the brownie and house made ice cream. We were very happy we changed our plans of where we were going to go and came here.
2	Last night was our second visit to the TapHouse Kitchen.  The fish and chips (walleye pike) were great both visits.  The quail egg sliders are also super.  Last night we had one of the several flat breads offered.  It was terrible.  It was served cold and tasted like cardboard. I guess we should have said something at the time. On both occasions the noise level was horrendous.  During the first visit the place was fairly full, last night we were early and there were only several tables occupied in the bar area with a dozen or so people where we were seated.  You could not have a normal conversation. It is definitely not a place to have a relaxing drink and meal.
2	CHECK YOUR BILL CAREFULLY!I have been to THK twice and love their beers and some of their food.My wife and I were there with another couple on July 18th.  We were  seated by an experienced waiter who took our order. He then told us that a new waitress would be taking over. We repeated our order and asked them, up front, to give the two couples separate checks. They said that was not a problem. The other couple suggested that perhaps it would help to keep the orders separate from the start. The waitress said that was not necessary. Now we are not used to going over our bills in detail, but the bill presented to the other couple was so high we were puzzled. Guess what? They billed $100 for less than $50 worth of food/drink. And it took two attempts to get it fixed. Worse, I went and mentioned the problem to the manager.  I did not ask for any concession or "freebies", but did suggest that he go and speak to the couple who had been overcharged.  I  then observed the manager during the rest of our time at THK. He was either talking/joking with staff or expediting food orders. THK was about 30% full so it was not that he was in a rush.  He  did whiz by our table once to drop off a food item, but said not a word to anyone. I might give THK one more try...but I will sit at the bar.
1	We've been here 3 times before and enjoyed the food but last night was so disappointing that future visits are in doubt.Sliders were bone dry, Sherry Berry salad came with bleu cheese although I specifically asked that it not, and a bottle of beer came totally flat and they said the others were flat as well.When the salad came back, the taste was off-putting and I just left it untouched. Too many misses to go unnoticed. Lastly the server seemed to want credit for deducting the flat beer from the check.
5	My family and I went into this fine establishment last night. We were greeted right away and seated within minutes. We had a fantastic dinner. My husband got the chicken cajon pasta. Absolutely delish. I had  the tap house burger. It was perfect. My sons grilled cheese was wonderful. Great beers on tap as well. The customer service was superb. Our waiter was so nice and very helpful with recommendations. We'll be going back.
5	We were in Scottsdale on a family vacation and came across this place on Yelp.  We loved it!  They have a great kids menu.  We had the chicken wing appetizer, a salad and the fish and chips and all were incredible. Their tartar sauce is hands down the best tartar sauce we had ever tasted in our life!  About half way through our meal, one of the owners came to our table to make sure all was well. He stopped by several times and was very attentive and such a great guy!  I would highly recommend!
5	I have enjoyed the Tap House Kitchen a few times so far. I will certainly return. I have brought in a few friends or co workers and I have hosted 2 events there with 10-15 people. Weather a small group or larger group we have all been very happy with the experience, service, food and drinks. I am so glad I work in the area, and found out about this new place. Thanks to the manager Bill and the staff, and server Jake(?),  they have always greeted me politely and made me feel welcome. Jen G
3	We were excited to try this place out.. cute inside and decor, however, wayyyy overpriced.  Probably would not go back due to menu prices.
3	I've been twice and had totally opposite experiences. The first time was fantastic! Great drinks, service, and the apps and entrees were wonderful. The cheeseburger was one of the best I've ever had.... And I've tried a lot of burgers around town. Even the desserts we ordered were huge and delicious. The second time I went, last week, was bizarre. The mussels app was bland, and the brie and apple flatbread was the most pathetic thing to have ever left a professional kitchen. It looked like something a 4 year old would create for themselves on "pizza night." I took one bite and left the rest on the plate. The waiter said that was the most popular flatbread... WHAT?! We also got the sliders that came with a bearnaise sauce. All I could taste in it was lemon! Ick. I'll try again, because the atmosphere is great and it's a really beautiful place, but I'm hoping for more.
5	First time at TapHouse. Good selection of craft beers, which my fiance and I enjoy. Our bartender, Michelle, was very knowledgeable and provided food recommendations. We had the shrimp mac-n-cheese and sliders. The mac-n-cheese was amazing! Chunks of shrimp w/3 cheeses. The sliders aren't your normal sliders. They are on a 1/2 brioche bun topped w/a quail egg and bearnaise sauce. We plan on coming back again.
5	We had an outstanding meal with exceptional service.  This is a great place for a casual meal at reasonable prices. Will definitely be retiring soon.
4	Our first visit we were happy with this restaurant.  I believe it is overpriced but the beer list is good and the food is excellent. If a diner is price sensitive you need to take into account that the food can be expensive but not more expensive than several nearby places. $7 pints did set me back a little but the price is better at happy hour. The wine list is high too but that seems to be how it is in Scottsdale.  We were there for brunch and my wife liked her Croque Madame and I enjoyed my pastrami hash and eggs. We had great service.  Our waitress understood the beer list and guided me to the hoppiest beers. She was attentive throughout the meal. A person who I assume was the manager came by to check up on us.
3	Location and atmosphere are good. Service was stoic...not warm and inviting. I am a warm, friendly and appreciative diner....I know wait staff work hard....but I also don't want to feel like I am an imposition by ordering a meal. Food is good....but I don't get the artificial air of trying to be upscale for a beer pub. $8 for 4 chicken wings?  Three Sliders the size of a 50 cent piece and open face?  For the price, it feels ridiculously underwhelming and like we are being served tiny rations on a free tasting menu....not full orders of things. Again, the food was tasty....not killer...but not bad. The kale is great, by the way. It just felt like you receive about 1/3 of what you would get anywhere else of similar quality for the price.   Bummer. Again
4	This place has a pretty neat atmosphere and a closed in patio that I really love.  I really like when the patio is open because then it isn't as loud in the restaurant.  The food is pretty good, but nothing to write home about.  I usually try something new each time, and I've been slightly disappointed most times, but I really like their salads.  The service is good, I've never had to wait too long to be helped, and I feel like their servers are really on their toes and aware of the needs of their tables.  The tap selection is really awesome, I like how many different beers they have on tap, and they seem to change on a regular basis.  The wine on tap is a great feature as well when you're feeling a little more fancy!  Another nice thing about TapHouse is that you can make reservations, so if you're going out with a group and you don't want to wait, they can accommodate you.  I would recommend this place to anyone in the direct area looking for an easy place to eat without much of a wait of any.  If you're looking for great food however, I would recommend somewhere closer to Old Town.
5	This is a great new place that I started going to because it opened up near my office. They have a great beer selection and I love the atmosphere here. After my last visit, I left my sunglasses and called the next day to ask if they were there. They said they weren't sure, but took my name down and said they'd call me if they saw them. A day later their manager Kevin called me and said he had found them. I asked him to hold onto them until came by next time and he said he'd mail them to me! I live in California and was pleased to see my sunglasses arrive 2 days later. I'll be back for the beer and the service!
4	This was a tough review, with the name Taphouse you would expect beers to play a huge part of this business and they do but way too many mediocre offerings such as Stella, Kona and Widmer but a number of good local favorites such as SanTan, Papago and Four Peaks help make up for it.  Biggest gripe was with the prices, yes it is Scottsdale but the beer costs them the same as other places and $7 a pint is too much to charge for where others charge $5 or $6 for the same beer.  Food prices also high by about 25% over what I would consider a fair price but we were celebrating so what the heck The Coconut Joe braised short ribs were pretty damn good and the service was good. Wish this place had better prices so we could go back more often.
5	Atmosphere is great. Jen behind the bar is always a big plus. Managers are the best, just the perfect place to go after work, relax and have a nice ice cold beer at the bar..... and don't forget to try their breakfast,  everything I have tried has blown my mind but I crave the French Toast creme brule almost daily.
5	Great food and amazing desserts!
5	I have been a semi regular to the tap house. It's a new establishment. It is clean. I like the bar. The owners seem to be there often and I like that, because it makes it seem like they care. Costumer service could be better, the best costumer service I've gotten was from one of the busboys. I like the fact that they have a Saturday brunch. Also they have a daily special which so far have been great. Today I got jambalaya special, it was tasty and filling. I also got the key lime pie and it was phenomenal.
2	Unfortunately for me I asked the server for something spicy and didn't even look at the menu. He suggested the seafood pasta and even said it was his favorite. Bad call. The seafood was ok, the pasta was fresh, and I think it would have been worth the $33 but the problem was the sauce was from a can with a cartoon chef on it. It was sugary, pasty, bland, and as far from spicy as fruit loops are. It kinda felt like the server got a bonus for pushing that shitty dish out the door that late on a Saturday. IckIf you don't have a spicy dish, that's ok. Just say so and I'll have the walleye (which my wife loved). Won't go back. Also tired of new strip mall designs THAT ARE SO HARD AND LOUD THAT I HAVE TO SHOUT WITH MY TABLE. Move the kitchen out of the dining room for gods sake.
5	I first went to the Taphouse Kitchen to.check out what I heard to be an amazing nosh and mingle place.  It was everything I expected, warm and inviting. Really kind staff and everything is made from scratch. I had the delicious wings! A great blend of spices and a touch of sweet.  It took me two weeks to return....nearly going to go to a nearby restaurant,  we luckily went in for the amazing brunch. The Brioche french toast is the most amazing thing in the world.. my mouth waters...thinking about it.. the eggs benedict was also spectacular, roasted turkey on sourdough with a crazy delicious guacamole  with bits of bacon mixed in... omggg wow..  Its deadly good.   You get the idea! Its worth every penny!
5	The Sweet and Sour salad was delicious, as were the sliders and hummus.  Great atmosphere and a diverse and creative menu. Will definitely go back.
4	very good restaurant good food professional service
4	I've been here before when traveling for business and enjoyed the food and cocktails, but I had an even better experience today. Michelle, the bartender, gave me a great recommendation for dinner--chicken and dumplings. They're not the traditional southern way but with gnocchi. It was so good, and amazingly light. Plus, Michelle has a lovely bubbly personality---I can see why several regulars came in just to see her.
5	This place is amazing. Great customer service and some of the best food in town. Be sure to visit when Michele is bar tending, you will never have better service. Amazing
5	Definitely love this place. The beers and wines on tap are awesome! I've had the burger several times and think it's among the best around. Insanely cool titos Bloody Mary bar on the weekends. Sit at the bar with Michelle, she's the best!
5	Great happy hour! Hummus was delicious ! Garlic bread and fondue also was amazing! Pasta primavera was creamy and filling. The food looked beautiful when brought to our table..and tasted even better!
4	You wouldn't think brunch at this place, but you'd be so wrong. Great breakfast with inventive dishes including a unique spin on eggs Benedict and a great pastrami hash. Don't miss the Bloody Mary bar.
3	I like this place, good selection of beer and good food. The prices are a little high so I do not go as often as I'd like to. The brunch is really good! and probably the best prices they have. I had the burger and my wife got some salad with salmon. The burger was amazing and my wife enjoyed her salad. Will go back again but will not be a go to place because of price
