4	Tasty French cuisine in the middle of HoMa is a definite surprise. For those who live in the neighborhood and like a treat every now and then, Le Valois is a very nice restaurant. The tasteful decor makes the place feel very inviting even when there are few patrons. The wine list is well curated, and the food is always excellent. Though I've usually had excellent service, there has been a time or two when I thought the service wasn't well managed to my liking. But as a whole, the experience is always memorable, and I recommend Le Valois to anyone in the want of fine dining.As a side note: for those that are vegetarian, there are a few options to choose out of that are just as delicious as any thing else on the menu.
4	We were greeted by a super nice waitress.   After getting help navigating the french menu, we decided to have eggs Benedict and french toast (pain dore).  The hollandaise sauce was done from scratch.  Each plate included an assortment of fruits.  The french toast was constructed of two huge slices of brioche bread and topped with a fruit reduction (as opposed to generic jelly from a jar).  The coffee was also notable.  The decor, food, service was above average, but everything worked together really well -- enough to argue for a 4 star rating.
5	Lovely atmosphere and food. Delicious homemade jam, omelettes and eggs benedict. The food was healthy, and a great portion for the price. The waitresses were super nice (and cute). Reservations would be recommended because while we went on sunday morning, it was quite busy. Everyone around us seemed happy with their food.    Note: the menu is only in french but the waitresses are willing to answer any questions.
2	I find this place overpriced & overrated.We visited this establishment two times. The first time we just had a cheese platter, it was tasty so we decided to come back another time to try some of their food.Not great.We had a brunch consisting of: a burned pastry thing that was bland as all hell,and a hamburger that was spiced badly and the bun wasn't fresh at all.They also make a pretty horrible Caesar..BOO!Not my kind of thing.But they do have a nice terrace and good service, so that's something.
4	I had been told to try this restaurant on many occasions so I jumped at the opportunity when it arose.  The dining room is small but they have a terrasse for added seating in the summer time.  I'd recommend a reservation just to play it safe  since it is becoming fairly well known.  The decor is another big plus for this place.  They did a great job of decorating it.I came for brunch so I can't comment on the lunch and dinner menu but I will say that I liked what I experienced.  I ordered the eggs benedict with smoked salmon and spinach.  The hollandaise sauce was a bit on the salty side but overall it was quite good and they didn't skimp on the smoked salmon.  I also loved the way they seasoned the potatoes that came with the dish.  They smelled good and tasted even better!The service was very efficient and friendly and in all I enjoyed my experience here.   I would definitely like to go back to try the lunch and dinner menu.  It's also about a 15 minute walk from the Botanical Gardens so if you're going there it is worth coming here for a delicious meal.
2	My friend lives down the street and I wanted to see what the Hochelaga Bourgeoisie eats, this is a fancy restaurant that's in a neighborhood full of hot dog, poutine and pizza joints.The first thing I noticed is the size and layout, not traditional and must be gorgeous in the summer with terrace and park. The waiter was very friendly and the service was good.The food was hit and miss, I had the shrimp with sweet and sour sauce,($9 for three jumbo pieces). Amazing, except for the sauce, but no big dealMy friend had the Calamari, which is not fried, so a bit disappointing as the long winded description did not say if it was grilled, fried, or something between boiled and zapped.Onto the mains, my friend had the salmon, which was ok, I had the rib steak ($29), big letdown, it was grey to begin with and lacked flavor, texture, I had to force myself to finish it.The desserts were very good, I had the cronut with maple ice cream ($8)I must include this in my review by mentioning i got a little bit sick after my meal, It was the only mealy I had after waking up and did not eat for many hours afterwards. I hope it's a one off and not something that happens too often.I would go back to try other stuff as they have a cheaper nighttime menu for $20, which is a bargain, might raise my rating a bit.
5	It was the third time that I went to this restaurant. Twice with my girlfriend at night and once for brunch with friends. The place is very enjoyable, near the Valois square. It is quite unique in montreal.Now the food is great, there is a lot of choice and it is not pricey after 9:30pm. Friendly service.
4	The food was great even the ham and mashed potato brought to the kids were good and free. My mussels were excellent and my husbands duck was excellent. Nice start to a great vacation in Montreal.
