4	I shop at this location fairly often, as it's pretty close to my home base. The employees are nice and there are a few that we usually stop and chat with when they're working. The mark down section is updated frequently with new items that will be passing their sell-by date soon. If you shop smart & plan to use up whatever it is, you can find some awesome deals. I like to look here before work for marked down salads, as they're still good and I'll be eating them within a few hours. They often have breads and vegetables there, so if you're looking to save money it's a nice option for grabbing a cheap ingredient for the night's meal.Their prepared foods are convenient and usually have recognizable ingredients, which I appreciate. The options change with the seasons, which is a smart touch. I like their butternut squash ravioli a lot, and their soups are pretty good. Their buffalo wings aren't very spicy, but their thighs were good. Whole chicken for about $1 a pound is really reasonable. They don't sell very many brands, so the selection isn't very broad but the store brand seems good and is often fairly affordable. Beer is fairly cheap and a decent if not small selection. Singha, Mothership Wit, a few store brands and cheaper beers. Their teas are pretty tasty, I like the moroccan style mint green tea a lot.Also, it's often very efficient to dip in for an item or two. The cashier area is all self serve with an employee or two around to check IDs and assist where needed. There's about 7 different registers. Very reminiscent of Tesco in London! I think it's the same company, actually, but I'm not 100% sure of that.
4	This is technically not the closest Fresh & Easy to my house, but it is the one that is most on my way home.  I usually hit it once per month when I need a couple of quick items.  Yesterday, they had their fresh made pizzas on sale for $2.99 down from $4.50.  They are tasty and super cheap compared to ordering Pizza Hut.  I like the layout better than the one on Sunset and Arroye Grande.  I love their new friends program.  I wish you could just pull up their coupons on your smart phone and scan them that way.  Good, quality products.  Important to hit their sale items or house brands.
4	You can never go wrong with shopping at F&E.I decided to try out a different F&E location while we were in Vegas last weekend for the 2012 Olympia Expo.Drove all the way down Tropicana into the "ghetto" areas of Vegas. It didn't seem too bad to me since it was like 9am when I shopped here.The place is fully stocked with all the F&E goodies AND it was the first F&E that I discovered their gourmet chocolates they now carry. Bomb diggity!
3	I love this grocery store. It has so many organic & vegetarian options. It has many ready to cook meals & sides prepared. The staff is friendly and helpful. You have to to self check out, but the staff has helped me each time. Love this place, it's my new grocery store for sure. I hope it doesn't close.I am editing this today, 11/15/14 & changed it from 5 to 3 stars because ever since the new company took over they are changing the products a lot & doesn't suit me as much.
5	I love Fresh & Easy!  From my experience, all the Fresh & Easy's in the valley are the same so any one location will do.  Service may vary slightly based on staffing, but for the most part the staff are friendly and available to help you.I love Fresh & Easy because they have options that suit family needs as well as poor single college student needs.  I can go in and buy fresh groceries for one week for one person and not break the bank.  I love their ready to go go and ready to cook options.  Almost everything I've had from there is delicious and reasonably priced.  If you don't know what to make for dinner, just take a walk through the store and you'll find tons of options to piece together a delicious meal. They have tons of put together options (like meat with veggies and seasonings) and all you have to do is cook it.You can check out their "manager's special" deals too, basically food where the sell by date is that day so they mark it down a lot.  As long as you use that food item that day, it works out to be a good deal.Also, make sure to check your mail because they send out great coupons often.
4	So many, many moons ago I used to shop at Fresh & Easy when they first came to valley. But I wasn't wowed by it so I stopped. Crazy, I know.So lately, I started shopping there again. I must say I am glad I did. I can't stress enough of how much of a bargain shopper I am and you can pick up some crazy good deals here. I can also pick up some quick and easy healthy eats too. So it is a win, win situation for me.The staff here is always friendly and sociable. They are always helping someone. And I love the parking options for people with kids. This makes it such a breeze when I leaving the store with the kid in tow and a bags and bags of groceries.Can I say I have been able to stock up my freezer from the clearance section too? I can't pass up on a good deal.
5	Nice to be able to drop in and out with a healthy dinner ( and a few snacks) right after the kids get out of school.  This location is pretty friendly and clean, one of the older stores.  I prefer the newer, larger stores with in store bakeries, but this one is closest to me.  The best is to get there right after they do daily markdowns!  The "friends" rewards program is awesome!!!!  When you get enough points you can actually convert them to $$$ on your card to spend on any items in the store.  I have had times that I paid my whole total with the friends rewards!
5	This Fresh and Easy is by far my favorite grocery store to shop at hands down.  I love the convince of being able to drop in and out and be out of the store within 5 minutes.  I've been shopping at this particular location for the last few years.  I've seen staff members rotate in and out and every one of them are generally nice.  I can honestly say I haven't had one bad experience as a shopper at Fresh and Easy.  At night they have security guards there for added protection and I'm sure they are there to only stop the bums from stealing.  I love the theme of the store and it kinda has a trader joe's feel to it without all the customers that traders joe has.  I am part of the friends reward program and it adds up quite nicely.  The are currently renovating this location and it looks like it's going to be more of an open store.  I can't wait to see how it will end up.  One of the perks is the discounted food.  They used to put it out at certain times of the day and I would be right there swooping it up like a burglar....but i paid of course.  That's what makes it so fun for me is the daily markdowns.
4	I love the new look and the brown paper bags but I'm disappointed at the smaller selection of meat.
5	The renovation is complete and I'm totally wowed with the new store. Fresh squeezed orange juice machine, smoothies and hot sandwiches available now. Still has a great selection of fresh produce, meats and prepared items as well as general grocery selections. Easy in, easy out. Friendly staff. Baked up the F&E brand chicken pot pie for dinner. Delicious. I especially enjoy the selection of refrigerated foods not available at other stores.
