5	I find it humorous to read the reviews on this store.  It is now has the third highest sales of any Tuesday Morning stores in Arizona while being the smallest.  (I asked)  To accomplish that a store has to be fairly well organized with good service.  I consider this store to be a real gem!  I don't have to pay the prices of Fashion Square or the Biltmore or deal with it takes to find a parking place there either. (Don't get me wrong, I like both of those places as well, I use them just for point of comparison.) Nine times out of ten i can go in there, find what I want and get out if I want to.  The problem is I usually look around a bit and go home with maybe a bit more than I expected.Obviously in a store that carries as man better name close outs in as small a place as it is, one does have to keep a sharp eye out, and maybe do a little digging.  Who cares, treasure is to be found.  I have found this store to be infectious.  Every time I go there I seem to find a better price on something than the time before. Be it something for the yard, gifts for the kids, entirely to expensive sheets for the bed, crystal, monogrammed thank you note's, something for the my cat, Picasso, they are all there and waiting..  I took a friend there the other day who complained they didn't have prices like Goodwill.  The truth is this person is not a shopper and never will be.  If you are a shopper, you'll recognize the quality is at prices that make sense. Another minor but really nice thing about the Tuesday Morning stores is the music they play when you are there.  At major dept stores you hear music that has been selected by a team to maximize sales according to critical factors.  The owner of Tuesday Morning picks the music you listen to.  I like his taste and usually find myself humming a tune at some time before I leave which is usually with more than I planned on.I will talk about the service which is unique to this store.  Depending on the lines of customers waiting to be rung up, they may or may not greet you as you come in.  Usually I find they do.  If you just aren't finding what you are looking for, you might have to to be the one to seek out  one of their people and ask them concerning what you are looking for.  At this point, I am usually very afraid.   They are going to steer me to an area where even if I don't see what I asked for, something will be there that will work.  I just have to decide which or how many!I haven't discussed the wonderful yellow Clearance signs have I?   I look at prices that really can't be beat on things that I probably will use for some thing  at some time.  If I can't see why they are marked down, or there is a flaw that I can live with,  I have this good habit of buying them.  The result is I never really have to shop for the holiday, birthdays or you name it.  I  dig in the back of my hall closet closet and usually something is there that will suffice.  Tuesday Morning is truly one of the stores that helps keep that closet well stocked.  Visit this location.  It is worth me starting the great American novel on shopping?!?
2	I've heard good things about Tuesday Mornings so I decided to give it a try. It felt like a smaller cramped version of Last Chance with more housewares than clothing. And I am not a fan of Last Chance.I was really hoping to like this store....but nothing thrilled me at all. A lot of stuff seemed damaged and the prices weren't all that great. Don't know if I'm just cheap or don't shop at high-end stores that much but when I look at a price tag and actually utter the phrase, "THAT'S a clearance price?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", it isn't good.Probably won't be heading back. (Is the problem that I went on a Friday afternoon instead of a Tuesday morning?) (Just asking.....)
3	There is some sense of order to its madness, when I went in today. I agree you can find some hidden treasures here if you take the time to look. They also have handbags at discounted prices, nobody has yet to mention for those of us that like purses. I have my limits on disarray that I can deal with when shopping and Tuesday Morning flies below the radar so I enjoy shopping for a treasure or gift here at a discounted price. It is small compared to the location I have shopped in Washington state, but that did not discourage my need to shop. In fact a much larger store lost my interest because it was just to much to sort through! I will still visit larger locations but I'm pretty happy with this neighborhood location. The staff were friendly, they didn't bug me, they weren't overly forward but they were there when others had a need or a question. And there was no lines to wait in because the things are all priced and so running price checks were not heard which I find amazing!
3	I have mixed feelings about Tuesday Morning.  I randomly feel compelled to go bargain hunting here, perhaps looking for things for my living room or kitchen, or maybe for a gift for a friend, and I've had some relatively good success.  The slightly cluttered look makes me feel as though I might stumble upon an amazing deal that someone else overlooked, but then there are other times that I pick up an item, ready to take it home at a bargain, and am shocked by what I find to be an outrageous price!  It's a great place to find some more unique pieces or that one kitchen gadget your can't live without, but go when you're in the mood to poke around a bit and have a little time.  Great treasures aren't always easy to come by!
5	The mark of a five star business is when it stays five star. It's been over three years now and my thoughts on this location of Tuesday Morning haven't changed.  Also, for as small a store as this is could they provide what I needed for a very specific occasion?   Everyday shopping there is always nice- great variety, but when the Chips are Down?!?   Yes,  they came through again!!!Example - - -My niece was due to have a c section the next morning.  Great Uncle Dave to be realized he'd forgotten to buy gifts for the new great nephew.  I went straight to this store ready to buy and so I did.  They had an excellent selection of clothes for a new born and up.  With my help this is going to be one well dressed young gentleman, and at prices I could live with!  Thank you, Tuesday Morning on Indian School.Most important!  Baby Donovan is 7 lbs, 6 ounces, and 20 inches and truly a handsome little fellow...
4	New pot found! Yay!! Tuesday Morning is always hit or miss -- you never know what you're gonna get, but I lucked out this time. I'd completely worn out my dutch oven-type pot with lid from overuse and needed a new one. I was able to get one here. They have many knick knacks, things for the home, garden, car, pet, and travel. You never know what you'll find but it's always worth a trip here to see if you can snag a deal on something.
5	I love this place. The merchandise is constantly changing and they have the best bedding (and prices) in town. And the reading glasses - cutest ever. Cookware - check. Towels - check. Cutlery - check. Really, this should be your first stop if you need something. And if you're just out shopping - good luck leaving empty handed. I need to go buy a purse today and there's one I've had my eye on... :) I'm guessing it'll be coming home today.
5	Found some good deals to stock the bathroom with fresh decor, and the selection of bath caddies, WOW! Are you kidding me? I've never seen such a variety, and I must have seemed quite the screwball getting so much enjoyment over their caddy selection...I'm still excited! (I bought two)
4	This is a really great store the problem I have is it always seems like the same stuff is in the store they don't get a lot of new stuff it seems if you go to the store you know what I mean I do like the location of the store right next to it is a coffee shop so when you're done shopping you can take a break.
