3	A.K.A. Dirty Harry's. The only bar at Station Square that allows smoking. Carpeted floors lock in the freshness. 70's-era wood paneling on the walls for that rec-room/bad porno vibe. Not so much a destination, but if you find yourself down at the Square it beats the crowds and meat market mentality of the other establishments.Pluses for almost all the bartenders, except the one that charges the customer after the owner buys a round.
2	They were open late, unpretentious and the service was good.  The place had character.  I'd go back if I found myself in the area.  Prices very cheap.I smoke but the place bothered me.  It wasn't actually from the people smoking but the stench in the air got into my clothes.  I haven't had that experience in over a decade!Bathroom ugh but it was the end of the night.
4	When I want to feel at home in pgh, I go to refs. Local & service staff bar. Always someone cool to talk to. Sports on the tvs great service (hello crystal!) Pool tables and game machines. Prices are as low as it gets. Its a great change from the other bars in station square. Mixed crowd makes it even better. Beware its smoky and... watch the steps!
3	If it weren't for the exemplary service and smoking permissibility, Ref's would be another garden variety watering hole. But when glasses are consistently refilled at the second-to-last-gulp and you can light up like it's 1955, one's opinion improves.The location is excellent if you're not one who enjoys being mired down in downtown Pittsburgh. Don't misread: Station Square can get busy, but not hustle and bustle hectic.Now I won't lie, in terms of ambiance, Ref's is about as grungy and grubby as it gets. Were it not for the ubiquitous flat screens with ceaseless spools of sports commentary, had I been stricken with amnesia while there, I'd have concluded that the year was 1975 and I had woken in a Hell's Angels hideout. Because the walls are of the tackiest wood panel variety, the carpeting is dirty and the place smells atrocious. Beer and stale smoke: Mmm mmm. And the bathroom is filthy to the point of parody; I almost laughed out loud when I pushed the door open.It's a must see.But as I've already mentioned, the service is first class. The bartender was polite, friendly and eager to boost my bill. And as a New Englander, I found the Iron City Beer tasty. Between a few excursions to the "bathroom" and hand in hand with a cigarette, I enjoyed many.The music was on the hipper side. It was loud, but not scream-into-the-ear-of-your-neighbor because-you-can-barely-hear-your-own-voice-loud. And as many patrons brought in food from elsewhere, one can reasonably assume that it's probably not too good at Ref's.So it seems that the things which make Ref's worthwhile are the ones that are tough to competitively reproduce. But yank their smoking license and top-notch employees and you're left with little more than a forgettable dive bar.
2	So, I'm all for 'dive bars' if they're authentic, but I don't know what in the hell is going on here. After driving from Jersey to Pittsburgh, I just wanted to find a spot to have a drink before heading to bed. Being it was late on a Sunday night, there wasn't much happening in Station Square, so this appeared to be my only option.I guess the "smoking permitted" sign outside should've been my first warning. But sometimes my brain has this habit of tricking me with the "maybe it won't be so bad" sales pitch. After all, I did see dart boards and pool tables through the window.If you're interested, Ref's, aka "Dirty Harry's" has the following:- Five beers on tap. Sam Adams must be considered 'fancy' here.- Walls covered in wood paneling, screaming I LOVE THE 70s!- Plenty of TVs all over the place. Reception obviously provided by one set of bunny ears on the roof.- Pint glasses served without coasters/napkins. Screw the white wood bar.- Guy dressed in pajama pants and collared shirt w/local restaurant logo. Must have come straight from work?- And of course, all the second-hand smoke your body needs for months, if not years.So, why two stars instead of one?"What do I owe you for the Sam's draft?""$1.00""Excuse me, what?"  There's no way I could've heard that correctly."It's dollar drafts until midnight."::Looks at watch.:: 11:35 pm"You know what...I will have another."
4	Everyone loves to complain about Dirty Harry's. I for one, think they are all a bunch of whiners. The bar is cheap, you can play pool or darts, they offer some limited food selections, the patrons are interesting and there is a free buffet on Fridays. I honestly think the general complaints are unwarranted. How many carpeted bars in a mall allow smoking? 0. I dare you to name one for me other than Dirty Harry's. Dirty Harry's is a unique atmosphere and I always take people here for a drink when I'm in State Square.
2	Eh. I'm not even sure i can classify this as a dive bar. The bathrooms were very odd. The wood paneling everywhere (reminding me of my grandpa's house) really set me back a few decades. However, the bonus cheap drinks and quick service is what had us come back a second time. If I'm there, we would stop, but nothing i would drive out of my way for.
