5	What do I like about this place?  WYSIWYG.  (All you techie geeks out there know what it means, but for those of you who do not know what it means, it is an acronym for "What You See Is What You Get.")  For those of you who know me, you know that I appreciate and love places with no pretense.  Want proof?  Visit her on her "in office day."Seriously, Dr. Krista is passionate about animals and her practice.  So passionate, in fact, that she is easily drawn into hot debate!  And who else, other than someone who is passionate about her work, would you want to examine your favorite member of the family?
5	When traveling through Scottsdale, there's one vet I would trust with my pets - Dr. Krista Gibson. I know I should write some cute anecdote about how great she is, but I think the word "trust" says it all. Plus she went to the University of Wisconsin - go Badgers!
5	We've had nothing but the best care from Dr. Gibson. We're able to get in quickly to see her whenever our terrier gets into something. She's professional yet relaxed, and doesn't talk down to us, and takes very practical approaches to solving problems. I heartily recommend her services for your furry friends.
5	We just rescued our dog two weeks ago. On the referral of a friend, we took our new family member to meet Dr. Krista at AMS.  The whole staff was amazingly warm and generous of their time,  our appointment was met ahead of schedule, all of our questions were thoughtfully answered (even the paranoid ones) with respect and great information.  The Doctor recommended a great meal plan for our underweight dog, explained proper care taking techniques, and offered thoughtful insights.  I never felt like I was being sold anything, rather like the staff was treating my dog like they would their own,  Best vet experience to date.
5	I just adopted a little rescue dog, and I took her to another vet prior to Dr. Krista, and all I can say is what a nice change. Dr. Krista really cares about her animals that she treats, and it shows. She called me after our first visit to see how my dog's kennel cough was, and it is very clear that she cares. She also is not a vet who pushes hard in terms of trying to make a buck, and she is very ethical. It is a nice change from Banfield and similar, and she has a great personal touch. Thanks again and highly recommended. A+++
5	You can tell that Dr. Gibson genuinely cares for animals. She is very honest and does not try to do unnecessary treatment in order to increase your bill. She is knowledgable and takes the time to answer all your questions rather than rushing through the appointment.  Five stars.
5	Animal Medical Services in Scottsdale is a small but efficient (one Vet) clinic for dogs and cats. The veterinian, Dr. Gibson, is great. She spayed my five month old puppy and did a great job. I talked to several animal hospitals and got their quotes. I dropped in to the clinic one day last week and actually got to meet Dr. Gibson. Her office manager described exactly what to expect and the different spaying packages offered by their clinic I went with the "safety & comfort packages" (blood work pre-surgery and pain medication for recuperation). THE PRICE WAS A FRACTION OF WHAT I WAS QUOTED BY OTHER VET CLINICS! I made an appointment for the next week, dropped my pup off in the morning.. The clinic called me after the surgery and told me she did great in surgery and when I could pick her up that same afternoon. I picked her up and got aftercare instructions. The incision has two layers of dissolveable sutures/stitches on the inside and medical adhesive glue on the outside. This is the way that all vet clinics do it these days. My puppy was definately "out of it" the afternoon and evening after the surgery...but that is to be expected. But within 24 hours of the procedure my pup is pretty much acting like her old self. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Dr. Gibson for your pets medical needs.
