5	I was SO nervous to get permanent make up done on my eyebrows but after seeing Jackie Peterson's before and after pictures, I decided to take the plunge!  I could not be happier!!!!!!!  It was honestly the best decision I have ever made...they look amazing and I will absolutely be going back to her for more permanent make up in the near future!  I highly recommend her!  She is so sweet, incredibly professional, and it was completely pain free!  I didn't feel a thing......she is a true artist!!!!!!!!
4	I go to thINK Pure for eyelash extensions. Tedi is awesome !  She really takes her time and they look very natural.It is easy to miss the shop as it is on a corner and id a refurbished "house", but definitely worth the find !
5	Jackie has done permanent makeup on my brows and also upper and lower eyeliner.  I am just thrilled with the results.  My brows look so natural and the eyeliner is lovely also!  What I love most is the amount of time it saves me in the morning getting ready.  Also, since I wear glasses, it's much easier not having to apply brows and eyeliner.Jackie is very professional and talented and I would highly recommend her services.  She took her time and made sure I was comfortable throughout the entire procedure. If you are thinking about having permanent makeup done, look no further!
1	Normally, I don't like to leave negative reviews. However, the lack of sanitary procedures here drives me to do so. First, she didn't wash her hands after her previous client. Second, she didn't change the sheet on the table.  Third, she didn't even change the paper towel that went under my head. Triple ick.  I left without getting the procedure done.
5	I have used Jackie for upper and lower eyeliner and she did an excellant job. I would recommend her to anyone. She has a keen eye and is very professional. The ink colors she uses is very natural. Ive had this procedure done in the past with very poor results (fading, weak lines, etc). Jackies work lasts and looks natural.I am going back for brows in a few weeks! I cant wait!Jackie is also very good to her repeat customers by providing them with her current specials.
5	I am a first timer! I just had my brows,top & bottom liner done with Jackie 4 days ago. I am sooooo happy with the outcome! The procedures flew by and the pain management was a high priority, which was quite impressive.I am rarely able to get my eyebrows exactly how I want them and Jackie nailed it! They are amazing and beautiful and I have a new sense of self confidence having eyebrows! I was VERY nervous about getting eye liner done, but I decided to just go for it. I'm so glad I did because it looks absolutely amazing! I've not yet reached my full week of healing yet and I already think my makeup looks so stunning and I feel glamorous the moment I wake up!I had all three done in one afternoon; I was in and out within 2 & a half hours! My mom has been impressed with my results that she'll be booking with Jackie soon!
2	Having my eyebrows done on an extremely tight budget was a HUGE treat for me when I found a Groupon for $99 to have them done. Because of a couple good reviews I decided to try Jackie out. The first flag for me started going up when the day before my appt. she send a message. Included in that message it states "As disclosed by the coupon company at the time of your purchase, 10% gratuity, based off original full price value price of $485 is expected and appreciated." Please plan this. I have never in my life ever been told by anyone how much they expect to be tipped - I find this rude and greedy. It made me wonder if she would do a subpar job to get me in for the retouch, thus costing me an additional $50 for the tip and $75 for the touch up. And of course it was subpar. Then in her email she goes on to say that if you do this she will give you 50% off the $150 touch up price. Well first of all Groupon stated no such thing. Being last minute and on a tight budget as mentioned I only had half the tip. I told her I would mail her the other half. So a week later I told her I wanted to mail her the final tip and qualify for the 50% off retouch for $75. Her response was "great send it to such and such and address. And wait 6 wks for the retouch". I am still waiting for her to confirm the $75 retouch fee and so I resend the question asking her to confirm, and also asked what suite she was in. She slides right by my question about the discount, but gives me the suite # she is in. At this point even more flags are going up.  I finally said why didn't you answer my question about $75 retouch?  She slid in a sly comment about saying great we will see you there. But, no confirmation on the discount!  It was like pulling teeth it was so ridiculous the game she was playing. Then I said all I wanted was you to confirm it was only $75 you would be charging me - just didn't want any surprises. "Then she says to me - Yes, I normally offer it at the time of the appointment or if payment is received right away but I have no problem extending that to you, I will watch the mail". At this point I don't trust her. Ok, so here is what happened at the appt. I had my eyebrow pencil on. A darker chocolate brown. I told her I wanted my eyebrows just a little lighter than the eyebrow pencil. So she puts this putty looking color on my forehead and said "how's this?" I said that looks pretty light, I want it just slightly lighter than my eyebrow pencil. She said it would be. I said you are the pro, I believe you. Well they are way to light and one is shorter than the other. The shape came out ok for the most part. But after dealing with her business wise and our text messages I do not trust her at all. I know if I did not push the confirmation of the 50% discount, I would have had my retouch and she would have said "That will be $150" I guarantee you, she is sly. But not sly enough - it took me 3 times trying to get her to answer my question and then when she finally did, she said she normally only offers it immediately but would extend it to me - She is a piece of work. Be careful and know exactly what you should be getting, because she will try not to give it to you - just like she did to me. I will not go back to Jackie who is obviously money grubbing hungry to pay for that Little overset glass room on the 5th floor with view. I will go to someone with less overhead who is more concerned about her client than the money. My word of advice to Jackie is to be honest and straight forward and quit playing games. I can only imagine how many people she has suckered more money out of when they thought it was one thing. NO WAY NOT ME!!!!.
5	Used a Groupon to get my top and lower lids lined. Jackie did a fantastic job! I am very impressed with how close she managed to get to the lash line! My liner looks very natural, as though I just have a nice dark and dense lash line. Even better? She will give groupon pricing to anyone who calls and asks for it. Though it can take a while to get an appointment due to how busy she is, it is totally worth the wait!
1	I wished I had read the review posted on 3/23/2014. Very similar situation, although I ended up not going to see Jackie.  I also got the Email on the expected 10% gratuity based on the original full price value of $475, I thought that to be very rude and greedy; I thought Groupon is another way to advertise a business, to bring in new customers, but not to take advantage of them; so they will return and recommend it to others.Anyway, I had to cancel my appointment due to illness; when I tried to reschedule Jackie response was that I had to pay $50 in order to reschedule - I didn't read anything about a reschedule fee that cost this much.  It didn't make much sense to pay $50 reschedule fee on a $79 Groupon.My take is "customer service" is very secondary at Think Pure Skin, I am not used to that and will not use this business in the future.
5	Love...Love...Love my brows and upper and lower lids that Jackie did.  Jackie is a professional in this area and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend her to anyone who is considering having this done.  Thank You Jackie....
1	Whoa - you may get a good result here but my experience was NOT GOOD!  Jackie did not use any basic hygiene principles and worse yet, there was a fly in the room that kept landing on my face.  She would swat it away with paper.  Now, keep in mind that your eyes are closed while she is working on you so, I would have no idea when she was getting ready to swat!  And, then, at the end of the procedure she asked how much of a tip I was giving her!
5	I went to Jackie for my eyebrows.  It has now been two weeks and the scabs are gone and I love that I don't have to put pencil on them.  They look natural.  I am going to sign up to have her do eyeliner.  At first I was put off by the $47 tip she requests in her appointment letter because I didn't see that in the Groupon I purchased, but after I thought about it still felt that the Groupon of $100 and the $47 tip was still reasonable for the procedure.
