3	Wow!  3 'First to Review' in a row...fo sho'!Anyway, I'm not too much of a donut eater.  I may be chubby, but it's not from donuts or sweets, it's from all the savory food I love.  Although the Filipino in me loves hot cascaron with sugar sprinkled on top, and the yummy Halo-Halo with shaved ice on a hot summer day.  Puto with cheese...yes please!  I've seen so much hype on TV about Dunkin' Donuts finally opening up in LV, and read so much about it I decided I had to try it one day.  I was over my Krispy Kreme donut curiosity a long time ago, sick from seeing one too many green and white boxes litter our office break room.  Although in their defense, their donuts aren't bad.  I must admit though, that the main reason I wanted to give Dunkin' Donuts a try is because of their spunky spokesperson...Rachael Ray.  I *heart* Rachael Ray!  She taught a single college boy how to make a quick, hearty meal even on a budget.  I owe her for helping me stay fed when I was all alone trying to make it in the world.The gf and I finally got up early one morning and headed out to the DD located near my house, over on Rainbow.  The place was packed!  It took us around 15 minutes to get to the front of the line.  My first thought was...how come this place is so SMALL?  Where's the conveyor belt and the donut frying station?  Alas, I was told that their bakery is not located on premises but delivered fresh daily.  Big bummer.  KK might have been too sweet, but at least they were piping hot.  But DD, not fresh out of the oil?  No no!  I proceeded to order a Boston Creme (donut filled with creamy custard and topped with chocolate) and I think the gf got a plain glazed.  Both were ok, but neither was hot and fresh...so it didn't appeal to me that much.  The donuts were soft but not very warm like I like them.  They got maybe several dozen of donut choices to pick from...from your plain, to your jelly-filled, to your fritters, and some donut holes.  Lots of choices...but not hot and fresh is kinda what killed it for me.  A saving grace though is their coffee.  It's not half bad!  It's almost on par with your local Starbucks and is a few bucks less!  Leaves you with money to buy a cold donut!  They brew their coffee fresh everyday and even do some mixed drinks and smoothies.  Coffee is a pretty good pick me up, when I had it that day it wasn't overpowering and didn't need anything (I like my coffee black).  I think right now they have a special going on for a small iced coffee (12 oz.), it's only 99 cents!  Go try it!  Although with iced coffee I do prefer some cream in it.  You can also buy their coffee in vacuum-packs so you can take it home and brew it yourself.DD also has some other menu items for you to try.  They have some individual pizzas and flatbreads they make in their toaster ovens.  They also have non-fried hash browns that they toast in their oven as well.  They're great when their hot out of the oven and crunchy.  The pizzas and the flatbreads are decent, but just to let you know they are NOT made fresh on the premises either.  They come in freezer packs premade, so all they do is pull one out and put it in the toaster oven.  You know those little pizzas you buy in a six pack that kids sell for their school?  It's those kind.  Same thing with their flatbreads.  Their frozen too.  It's not gourmet but it's ok.The service was good, lots of high school and college kids were working that day.  They were polite and quick, and never let the long line get to them.  Since the place was new, it was very clean and tidy.  Kudos for that.Overall, DD has more menu choices than KK but the quality of the KK donuts is better than that of DD in my opinion.  I like my donuts at least warm, and I like to know where they come from.  However, DD has much better coffee.  It's kind of a wash.  So...you can go to KK and get a donut then go over to DD to get some good coffee!  Problem solved!  It's ok Rachael Ray...I forgive you!"Time to make the donuts!"
1	OK... Now don't get me wrong here, I am a HUGE fan of Dunkin' Donuts, but I have now had too many bad experiences at this location. The coffee... GREAT! Service... Good. Running out of almost EVERYTHING on the menu, including Bagels and Donuts... HORRIBLE!!!!(and this isn't the first time this has happened)Stopped in yesterday...My wife, daughter, and I literally ordered and had to wait 20min (there were only 2 other patrons in the joint). Within that 20min, we had to change our order four times because everything we ordered was sold out.WHAT?!?!?!?!?If you just need to pick up a quick coffee, this location isn't too bad. If you want a snack or something for Breakfast or Lunch... forget about it!Thank God one has opened closer to my home. Hopefully they have it together better than the S. Rainbow Location.Cheers!
1	My first one star.I didn't think that was in me.On vacation, cruising off the strip, the neon lights of the Dunkin' Donuts sign shined and beckoned me.So excited since I loved hitting up this place for donuts and their "signature" coffee(fancy sounding but fitting), whenever I visited the East Coast. I loved the mini donuts(do they still sell that?) and how they mix the cream and sugar in your coffee so perfectly.  Am so excited a location finally opened "West Coast-ish".But  I was so bummed.Why? I tried to order  one vanilla glazed, one chocolate and one Bavarian creme donut. To my dismay, the worker replied back that they only had one flavor available, Boston cream pie. Yes, one flavor out of twelve! Disappointed but not deterred, I ordered three of them and an ice coffee.How did it taste?Donuts - stale. Not even "from the morning" stale, but the morning before morning yesterday stale. Ice coffee - good as I remember.Would I go back?Coffee, yes.For donuts, not this location. I might have to hit up Krispy Kreme or Winchell's since donuts and coffee are an ultimate taste combination.
3	check out the wife's review:http://www.yelp.com/user_details_review_search?userid=KZ6vu30XTgq5X6dIO3_GIQ&q=donutsThe only thing she omitted was the fact I still thought the donuts were still okay -- that is until she threw them out.
2	Back in Vegas, I had to give DD another try being New Years and all.With my earlier experience, I came up with another way of approaching placing an order at the drive-thru to minimize possible disappointment.Instead of scanning the donut menu board and have my mouth water as I look at all the yummy looking pictures of the sixteen different flavors, I simply asked:  "What donuts do you have?"As the voice on the speaker rattled off a list , at least seven types (a definite improvement), I ended up ordering a chocolate glazed, Bavarian creme a cup of famous  java. Donuts were fresh and coffee was as good as I remember.DD LV improved a bit. Plus 1 star :=)
1	I just don't get it , I really don't !  All the hub bub that Dunkin' has finally made it to the Vegas Valley  - my opinion, leave, leave now !  I've tried Dunkin' 4 times at  two different locations including the  one on Rainbow - simply put, the DONUTS SUCK !!  People, if you need a donut, show a little love to Ronald's - they deserve it.
3	This is just for the coffee. didn't get a chance to eat a donut because i was still stuffed from dinner.  Heard so many things about their coffee from co-workers who use to live in the East Coast that I went out of my way to try it.  There coffee was good, but I still don't understand what the hype is all about.
1	This place is always out of somthing. the Dunkin Donuts on the east coast are 100% better
3	The donuts are as regular as can be. There is nothing special about them. They don't taste bad or anything like that, but it just wouldn't be my first choice.The coffee is actually pretty good when they place the sugar and creamer in for you. I just couldn't drink it everyday like that. It is way too sweet. The last time I went I had the coffee plain, but it was whatever. It really needs the add-ins.
3	Not sure why people love DD coffee so much, but the chocolate frosted donut is a solid choice.  Not the best I ever had, but will do in a pinch.
3	Just passed by this DD the other week, and sad to see it is now CLOSED.  Blame the economy I suppose.
3	The service was good. I went in to try the new cocoa yeast donuts. Yuk is all I can say. I love Dunkin Donuts. Just not the new cocoa yeast. They were honestly dry and had no taste at all. Save your money and do not try these. Stick to you favorites.
5	So I was totally upset when I seen that this Dunkin Donuts had bad reviews. I stop by here almost everyday! I get a medium iced coffee with cream and one splenda with a turbo shot and a chocolate frosted donut.I seriously am addicted to this donut, I crave it like crazy.The service is great and can not think of anything bad to say.I love you Dunkin Donuts. Hehe
2	The ONLY reason I am giving this Dunkin such a low rating is because of the customer service this morning. otherwise it would get at least 4 stars! the guy on the drive thru speaker was great. it was the blonde girl at the window, she acted like I came to her home a demanded coffee and doughnuts! I'm sorry you have to do your job while you are at work! Maybe customer service is not your line of work.
4	I missed DD when I was in San Francisco. I was able to get it in DC pretty easily, obviously, and now, again, here in Vegas. Thank God. But why oh why do you always run out of the sour cream donuts? I don't even eat crap junk food very often. But when PMS strikes, rather than choosing to run down people with my car, I come here to try to get a bite of sugary zen. And sometimes, you have them, but most of the time, you DON'T. I'm gonna give you four stars, because I want to have faith in the Makers of the Universe...that you will see the error of your ways, and just make more damned sour cream donuts. Just think of it as making the streets a safer place to be once a month. Thank you!
4	The egg white flatbread sandwich is Trainer Jo Approved
1	I came in on Labor day one morning w/ my kids, nephew & niece. The place was a mess. The staff looked really stressed out. I normally like to make my own breakfast, but I made plans to take the kids to Spring Preserves that day so I figured we'd have a quick easy breakfast somewhere on the way.I feel bad for the kids because everything they tried to order on the menu was unavailable. How inconvenient. They settled for a bagel w/ cream cheese & 3 donuts. The smoothies were not good. The children hardly drank them. My coffee was ok. I have a habit of trying pieces of my children's food & I was not pleased. They didn't even have any organic products like some of the other coffee shops. The bagel, donuts & drinks we had was a waste of $30 It's funny, because I was joking w/ my sister later on that day how I squandered $30 on crappy breakfast at Dunkin Donut's & for lunch we had such an amazing delicious meal w/ huge great portions & excellent service at Komex for the exact same price. Service was ok. To be honest, w/ my experiences from food chains, I never expect good service. Not like when you go to locally owned establishments where you find upbeat & positive personalities serving or assisting you. Nothing special here. With all the other great coffee shops in town, I don't think I'll be back.
3	Haven't had any Dunkin' Donuts since elementary school. It's alright. A pretty good alternative aside from Krispy kreme's. But I have a sweet tooth so I go for the more sweeter side. But i did enjoy their french cruller and the strawberry frosted donut. If only they opened one in SF.
4	Never had a problem here before that apparently others have had. Damn fine coffee as always from this chain.
3	I am not a big donut eater, as I prefer carby bagels to sugary donuts. Therefore, I do not go to Dunkin Donuts often.I was recently sent to this Dunkin Donuts by my boss to purchase some items for a morning meeting he was having. The first thing I noticed was how clean and spacious the shop was. The second thing I noticed was how friendly the employees were. Perhaps it was because I was in line behind three metro police officers, who the Dunkin Donut employees all knew by name, but the service was exceptionally friendly. The donuts themselves were adorable because it was right around Valentine's Day... Did you know they made heart shaped donuts? I didn't! They were super cute. No clue how they tasted though.  I got bagels as well. They didn't cut the bagels and were a little skimpy on the cream cheese. A dozen donuts, a half dozen bagels, a small box of the munchkins was right around $25. Not unreasonable but not cheap either. Overall, I probably won't go back for myself, but the next time my boss needs to to grab some items for a morning meeting it's pretty likely I will head this way... P.S. They have a drive thru.
5	I love their coffee and why is there not one of these in Utah!!!! :(
4	I love dunkin. Their coffee and breakfast are the best!
3	Three stars for the iced coffee. I have missed DD as they don't have any in northern Colorado. Was not impressed with the staff. I was the only customer inside, and I couldn't figure out if the guy behind the counter was ready for my order, as it appeared as though he was listening to an order on his headset. I had to ask if I could place my order. Weird experience. Luckily this is not my local DD...however, I cannot be deterred  as their coffee is my favorite ever and has been for years.
5	I love Dunkin Donuts! Yummy donuts and friendly service. I'd crawl across the desert for a Pink Cruller --- of course, I live in the desert, so I wouldn't have to crawl very far, but that's not the point... I love DD and there's one opening down the street from me. Hooray!
3	Nothing reminds me of a hot East Coast Summer day quite like a Dunkin Donuts iced coffee.  Any time I'm feeling nostalgic I hit up a local DD and it transports me back home. Sadly this location is a clusterfuck based on slow service and the busy hub of South Rainbow and the 215. Other than that it's still DD and I can't hate on any place that provides me a nostalgic caffeine fix.
4	I hadn't been inside a Dunkin' Donuts for years. I started out in the drive-thru but the menu didn't have all the varieties of donuts they had so I decided to pull around and go inside. The girl behind the counter was very friendly. I explained that I needed a moment to look the menu over. She asked what kind of donuts I liked and helped me with suggestions. She was so helpful and nice. I ended up getting a combo type thing that came with 2 donuts and a coffee. I got a blueberry donut and a chocolate filled donut. I also got a caramel iced coffee and let em tell you it was delicious! I'm a Starbucks fan all the way but would have no problem drinking this coffee again I was very pleased. I definitely recommend this location!
3	On a Sunday, we ordered 1 dozen donuts and a  sm iced mocha for 16- Expensive donuts. 1/2 dozen is $6! ouch. More than Krispy Kremes- Soft and chewy. Nowhere near the texture of a Albertsons. haha- No more munchkins! Glazed goes fast! Come early- Sm is the size of a grande at starbucks!?- Pre-made fail yet still good. oxymoron?!- Too much hype for something not in CA
5	I like coming to this specific location.  The staff here are friendly, & know what we order. It's always clean & the coffee is brewed fresh. I can't stand coffee that sits around!!Very upset about the loyalty punch cards being taken away!!! I've been going to this location for 2 years! I WANT MY PUNCH CARDS BACK!!    D: (mad face w/o uni-brow)
5	I love this DD because I am in and out in less then 3 mins or faster. I think they know what I want before I even order. The coffee isn't bitter like some other chain coffee places. I think I love it even more because a large ice coffee is only $2.80, so I don't feel back for going every morning!
2	Worst Dunkin Donuts I have ever been to. Little variety to choose from. Employees seem to really hate working there. They were not unfriendly, but they were not happy to be at work in that location. I have been going to this location for several years, and have noticed it going down hill for a while.  The lack of selection is propbably the worst thing about this location. A donut is acutally supposed to have donuts right? If you are looking for a plain cake donut or a cake donut with some frosting and sprinkles on it then this place is ok.  Just a lot of ho hum blah at this location. Not bad enough to warrent only one star, but not good enough to go back anymore. Bottom line: The pastry selection at the average Las Vegas grocery store is equal to or better than the selection at this Dunkin Donuts location.
5	Love the coffee hands down better than Starbucks and the service is always great at this store.
4	Drove by this location earlier today and got drive thru. Wasn't busy so service was pretty quick. Their selection were pretty basic which is fine by me since I am happy with a glazed. Any way I got a 1/2 dozen which consisted of a strawberry frosted, sprinkle chocolate glazed, chocolate glazed, maple glazed, and a plain glazed. Brought me to 6 something but with military discount it was brought to 5 something! The fact that they gave military discount put a smile on my face lol. Other than that the lady could have been a bit more friendly but oh well!
5	If your up early and need some good coffee and donuts I highly recommend this place not only the best donuts but the best coffee I have tried aswell .
5	Elyse took care of my concerns. Quick feedback! She turned things around for me.
1	They got our order wrong twice, we had to walk all the way back to get the food right the second time it was made incorrectly.
5	Talk about awesome services. There's one employee by the name of Artwon always makes me smile and always hooks me up. I love this place.
2	The coffee is good, but the customer service is horrible. They usually rush us thru the drive-thru only to get our order wrong almost every time. They are also very rude. We have a Starbucks and a Dunkin close to our house, which one do you think we will go to?
1	No stars for me where did all the good employee's go out of no where .. sorry you guys lost a loyal customer. Rude, manger took forever to help me with my concerns. Dont even know her name, someone needs to take this store over or bring back the old workers.
5	5* for the friendly staff at this location! Had to buy some gift cards and their machine wasn't swiping correctly, but the girl working the register made it work and didn't punch any walls in the process. Their caramel lattes are one of my guilty pleasures!
4	The service here was OK. (I would give the service 3 stars)  The hazelnut creme ice coffee was good.  (I would give the food 4 stars because I like their variety of donut holes.)I 'm not much of a hash brown fan but the hash browns at Dunkin' Donuts were good.
1	I rarely review chains let alone fast food but I was so annoyed today that I had to leave a review. I stopped in for breakfast before work. The girl at the register was loudly sucking and gnawing on a dumdum lollipop. It was disgusting. She was handling food and drinks while doing this. She didn't bother taking it out of her mouth to speak to me which caused her to make horrible slurping noises the entire time. I just looked in disbelief. Her manager saw the whole thing and said nothing.
1	The service here was terrible, the girl at the register was obviously not happy to be working today! We ordered half a dozen and I started to select which ones I wanted and she rudely said "hold on!" And finished up the order. After we paid and I started selecting my donuts, one that I picked wasn't included in the half dozen price (which is why I would have liked to pick first)! So we had to pay again for the other donut and she acted extremely inconvenienced, are you serious?!
5	Dunkin  has very nice atmosphere  and offers  a great value with very friendly employees to welcome you .We wish there were more locations we are  loyal  customers . My familys favorite donuts are the seasonal filled ones.
3	Great coffee, great donuts. However, we had the black Angus steak egg bagel sandwich and also a sesame seed bagel with cream cheese and they were just okay. The steak is more of a pressed steak it's not a real steak. Next time we'll stick with the donuts and the coffee.
3	I love Dunkin' Donuts. They have an amazing selection of coffee and drinks and their doughnuts... where do I even begin with that? Flavors are endless! I love just about everything they have to offer and I've experienced great service every time I go inside the actual shop or just a simple drive-thru! However, I think that they should just serve donuts and drinks. I like the idea how they have quick breakfast sandwiches and some bite-size hash browns, but the quality of food is not the same. Dunkin' Donuts is known for their donuts and coffee... not their cheap combos. They have some great ideas (steak and eggs sandwich or flatbread.. that sounds delicious!) but it is just not the same. I recently went to the S. Rainbow location located right next to Eyebrows R Us and wanted to try something different.  I know its just Dunkin' Donuts and I don't expect much from their quality of food, but I do expect employees to know what they are doing. I went to order my food and I wanted to try the Chicken & Biscuit combo, but the cashier did not even know what number combo it was. He had to ask me what number it was showing on the poster behind him. (There was no number by the way. It was just the picture of the combo.) He was super friendly, but he needs to get a little bit more training before he heads out. He didn't know the combo number and couldn't figure it out so I decided to get something else. I wanted to try the Grilled Chicken Flatbread and hash browns on the side. When I finished ordering, five minutes later, he comes out to tell me that there was a miscommunication and that they do not have grilled chicken, but breaded instead. I said okay. I mean what else am I supposed to do? Finally..... when I got my order, I had breaded BURNT chicken with no hash browns. I  was really disappointed with the outcome and now I don't even want to try any of their meal combos. I'm sure it would have turned out better if he had more training.Anyway, next time, i'll just stick with donuts and their coffee!
2	Being from the east coast I grew up on Dunkin Donuts so I should have a bias. I do have to say however that I'm annoyed by how often my order gets messed up at this location. And it's usually when I'm 5 minutes down the road when I realize it. I'm waiving the white flag on this one.
5	Best coffee in town. You never would think a donut shop would be known for their coffee but Dunkin Donuts has excellent coffee. The donuts are slightly above average. But over all a good quick on the go breakfast.
2	The customer service here is great everyone is so nice and friendly they take the time to get too know you !!! The only downfall is that whenever I order a drink its always nasty "coffee wise" and theicy machine is down a lot (that's the only drink I like) and the food is nasty as well. I'm surprised they have so many customers, the only thing I ever get now is a LARGE CUP OF ICE !!! you can't go wrong with a cup of ice.
