2	After a late night flight into Vegas, I wanted to pick up some food, drink a couple brews, and plop in front of the tv.  I was starving but wanted something good.  But when you're hungry, you are willing to settle for almost anything.I almost did.Then I saw Roberto's.  It was fate guiding my famished self to somewhere good.This is an awesome place that's open 24 hours! ! !  The nachos were fantastic: tasty meats, fresh guacamole and chips.  It  was a lot of good food for super cheap.  And at the end of the meal, I was Happy.I know where I'm going for my next post drinking/early morning meal.
4	After a long weekend, there's nothing like hitting the taco shop for a quick treat.  Roberto's is no different.  This one is close to my neighborhood so I frequent it quite often.  Those of you who go to Roberto's know that a lot of em aren't that clean, and this one is getting there.  But right now it's not so bad.  Not-the-cleanest-place-in-the-world aside....this place has GREAT food!  Our fav is the nachos with carne asada.  They take a plate of tortilla chips, smother it with cheddar and Mexican queso then put a HUGE serving of steak on top.  It also gets the guacamole and sour cream treatment.  So amazingly ONO!  Too bad it's a bit greasy...and they tend to not give you enough chips.  The ratio of meat and cheese to chips is a little off....like only 1 layer of chips for 4 layers of chees and meat.  No matter though when you're hungry and it tastes good.  And it only sets you back about $6, and can feed at least 2 folks.Another one of my favs are the tortas, sort of a Mexican sandwich if you will.  You can choose to put shredded chicken or beef, carne asada, machaca, or carnitas in them.  The chicken and beef ones are $3, and the carne asada and carnitas ones are $3.95.  Anyway, the meat goes on one of their oval shaped Mexican buns (which is grilled to make it crispy) and gets the fixings of some lettuce, guacamole, and salsa.  They're pretty good, but watch out because the meat can be hot!  I nearly burned myself the last time.They also got a lot of different combo platters as well, all ranging from the $4 - $7 range.  They have tacos (the shell makes em great), enchilada, burritos, rolled tacos (taquitos to you), all kinds of stuff.  Their big attraction is their salsa bar though.  They got your basic mild green tomatillo salsa, and their hot red salsa.  Don't get them mixed up on your first visit like I did years ago!  Red is HOT, no Pico Di Gallo!  Both go with your food quite well.  They also have pickled carrots & onions on the bar (so nice), along with fresh cucumbers, green onions(still uncut on the stalk!), and cut limes.  The gf's kids love the Mexican drinks on tap with unlimited refills if you eat in: Horchata (their fav-it's like Cinnamon Milk), Tamarindo (tamarind), Pina (almost like pina colada), and Jamaica (tastes like Jamaicans, just kidding!  it's actually Hibiscus tea).  The drinks compliment your food in a way you wouldn't think it could.  Most Roberto's are open 24 hours a day (could be the reason why a lot of em are surrounded by bulletproof glass at the counter-keep off robbers) and they serve breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  Their breakfast burritos are killer!    The service may not be greatest or the quickest (sometimes the person taking your order doesn't know much English) but that's no problem.  Just say EXACTLY what you want from the menu the way it's listed on there.  The people at the one I go to are nice and courteous and treat us like regulars (well...because we are I guess).  Don't forget to check your mail for the Valpak envelope, there's almost ALWAYS a coupon for Roberto's.  The last one I got had a beef taco for $1, and 5 rolled tacos (with tons of cheese and guacamole on top) and a 20 oz. soda for $5.50.  Very good for the price.  So the next time you get a craving for some fast Mexican, forget Taco Bell and go for some Roberto's!
4	I would go here above any other fast food taco shop in my area.  I simply don't understand why people would subject themselves to Taco Bell over this place.  The chicken burrito is ridiculously huge, cheap and all you need for lunch.  I guess you could take some of the bags of hot sauce from TB over here if you wanted to be all extreme about it :P  I also like the carne asada burrito.  Huge. Ghetto.  Cheap.  Filling.
3	How does this chain place still retain such a local feel?Allow me to count the ways:--  the people working here try talking to me in Spanish (I applaud the effort) and then abruptly stop when I give them my "I don't understand" look.--  each store is set up a little differently: meaning some locations look grungier than others.--  the inconsistency of the food makes you believe they are actually cooking.--  there is no dollar menu, volcano taco, or mascot to promote their food. Overall, Roberto's deserves a 3.5 star, but I have to round them down even though they've filled my belly many a time in the wee hours of the night since the stuff I order is totally greasy and unhealthy and my heart just won't allow to give them four.  *thump thump, thump thump*
4	The carne asada fries are so yummy! The steak actually tastes like real marinated meat, not all processed like most other fast food mexican joints. And they're not stingy with the steak either... i'll post a pic :) Good service, fast. Big portions. i like it!
1	GARBAGE... I don't understand what all the hype is about. I was born and raised in Los Angeles, so i think i know what Mexican food is suppose to taste like. I've eaten here twice because I was broke and starving and after both times I've regret it. If I want my food covered in oil i would have taken my plate to auto zone...  Your better off going to Faustos Mexican grill. It's right down the street off of Rainbow and Robindale..
5	I love the carne asada or the chicken nachos!Great price and a whole lot of food!
5	Look no further. This is your only choice for the best Mexican food in Vegas. I've been to many all over the valley and this location has them all beat!!!!!
5	4:06 am Las Vegas food is sooo good!#10 carnitas plate mmmmmCarne asada taco mmmmmFresh and fast food!
4	For the money, one of the best place to eat.  This will be a regular place to eat.  The torta is simply yummy.  Don't even try to compare this to Taco Bell version.  It is night and day to how much better Roberto's.  The chicken burrito is full of chicken...they do not get cheap on you.
5	This Roberto's is the best Roberto's in Vegas. The lady that works weekdays behind the grill has got to be the patron saint of Mexican Food. There seems to be a Roberto's every three blocks in Vegas (which is ok with me) but this one always has fresh food and consistent portions. They always cook fresh.. some Robertos will pull pre-cooked food out of a pan when you order something.I come here at least three times a week. They have Chicken Nuggets for my son who is going through the "Peanut butter, Peperoni, Chicken Nugget" phase of his life.. I hope it is a phase...It's also super clean. I see them cleaning/recleaning all the time.
4	HANDS DOWN, BEST CARNE ASADA FRIES EVER!  Yes, I went here at 5am.  Yes, I was drunk.  But still..best carne asada fries ever!  My first time in Vegas and my friend who lives out there took me to this spot after the club.  I couldn't even finish it, but I did kill it the next day.  And they were just as good if not better the 2nd day.  I also had a taste of the carne asada burrito-and yes, that was also a 10.
5	It seems like Roberto owns most of Las Vegas, being that there are over 80 or so locations of his taco shop all within a 15-mile radius. It's perfect, because wherever you are, and whatever time it is, Roberto's is open and ready to serve your drunk ass full of lip-smacking good Mexican food.  And it still tastes amazing when you're hungover, or completely sober. I find myself constantly craving their carnitas tacos.  Wow, did I just drool as I typed that?Must try:Carnitas Tacos- tender, salty, and juicy shredded pork, cheese, guacamole, hot corn tortillas... I think I need one STAT.Carne asada fries-  Oh yes, they went there.Honorable Mention: Breakfast burrito with baconAny location will do just fine.  Just wish they had one in LA.  Is that too much to ask for?  They're open 24 hours a day, and most shops also have a drive-thru. It's fast, cheap and soooooooo good.Note: Anyone who says they've gotten sick from Roberto's probably got alcohol poisoning.... not food poisoning.
4	Roberto's is my favorite taco joint in Las Vegas.  This is the location we typically go to, but there are locations all over the valley.  Some locations are nicer than others, but the food is consistently tasty.I normally get the carne asada plate and split it with my boyfriend.  There's usually enough for the both of us to make 4 or 5 tacos from it.  The steak is always flavorful and juicy and it also comes with beans, rice, and lettuce.  The flour tortilla that they give has a great taste to it - I could eat it alone.  We always get the chicken tacos too.  They make the taco shell fresh so its crispy once you get it.  They pile on the cheese too (my favorite part) ;)I go here often and whole heartedly recommend it if you in the mood for some fast authentic Mexican food.
3	I'm from socal and had to try this place out from the local rants.  Yes my carne asada burrito was good but it just didn't do justice in the flavor department.  However their condiments was quite on par and I enjoyed the pickled carrots very much...maybe I'll try the carne asada fries next time I drive through.
4	One of my late night stop when I stay out in blue diamond area!
1	I'm having a hard time coming up with anything good to say about this faux Mexican-food joint. The meat is shredded and then cooked so much that it turns dry, chewy, and clumped together. It was virtually inedible and I had a very difficult time managing to get three of my eight taco's down. Wait, these should not be called tacos. Tacos do NOT feature deep fried shells, hand-fulls of cheese, half-a-head of lettuce, and meat products resembling dog droppings. Needless to say, I didn't finish my food.It has "Taco" in the name but what they make are not tacos, rather something resembling food i would only reserve for my worst enemy. You couldn't pay me to return. I can't fathom how this place is part of a chain. Then again it's open late and probably gets most of its business from the drunk crowd. Steer clear if you're looking for a descent meal.
3	Def one of the better Robertos. Carne asada fries!
3	pretty good!  I was a huge fan of the refried beans but not so much of the beef taco...the meat was a little bland.  The cinnamon rice drink they had was awesome!  I will give it another go round.
1	No, just.... no.I've heard other locals sing the praises of this place for years, but my return to this place was filled with nothing but regret.'You ordered wrong - you have to try their burritos!" -- "not all stores are the same, you have to go to a good one!" -- "It's really good if you are drunk!" -- are just some of the qualifiers I was offered as to why people like this place, but whatever they are currently calling themselves, be it Roberto's, or their increasingly appearing new moniker of "Don Tortaco" (believe me, the menu, decor, and food are identical), these places are the lowest common denominator of food.Last week I caved in to the pressure and decided to try their burritos - as reported, they weren't as wet and revolting as some of their other offerings, decent for the price, but then my wife and I both became violently ill and suffered stomach cramps (and you can imagine the rest) for the rest of the weekend.Sure, Roberto's/Don Tortaco might be "great if you're drunk", but people do a lot of stupid things when they are intoxicated, and that's no reason to recommend these activities on Yelp.Stay away.
3	Now called Don Tortaco. Fairly decent food and great salsa. Delicious chile rellanos. Good, large ben & chez burritos, very filling. Friendly atmosphere.
4	I have kind of gotten hooked on the place, and the workers all know me by name now. I'm here at least once a week if not 2 or 3 times. Love their chile rellanos & chile rellano burritos. Their carne asada chimichangas are perfect and my roommate loves the carne asada burritos. Their ben & chez (bean & cheese) burritos are huge and filling and like $2.50. Love their red hot sauce & the carrot/onion mix and radishes. Occasionally you get some tough meat, but the majority of the time it is super tender and flavorful.Wish YELP would finally update their records with the new (its only been Don Tortaco for like a year +) name.
5	Place was very clean. Service was friendly, Food was very good. The breakfast burritos are very good.   My mistake there is a location at 1 block north on Rainbow and 215. I thought this one was it.
1	1st off this place is not called Robertos but Don Tortaco! 2nd I called in my order so that I wouldn't have to wait but lucky me I got the new guy who didnt take down my order correctly. So here I am writing my review as I wait for my food. Got home and my carne asada plate had corn tortillas and not flour! That might seem minor to some but I can't stand corn tortilla. First and last time coming here!!!
4	Great California burrito. They always get my order right. Great Mexican food, for Vegas, that is.
3	This is like the go to Taco shop. Definitely fast food, food is just ok. It's close and convenient,  but not my top pick for Mexican food.  Carnitas plate is the best thing I've eaten here.
3	Good location, it's very close to my workplace.I love their chicken burritos here, the chicken was very juicy, I really love it. And it was very affordable too, I can eat it everyday without over spending money.Service was actually good, but I guess a little more improvement would be good specially on the orders. Delaying orders should not be practice.
1	This place is f*ing disgusting. Soggy fries, soggy burritos, soggy tacos, hard rice & dry meat. Disgusting. Only thing good is the juice. Hire new cooks please. If I could give 0 stars I would've...
