3	Not sure I would pay for this show, but for free, it was great! My Dad's always been a Beatles fan, so I picked up a couple of house seats tickets to take him.The show itself only lasts one hour, which is probably a tad short, but long enough for them to breeze through the major hits. Pretty much every song is a crowd pleaser; that's how prolific the Beatles were. The first half is mostly their earlier stuff. There is then a short intermission with an SF Haight-Ashbury video montage. This transitions us into their hippie era, complete with Sgt Pepper style outfits.As a cover band, they are pretty good. From far away, I thought that Paul actually looked like Sir Paul. John and Paul sing most of the leads and they sounded pretty good. The lone song that George sang was also pretty good. But when Ringo got on the mic - that sounded slightly comical. Still, they do a great job and really get the crowd into it.
3	Meh I've seen better and I've seen worse.As an ensemble they do a half decent job.  Individually things start to break down.  Their paul is their best individual performer and from there it goes downhill.  So so John, very iffy George (pretty good on the geetar tho) and a quite worrying ringo.The hour long show charts their career chronologically and half way through there is a costume change from the suited look to their later sgt pepper look. All the main hits get an airing.The theatre itself is recently remodeled, plush booths up front, rows of chairs as you go further back and cash bars to the side.  Good sound and views throughout.  The booths cost more but we were happy enough with a standard seat. If you get in early you can snag one with a table too.After the show the performers meet and greet the audience Outside the theatre and will take photos, chat in character and so on - for free - which is never granted in Vegas.A fun show, just not spectacularly amazing.
2	I really wanted this to be great! Walking in to the Maltz-Jupiter Theater in South Florida I was immediately 'taken back' by the faux beatles amplification equipment on stage. If I recall, they used 'Vox" equipment, not 'broken down' amps from the '50's'.Prior to 'Yesterday's' entrance on stage there was a out-of-focus video depicting scenes from the 50's showing Bill Haley, Buddy Holly & others."The Beatles" opened w/ Twist 'n Shout & preceded w/ their early hits." Please, Please Me" sans harmonica lacked 'oomph'!They changed into their Sgt Pepper outfits during the break & played for another hour & closed w/ 'Twist & Shout' (?).Between the 'fuzzy' videos & the incessant non-funny banter from "John", all in all it was just "OK". In my opinion they need to play more songs, non stop & present a nice musical package & cut the 'humor'.
