5	So happy there's a Dutch bros on the way to MCC now, still the same great coffee you can get at any of their locations. They're always so chill.
5	This was my first time EVER going to a Dutch Bros... Getting tired of the same old Starbucks (and annoyed that they're asking their customers to no longer open carry in their stores, but that's a whole other issue. I am BEYOND impressed by my visit today. Staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Customer service simply doesn't exist like this anymore! My drink (annihilator) was DELICIOUS! I will be back!
5	Dutch Bros is kind of like going to a strip club. Everyone is overly friendly and asks you questions about your day and your weekend plans like they're pretending to get to know you. Then you exchange money. In this case however, you walk away with a tasty coffee beverage instead of walking away smelling like cheap body spray and glitter. I like that the coffee doesn't have that strange burnt taste like some other places.
5	The ordering process took a trip to get used to but I love this place a little more every time I go. The staff are super nice in a hip way (another review said pretend nice, but they do remember you are a few trips). Even in drive thru you give your order to a person and they chat with you while it's made. Great customer service. The drinks are good once you figure out there is only one size cup  - ordering a small, medium,large just means more shots. Ordering is easy peasy - flavors are free and you add extra sweet if you don't like the taste of coffee. Check it out!
5	I am amazed how consistently awesome the service is at Dutch Bros Coffee.  Not only this one, but all of the locations.  I always love good energy and all you Dutch Bro team members have it.....You Guys Rock!
5	I had gone to the Dutch Bros on McQueen which was by my work a few times and loved it, and I'm so glad this one opened because it's a mile from my place so I can go more often! Not only are the drinks uber delicious, the staff is always having a blast and very friendly and talkative. They even have different theme days like Mustache Monday and Tubular Tuesday, so it's always a treat to go and see what they're up to. I have gone there while being in a bad mood and they magically cheer me up. Being a drive-thru and not being Starbucks are already awesome alone, but add the yummy drinks and fun service, and I'm hooked! I would go even if the drinks weren't that good just because of the service. I don't think enough businesses realize how important that is.
5	I ordered The Dutch Cocoa and it made my night even that much sweeter :)There was only one girl that was working and she was very friendly and upbeat.I will return.
5	My husband and I were in town for a wedding for a week and found ourselves at Dutch every single day. I have a dairy intolerance and they have coconut milk and creamer.. What a treat! All of the baristas are so friendly and welcoming. We loved chatting with Morgan and Micaela daily! Awesome place!
5	Fun crew, speedy service, and delicious beverages! One of my favorites!
5	I love coming here. Never have to wait long and everyone working there is extremely friendly. They get the drinks right and even recommend other drinks for your taste. The kicker is so yummy. This particular location made me a fan of Dutch bros. I moved from LA and we don't have this there.
5	I can't believe I haven't reviewed Dutch Bros yet, what is wrong with me? Oops sorry guys!When this location opened not long ago we were so excited to have one close by and to see the something new and successful in an area that's gone a bit stale. I'm not ashamed to admit that the first week they were open we made a Dutch Bros trip every single day. The crew at this location has always been great, always a smiling face and friendly conversation. A little recognition and familiarity goes a long way in my book. I have ordered some strange combinations thanks to dietary restrictions, trying to find something I like, and they always get it right without batting an eyelash. Recently this crew helped me pull off a fun surprise for my husband, sharing the news that we were expecting. The whole group got into it, making his favorite drink (half sweet iced annihilator) and writing congratulations all over it. It was definitely above and beyond, and I'm so thankful to this awesome group of guys and gals for making a great moment even better.
5	You know that vibe when someone is trying really hard to be kind and lovable and friendly but it's fake?  Me too, but at Dutch that NEVER happens.  These guys are the real deal.  Not hit or miss snobby like a lot of coffee baristas.  These guys hit the ball out of the park every single time.  Want a good cup of joe or a whipped and blended concoction - go Dutch.
5	Felt like posting a little review because the Fiesta Mall crew snapped me out of one grumpy mood this morning with all their silly dancing around.I love this place because:A) every drink I've ever tried is great!B) they're not StarbucksC) prices are great (unlike Starbucks)D) always friendly and funE) they're not StarbucksF) goes great with my morning cigar at the Tinder Box...1457 W Southern Ave #110 Mesa, AZ 85202G) ^^ shameless plug lol
1	Booo got it wrong again.  You guys have messed up 4 of my last 5.  Taking another DB break and going back to making my own til I can get over it.
5	You literally can't have a bad day after getting your Dutch fix topped with the smiles and cheer from these folks..
1	Dutch is consistently the best coffee I've ever had, but I can't go to this location anymore because they are consistently way slower than all the other nearby locations. It took them 5 minutes or more to make two drinks for the people in front of me, after I had already been in line watching two other customers be helped for more than 10 minutes. The one on rural and the one on McQueen are awesome, but I don't think I'll be back to this one again
5	There coffee is amazing, super fast service and always perfect! I also love their positivity, it's not often I walk away from a business smiling every time. They sure know how to change your mood around! Must be a great work environment!! Anyway, 5 stars service!!
1	Unfortunately this is my only means of communicating with you since you will not answer your phone.  I heard about the 9 stamp day for at least a week by several employees.  I go through this location usually several times a week and on my last visit I had a conversation with one of the guys there and asked him about 9 stamp day just two days ago MONDAY and he said yes but you will have to get a quad shot to get the 9 stamps.  I had zero idea what exactly he was talking about comparing sizes and prices didnt get what he was saying other than you spend more you get stamps which is fine with me so husband went in this a.m to get coffee and they told him no we dont have 9 stamp here thats at the Lemon location.  WTF?  WTF????????  At least you got my coffee right today!  but you ruined my day with the 9 stamp bullshit and now I have to go to another location.  Totally pissed off and you guys owe me a free coffee in the least!
5	This was where I had my first dutch bros experience! The Italian sodas are to die for and the fruity pebbles freeze is real good too! The staff is beyond friendly and they always strike up an interesting conversation with you while they're making your drink. I love how they do punch cards where you can get a free drink after 10 purchases. They also do 2 stamp Tuesday which is nice. My first time here the lady gave me 9 stamps instead of one for trying it out, so she basically gave me a free drink, which I thought was awesome of here. They also play good music here!
1	The coffee here is fantastic and the people are nice. The reason I am giving this place 1 star is because the employees working the window talk to much to the people in th drive thru. I dont want to wait in line for 30 plus minutes and then tell some fucking teenager what I'm doing today. JUST GIVE ME MY FUCKING COFFEE my god!
5	I refuse to purchase Starbucks! They have terrible, bitter, and burnt tasting coffee. Dutch Bros is fast, friendly, and has more variety with Soy and Coconut Milk for alternatives! The coffee is way better and the people make you leave with a smile!
4	This place has ignited a coffee love in me. I'm up to drinking an Annihilator on a daily basis!  4 shots if espresso will power you through the morning with ease. The staff is always super nice and on Tuesdays you get two stamps on your mafia card!The only reason I give 4 stars and not five is that the parking lot is jacked up. Who ever designed it did not think it through. If the line for the drive thru gets long you can't back out to leave!
5	Ashley, Bethany and morning crew were so amazing. This was my first time at a Dutch Bros. They gave me a big loud warm welcome and made me feel like I they were my personal barista and I their favorite customer. Thanks for starting my Monday off right!!! To top it off I had a special order and they nailed it!!!
2	My daughter told us about this coffee shop. So we stopped off to see what it's all about. You can only order your coffee when you get to the window. (subtract 1 star). The car in front of us had several gals in the car and the cashier, a guy, was chatting away for at least ten minutes and a few minutes after giving them their coffee. (Minus 1 star). We gave our order and I told him this was the first time we have tried their coffee, so he gave me a card with 9 stamps on it.  I tried their Annihilator and at first it tasted good, then it was watered down. My wife's coffee was so-so. (Minus another star). I think we are going to stick with Starbucks for their flavored coffee.The next time I visit Dutch Bros it'll be to try their regular coffee.
5	So I've been eating to try this place for the longest time. The thing that REALLY pushed me to go though? A news story about another location who went above and much beyond the call of duty of a valley family this past Christmas when they found out one of the family's youngest members were sick and in the hospital again. They hooked mom up (loyal customer) with a gift card to last a couple weeks of coffee and then delivered gifts to the little one in the hospital. That story alone was my push to try it out!I was sitting in the car trying to figure what the hell to get when a barista came out and asked me what I was ordering. I quickly advised I was a newbie and she kindly directed me to the window where another amazeball barista would help me pick something out. She was so sweet and helped me choose what I wanted. We cracked some jokes amongst ourselves and the other baristas inside (apparently you can put whipped cream on ANYTHiNG...hence the topping on my straw...inside joke). Anyway, after she learned that it was my first time, she quickly punched a card for me and almost filled it up all the way (still gotta spend a tiny bit more before I get a freebie), but guess what?! Only more incentive to keep me coming back. Great service and good coffee. Though I can't afford to be a daily or even weekly customer, it will certainly be an amazing treat when o do get the chance!
