5	I lived in Tucson for 16 wonderful years, leaving with my three children, new husband and two stepchildren in 2002 for New York. New York is wonderful in many ways, but truly is lacking in true authentic Mexican food. And there is no fooling my family. So when I come back to Arizona to visit my family here, the first thing I want is authentic Mexican food. Since my parents and sister live in Apache Junction, we find our fix at Los Tacos. The place is immaculately clean, the staff courteous and genuinely kind. I think we'd have a longer conversation if I spoke Spanish but their English is just fine. The food is cooked to order, the tortillas homemade. There is a salsa bar with salsa fresca, roasted hot peppers, spiced carrots, salsa verde and a nice chipolte salsa. I am not sure if they serve coffee as they are always so kind to let me bring in my morning addiction, Starbucks Vente. My son, who came on this trip with me, wakes each morning to walk the two miles to Starbucks and then a few steps more to Los Tacos. What a wonderful way to start the day. I can't recommend them high enough. Definitely worth the four mile walk each morning.
5	So my girlfriend who is a sales rep for a cell phone company and calls on Apache Junction. She tells me about this little mexican joint that is off the hook. I'm thinking off the hook and AJ don't usually go together. Until now.Los Tacos was worth the drive from South Phoenix. Let me start by saying it's hands down the cleanest mexican restaurant I've EVER seen. I thought they just opened but the owner said they've been open 3 years. The food is great and the carne asada was the best I've had in a long time. Excellent beef and chicken tacos especially the hard shells.Overall, excellent food, great service from the owner. It's evident she cares about her customers. Los Tacos is a must try if you are in AJ or if you want to make a drive for  some great mexican food.
5	While visiting with a friend in AJ we were looking for some authentic Mexican food and we found it!  The food was delicious and it was the cleanest Mexican restaurant we've ever been in!  Very fresh food...will go again if ever in that area.
4	This was a quick stop on our way to Tortilla Flats...  Yelped it and was interested...  Looks like just any other strip mall taco joint but,  what counted was the food.  The place again was very clean, new actually.  The waitress's were very nice and helpful.  The food was surprisingly good ..  The pork taco's and Chili Relleno were yummy.  The taco salad was nothing special but,  good none the less.  Liked this place a lot...
5	Best place in AJ. Carne asada is genuine and flavorful. Cleanest place in town!
5	We stopped in for breakfast.  There were 6 of us.  Clean and good food.  Great Machaca breakast burrito.
4	Had their carne asada burrito for lunch with the pico de gallo - had them place the guacamole on the side based on other reviews.  The carne asada was very good, and I found the guac to be ok.
4	Anyone living in AJ knows that they are going to have to go elsewhere for a decent dinner out.   This place is a little casual, but they have the very good Mexican food.  Freshly prepared, defiantly the real deal.  Delicious!  Very friendly people and the prices extremely reasonable.  Finally a restaurant in AJ that's NOT embarrassingly bad!
5	This a great, clean little restaurant with excellent food at a very fair price. When my food was a few minutes late, they even gave me a free drink and apologized profusely, even though I wasn't at all unhappy with the service. They are the friendliest and do everything right at Los Tacos.
5	Here in Apache Junction on business. We stayed at the Best Western Bout 1 mile from this place.My wife and I decided we wanted simple and hit yelp. Found Los Tacos. It was clean, tasty, quick, and close to the hotel. We ate lunch at Nandos. This place tasted just as good. My wife saw the sopes, and she was set. One thing, don't take a bite of the roasted jalapeno until you meal arrives.........
5	Very clean and friendly! And the prices are extremely reasonable. They have fresh pico de gallo. I love there food!
5	I've been looking for some decent mexican food around here for over three weeks and wasn't able to find any until I stopped in at Los Tacos after some shopping. The place is as others have stated as being very clean and the staff very friendly. Knowing a bit of spanish will definitely make casual conversation a lot easier.The style is from the Jalisco region of Mexico(central yet on the west coast) and is where Guadalajara is located.The food is very flavorful and tasty. I've been looking for a good burrito shop since leaving San Diego and was getting depressed with not being able to find any. This little place is a good find.
5	Very clean restaurant, friendly service, and excellent food. Have been back a couple of times and taken friends.  Highly recommend for fast, inexpensive, and very yummy Mexican cuisine.
2	My experience was a little different here.  First of all the parking lot was empty, usually a bad sign.  When we entered the resturant, we were the only ones in there.  The two guys working there were friendly enough and the prices were fantastic.  But the food didn't taste quite right.  Something tasted a little off in both my dinner and my wifes.  Almost like the oil they were cooking with was too old.   And the fact that they charge for refills on the soda (after the first free refill, but it's a small cup) was a little offputting.  The price is right but the food could certainly be better.
5	So sad they closed right before thanksgiving 2012 :(Wanted to show my east coast parents the Delish authentic Mexican food at Los Tacos. Guess we will be going to Rudy's Burritos from now on unless another Mexican just as good opens up in AJ. I'm very sad for our loss!!!
