5	These guys are the best! Fair prices, keep all appointments, great designs and friendly personnel. I used them for one house and now they are doing my second house. They do not cut corners, guarantee all work and things look great! I have called many companies here and so many never call back or do horrible work. They have a tree service as well and will do yard maintenance by appointment. I won't call anyone else again once I got these guys!
5	They just did my backyard yesterday. they sub the flat work to ArtCon who did an efficient and great job as well. Martin headed up the crew and he was GREAT. All crew members worked hard and wer very polite.
5	These guys continue to do the best work! The yard they installed for me last summer is thriving. We had a rough winter and they stood by their guarantees and replaced things that did not make it while pruning and reviving stressed but hardy plants.
5	Mauri did a fantastic job on our little backyard. As with many homes in Las Vegas, there isn't a tremendous amount of room, but they were able to make the area interesting, green and functional.We really appreciated the hands-on approach they have to designing an area; we would go down to their offices and discuss what we wanted, they would show us a plan and we could apply modifications right then and there. We actually took the plan home, mulled about it for a week, then called them up and informed them of some final changes we wanted to see - they were more than happy to oblige. We are *extremely* happy with our backyard.Furthermore, Chris, the owner, did an inspection of the work 2 or 3 weeks after installation, helped set up our watering system, explained how and when the plants will grow, how to care for them, and even provided us with a packet with the information he told us. We felt very equipped to manage our backyard - which is excellent as we have a terrible history of basically straight up killing plants due to cluelessness.Beyond that, they have a maintenance service we decided to use to handle some of our plants in the front yard. There were some which were included with the house that we honestly had no idea how to trim, and their service came out and handled it all for us. We even noticed they went above and beyond - they spotted that several trees in the front yard had lower flow drip systems than what they should have been receiving, so they actually fixed that for us as just part of the regular maintenance.
5	i have used other landscape companies in the past - and never got service like this. they wrote up a good estimate - took a lot of time with us to let us pick out just the plants that we really wanted.  then drew up a plan that helped us to see exactly what we were getting. then, when they came to actually do the work - they were incredibly efficient, respectful and tidy. they also gave us good advice and were generally quite helpful and kind.i highly recommend this company.
2	I hired Mauri to landscape my backyard.  While everything looked nice when they finished, there were serious functional flaws with their work.  1. They failed to maintain the proper slope for drainage, so at times of heavy rain, the backyard flooded.  When called back to look at it, they did not offer a solution.  We had to fix it ourselves.2. When they installed the pond / waterfall, they placed the filter system right up against a young palm and buried the hoses and accessories right around it.  As the palm grew, the roots broke the filter and made it impossible to dig up the hoses and accessories.  I am currently paying someone $500 to fix this snafu.3. Part of the job included running electrical to a hot tub, which they subcontracted out.  The electrical was not done to code and they actually attached the breaker box to the side of the hot tub, below the water level.  Of course, if it ever overflows, the water runs right down to the breaker box.  No experienced electrician would ever do this.
5	Looking for Landscapers in Las Vegas is not an easy task.   I asked many folks who they used and most people said, "Mauri Landscapes."     I called and made an appointment and Chris (the Owner) came out and we walked through the yard and came up with a plan which involved adding trees, plants and redoing the lighting in the yard to better accentuate the trees and landscaping that already existed.    Their workers were very good and very communicative.   I was thrilled at the finished product and would definitely hire them again, which I am planning to do today since I'm writing this review! :)What was extra special about these folks was their ability to listen and help plan the landscaping plan.    Like others have said, Chris is very knowledgeable about all of the native plants and provides a tour of his home's gardens to see the plants that each client decides to use.He also has a tree service company that is run by Mike, an arborist by trade.   He did a fantastic job in our yard as well.
3	I'm torn on my review.  The owner knows his stuff and is very helpful.  They made our yard look beautiful.  But here's the "however".  After 30 days one of our trees died, it just didn't take root.  They came out at looked at it and said lets give it 2 weeks and we'll come and look at it again.  2 weeks later, no call and no one showed up.  So we called.  A week went by and they came and looked at the tree and said lets give it a few weeks.  3 weeks later nobody looked at it. Several calls later and promises that they would be here to replace it nobody has shown.  We have made several follow up calls and no response. We are now into month 3.So now we can enjoy our yard with a dead tree.They do good work unless something dies, then you can sit back and look at it for months and get aggravated every time you sit in your yard.
5	Chris and his team did a fantastic job with our very very small back yard. Their prices were a little higher than others but the quality of work made us very happy and worry free. He came up with a plan that made our yard look much bigger than it really is. They replaced a plant that didn't make it. All the other plants did great and three years later we are still happy with the results. They even did a couple things free of charge. We had them put in plants, trees, vines, pavers, artificial grass, fins and lathes screens around the ac unit. I highly recommend
5	These are my go to folks for our annual tree trimming.  We have a very large well established Mesquite and several smaller trees on our property.  And ever since we have started using Mauri Landscapes we have not lost a single tree or had any wind damage from heavy branches falling.  The tree canopies look great year round with their annual maintenance.  The team that comes out are extremely professional, considerate of your home and the neighbors.  They always arrive a few minutes early than their scheduled time, they get right to work and all plant material/trimmings are disposed of on site via their chipper.Highly recommend Chris and his team for any landscaping needs.
5	This company is great! Even though it took them a little while to get back to me, they were able to come by on short notice for a sprikler fix. The guy on the phone was so kind and told me exactly who to expect. The gentleman who showed up was very helpful and was able to explain exactly what was wrong. If I have another problem I will be sure to call them again!
5	What an awesome experience! My tree blew over and I needed it fixed ASAP. I was debating on removing the tree and having another one put in altogether. My HOA requires two trees even through the yards are super small. Not only did Mike re stake the tree, but he looked the HOA guidelines that I gave him and gave me advice on which tree would do well in such a confined space. Very professional and great to work with.  Thanks again Mike you really helped me out! !!!
5	Mauri Landscaping is wonderful and I would absolutely recommend their services.  My husband and I got married in March and before the wedding we wanted to spruce up and finish the landscaping in our backyard.  I requested an estimate and Chris came out the same week to take a look.  He had some great ideas and was so easy to work with.  He booked the job right away to make sure everything was done before the wedding.  The crew was punctual, friendly, and extremely hardworking.  They finished on time and the backyard looked amazing.  The night following the job was extremely windy and one of the new trees fell over.  I called the next morning and they came right over to fix it.  The following week Chris came over to review the work.  He found a few minor items to fix and the crew came over and took care of everything.  Overall the price was good, the work was excellent, and the customer service was awesome.  I would definitely use Mauri Landscaping in the future.
5	This review is long overdue, but the last two years have given me time to appreciate how well the Mauri Landscapes design has held up.  Every month it seems like something new is blooming.  I told Chris Mauri that I wanted color and he listened!  What has absolutely blown me away, though, is how great the lighting design turned out!  We get lots of compliments from the neighbors.I feel that all the work was done at a very reasonable price.  I continue to use this company for semi-annual maintenance.Chris Mauri, his family, and everyone he employs are the nicest people imaginable.  They are a joy to work with.
5	I moved into a home with a completely dead front lawn, so part of my welcome package included a friendly note from my HOA to get back in compliance.  And stat.After speaking with a few landscaping companies, we went with Mauri because we liked that they were a family business, and because they seemed to have good reviews.  So we booked our landscaping appointment for their first possible opening, about 3 weeks out.So how did it turn out?  I'm really glad we chose Mauri, and I'd definitely go with them again.  While they might not execute perfectly the first time, what IS fantastic is that they are willing to make things right.  Day of the landscaping, a crew of 5-6 came in and got to work.  Everyone seemed nice and friendly, and work proceeded.  There were a few hiccups -- the wrong plant got taken out and a few trees weren't planted evenly, but they fixed most things we noticed.  That said, things felt a bit rushed and we weren't 100% sure about what we ended up with.  "At least I don't have the ugliest lawn on the street," I thought, and left it at that.Then the one month followup came up and Chris came back to chat with us.  At first we weren't going to say anything because things mostly seemed to work, but we decided since we weren't 100% happy that we WOULD tell him.  And it was then that I really felt good about our decision to go with Mauri.  I was impressed that Chris listened to our concerns, and didn't make any excuses at all.  Instead we went through everything that could be improved, and he scheduled someone to come back out that same week to fix everything.  Our bushes were replanted so they would be straight, and an ailing plant got replaced with a healthier version.  The leaking hoses were fixed, and they even let us add a few extra plants at no extra labour cost. We also took this opportunity to add a contrasting rock to fill out our yard.So now instead of just being relieved not to have a dead lawn, I feel a little happier ever time I walk by our front yard.  I'm really glad we spoke up, and I'm really glad they listened and fixed everything.  Thanks Mauri!
