3	Amongst the plethora of downtown restaurants that make heaps of promises to be 'the' destination for after-work eats and drinks, Vertigo is a relative newcomer. Sassed out in a spanking-new tower on the corner of University and Cathcart, complete with a mix of modern steel, aluminium and natural wood (not to mention the central spiral staircase that ascends to the clouds, er, the second floor), Vertigo claims that its steak and other eats are from 'selected' ingredients, holding at least the promise of a decent nosh. Well, decent is as far as I'd take it. Had the Steak+frites off the lunch menu, while my dining companion had the lobster salad. The steak was cooked correctly (medium-rare, pink on the inside, but hot) but the chef decided to drown the meat in salt. So, all I could taste was the salt and not much else. I understand in this day and age it's difficult to get your hands on grain-fed beef (not really), and so the meat has little taste, but really? Salt? Not much imagination there. The fries were okay, but just that. My companion's salad was bland, despite the fact that it had lobster and the croutons were tasteless. Overall, a nice vibe and a good premise - not to mention a fabulous lcoation - but the chef needs to step it up if they want to get people to keep coming back.
1	This restaurant looks fabulous. The decor is quite nice, not to mention the overall ambiance. The food, at least when I was there with my partner, was pretty good. So these two items together would ordinarily receive at least a three star rating from me.The primary reason it won't is due to the atrocious service, and if I could render a negative star rating, this would be it. When we first arrived, the hostess seemed flustered (apparently she had misplaced something). While this is not an issue for me, the frown, accompanied by scratching her armpits in front of customers (me included) is a bit disgusting (I don't care how hot she thinks she is). Our server seemed pleasant at first, but she seemed to be having the most difficult time serving the two tables she had (one of them being ours of course). While the other table had three people, and two at mine, having done food service before, this shouldn't be an issue. But our server only showed up twice after we placed our order: once to see if our meals were okay, and to present our check. The rest of the time, she was engaged in what seemed to be an epic conversation about something not concerning work. Our server didn't even both either asking if we wanted waters, and routinely failed to refill anything. Now I'm not sure if it's policy at this place to have bussers refill your drinks, but when they have been asked to request the server several times, and the server has not shown up AT ALL, I think there are larger problems at stake than the steak at this place (pun intended). Our busser finally got appalled enough to ask us if we'd like our waters refilled at least. While the service time for courses was long, it was terribly excruciating to be waiting on our server. After finishing our main courses, we were going to order desserts, however, after again requesting our server to place the order (and her not showing up, per the usual), the busser again refilled our water (non-revenue generating drink) and brought us our dessert menu. After twenty minutes, our server showed up, but only to seat a few people next to our table. This is when we decided that the service was atrocious and no dessert was worth this amount of consumer negligence. After paying our bill, the server came to our table, and asked why we hadn't tipped her more, and she said that any service issues we had was the result of the kitchen staff. We informed her that we'd like to reserve our opinion on the service, at which point, she began to literally yell across our table at us, while also facing the table next to us (while I normally tip 15% or more, this server has no service standard, heck, it's subpar). And when you create a public forum out of an issue where you're not able to accept personal responsibility (in this case, our server being unable to see how inappropriate she was, while blaming everyone else), I think I'll reconsider either going back or recommending this place to anyone. If this place does stay in business, I hope they improve their service standards and hopefully replace that particular server. Perhaps then I can consider this place again.
4	$$$$$ = Environment + Foods + Price Customers   They have good meals and the atmosphere is enjoyable.  Classy stuff lolDrinks are good as well ;)
4	Excellent service and great atmosphere. Food was very good but not necessarily the best steak place I have been too. Still extremely good. I would definitely go back when I visit Montreal again.
4	Very nice interior, good service, and tasty food. Quite a strong entry into the Montreal dining scene!
3	While staying at the Queen Elizabeth last week, concierge recommended this place to us. It was waking distance from our hotel and seemed to have a good vibe upon entering. A fabulous hostess seated us upstairs near the open kitchen area. We asked the waiter for food recommendations and while none of us were eating red meat at the time and made that clear, he continued to say that it was a steakhouse and that was the only thing worth on the menu. It was disconcerting that he couldn't be positive about the Lobster Grilled Cheese or fried chicken sandwich. We then opted to just get a few appetizers, which were good. The fried cheese balls were delicious. We shared a fried chicken sandwich which was outstanding. It was delicious and came with slaw and shoestrings fries. Highly recommend this dish if you go and don't want steak. Also, the quinoa chicken salad was huge and delicious. A great plate to share.
