2	I am not unhappy with the manager or the people that work at this facility but mainly the corporate office.  They advertise 79.88 per axle but I would be very surprised if that would be the actual cost to anyone.  I did have both axles done and instead of the cost being around $160.00 before taxes my total cost was over  $300.00.  "hardware"  you know those 4 little clips that help to hold the pads on were over $42.00 alone.  So, a brake job I was expecting to be about 170.00 was 315 and change?  I've found that many of the chain type business's try and sell you so much more than what you really want.  Next time I'll go to marinos on Thunderbird and the 101 I've been there a few times and they did what was needed and no more and at a good price.
1	Took my wife's car to this location because it was convienently located close to my home. WHAT A MISTAKE. My wife told me she was starting to hear a squeal coming from the rear brakes. I indicated this to the manager. He said it probably was due for a brake job. He told me they would  do a complete brake inspection. At the point of inspection he said we would need to rebuild the calipers in the rear, forget about the front brakes which were still at 50%, and just concentrate on the rear brakes. the bill went from 180.00 for a complete brake job to 450.00 just for a rear brake job with a caliper rebuild. I agreed to the price. But  the brakes were less effective after the  brake job was done( than prior to "repair"). After taking the car back to them 4 separate times they could not effectively repair the vehicle. The brake pedal has to be pressed half way down to get the car to stop(much farther pedal travel than before job was done). So after paying 450.00 dollars  due rear brakes and caliper rebuild this is what we are left with. I took the car to another shop and they felt that the brakes were "spongy". I did not advise  them that I  just had the brakes done until  after the road test , but when I did tell them I was still having concerns about the brake job they immediately guessed who had done the work. The manager, Jeff at Just Brakes never did a road test prior to repair in order to compare the results of the brake job and said the brakes were substantially better and basically said there was no way they were "worse" than before. I will avoid this shop and take my business to a reputable car repair facility. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED....HOLD ON TO YOUR WALLET. I put one star because that is the minimum required....otherwise they would get zero stars
5	Ask for John, single ladies.. He explains things well for women and takes care of things no matter what! Also they are honest in telling you whether you need brakes or not...Very refreshing today! My young niece came from CA ready to get brakes because she had been told by 2 places in CA she needed them. However they explained to her not only were her brakes fine, but in the state of CA it is illegal for a place to let you leave without fixing if your brakes are that bad.
1	Went in for a brake change and an hour later I received a phone call stating I needed $650 worth of work done on everything from the calipers, to break fluid, hardware...you name it. I'm not apposed to paying for things I need, but these guys have that terrible used car salesman approach. They make it sound like your car is falling apart just to make their numbers. I'm sure it costs them a pretty penny to carry the Just Brakes name and in the end they'll end up loosing their rights to the name due to customer service. Because the name just gets them in the door...The personal service and how you are treated and communicate with your customers is what keeps you in business. Couldn't take them serious on what I ACTUALLY needed...Cars need a lot of things, and sometimes that does include extensive repairs, but my car is a 2007 that has been maintained per the dealership recommendation from day one. After speaking with the third person at this location, I decided to move on. The great thing is that I found a much better shop using reviews on Yelp, a locally owned location yet very clean an modern by design. Took it in the same day and the customer service alone was 100 times better. They told me that nothing seemed like it was in urgent need of repairs, but even if they had found something the customer service alone was enough for me to trust them. Very straight forward and treated you like a person. I asked them to do a brake flush since I was already there and they were able to get it done and have me on my way much faster than expected. Plus the prices were more reasonable and now I have a new trusted adviser. PS - this is only my 2nd negative review online in my life..Easy going guy that felt strongly about my experience
1	I suggest finding some1 you know to work on your car and/or brakes. The $99 special for all 4 sides is just a scam to bring you in so they can tell you that additional parts need to be replaced. After I told them that I did not want any additional parts replaced and that I only want the brake pads  they told me that they do not want to do it because replacing only brake pads is a safety hazard.  My whole point is that the $99 special is just so they can lure ppl in to make them spend more money. U will never get the $99 special unless u invest @ least 500-600 dollars.
5	Great place. Took my car in on Saturday for an oil change they told me i needed some front brakes and got me a good price. I even called around after I left just to make sure i got a good deal and its true what the manager told me that they beet everyone. THANK YOU!
5	I brought my truck in here for brakes and rotors. It turned into a challenge, but these guys worked overtime, fixed it right, and went negative to make sure it was fixed. Very professional, I highly recommend these guys. I don't say this lightly, but I am IMPRESSED!!! I will be back.
4	Took my Suburban in a couple weeks ago for routine maintenance.  Discovered I had bad outer tie rods.  Replaced them and aligned the front end.  Excellent work.  Took my Corvette in today for an alignment.  Again, excellent service and very professional staff.    I highly recommend them.
5	I love coming here. I bring my Dodge Dart in for regular oil changes and when I first walk in they are so warm welcoming. They always have a great deal especially displayed outside visible for people to see. As well as they honor Military discount which is actually really helpful. I never feel like I am being scammed or pressured into anything. I feel comfortable with leaving my car in their care. All the matinance men are very professional and will explain everything to where you can actually understand what is going on with it.
