5	Yvonne at Enlighten Salon gave me my first first perm in over 15 years!! Shhh, don't tell because I recieved so many compliments that were as follows, "You should quit straightening your hair, it looks beautiful natural!" AWESOME!!!!
4	I discovered Enlighten Studio through one of the Groupon-type deals/offers and I was seen by Erin for my full leg wax. Erin was sweet and professional, and believe it or not, it was a relaxing hour and a half. Erin and I went back and forth between our own chats and listening to the conversations of those outside the room getting their hair done. Turns out the staff at Enlighten Studio will be doing some community service and giving back to the community on Mother's Day - at the non profit where my office is located! While I will most likely continue treatments at another salon once my deals are redeemed, I really like the idea of frequenting a local small business that chooses to share their talents with those who do not have the luxury of paying for professional beauty and self-care services. And because of that, I'll have to occasionally visit Enlighten Studio.I've already re-booked with Erin, mainly b/c the deal/offer came with two additional side deals for future visits.... but also b/c of their charitable efforts! Lastly, I'm fairly generous with my ratings, but only gave four stars b/c the wax was stubborn and took several attempts by Erin to remove - it wasn't painful and certainly not Erin's fault! It just took a little while longer than she and I had originally anticipated.
5	Another great experience at Enlighten Studio yesterday! Had an appointment with Yvette for a 1/2 leg wax. Yvette was very personable, professional, and quick.
5	I love this place! The staff is friendly and knowledgable and do a great job.  The salon is clean and has a classic feel to it.  Location has great parking.
5	This is one of my favorite places to go for me time!  Enlighten never disappoints you and you will always feel like a million bucks when you leave!  My son refuses to get his hair cut anywhere else!  ;-)
5	I have a real sensitive scalp and have left other salons with my scalp feeling as if it was on fire. Yvonne at Enlighten Studio makes sure my scalp is rinsed really well and takes the time other salons haven't in the past to assure things are done right!
5	Yvonne and the crew areAwesome! Personalized service and they do a great job. Yvonne really knows her stuff and is very talented.
5	Best cut and color I have had in the 10 years living in Phoenix.  I drove from San tan valley (1hour) just to have Yvonne and Leah do my hair.  I am never going anywhere else again!
5	I've always had trouble figuring out my hair, especially since I stopped coloring. I'm mostly gray, so my hair has frizz issues and feels dry. Yvonne has an excellent intake form- she covers everything from your general lifestyle to exactly what you like and don't like about your hair. Then she sits and talks to you so she knows a little more about you. It helps her figure out a hair style that works for how you live. She also gave me many tips about taking care of gray hair and making it look and feel amazing. It was a great experience, and she has gained a new client because of how personal her service is.
5	What a delightful experience! Yvonne was so knowledgeable and willing to take the time to explain information about my desires for hair color. Such an expert in her field! She's 100% real - no pretense here! Prices for services are below what you'd expect to pay in Scottsdale. I'm very impressed and pleased with my color and cut! Great appointment and I've got my next appointment booked!I found Enlighten Salon through Instant Barter.  Thanks Yvonne!
5	Leah did a great job. She took time to figure out what I was looking for and also gave me tips on how to take care of my fair in this dry heat since I just moved here.
5	Enlighten Studios is awesome. Yvonne always has a positive attitude and does a fantastic job.  I don't get anything fancy but she always takes time to style it and teach me as well. Would recommend 100%.
