5	I don't know why, but around my house, none of the oral surgeons had any reviews- let alone good ones. That being said- I think these guys are wizards. No joke. I went here on a recommendation from Dentist Carr, who was pretty professional. Carr had said that my nerves were too close to my wisdom teeth for his level of comfort as far as removal- and sent me to Engel. I really, really wanted to be unimpressed. The office is very Hawaiian flavored, and if you go there, you will know what I mean. There are fish in the waiting room, and in the offices were the work is done, there are little palm trees with Maui flavored tissue boxes. I went there without an appointment, so I was expecting to wait a while, and I did. Engel is apparently both an oral surgeon and an MD, and I don't know if that is super common, but if you are really freaked out about the prospect of oral surgery, that may be a huge plus to you. He looked at my x-rays, said that it wouldn't be a big deal to get the teeth out, and took them out that same day. Was there waiting involved? Oh, yes, quite a lot actually. But I was a walk-in and the waiting room was packed. Being seen and getting surgery that same day was great. That being said, if I would have an appointment with them, I would have been very annoyed and have fewer stars. Maybe just three. Anyway, teeth are out. It didn't take him nearly as long as I expected- probably two minutes on one tooth, and maybe about 4 on the other (which had some complications- he had to remove a chunk of the bone around it to get it out). I know that neither of the songs I had been listening to were finished by the time he was done. One of the best parts was the pricing. I had this done under local anesthetic, which one of the dentists I had seen said was ill-advised and absolutely refused to do it. I didn't have insurance because of issues with my dad and his insurance company. So, I paid for the procedure myself, with no help from insurance. Two partially erupted wisdom teeth out- 577 without insurance. He said he could take out my top teeth, which are still completely covered by the gum line, for 654. These numbers are because apparently my wisdom teeth weren't as bad as three dentists led me to believe- so your milage may vary. Why are they wizards? They called to ask how I was doing about ten minutes after I had puked from the medication. I really wish that the lady I talked to would have talked to my boyfriend to get him to calm down about it.
5	Looking around for a reputable dental surgeon to pull my wisdom teeth was difficult for me, there were just so many to choose from, and I wasn't sure who to trust. I went to Dr. Engel on a whim, seeing that he had an MD and a dental degree.I had the surgery and consultation on the same day. Staff was friendly, but not overly forced and chipper if you know what I mean. I waited probably 10-20 minutes total (in waiting room and in the chair).I barely had enough money for the procedure, but the Val, the billing specialist, worked out a super special day that I will never forget! The actual procedure just felt like it took 1-2 minutes with N2O (orange flavor) and lidocaine., and it was pain free!They even called in the next day to check up on me.Not sure why there aren't more reviews for him, they are so awesome and accommodating.Thanks again EVOS!5/5 Would let him operate on my teeth any day.
5	Very friendly staff. They are very professional and don't mind answer all your questions. I was really nervous about my surgery and I had a lot if questions they were really nice about answering all my questions and calming me down before my surgery. They office is extremely clean and is decorated in a nice calm Hawaiian theme.
5	I would add more stars if I could. Dr engle and staff were seriously amazing. I had my wisdom teeth taken out on Friday and they went through all my options and costs very thoroughly. I ended up getting a dry socket (which is probably the worst pain I've ever had in my life) and dr. Engle came in on a Sunday afternoon to help relieve the pain. Again it started really really hurting and he had me come in before they opened and helped relieve my pain. I am soooo thankful that I never have to go through this again, but if I did, I would come back here. Thank you doctor.
5	I had my wisdom teeth taken out here a couple of years ago and had great experience. So when my orthodontist asked me to install TADs to help closing space, I called them right away. Dr Engle is very professional. He looked at the request from the orthodontist and told me that he thought drilling six holes around multiple teeth root in addition to the TADs might be two aggressive and might cause potential damage to the roots.  He suggest me to take time working with TADs and decide later whether the holes are really needed. Some of the doctors will ask you to do unnecessary procedures  because they can make more money but Dr Engle is definitely not. I feel he cares about his patients and does what's the best for you. They also took one x-ray after the procedure to make sure the TADs is placed at the right place between my tight teeth. Very good experience and I would definitely recommend Dr Engle to everyone.
