3	FINALLY, I sample the notorious Fatburger, which we don't have up in the Bay Area.  And my reaction was--OK.Yes, the burger was Fat.  The fries were also Fat, but that's the way I picked them, and I did like them.  Simple, potatoey, and no weird coating on the outside like some competitors' fries.I guess if you desperately need a fast food burger and you're in the gravitational pull of a Fatburger, you could do worse.  I prefer it to Fuddruckers and might even take it over In-n-Out, but Jeffrey's and Val's in the Bay Area are far better burgers to my taste.This particular Fatburger seems to be brand new and part of a sprawling outdoor mall here on the edge of the desert north of Scottsdale.  It won't be the edge of the desert for long, of course, since Great Phoenix seems to grow like creepy fingers of killer space fungus in a Sci-Fi movie of some kind.  By this time next year it will be 20 miles in from the northern edge of Greater Phoenix, and the locals will see it as a quaint relic of bygone times in an aging layer of this megalopolis.
2	Eh.  This is the second Fatburger I have been to, as I usually like to give mediocre a second try in case it was a fluke.  Nope, sorry Fatburger- you are just bland.  The burger was lacking excitement.  Bland was the theme of the day here.  The prices were way out of line for the end product.  Oh well.
4	Was it the best ever? Maybe not but we were hungry and everything was extremely hot and fresh. I could barely finish my burger. It was also nice to eat outside near the fountain at night and bring our dog out. So will definitely be back. Not too often though. It is fast food! They lost one star for service mainly because of lack of English knowledge by counter person. Not friendly either.
3	I finally made it out to Fatburger after years of listening to Ice T - "it was a good day" and its reference (possible endorsement).  I took my 4 year old son with me.  I got a Fatburger, fries and diet coke (I wanted to cut some calories - ha ha ha!).  My son got a kids meal that came with a small burger, small fries and small drink.  The food was really tasty, but too filling.  The two of us rolled out of the place.  I am not a light weight either.  It is decent fast food, a cut or two above McD's, BK, Arby's, etc.No ambiance, but good eatin'The food is greasy and has enough calories to last you for the day.I fun place to eat with the real feel an LA fast food joint.Don't miss.
4	Ate here a couple of weeks ago.  I had the Med burger meal with skinny fries and the works minus cheese on my burger.Awesome hamburger!  Awesome Lemonade!  Good service and clean tables& floors. A tad pricey but worth it.
4	I have eaten at fatburger several times and found the burger tasty and a decent price.  The have 3 kinds of french fries, steak, thin and curly and now that I think about maybe regular!  They serve quick even though they are usualy crowded.  You can go from a third pound all the way to a 24 ounce burger, now thats a hamburger.  If you try it you will not be disappointed.  "The Truth"  Ciau!
3	Been here a couple of times now - like that you can really customize your burger and the fries or onion rings that go with it.  Also enjoy sitting outside by the fountain or fireplace and that I can take the dog !  But it is a little bit pricey for a burger, so usually only go when I have have a groupon/deal chicken - but it is a good pit stop before a movie.  Don't ask too many questions though as english is a struggle for the cook especially.
4	It's no secret....I love Pizza & Burgers.  Fatburger is one of my favorite Burger joints.  When I found this location, I was ecstatic.  I ordered a Fatburger w/Cheese combo w/Skinny Fries.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/xWMZJd0_Azfcx3VWJCxNng?select=4_UEKgyVSElmZoYUkqg2XAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/xWMZJd0_Azfcx3VWJCxNng?select=CvyTY9R0VhkQfybbqfnoPgThe Burger was fresh & tasty as usual....yum!  If you've never been to Fatburger before, be prepared to wait for your food....it always takes a while for them to make your Burger, because they make it fresh, to order.  It's worth the wait though.Return Factor - 91%
2	I really like to give locally owned businesses the thumbs up, but I cant here.  This family had their kids working here - none older than 9 or 10.  I'm glad they are letting them help and teaching them work ethic, but my burger looked and tasted like a kid put it together.  The place was dirty and poorly kept.  BUT!!!  There is potential here - All it needs is a little adult supervision.
3	Good burger, nice amount of toppings and great location.They accommodate gluten free pretty well too!I have been to many of their locations in LA and I always love it.100% real beef burger is what you get.
1	I do not think I will eat another Fatburger ever again.  I even used a Groupon (that's the star) and I could not stomach the food.  I'm not sure entirely what was going on here.  I've been to a Fatburger before and this very location in the past and it seems to be getting worse and worse each time.  The jumbo ketchup pump was empty, the soda station was a disaster, there was only one other guy in there, I think there should have been someone out tidying up.  The place looked like a mess- so that turned me off instantly.  The food was not good.  My burger was a giant sloppy mess thrown all together.  How  can a burger be done so wrong?  Why does this place looked like it just got looted?  Why is there a broom on the table next to me and why does my burger taste like a greasy mound of crap?
1	CLOSED.  It needed to close, this one was bad. YUCK.  There is a SMASHBURGER there now, I think.
