3	Eating an Armand's fish sandwich has become my white whale, but like ahab I'm cursed with misfortune.  Everytime I've tried to go they are closed.  You would think a restaurant at the back of bar would be open at 7.30pm.  Hah you'd be mistaken..One of these days Armand's.  I will taste your fish sandwich.  One of these days.  I swear.
3	Armand's is usually dirty. It is smoky, and filthy. The ladies bathroom embodies everything I hate in a bathroom - the toilet is too close to the wall, the sink has those push-button knobs, there is an air-hand dryer, and the door opens the wrong way. The patrons are occasionally rowdy, sometimes hostile. I have (more than once) gotten into a fight there with straight people about how gay I am. In all fairness, it may not be totally necessary to discuss lesbian oral sex techniques loudly over your 4th pitcher of beer for the night, except when it *totally is.* Regardless, this is a typical Pittsburgh Y*nzer filthy bar, a stand-in for those of us who miss Dukes, cheaper than dirt, staffed by wild rogues with hearts of gold, and maintaining totally erratic hours. No, I have never eaten their fish sandwich. I don't eat animal flesh, so I can't tell you if it's as good as they claim.
4	Love the fish sandwiches, they are all they are cracked up to be.  If you want lunch - try a sandwich here - but order ahead for pick up, or be prepared to wait 30 minutes or more in a shady looking bar.  The bar is very smoky, although it is also stocked with a soda machine if you get thirsty waiting for your sandwich to be made.   Although for a fish sandwich and fries you'll probably drop about $10, I think its definitely worth it.
3	Right in the heart of Bloomfield you'll find Armand's: The Home of some Giant Monster Fish Sandwich... While I can't say anything about the fish sandwich, this is the home of some of the cheapest PBR pounder 6 packs ever.The bar itself is small, and would be considered a cozy-dive bar if the patrons weren't smoking like chimneys. If there was ever one thing that will lead me to never frequent a bar again it's the smoke. I've left here after 5 minutes of buying pounders to go home with and smelled so badly that I had to change my clothes...
1	I walked in to try the fish sandwich that I have heard so much about but decided not to stay. The smell of smoke is over powering.  If your not a chain smoker, opt for takeout.
3	Thanks to the 'pretend we're Irish and drink til we puke' parade, a basketball tournament AND a visit by the Vice President, my blind friend and I sat in her handicap Access Van for almost an hour in the Strip District not moving an INCH as traffic was absolutely BLOCKED from all directions, apparently from the time the VP landed at the airport until he LEFT for the airport, cutting off our plans to attend the theater at the proverbial knees. Thank goodness for cell phones, we were able to change our theater tickets to the following weekend, and had our van driver turn around and get us the hell out of the mess. But now that we had the day planned and thwarted by the city that can't think fully, what were we going to do?  We asked the driver to drop us off in Bloomfield, and we would have lunch there...but where?  Tessaro's was OUT (see my review for Tessaro's) and so many things had come and gone since I've been to Bloomfield that we weren't sure what would be there.  Pleasure Bar was out, after redneck hillbillies with guns started bashing 'fags', and Pleasure Bar didn't seem too concerned about it. AHA!  I've heard so much about it, and never actually went in and tried it...so voila, the plan was hatched...Armand's for a fish sandwich!I had just thought about a 'fish fry' type sandwich the night before, knowing that St. Raphael's down the street was holding their Lent fish fry...but I have a problem handing money over to a Catholic fundraiser anything, and frankly, their spaghetti dinner for a army officer's fundraiser was a little on the Chef-Boy-Ar-Dee side.Walking into Armand's was a little bit of a shock.  I did NOT expect it to be an absolute dive bar, and at 1:30 in the afternoon, it was pretty much full of dive bar regulars.  My second surprise was that they also allowed smoking, which I am not for or against, being a smoker, but the air was a deep stale rank dive bar smoke filled atmosphere.  We started to sit in the bar area, and then I noticed some Burger King type booths in a back room, and asked the bar tender how we ordered the fish? He directed us to the back room, and said that we'd have to order there.We made our way to the back room, and there we found a little ordering window, with a minimal menu.  Fish sandwiches, large and small, shrimp baskets, large and small, burger, a few toppings that were extra (cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles) and a few sides (fries, zucchini planks, cheese sticks, cole slaw, etc.) and that was about it.  Sodas were $1, and came from a machine in the room.We ordered one large, and one small fish sandwich, fries, and zucchini planks, and I bought two cans of soda from the machine.  We did have to wait a little while for the food, but we learned why, and it was absolutely fine.  A woman from the bar came back and asked if the lady in the kitchen had 'forgotten' her fish.  The lady responded "No, I didn't forget it, I have a bunch of orders, and I have to cut it, bread it, clean the grease, and cook it!  I'll bring it out to you as soon as it's done!"This one woman was doing it ALL, and she was doing it from scratch.  When she got the other woman's fish on a plate and started walking it out, she paused by our table and said that she'd have ours in just a minute.  She then explained the woman asking if she'd forgotten again, and the whole process, and said "She ain't at McDonald's!  This is the best fish sandwich in town for a reason!  People can be a real F$%king pain in my A$$!"  And I thought - atta girl - I'm at home!  This is going to be great!She brought out our plates.  Ilene's 'small' was rather large, and my large was basically the same 'size' but with a double helping of fish. The fries were decent, and the zucchini really looked like she had taken one medium sized zucchini, rammed it through a slicer lengthwise, battered it, and fried it up. They were HUGE strips, all from the same zucchini.  The food was good.  I'm not going to say 'best' fish sandwich. But it was huge, tasty, and the sides were good.  I will say that Frankie's fish sandwich at Cattivo is more complete, and a little more flavorful, but not nearly as big...and it's pretty big.  So so far, Cattivo still wins, but Armand's comes in second.  Both places are bars, and both allow smoking, but Cattivo is bigger and airier (which can dissipate the smoke concentration), and sandwich has a bit more 'flair' to make it tastier.  Prices at Armand's are average. $8 something for the small and $10 something for the large, but all toppings are ala carte.Don't dismiss the sandwich though for the dive bar atmosphere.  It IS a sought after years old tradition - and apparently consistent.  If you're hankering for a good jumbo sized fish sandwich, no frills, like the corner dive bar used to serve up all over town - well kids, this one still does it the way it's supposed to be done.  Check them out.
1	The bar reeks of smoke and the bar table feels sticky. You'll definitely feel like you're in the deepest hole in the way. The only good thing is that the drinks are cheap. But I really wouldn't recommend going there.
5	Let me preface this review by saying that I love dive bars. I'm not talking about trendy hipster bars that aspire to be dive-esque, although those have their place and I'm not knocking them. But when I find that sweet spot of a total and absolute dive that I don't actually fear for my safety in, I am super-happy.Walk into Armand's Bar anytime of day or night and it is full of cigarette smoke and regulars who are half in the bag. The drinks are absurdly cheap and the pour wondrously stiff. The people who drink there are friendly and when I've gone there with my husband we've been just left alone to drink and relax and when I've gone there with female friends old guys sometimes talk to us in a totally jovial/friendly/non-threatening way, but I've never had a problem just having my own space.The bartenders are so sweet and as I said, very generous with their pours.Seriously, I love Armand's Bar. First discovered it because I wanted to try the fish sandwich they brag about and it is DELICIOUS! I crave it every time I know I'm going back to da 'burgh. I seriously think this is the best fish sandwich in the city, and that is saying something in a place where many restaurants do a great fish sandwich.So, this is five stars for a *dive bar* because if you want the *dive bar* experience, this is it, and it's awesome. Obviously this is not a place to go get a great Sazerac (er, or any Sazerac), and yes, the bathroom's kind of iffy, but if you just want a place that is totally chill and downtempo where you can drink with friends, it's a great spot.
5	The fish sandwich alone is why I give this place 5 stars. It was one if a kind and worth the money. I bought the large fish sandwich and it had 2 and a half huge filets of a white fish over powering the large circular bun. She wouldn't say what fish it is but I didn't even care. Food is served from 11am-5pm Monday through Friday. The bar is "smoker friendly" and I'm not a smoker so I can't judge a smokers bar.. The older lady that made the sandwich for me has been making the same sandwich for over 40 years. That alone should make you try this sandwich.
4	This review is only for the fish sandwich.  This sandwich is well worth navigating the odd hours (see photos).  Two (yes, two) flaky, buttery whitefish fillets generously coated in a cornmeal-based batter and fried to golden, crispy perfection.  The sandwich barely qualifies as such, as it wears its bun like a hat.  I would note that tartar sauce if pretty much obligatory since the fish, while firm and flavorful, is naturally a bit dry.  I would recommend two people and an allotted half-hour naptime to conquer the large.   I imagine the small might be more manageable for a single hungry soul.
1	Yes, the fish was good. However, the restaurant was dirty, the bathroom smelled so awful that I could not go in it. The waitress was RUDE, CRUDE, and downright  OBNOXIOUS!!!!  Was the fish good enough for me to ever go back - NEVER!!!!!!!!
5	Armands is the most chill dive bar in Bloomfield. Come to Armands to sit and have drinks. Talk to the regulars. Talk to the bartenders. Or not, nobody gives a shit. Joe, Gail and Steve are all friendly and never put a wall of service or distance between them and their customers. The drinks are not the cheapest in Bloomfield. Pollocks or Lue's are cheaper but less expensive than the hipster haven Sonny's... if not in the price than at least in the pour. Expect reasonably well behaved alcoholics. The crowd gets younger as the day gets older. The fish sandwich is amazing. The bathrooms are sketchy with the benefit of respectful patrons. (Pretty clean.) The ability to sit and have a drink is unparalleled. Bam! Armands!
5	Don't come here if you're a hater. The bar sucks for your kind. If you don't tip well, go to another dive bar. If you enjoy chatting with friendly Pittsburgh folk of all walks of life, you've found your place. Feel free to show up from noon to 4pm when the fish sandwiches are made, I've never had one cause cheese costs $1 for a single slice, same with tomatoes, lettuce, and onions. But since I don't remember eating a sandwich I can't say they're bad.
4	Sandwich lives up to the hype! The cornmeal breading is phenomenal and it isn't greasy like some others.As of 07/2014 food service stops at 7 PM on Friday. The sign looks like the one pictured but with a giant black 7 over the kitchen closing hour for Friday so I'd guess all the other hours are the same (I didn't take a very good look as I was focused on the deliciousness before me).
