3	Not my first choice.  If you are waiting for a flight in this part of the D concourse and you've got the Puck or Chili's and you just want breakfast. . . well, no wonder I stood in line here.  I don't see breakfast pizza at a ton of places.  Breakfast pizza makes me think of  Boston, where I first had the experience of pizza dough, beaten egg, and breakfast-y type toppings.  It isn't a bad concept.  I opted for the sausage breakfast pizza, especially since the other pizzas (pepperoni, four cheese) were $2.00 more and not in my palate at that time of the morning.  They do a good job balancing the egg and the cheese here, plus throw on some juicy baby tomato slices to counteract the sausage.The poor staff at Wolfgang Puck Cafe were absolutely slammed, so props to them for managing the crowds and cranking out the pizza.  Still, they could barely keep up with stocking napkins and wiping the tables down was not part of the package.I doubt that I'd eat here again. . . unless I'm caught between them and that other chain.
3	After an all night drinking escapade and only getting a few hours of sleep, I was forced to be at the airport before noon to catch my flight back home.  I needed something to absorb anything stale that was still sitting in my belly.  Props to these guys for having multi-grain bagel breakfast sandwiches that I could munch on.  Not the tastiest breakfast because I found the bagel to be too thick and bready but it did ok in a pinch.
5	I am a former employee for D-Gates WolfGang Puck Express. This place has the BEST Chicken Cesar Salad and Chinios Salad - Better to have it Hand Tossed to ensure Freshness. The hand tossed pizza's are of course delicious! The Four Cheese Pizza was my favorite out of all, of course the menu has changed since I was last there. But the zesty pesto sauce, with tomatoes and FOUR types of cheeses on a 9in. pizza. It is really an excellent place to eat for the airport - you can go to pizza hut and spend $6+ on a single size serving but wouldn't you rather spend $9.99 on a 9in. 12 slice pizza to share?... Sandwiches were always one of my favorites - particularly the Pesto Chicken Sandwich... I mean, theres nothing much to explain you would really have to try it yourself to see what I am talking about.. They Also do Free Sampling, so if you are unsure of what to choose of the Chef Designed Menu, feel free to ask for a sample and the Cashier or cook will be more than happy to assist you. If your flight is delayed or you just have a few hours to kill, there is also a full service bar for the adults - Bartenders are there to give you one last laugh while in Las Vegas, and again - prices are Wolfgang Puck really are not expensive at all especially for the Airport. They are the same prices as the actual restaurant. Cooks take pride in what they do, and the outcome of each dish - I only know this because I did. Seeing the excitement and satisfaction on each guests face as they opened their package to check their order for accuracy would make my shift so much better. I cant speak for how the employees are now, but I do know on what it was and what it should be - and you should expect nothing but 100% THE BEST CUSTOMER SERVICE IN LAS VEGAS! Be sure to check this place out! Trust me YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT! MY RECOMMENDATIONS: -Four Cheese Pizza-Chicken Cesar Salad or Chinios Salad-Chicken Pesto Sandwhich
5	I used to work here and eat at the back at the same during work! lol SMOKED SALMON PIZZA is this place all about! Most fun work time w/ Shayna marie gano Vergara, Donald Mysz and bestest Manager Cheryl Vergara!
2	Wolfgang Puck Express is one of the few dining options in the D gates at McCarran that sounds remotely appetizing. But, if you decide to dine there or get food to go be prepared to wait. My pizza took about 15 minutes and when it gets really busy don't be surprised if your wait is longer. It's also common to see confrontations between staff and customers. During my last visit I saw two different customers lose their cool because they didn't get their pizza sooner. So, if you're in a hurry dine elsewhere. The food itself was disappointing. The crust on my pepperoni and mushroom pizza was limp and the toppings slid right off after picking up the first slice. Maybe I should have waited for it to cool down and for the cheese to congeal before eating. What was worse was seeing the huge pool of grease in the center of the pizza. I needed about five napkins to soak it all up. I've had decent food from this particular WP Express before, so I won't rule out a return visit. But, this last experience was a fail.
5	We had time before our flight so I decided to get a pizza.  I wasn't expecting much from a restaurant that has the word "express" in its name. But this was the best farking thin crust pepperoni pizza I have ever tasted. It was piping hot with cheese goo, the right spices in the pepperoni married with a flavorful sauce. I really didn't want to share it with Hubby but we didn't have time to get another. My tummy was happy on the flight to Portland.
3	There's not much to choose from between here, Starbucks, and Chili's To-Go but this place def looks more appetizing, especially if you want to grab something to go.Chicken Caesar Salad: Must Grab! This is so delicious, with what looks to be fresh Parm, crunchy Croutons and thick delicious Caesar Salad dressing. Very Fresh!Butternut Squash Soup: Grab! Very rich and creamy. Mmm!Asian Chicken Salad: Pass! Tasted bland.The staff is always friendly and funny.
3	Kudos to the bar staff at this location.  I have to admit I dined at another restaurant, but needed some alcoholic beverage to bring me from hang over to normal.  Sat at the bar and both bartenders (I have unfortunately forgotten their names) were a hit!  They were so comical and fun, it was like seeing a "Dueling Pianos" but bartender style.  The female of the duo wore glasses and she was a riot!  Very comical.  Snappy come backs but not sarcastic.  That's hard to do.  The pizzas ordered by the folks sitting next to me honestly looked mouth watering.  If back at Las Vegas I'm so here waiting for my flight out.
1	$9.92 for 2 fruit salads that were not fresh, so in the garbage they went. I had to run to catch my flight or else I'd go back and rip the Puckin cashier a new one.
3	On our flight back home, my friend and I decided to grab 1 last meal at the airport since we were didn't manage to eat anything that morning. I ordered the BBQ'd Chicken Pizza and my friend had the Caesar Salad. My pizza had a nice thin crust, juicy chicken and yummy BBQ sauce. I think it might have been a little too oversauced though, because my pizza was quite soggy. It wasn't gross soggy, but I think because of juice of the tomato and the sauce (and it was quite greasy), it turned out to be more soggy than it should have been. It was still quite good though. Loved the cilantro in there too.My friend had the large caesar salad. No biggie, just a caesar salad. I think it was a little bit overdressed, but that wasn't a huge concern.Fast and friendly service. Good value for the food. $11 for a huge pizza is pretty good.3.5/5 stars for me. Would I come back? Probably not. There are so many other places at the McCarran Airport that I would like to try.
5	The siblings and I were bummed out that we didn't get to have Wolfgang Puck's legendary pizzas in Vegas before leaving. But, as soon as we saw this at the airport hungry and with time to kill we knew we just HAD to have it. The lady at the register seemed to be new but the pizza's were out in no time. I got to see them be made and everything. The three of us split a Margherita Pizza and a BBQ Chicken Pizza. They were awesome for being "airport" food.
5	I know that my coworker and I looked like two zombies sitting here at the bar ordering dinner - three days in Vegas for work can do that to you!  So I'm incredibly grateful for the bartender who was completely attentive even when we weren't... waiting for our much desired flight home.  We both ordered pizzas and I got the Spicy Chicken one that was good.  But really it's the service that helped end my trip with ease.  Thank you
4	Great place to get a quick bite to eat between flights.  Problem was I wasn't sure what exactly what I wanted.  I browsed the shelves and looked at the menu.  I wanted a pizza but didn't want to look like a huge pig eating a pizza by myself and I knew I wouldn't be able to take it with me on my flight.I opted for the turkey avocado wrap.  Great mixture of flavors wrapped up in that tortilla.  The avocado was nice and fresh, the bacon was cooked to perfection and I couldn't get enough of the turkey.  I wanted more of it after I finished.  But I restrained.  If I ever stop in this airport again, I'll definitely stop in at this spot again and make sure to sample more.
4	We travel often and sometimes stop in Las Vegas between flights to the East Coast or Midwest. I know there will be a longer leg ahead, so I will pick up food to eat on the plane. The options at this airport are limited to fast food or sit down restaurants, so I decided to pick up a salad and sandwich for our dinner on the flight. Healthier options. I picked the Italian sandwich on Ciabatta bread with olive tapanade and the butterleaf lettuce salad. Both were great and easy to take and eat later.
