5	Mansions on Fifth are two lovely homes from the early 1900's that have been turned into a stunning bed and breakfast.  The new owners have done a fabulous job of restoring the homes to their original grandeur while adding modern touches (think high-end cozy bedding and Restoration Hardware like bathrooms).  There are several sizes of rooms for overnight guests including a honeymoon suite.  There are also a range of rental space options: wine cellar, intimate chapel, parlor and dining areas to name a few.  The homes provide a luxurious atmosphere and friendly staff.
5	I am a Pittsburgh native but only my mother remains there. My siblings and I and our children are scattered all over the country, so when we decided we wanted to have a family Christmas reunion in our home city, the search was on for a classy, cozy, accommodating hotel in the most interesting part of the city. Well, we found one at The Mansions on Fifth in Shadyside. We booked 7 rooms last spring before they had even opened and waited with bated breath for the holiday. Everything was perfect from the moment we walked into the this tastefully restored, magnificent former domicile: guest rooms and suites that met all needs, food ( they had Christmas dinner catered for us by The Common Plea), common rooms such as a beautiful bar where we gathered in the evening, a library  where multiple morning papers awaited, the front parlor  where we opened Christmas gifts, a dining room that was the ultimate in elegance and the lobby where there was a huge Christmas tree, a piano  and an inglenook with fireplace. The staff went out of their way to be  friendly and helpful ( mind you, they were working on their holiday too). They helped us with transportation and gave advice about area restaurants and churches. There were so many Christmasy things to do in the surrounding university part of the city: displays at Carnegie Museum, Phipps conservatory, Cathedral of Learning,PPG and a home Steelers game on Christmas Eve and Walnut Street in Shadyside for last minute shopping.Our family unanimously highly recommends this place for any kind of special gathering, no matter the season.Jennifer Scheid Williams
5	I had a wonderful stay this past week. Very friendly and helpful staff. VERY comfortable and very easy walk to CMU and eating places in Shadyside I will make this my base in Pittsburgh
2	For the first time in my traveling life I stayed in both the best room and the worst room in a hotel in a single weekend!  While allowing me to make a broad critical appraisal of the place, it wasn't exactly what I had in mind in my choice to stay there.The location in Shadyside is great situated as it is within walking distance of the best part of Pittsburgh.  Carnegie Mellon, U Pitt, museums and Shenley Park and some great bars and restaurants.  For that the Mansions gets high marks.  It is a beautiful old place that is targeting the premium market with intimacy and service but it has a lot of bugs to work out before they can justify the price.  Perhaps they'll get there some day but they are not there yet.We arrived with high expectations and suddenly found ourselves being marched out the front door and through the loose gravel parking lot to the "daughter mansion" next door.  We then were taken up 3 flights of increasingly narrow stairs to the recently renovated attic.  So recently renovated that the paint smell was still obvious and trim wasn't finished.  The exit door to the fire escape (back staircase) didn't have a knob.  Our room, while quaint, was noticeably warm and we soon discovered it wouldn't be cool-able until the next day.  We demanded another room and were given the presidential suite.  Excellent!  That room is worth every penny of what you pay.  Really outstanding.  Giant suite and very quiet and comfortable.The next night we were packed up and moved to the attic again.  This time they fixed the cooling problem but forgot to put pillows on the bed.  We then discovered that the TV was not connected to the cable system. That night we discovered there was no soundproofing for the single paned window that faced the busy 5th Avenue outside.  No sleep no quiet and certainly no comfort.  Don't let them put you in the "daughter mansion"!  Real bait and switch.
5	Wonderful location for parties of any kind. We had our company holiday party there on 12/15 and, for a new place, we had great accommodations, friendly, attentive and professional staff, and delicious food. Would recommend to anyone interested in the Guilded Age of Pittsburgh history as well. Great atmosphere, cozy and upscale, classic but modern in all the right places. Overall, an A+ experience. Thanks, Mansions!
5	I am writing a review of Mansions as a music venue.  This is a unique location to dine and listen to live music.  Because it's a small hotel, the staff is very attentive to the smallest needs and is very willing to help.  It's fun just to look around the place.  The acoustics are wonderful for live music, there's a lot of beautiful woodwork, and so the sound is live and warm.  I have eaten at the brunch and the food was wonderful, lots of choices from a buffet, and top quality and well prepared food.    Definitely worth visiting.  I will come back often.
5	My boyfriend and I have walked and driven by this place and have always said we should check it out sometime.  So as a surprise for his birthday, I booked a room here on a Saturday night.  As far as price goes, I felt that the price was in line with a high end hotel.  They do not have dinner, except for special occassions, but they do offer appetizers.  There is a breakfast included with the room, but we had breakfast plans for another place.  This place is gorgeous.  We walked in through the front doors and were just amazed by how nice the place is.  There is a fireplace with a few seats to just to sit and enjoy the warmth.  We were greeted by Gary and he checked us in and showed us to our room.  When we walked into our room there was a sitting area with a love seat, a chair, and a cabinet with a tv.  You walk down the steps and you are in the bedroom.  We had a king size bed that was nicely decorated with at least 10 throw pillows and another tv. There was a desk for any business you might need to conduct, but this was a pleasure trip.  There were robes and slippers in the closet for our use and the bathroom was enormous.  Everything was very nicely decorated and very clean.  We put our bags down and hit the downstairs bar.  We saddled up to the bar and had a few more fruity drinks to finish off our celebratory evening.  We found out that the bar is open to the public unless they are hosting a private event.  We will definately be back to relax in the bar.  You had the option to sit at the bar or at a few tables near another fire place.  The Mansions on Fifth are doing it right.  You can add on massages or for a little extra romance have candles and rose petals waiting for your arrival.  I highly recommend this place if you are looking for a romantic get away or just to relax.  All of the staff were very friendly.
5	I really enjoyed my stay at Mansions on Fifth. I am in Pittsburgh this week for some career fair recruiting. In the past, we have stayed at the Hampton Inn here in PGH, and this is a huge step up. +plush white towels+great showers+great shower items+my room 2203 was quite large and had a nice view+common area to interact with my co worker that was not in our room+free wi fi+free breakfast+friendly staff+fitness room+bar downstairs (didn't use, but looked nice and played classical music)+nice TVs+Nice furniture+Brownie waiting for me when I came home after maid service!I really enjoyed my stay here, and would recommend this place as a great place, close to CMU for recruiting or a weekend away with your SO.
4	Excellent hotel near the CMU campus, in a neighborhood of gargantuan homes. There are two buildings; I overheard some locals saying that one of the buildings had been restored after a big fire, and the other one seems to have been recently renovated.The rooms are a decent-size for two people, with a comfy bed, a desk, a TV with cable, and a dresser. The wifi is surprisingly good and reliable for a hotel. The bathrooms are all up to date, with a massive frisbee-sized showerhead and incredibly nice, soft towels. Everything worked great while I was there, no complaints.Hotel guests have a complimentary "European Breakfast" in the morning, which includes coffee or tea, fruit, cold cuts and cheeses, pastries, and yogurt. You can also order off the (fairly extensive) breakfast menu if you want something else. The dining room is beautiful, and there are plenty of newspapers to keep you company if you're dining alone.Overall, I enjoyed my stay at Mansions on Fifth. My coworker and I felt very well taken care of, and I'm pretty sure we had the whole second building to ourselves (we were there in late February, which I don't imagine is high season), so we were able to camp out in the comfortable living room and work / chat without worrying about bothering anyone else.
4	Excellent place to call home in Pittsburgh.  Compared to most corporate and pricey hotels in the city, this small hotel has a lot of charm and character going for it.  The staff were extremely nice and helpful; owners are faithfully restoring this historic mansion, piece by piece; plus, adding more rooms, as they acquired another historic property next door.  This place is going to get better and better.  It is inspiring to stay somewhere, where you feel like you are helping keep architectural history alive.
4	This review is for the Easter brunch. This brunch was small but diverse. There was an omelet station, eggs, pancakes, French toast, bacon, sausage, home fries, crab cakes, salmon, another fish I can't recall, filet mignonette, lamb, ham, salads, fruit, little appetizers, and desserts. We enjoyed a little of everything and everything was superb. The desserts were tiny which was cute and fine because after eating brunch, who can finish a huge piece of pie. My daughters, ages 9 and 10, enjoyed the brunch as well. My only wish is that there would have been a potato or rice dish for the meat. Overall, I would definitely do it again.
4	Recently stayed at Mansions on 5th during a quick family trip to Pittsbugh.There isnt any sort of outdoor signs for the property that I noticed but it is on the corner of 5th and Amberson (I believe).Great lobby. Great bar with a good selection. Decent continental breakfast (killer scones)  and french press coffee.Loved our room (1304). very spacious, great bathroom and shower.Only downside is the stairs...but it is an old mansion so take that for what its worth.
1	This is only a review of the wedding planning services and not the actual rooms. We've been looking at wedding venues around Pittsburgh and really liked the Mansions. Unfortunately, they are nearly impossible to communicate with. Due to missed appointments and un-returned emails and calls, we're left to conclude that they really don't want or need our business. If this is how they deal with people looking to spend thousands of dollars, it makes we wonder how they treat everyday guests.
1	The locations is great near Carnegie Mellon where I had a seminar.  But the place has a weird undertone.  It looks like they ran out of money during a recent renovation. The thermostats are set for several rooms so if your neighbor asks them to turn the heat on you'll have to open all of your windows so as no to boil.  The couple who ran it had a big fight in the lobby.  Avoid it!
5	The Mansions on Fifth is a beautiful venue to have your wedding!!  This is a family operated business and from day one I was showered with personal attention. The owners are very much involved in the day to day and were extremely accommodating, attentive and motivated to ensure every detail of my wedding was perfect.  Jennifer Pendleton (the event sales coordinator) and her team are truly the best! Jennifer definitely made the wedding planning process stress free and smooth sailing! I am so blessed to have hired her as a wedding planner and pulling off our special day. Everything was beautiful and flowed seamlessly. My guests NEVER wanted for anything during their stay.  We received so many compliments on our wedding and it was all because Jennifer and her team pulled everything together perfectly.  She knows what she is doing! If I had to rate my experience at the Mansions on Fifth from 1 to 10...it would be a 20! Whenever we needed something or had a question, Jennifer and her team were always responsive and quick! She was always professional, creative, and got the job done!  She understood our vision and it turned out beautifully! Thank you so much again and I highly recommend the Mansions on Fifth Hotel to any engaged couple!
2	We went for Sunday Brunch, so this review only covers that, not the hotel...the hotel itself may be great, I can't say.  However, brunch was decidedly disappointing.  We were seated a few minutes after 1pm, their last seating, and all of the food on the buffet seemed like it had been sitting out for hours.  The short rib pasta was dry, the brussels sprouts were mushy and waaay overcooked, and the bacon was swimming in grease.  The fruit on the dessert table was picked-over, with only had a little melon and a few blueberries left.  We didn't see them freshening any of the food except the desserts the whole time we were there, and instead of putting out new fruit, they just took away the tray.  The drinks were also disappointing...my Bloody Mary was room-temperature and the coffee was lukewarm.  The only highlights were the beef tenderloin (or what was left of it, only a few small slices), the crab cakes, and the omelet station (at least those were made fresh).The building is beautiful inside and out, and all the staff were friendly, but if they're going to accept a 1pm reservation, they should be prepared to have hot, fresh food on the buffet rather than leftovers from the noon seating.  We might give it another try if we could go earlier in the day...then again, we might just go to Sunnyledge or Savoy instead.
5	I made reservations for brunch this past Sunday only to receive a call that they were not providing brunch on this particular Sunday, only breakfast. Which after reading a few reviews, probably was a good thing!I started with a Bellini that was yummy, and I found out later when I got my bill part of their breakfast cocktail special. +1 I ordered the omelette with truffle oil and drunken goat cheese. Overall it was OK, the truffle oil was not overpowering but to me I would have preferred that it was. :)I forgot to mention that we started our meal with complimentary crab cakes and asparagus +100 the crab cakes were awesome and so was the grilled asparagus!We ended the meal with complimentary chocolate mousse cups!In total we spent almost 3 hours in this beautiful old house and we probably could have stayed longer!! Walking from floor to floor you're treated to beautiful art and amazing architecture that you just really can't find anymore.What a treat and a delight to have in Pittsburgh!!
1	If you are doing business with Mansions on Fifth you must make sure you get paid in advance.  They will stiff you.  They do not pay their bills.
2	First, the good: it's a very pretty converted old mansion that now serves as a hotel. There's a small bar on the main level of the main house, and the bartender was very good. We also enjoyed the breakfast and the peaceful setting not too close to the city. The bad: we stayed here so we wouldn't have to drive around and could go out to dinner and have some drinks. Our cab never arrived, so we ended up having to drive anyway. They pulled our car around and didn't lock it, which wasn't that concerning given the area but annoying nonetheless. The real complaint: we woke up the next morning covered in ants. They were in the bed, all over the linens and swarming up the walls. We took photos and showed them at the front desk, and they didn't even apologize let alone offer us something for the horror of waking up in a bed full of ants. They said only: "they spray every month." Never again will I stay here despite the otherwise pleasant atmosphere.
5	Very beautiful and well worth the money. Booked a room here on the second floor over a weekend and it was gorgeous. The rooms were clean and well kept. The mansions were historic but had plenty of modern amenities. The staff was very pleasant an the European breakfast was delicious.
1	Extremely unprofessional owner and staff. They kept taking money from my credit card until my balance became negative. staff needs more training as some of them are rude. I liked the view of my room but everything was ruined by the brunch and the credit card
5	Spent the night here after finding a great last minute deal on expedia. It was wonderful. To start, the service we were given in the evening by Charles and Deron was perfect. They graciously took care of our needs, including pulling our car up to our door in the pouring rain and carrying umbrellas for us. We couldn't have asked for more polite, professional and kind service.Our room was beautiful. It didn't feel like a hotel at all. More like a guest room in someone's home.Breakfast in the morning was very good. Our only complaint is that 2 of the 3 pastries were stale. But the coffee was French press, smooth and delicious. We left the table full. We will definitely stay here again.
1	Worst brunch ever. Moldy fruit, cold soggy pancakes, dried out salmon, and dried out pasta. Disgusting. There are a lot of great brunch places in Pittsburgh and this is not one of them.
2	We had our 25 person Sunday brunch wedding here a few weeks ago. It was simple and very low key - no bridal party, my dad officiated, and my sister did the flowers. The venue is beautiful and the staff was so kind. Unfortunately, the person in charge (Jennifer) is very unprofessional, which is disappointing considering the cost and elegance of the venue. And also considering this was my wedding. I couldn't imagine planning a big wedding here with lots of details, deadlines, and other vendors. She was very unresponsive through the whole process and prices changed a lot. She forgot lots of things (my husband's name, how to spell my name, the number of rooms we needed, etc.). I was pretty nervous until a new woman was hired to help manage events. Emily was so sweet and very on top of things. During my last meeting with her, she asked that I keep her informed of every little detail we had planned for the ceremony. She offered to be responsible for making sure things moved smoothly, and she would work with my sisters in handling everything. Even though there were not many details, she was aware of everything and I felt good about that.Fast forward to the day of our wedding. Unfortunately, Emily could not attend, so Jennifer was there in her absence. I didn't see her until right before the ceremony when she gave me an update on the time. I learned later that my sisters had multiple conversations with her that left them very aggravated and disappointed. Our wedding cake was a donut tower, and the donuts were stored in a closed box on the counter in the presidential suite's kitchenette. When my sisters opened the box to set up the tower, about half the donuts were covered in ants. Jennifer seemed completely unfazed, explaining simply that there are ant problems in old buildings. Of course this is true, but a completely inappropriate and insensitive response when my 75 donut wedding cake is ruined and the wedding is starting in one hour. To make a long story short, nothing was done about this. No apology, no acknowledgement, no accommodation, nothing. My sisters used the donuts that seemed edible, and luckily the only person that noticed ants on their food was my dad and he laughed it off. Otherwise, this would have been mortifying. In addition to the ants, my sister had her clothes laying on the bed and noticed they were wet. With further investigation, there was a huge leak in the ceiling and there was water all over the bed. This too went unacknowledged with no initial accommodation. After getting the bill, my sister had to approach Jennifer to remind her of the ants and water. Jennifer took $50 off of the $650 room, and when my sister walked away, two different people witnessed Jennifer roll her eyes and laugh. Luckily I did not know about any of this until after the wedding was over and I was able to enjoy myself. I feel bad that my sisters experienced this after doing so much to help make my day perfect. As a side note, our first dance was incorporated into our ceremony since we didn't have a reception. The plan was (which Emily had down in her notes) that we would supply the music and our song would play through the Mansion speakers. Well I had bride brain the day of the wedding and completely forgot. And my sisters were busy brushing ants off the donuts to remember. So when it came time to do our first dance, we stood there awkwardly realizing there was no music. Luckily there was a pianist who knew the song, so our first dance was an instrumental piano version of our wedding song. This worked out wonderfully, as my sisters and husband sang the lyrics and everyone had a good laugh. I take full responsibility for forgetting the music, and I'm happy with the outcome, but when I thought back on the details, I realized how uninvolved Jennifer was. I believe things would have gone much differently had Emily been there.Overall, the venue was beautiful; the valet and chef were all so kind; and the food was good. And most importantly, I married my best friend and celebrated with my family! But Jennifer was very, very disappointing.
2	The Sunday breakfast buffet was not worth the price.  I went for the first time this past weekend with a group.  There was an OK variety of items but I wasn't blown away by the number of choices.  The crepe and item that looked like a quiche on the website were nowhere to be found on the buffet.  Likewise the out of date menu on the website mentioned scones and biscotti, but sadly they were not on the buffet.  The dessert choices were nothing very exciting, cheese selection limited and fruit was never refreshed during the two hours we were there.My husband had a coffee and an orange juice.  I also had an orange juice and didn't care for the taste.  I think the orange juice was an extra charge since our bill was over $38 per person, although we did not get an itemized bill so I can't be sure.  Our server was new and had a hard time with the checks.  It took forever to ring everyone out and there were some mishaps with a couple of checks.  Later in the day my husband and I both had uneasy stomachs, we think as a result of the brunch since we did not eat anything else that day.
5	I had my wedding here on December 6th (2014).  I couldn't wait to write this review because the experience was so wonderful - I even joined Yelp so that I could write it!  I worked with Emily primarily (who is no longer with Mansions).  The owner was also quite wonderful.  The entire experience was perfect from beginning to end.  The acoustics are excellent, and the venue is simply stunning.  The service was impeccable.  It was like planning the wedding at my own house, but with an amazing staff of people to help!  Perfect, fun, friendly bartenders and valets.  French pressed coffee and danish the morning after - delicious.  Brunch with a smiling Emily and Mary to congratulate me.  I had brought some of my own Waterford crystal champagne glasses to set at the tables - there were 14 of them - they had been hand-washed and packed carefully in their boxes by the time we were ready to depart.  I believe Jim was in charge of our wedding, and made sure everything was just how I wanted it - even down to when I wanted the lights dimmed and the fireplaces on.  All my table decorations were also carefully packed and stored safely in a closet for the next morning.  All these little things I was not expecting.  I felt like everyone who worked there was part of the wedding, they were so friendly and perfect!  I am thrilled.  Thank you, Mansions, for being perfect.  Victoria
