5	What a great customer service! They know how to deal with corrupt insurance companies. Jason the owner will explain how the "system" works and get your car fixed at an incredible value! He will even reduce your deducible by 10% based on the insurance quote! Highly suggested!
5	Great experience all around. Excellent quality repair work, finished in a timely manner, with professional and personal customer service. Would highly recommend!
1	Note : The one star is for the special they were running when I brought my car in.  10% of total repair costs was deducted from my deductible. (came out to be 300 for me) I would give them a 1/2 star if it was possible. When it comes to my car, I'm patient as long as I think that the shop will do a great job and aren't jerking me around.  I waited 3 weeks after the 1st week of waiting for the insurance to approve everything before I decided to contact them and see how my car was doing.  This is when I started to get the picture that I gave my car to the WRONG shop.When I called, the person I talked to wasn't even the guy I had originally talked to when I had dropped off my car.  I called for Chris and got Carlos. (in the end Carlos was a lot more helpful and understanding)Then I was told that my car just needed to get put back together and painted. (So I assumed, okay, one more week tops.)  Called a week later, and I was told the SAME EXACT thing.  He did tell me that the shop was a little backed up in the painting dept, but more than a week to get it painted sounded ridiculous.  But I love my car enough to let them have it as long as they needed to to get things done right.  So he told me that it should be ready in 3 days.  So I called 3 days later and the person I talked to wasn't Carlos because it was his day off.  This person then tells me, oh no it's not to be ready for another 2 days.  I was about to get pissed when as I am on the phone, the guy tells me, oh wait, let me contact Carlos to make sure.  So I wait, and he gets back to me saying, Yeah, Carlos says it won't be done for another 2 days.Now I'm just annoyed, so I tell the nice man to have his manager call me as soon as possible because we officially have an issue.30 minutes later I recieve a phone call from Jason, the Manager or Part Owner.  He tells me that they were backed up and was very sorry for the delay.  He then offers me a rental, but only IF I had the insurance policy that covered it.  At this point, almost 5 weeks into the ordeal, all I wanted was my car.  So I decided to not play their game anymore and let him know what was really going on.Not to brag but this front end damage due to a fender bender situation has happened to me before.  To be exact, this was the 3rd time.  The first 2 times were with an older, less common and more expensive car. (Currently I have a 06 Scion Tc - very common car, still manufactured model and before I had a 02 Subaru WRX Impreza - model wasn't manufactured anymore, parts were harder to find and both times I had to get it repaired it NEVER took more than 2 WEEKS.)So I told him, VERY POLITELY that what I wanted/needed was not a rental, but my car.  I had given them more than enough time to repair my car and not only that, but I wasn't going to suffer because you can't seem to run your business well enough to not get "backed" up.  Then I told him what I stated above that I already know how long it should take.  At this point he gave up and finally came clean and said that my car had been overlooked due to all the hail damaged cars and that he would take responsibility for my car.  Also he promised me an extra 300 off my deductible making sure that I knew that they "weren't making any money off my car anymore".  So at that point I was satisfied, until he said that it wouldn't be ready for another 3 days instead of 2.  I let that slide though.3 days later I call to ask when I could pick it up and then I'm told that a part that they needed came in and it was the wrong part.  Why the heck were they still waiting for parts almost 6 weeks in?!?!  So I tell Carlos to have his manager call me again.  Jason doesn't call me till about 2 hours later saying the same thing Carlos did.  I'm just livid at this point.Skipping the rest of the boring stuff, when I finally get to go down to the shop FORTY FOUR days later I am greeted by a very unprofessional atmosphere.  We walk in and Chris who should've been responsible for my car doesn't even say hello, just picks up his cell and calls Jason.  Then looks at my boyfriend and I and say, Jason will be out in a minute.  So as we are waiting several employees sittin a few desks away are talking about other customers in a very vulgar way.  Cursing and calling some lady a "bit*h" and laughing about it with each other.  When Jason arrives, he takes us into his office and tries to give us the "nice talk".  Saying how he had to keep it the extra time due to "quality control" issues. Goes on and on about what was done and what went wrong.  At the end of his speech I told him what was done shouldn't have taken as long as it did and they should've been honest with me in the beginning.  I didn't want to pay anything, but at this point, I would pay 1000 dollars just to get away from that shop.  They are a sad excuse of a shop and Jason was rude from beginning to end.  I wouldn't go back there even if someone paid me to.
4	Initally had a few concerns but sat down down with Jason and handled everything that needed taken care of. I appreciated the fact that Jason took the time to do so, I just wish it would have happened sooner. The car looked great after addressing the inital concerns we had and everything has been up to par and working since. I wish  this company nothing but the best and DO believe that any issues they had/have will be fixed from here on out. I WOULD suggest giving them a try, the waive the deductable deal is a deal you just cant beat!
5	I had my truck in here for major repairs as well as my wife's Suv. They did fantastic work on both occasions, both cars looked brand new when they where complete. The owner Jason pays attention to the details and will make sure things are right if you have an issue. They surpassed our every expectation.
1	It's very sad to see  company turn to bad business after the loss of an owner but this one did!  I'm very unhappy with the way this company has treated me over a rent a charge.  Scottsdale Collision is not paying thier bill's so be very careful when doing business with the company.  I was just hit with a charge from Hertz along with a number of other people.  This company put me in a rent a car saying the charge was covered by them as my car was being repaired and I was charged for the rent a car one year later!  After months of phone call's to Scottsdale Auto Collision, I got the run around.  I'm now stuck paying this charge because of poor management after the owner was killed or in Jail.  The story keeps changing from the company.  So Don't hand over your CC unless you want to pay!  I was charged one year following my service!  What a nightmare this has been~!
