4	The door directly into the dining area is never open so don't break your arm trying to open it like I almost did.  But do walk in through the grocery store and make sure to greet the staff and you can take a seat in one of the red booths and they will wait on you.The food is good quality.  The presentation is not spectacular, but there are few other places in town where you can get a $3 falafel sandwich that tastes this good.  Other items are also extremely reasonably priced.  Their sandwiches are pita wraps but satisfyingly filling.  Ideal for lunch or a quick meal to go.  Get the hummus or falafel appetizer for something extra to keep you going.
4	This place seems to be a really well kept secret.  I've driven past it a ton of times and never really noticed it.  Well I finally stopped in and I have to say that it is a really nice place, although it's kind of small.  The staff is super friendly and the service is really good for only having two people to run both the grocery store and restaurant.  The food is great and you can't beat the price.  I loved the lamb and rice, it was just so tender and perfect.
4	Oh man, four words: homemade stuffed grape leaves. Don't get me wrong, I LOVE canned ones too (there are maybe 5-6 brands here to choose from, if you'd rather) but of all the falafel shops I've frequented, I've never had homemade. Exciting. Falafel is tasty, if a bit small (every city has their own style, it's interesting to me that Charlotte's is the roll-up rather than the pita-stuff) so make sure to grab one of their sides: tabouleh, babaganoush, and homemade samosas (!) all make me very happy. A drink, sammich and side will run you about 8 bucks. Also of note: huge jars of pickles run about 5 bucks (a steal) and the olive bar is terrific. It's on the floor. Don't be skeered. Another first for me: a rack of pre-made Injera. Awesome!
2	Bad news, folks. I must have gone on an "off" night...all the other reviews are so positive. What the heck?!First of all, I was very impressed by the store. They carry everything Middle Eastern! I got lost among their products and I wanted to buy and try everything. My husband spent some time in Syria when he was little and when he saw the dried apricot paste, he was flooded with positive memories. Also, if you are looking for injera, they have it!So now for the bad news...my experience was opposite than the other reviewers. We ordered the veggie plate and tried all 8 different sides. The grape leaves were small, smushy, and stuffed with salt (or that is how it tasted). The spinach pastry was hard and difficult to eat. The hummus, tabouli, and baba ghanoush were fine. I'm not new to Middle Eastern food and I've tried it a lot, so I feel fairly confident in saying that this had to have been the most unsatisfying and disappointing Arabic meal that I have eaten. However, one redeeming aspect was the falafel...it was good. The staff were very friendly and the seating area was clean. I would return to go shopping there, but I would not order anything to eat. Go to support the store and to find great Arabic products, but eat at your own risk.
2	I went in to the place and I rather liked the market. They've got a lot of good stuff including rose jelly that appears not to be a blend of other things like honey or orange blossom. I ordered the lamb sandwich and found that it was not all that great. First, the lamb was cooked well and had some marrow which I appreciated. The lamb though was not really seasoned and tasted like boiled meat. They also tucked dill pickles into the thing which tasted strange to me. A totally unsatisfying meal. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing so I'm giving it two stars rather than one for benefit of the doubt.
4	Before I was vegetarian, I visited Cedarland at least once a week for their Shawarma Baladi.  Wow.  That was one great sandwich.  One I definitely recommend to you meat eaters out there!I'm not a big fan of their falafel or their stuffed grape leaves (I much prefer Middle East Deli which I think changed it's name last year for both of these items).However, I do prefer Cedarland for their turkish coffee.  I've had it all over Charlotte, and I do believe it's my favorite here.  I always get a whole pot for the best taste.I also love shopping in the grocery store for various items!  And the olives here are super cheap and delicious!
4	Delicious restaurant. We usually get the hummus, falafel and mixed grill plate with grilled chicken and keftas. It's consistently good. Excellent service and the owner is very friendly and welcoming. The store is also well stocked with middle eastern specialties - spices, mixes, frozen food section, olive bar and our favorite, fresh pastries. If there is a special ingredient you need for a middle eastern recipe, they are sure to have it. For example, I found the pomegranate molasses I needed for a Kisir recipe. It's definitely no-frills, but it doesn't need to be.
3	Drove here to pick up tahini paste to make my own tahini yogurt sauce for shawarma (shawerma?).  They had it, it seemed a little pricey, so I will have to do some research to compare and may adjust star rating accordingly.  The proprietor was super nice. Seeing as it is attached to a restaurant I shall have to make a point to try their shawarma and what looked like fresh baked baklava in the window, so be on the lookout for updates.
1	Food was not fresh, bland, and overall unappetizing.  I love this Middle Eastern food, but this was a disappointing meal.
4	Can't believe I haven't written a review for one of my favorite cheap place to eat! I have been coming here for years, honestly don't remember how I stumbled across this "restaurant" since it is more a grocery store. The dine in portion is on the side.  My favorite items are kafta sandwich (wrap) and lentil soup. By far my favorite lentil soup in town. $3.99 and $2.50 makes for a semi healthy and cheap meal. Personally I think the beef kabobs for $9 is a little steep because you don't get much food.  This is a hole in the wall type place, don't expect anything fancy (decor or service). But this is a solid spot to eat.
4	Visited with my friend today for the first time. Everything was great and fresh. We had Beef Shawarma Sandwich, Falafel Sandwhich, Baba Ganouj, Tabouli, Grape Leaves, and Potato Hara. Everything was delicious!
4	So far, this is the best middle eastern I've tried in Charlotte.  I ordered the veggie plate where I had a choice of 4 different veggie items listed.  I ordered hummus, baba ganouj, grape leaves, and falafel.  They were all delicious.  Be sure to ask for some garlic sauce.  It makes all the difference.This is also a small grocery store so I purchased some feta cheese.  OMG.  It was so salty and different from what I get at a restaurant.  Friendly service and friendly place.
4	Very authentic. Everything we ate was prepared well and tasty. It's in a modest spot but don't let that stop you from coming!
4	Two weekends in a row and it's been really good. I can't recommend the chicken kabobs or the whole chicken enough. That and the grocery is kind of awesome.
5	Great great great! They have the best food. Falafel is bangin! I love the lamb. I haven't sat down to eat yet but i call ahead for pickup a few times a month. The guy who works there most of the time is really nice and funny. I also bought my hookah from here. I normally pick up my coals and shisha here too.
