5	Last weekend while my sister and brother-in-law were in town from Chicago, we made a visit to Bonnie Springs for the day. While there, we enjoyed all there is to do but were treated to our very first taste of Las Vegas Kettle Corn. My sister and I are Kettle Corn lovers, as we HAVE to pick up a bag whenever and wherever we see some. When we first approached the small table they had set up, they immediately asked if we wanted to sample their kettle corn. We jumped at their offer and the man behind the table asked us to hold out our hands. With our hands cupped together, the man generously poured a heaping scoop of kettle corn into our hands-- so heaping, I had to eat out of my hands to allow one hand to eventually be freed from sweet 'n salty goodness. We purchased one large bag of kettle corn and one large bag of the three layer cheddar, kettle corn, and caramel mix. It wasn't long before we had eaten through half of an entire bag. When we returned home, my sister and I ate through the top two layers of the mix before I had to tell my sister to physically take the back away from me. Yes, it was THAT good.After finishing both bags and establishing a kettle corn addiction, I was beginning to feel withdrawals as the week went on. So today, I made the journey across town (roughly 30 minutes) to buy two more bags. I arrived at Las Vegas Kettle Corn to be immediately greeted with a smile by the sole employee working there at the time, Deborah. She was sooooo sweet! She offered me samples of whatever they had, although I held back and only took two. I was in there for a while just talking with her and left with one large back of kettle corn and one large bag of kettlemel (kettle corn & caramel mix). DEEEEEELISH!
5	The aroma of popped Kettle Corn, plus the sign Gluten Free and Non GMO is what drew me in to try it one day at farmers market. Tried samples, really liked it, plus the price and the amount you get was a better value compared to the other popcorn places Ive been to. I bought a bag and from there I was hooked. I saw their shop was located right here in Henderson just off Lake Mead/Boulder Hwy. where the Albertsons is located. The shop is pretty good size and they had a bigger variety of flavors to choose from.  After trying many samples, our favorites: Original Kettlemel - lightly coated w/sugarWhite Cheddar - Lighter than cheddar and also less messier (no yellow residue on fingers..lol)Coconut White Chocolate - This one is so good. Flakes of shredded coconut and white chocolate melt in your mouth good!All Kettle Corn is popped in house and stocked on the shelves.  The Coconut White Chocolate is really popular and first to go. When they make it, you gotta get there early, by afternoon it's sold out.  They also sell novelty ice cream bars, soda and shave ice! There was a section against the wall that had containers if you want to package the kettle corn as a gift. I love the handcrafted merchandise they had too. Crochet hats, scarves and baby blankets that were pretty inexpensive. . When I don't make it to the Pavilion for farmers market. Debra (aka Miss Debbie) is the lady and one of the owners who is here normally when I come in to the shop. Always cheerful and such a warm person. You'll probably see her family manning  the other pop up Kettle Corn stands around town at the local farmers market and events.They are expanding and opening another shop too over at the Container Park! This location will remain where they make the Kettle Corn though. So if you are holding a bag of Las Vegas Kettle Corn, it's likely from right here in Henderson! #ShopLocal #ShopSmall
4	This is for their cute little shop over in the Container park at downtown LV.Went here 1/9/13 for the "passport to downtown"got a small bag of original kettle corn. i'm not a big fan of kettle corn but this is the exception! The right balance of salty & sweet. Customer service was friendly, even though i only came in for the free sample. I ended up eating the whole bag.
5	Try their kettle corn!! The fruity ones are a little bit too sweet and artificial tasting to me but the kettle corn is amazing. Must. Try!! At least walk in and try some, they give free samples!
