3	I was starved and had a chicken sandwich with avocado and ketchup drenched fries that tasted like a salty heaven.  And a beer, of course I had beer.  Yum
5	The food, and service here was great.  We stumbled on this place while looking for some food in the Venitian.  We are on a fairly strict diet so the fast food located there wasn't going to cut it.  Give this place a try, you'll like it.  Especially the Chicken Portabella Panini (big enough for two)
5	Meatball parmigiana was really good and the price wasn't too bad for the amount of food i got.
4	If I ever find myself in the food court of the Venetian, I'll probably grab something from here. They offer their sammiches in either half or whole portions. Half actually is plenty for me. Tried their clubini, which had turkey, bacon, tomato, lettuce and swiss. Best panini I've had thus far. I got bacon in every bite I took of that sammich. It filled me up enough that I had to save the chips I bought along with it for later.
4	Came here for lunch with a coworker on 6/1/11. It's located inside the Venetian at the food court upstairs(next to Johny Rockets). When we got here, there was a line so the co worker and I thought that was a good sign. They had a display of what they offer by the register and the tomato and mozzarella panini caught my eye. The coworker was also interested in the same sandwich so I decided to get something else so we can both try two diff sandwiches. I ordered the Portabella Mozzarella  while she got what initially caught my eyes.  I tried my order first before i tried her half and it was good! The bread was perfectly crunchy on the outside and soft  inside. There were plenty of mozzarella, tomato, and red and green lettuce inside. My only complaint was the amount of mushroom it had. For a Portabella sandwich you would think it would be filled with it, but it wasn't at all.  The other sandwich on the other hand was also good, but not as good. Possibly because it had basil and pesto in it which I think doesnt do a lot of justice in sandwiches. It was served in a toasted panini unlike the other sandwich and had plenty of the same things the first sandwich had, minus the Portabella. Overall, both were tasty but pricey. I spent around 20 bucks for the two of us and that also included two large 'freshly squeezed' lemonade. So if you're around the Venetian upstairs and are looking for something light to eat, do stop by here!
3	located within the venetian part of the grand shops canals food court.bella panini was one of the only places that stuck out in the food court, honestly this part of the grand canal shoppes is a big disappointment i come to vegas not only that i enter the venetian i really don't wanna see a panda express or even a freakin johnny rockets.... c'mon nowthere was this interesting bistro but since i was in the venetian i was in an italian mood so i moseyed on over to bella panini, all the sandwiches looked good, but the price is what killed me.. but then again i was on vacation mode so i didn't mind spending a little bit more on a sandwich at what looks like a fast food place. but then again vacation mentality so i ordered the chicken parmigiana sandwich with an order of fries, another thing i didn't like was that each sandwich didn't come with a side of fries or even offered a combo... the sandwich was good, chicken nice and crispy, the fries on the other hand were a disappointment i believed they labeled the fries with some kind of adjective that praised it... only reason i got them was that word, oooh marketing it's gonna get yeawouldn't really come back, would rather try the bistro across the court next time and other places in the venetian and vegas before trying another sandwich from bella panini
5	Best paninis ever!!! Don't expect to eat in fancy atmosphere as it's a part of the food court in the Venetian and it's a little loud. But the paninis are amazing!!! Be ready to pay about $10 each and it's definitely worth it! You can get 1/2 panini also. It's pretty big and soo delicious!! Wish we had them in LA. Will be back every time I go to Vegas:))
3	Probably the best place in the Sands Convention Center to grab a quick bite to eat (that is if you don't want anything extremely greasy and salty). Try the panini that is made with tomato, mozzarella, and pesto. Pretty good for food court food.
1	HORRIBLE!!  We ordered a wrap and a salad and pretty much they served us a wrap with key parts purposely left out and salad with frozen and old pieces of lettuce.  When I brought it to the attention of the nice guy working at the counter, he apologized, and to make a long story short, his boss/manager knew about it but told him to just make it anyway.  I wasn't about to pay $10 for a wrap that didn't have half the stuff in it nor was I going to eat an old and frozen salad.  My one star is they refunded me my money.... well my one star is because they yelp doesn't allow zero.
3	Was a nice inexpensive place to get a sandwich. I liked the meatball quite a lot.
3	Tasty Caesar salad. The panini bread could be better quality.. It's just a baguette. A little pricey for food court dining.. But then again it's in the Venetian.
4	Was drawn to it because it wasn't a chain. I debated on eating here or the noodle bowl place, chose Bellas because I wanted something on the lighter side. I had one of the veggie Paninis and it tasted great. A little costly for some bread ,tomato, lettuce and provolone but it's in a mall in Vegas so it's to be expected. I liked the overall flavor and since I wont be near them anytime soon, I may try to recreate the sandwich at home.
5	Excellent portobello chicken wrap! Very tasty!
3	I've had a few to-go orders here using the Vegas4Locals buy one get one coupon.They make a tasty salad (I like the one with hearts of palm and blue cheese) and good paninis (the club is very good). Other than the usual mass of people at the food court and the walk through the Venetian to get here, it's a good place to try!
4	We came here on a Tuesday evening and ordered 1. Clubini, 10.95- Smoked turkey breast, swiss cheese, spring mile lettuce, sliced tomato, Red onion, Applewood bacon and mayonnaise 2. Chicken Parmigiana, 10.95- Breaded chicken breasts, grilled eggplants, mozzarella, marinara sauce and parmigiano Reggiano shavings(Used a BOGO from the Casino Guide)- In Venetian food court. - Attractive non-chain. Must-try. - A bit expensive for just a sandwich. I'd probably just go to Earl's in PH or Palm's. For value. - Clubini was great! Excellent cold sandwich! Gotta love a sandwich was bacon. - Chicken parmigiano was superb! Delicious taste. Tender chicken. Great mix. - Better than Panera. Reminds me of Mendocino Farms back in SoCal. Not better. Close but no cigar.
4	That's right. This is the Vegas restaurant I'm reviewing. The fast food place with excellent salads. Gotta have my fresh salad. If watching people kill themselves all day smoking, drinking and gambling makes you crave fresh foods like salad, come here. A few bites and you'll remember, "One day I get to leave Vegas and eat a $10 salad just about anywhere!"  Hang on and eat salad. That conference will be over soon.
4	Mozzarella tomato and basil panini is good. Replaced fries with side salad and got it to go. After getting to my room I realized that the don't include forks in to-go bag. Oh well. Reasonably healthy option  in that area of the hotel.
4	The food was what you would expect from a non-chain. I ordered the tomato mozzarella, and it was surprisingly really good! I normally like eating sandwiches with meat, but I had meat the night before, so I was like why not get a sandwich that's vegetarian? So I asked the cashier, and she said she would get tomato mozzarella. It was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had in my life.I'm giving this place a 4 star because the sandwiches were pretty pricey, and not too big... If it was a bit less expensive, it would be a 5 star.
4	I think the sandwich was really good and warm, I shared a tomato mozzarella sandwich and the Italiano. It was a bit pricey for just a sandwich though.
