3	Zoup is a very interesting new restaurant! Soups, salads and sandwiches with an emphasis on the soup. They have 100 soups with 12 in rotations everyday. They had 3 vegetarian options available for soup and multiple sandwich options. I only tried soup and it was pretty delectable. The decor and ambiance is also very quaint. It is a little pricey, but the soups are great and worth the money. I most definitely want to go back and try more!
4	I love this place. Fast, hot, tasty soup for $6-9 per person. The lobster bisque has huge chunks of lobster in it. I'm told they make other soups too but who cares when lobster bisque is an option? :P
4	I love soup! Unique concept. Good food
4	When I first tried Zoup in the US, I told myself that if there ever was one in Canada I'm definitely going. Sure enough, one opened in Waterloo, a quick jog from campus!I love the soups here. Lobster Bisque for sure. Other stores shred their lobsters, but this place gives whole chunks! Yum! The soup itself is delicious too, you can tell a lot of effort was put into making the soup.Sandwiches were meh, but hey...it's called Zoup for a reason.Free wifi!
3	This place was a godsend after my jaw surgery, with a great variety of soups that definitely taste better than canned soup. They have a huge variety that changes up daily, so definitely check on their website what they're offering that day to avoid disappointment. I'm super fond of their tomato basil bisque, as well as their chicken pot pie soup. Their cheeseburger soup is also a great substitute for burgers that you can't eat.My only criticism is the price tag. It's fine for a once in a while outing, but considering presentation and atmosphere, it's definitely more expensive than you would expect.
5	Love Zoup. Rotating soups, sandwiches, salads. What more can you want. Staff are nice. Can try every soup before you order. Can't wait for Zoups to be all over Ontario cause right now I have to drive an hour to get to one.
3	I've heard good things about Zoup, so when I was uptown yesterday I decided I'd give it a try. The broccoli cheddar soup was pretty tasty. The Veggie-terranean wrap on the other hand wasn't anything special. It seemed like something I would make at home (which isn't saying much). I guess I can accept this since the place is called Zoup, not Zraps.I got a soup and sandwich combo, which ended up being $8.50 +tax. I felt the portion size was pretty small for the price.I'd come here again, but I'd get a bigger soup and skip the wrap.
4	Visited the Waterloo Town Square location two days ago to catch to with an old friend. I like that there is a whole bar just so you can sample the soups before you pick what you want. Ended up ordering the salad + sandwich combo. Chicken Toscana and sandwich and the Sonoma salad (think that's what it was called). All fresh and yummy, quick service, and relatively inexpensive. Lots of seating, good atmosphere for a quick lunch.
4	Have you ever had lobster bisque?Yes? That's great. Now come and try the one here.No? That's alright. Come and try the one here.In case I wasn't obvious enough, I'm a diehard fan for their lobster bisque here. What can I say? It's a cream-based soup with chunks of lobster that sends waves of comfort with every bite I take.The price tag may shock the crowd that is used to the budget-friendly canned soup found at your local grocer, but for those of you who are looking for a hearty bowl of soup with ingredients your tastebuds can actually recognize? And an option to make it a combo with a side salad or a side sandwich, which both match the quality of the soup in taste? Well, that's worth paying a premium for, in my opinion. Keep an eye out for their stamp card program in the summer time. Typical loyalty cards... As if they need another reason for customers to return! (Kidding. I love it.)
5	I love this place! I've been there a bunch, most recently today. It's very good to the price if you compare it to other sit-down restaurants, especially if you get a breadboule, as they're very filling. The Try Two combo is also really filling if you get a sandwich instead of a salad.You can sample all their soups before you go which is awesome. The chicken pot pie is good, but my favourite is fire-roasted tomato bisque. I've had it twice now and it's amazing.Their cup sizes are decent and they don't have a hard time with giving you a cup for water, or getting refills.Probably my place in Waterloo!
5	Love this place! The vegetarian soup options are great and I like that they let you sample before choosing. Nice for a light lunch. I'll be going back.
2	I really like the concept of this place. With a variety of soups, salads, and sandwiches there's something for all tastes and preferences. There are also low fat, gluten free, vegetarian, dairy free, and lower calorie options indicated on the menu for health conscious people or those with allergies. But in reality, it's not as good as it sounds. My Loco Burrito salad was just eh, although I liked the guacamole that came on it. And my boyfriend's 4 cheese melt was a sad excuse for a grilled cheese. There was barely any cheese on it, and it wasn't even warm and gooey. His chicken potpie soup was probably the best thing we ordered.
