5	My son loved attending Kindergarden and Summer Camp here.  His favorite was Miss Laura who teaches Kindergarden.  Class size was small which I feel is a HUGE plus because my son learned and retained so much.  My son started elementary with the school dist. last fall and flew by with flyig colors; he academically performed at the top of his class and was praised by his teacher at every P/T conf.Summer camp was amazing! Field trips and tons of fun and educational activities.I highly recommend anyone with a little one to start with CLA in Peoria.
5	Love this school and my daughter loves going.  They have a wonderful,  very safe facility, great program and the staff really care about the kids. They are really accommodating to my constantly changing schedule and very affordable. Would suggest to anybody
1	I left there today, almost in tears, seeing how they treated my 13 month old daughter and the other children in the classroom.  As I was walking up to the classroom door to pick up my child, I witnessed this teacher abruptly grab my daughters hand/wrist and pull her along (her little feet could barely keep up) over to where most of the other children where at.  This was only her 4th day there so she obviously had not become comfortable enough to interact with the other children.  While I was in the classroom tending to my daughter, I witnessed this same teacher grab another child in the same manner.  She also abruptly picked up another child and used an ill tone toward him.  Almost every child in that classroom at that moment was crying. After I complained to the front desk, they sent in a 3rd teacher to help calm the children.  To add insult to injury, they tried to downplay the teacher's actions saying that I was just upset because my daughter had also fallen cut her mouth just as i was entering the classroom.  Uh, no sorry, I understand accidents like that happen, that was not the issue.   The issue is with your staff.I would also like to mention that every day I picked my child up, she was extremely thirsty.  We sent my daughter there with her own sippy cup and advised the staff that they needed to make sure she was getting enough water.  They had the nerve to tell my husband that the children have access to water.  He looked around and saw no sippy cups out for the kids.  I'm beating myself up for sending my daughter to such a horrible place. I'm glad I caught it before any serious damage was done.  Don't be fooled by the new, cool looking building and classrooms. The staff is poorly trained and really gave the whole feel like they had better things to do.  There was no caring and nurturing going on here.
2	My 6 year old went here for summer camp. This daycare has a lot of glitz and glamor. When you walk in, you really get this WOW feeling- even my kid loved it- she really wanted to go here. But once you are in, the novelty kind of wears off. My daughter did not like this place- she complained every day about going, which she has never  done with Kindercare or any afterschool program. There were ALOT of kids in the summer program and what seemed like very little direction. The kids were always running around like lunatics with the 'teachers' just kind of standing by. I never saw a structured activity going on. My kid came home yelling every day because of the volume in the classroom. Overall, there was very little personalized attention and I think my daughter could sense that- she was just a face in the very large crowd of children and we were just another weekly fee that they charged. While they may be ok for some kids, they did not make a connection with mine. She would rather have a good teacher/student interaction that a room full of ipads and screaming kids.
1	My 14 month old son started going to CLA 2 weeks ago. The 3rd day there he was bit so hard that the teeth imprints were left in his arm and bruised for almost a week. Seems like a typical thing that happens there. Just today they said my son threw a fit and hit his face on a chair and my baby's face is bruised scratched and swollen and drawn blood. This is not typical behavior for him. He has been in a home daycare since 5 months that he has never come home like this. He cried all this week when I dropped  him off which he never did before. I have removed him out as of today. My heart hurts for my baby boy.
