2	Restaurant Santa Lucia has a lot going for it - great location, capable waitstaff, an enticing menu, and a seemingly skilled chef. This restaurant could really be great if they could improve on the quality of their ingredients. We started out with an appetizer of escargot, which my wife usually insists on. The sauce was delicious, but the snails were obviously not fresh and that really killed the dish.For entrees, I had a calzone while my wife opted for a veggie pizza. The presentation was great, and the homemade wood-fire cooked pizza dough was fantastic. Once we hit the toppings though, the honeymoon was over. The onions in my calzone were raw and totally overpowering. My wife said most of the vegetables on her pizza tasted canned and were nearly inedible. We both picked everything off and ended up eating mostly dough and sauce (which were good!).If Santa Lucia steps up and starts buying fresh ingredients to pair with their great pizza dough and sauces, it could really shine.
4	If you want solid and honest al dante spaghetti bolognes, come to this place.
4	Santa Lucia has to be one of our favourite little Italian restaurants. We love the ambiance and decor as well as the delicious food. The spaghetti bolognese is addictive! It definitely satisfies the spaghetti lover! My husband adores the fettucini and the linguini and lasagna. WE recommend this restaurant highly!
3	Hit's the spot: Atmosphere, Service, & FoodAtmosphere:  Santa Lucia has been occupying it's little corner near Stanley and St. Catherine for quite some time - and it certainly shows.  The place is certainly the "old school" dinner other more recent restaurant incarnations try to imitate but fail.  In a word "charming".  The place however could use a little bit (ok a lot!) of touch up.  From the raggedy wine coloured rug, to the creaky tables and frayed curtains - it is very obvious that St. Lucia is in the business of frequent clientele turnover (good luck finding a table during lunchtime - thanks to the crush of business people at that time)Service:  The service at Santa Lucia varies depending on the time of arrival.  Evenings (3pm and up) tend to find the restaurant almost desolate - and thus the staff (one / two people) being very attentive.  Being popular with the business crowed due to its menu and close proximity to many of the businesses in the downtown core - it is very difficult to get a seat (or grab anything to go) during lunch time, so the staff is understandably rushed and brief during those times.Food:  You will find many a Montrealer who swears by Santa Lucia's pizzas, pasta dishes and Italian sausages, however for the prices charged the food's quality is not something to write home about (but worth a Yelp review!).  Pizzas and calzones are cooked in a stone hearth / oven which gives them an added dash of flavour (watch out, sometimes these are made "more-oily-than-necesarry") and some pastas are even made from scratch.  Dishes are served hot, and Santa Lucia makes a great carrot cream soup.Santa Lucia is best for pickup and for when no other places remains open - its quaint charm is slowly fading (along with the paint) however due to lack of up keep.Note: It is located directly adjacent to the Che Pare strip club and La Boom nightclub.  Just though you should know!Worth a try when time allows :O)
4	What can you say about Santa Lucia? The place is a dive a gigantic dive in need of the greatest restaurant makeover conceivable. The carpet is so old, they don't vacuum it, the mop it. The tables and chairs are probably older than me. The wait staff is comprised of grandmothers. The pizza guys often stink. There are really old wine bottles in rattan baskets hanging on the ugly walls. The ceiling is a total loss. The whole place says "DO NOT EAT HERE"But you will anyway. Why? They serve what is probably the greatest old-school thick, hot, delicious, cheesy, meaty pizzas in Montreal. Bonus? All baked in one of the rare brick wood ovens left in Montreal. The pastas pretty tasty to. Old school Italian wedding soup. If the 3 cheese pizza doesn't make you want to kick your head back, roll your eyes and let out a huge sigh of orgasmic contentment, then hit the Bolognese pizza, meat sauce, onions, bacon, cheese and a guaranteed mindblowing experience.The place is awesome in its shittyness. But it doesn't stop people from pilling in since 1967. If you show up at 12h05 on a weekday, you're shit outta luck because the place is packed, half the tables already reserved. Try to show up at the very latest 20 minutes before noon. Service is fast and polite. Prices are cheap when compared to the awesomeness you'll be hovering faster than a porn star... well you get the point.
4	Classy? No. Fashionable? No. Authentic? YES! Hearty Italian food, just like Mama makes it. Great value for money.PS: The 'wood oven' (sauna?) is really a brick oven that's wood-fired! And thank you for that - most excellent pizzas!
4	Santa Lucia loses one star because of the atmosphere + interior. I read good reviews before I went with my boyfriend but hesitated to enter because of very old looking sign and exterior..We went in, and there was one table of customers. Very not impressive. We stayed because we were tired of looking around for restaurants and hungry for Italian food.We ordered seafood fettuccine with white sauce and Hawaiian pizza. It was very authentic and we LOVED it ! Both dishes were very rich in flavours..!Seafood pasta actually had lots of seafood in it! Some calamari, many mussels, crab meat. It was very creamy and we ate every drop of the sauce with the bun that were given.Pizza was GREAT. Thin dough, rich flavourful tomato sauce, sweet pinapples and ham. Other table ordered two pizzas and it looked like the pizza was packed with meat! It looked very good.Service was not bad. I would give this place 5/5 if they changed the exterior and interior  .. to dull and old fashioned.However! GO HERE! TRY THERE AUTHENTIC FOOD! It was so great that my boyfriend and I barely talked to each other while having late lunch :D We kept saying...      wow..... wow.. it's so good.. wow...  :) Price was around 25 dollars I think. which is not bad at all.You won't regret it. Go. Now.
3	I think the other reviews' take on the decor is a bit much.  it's a basic red checkered tablecloth beneath plastic Italian restaurant.  It was clean if tacky, but hardly worth mocking. the staff was very pleasant.  Eggplant parm and spaghetti bolognese were decent.  the pizza was so-so with crust that was not as crisp as you'd like from a wood burning brick oven.  good place for kids.
2	An Italian dive on Stanley St. In Montreal. Will let you know how that goes. The pizza is cooked in a "wood oven" and just arrived and looks pretty damn fine. The pizza was good but not great. Returned a week later to have Veal Limonene, but that was disappointing.
4	Delicious food. They give amazing warm buns to start. We had the gnocchi and the pesto pizza which were both delicious. We know our tomato sauce and this was one of the best we've tasted. Definitely worth a visit. Very friendly service and we had arguably the quickest service at a restaurant we can remember (granted we were earlier than the dinner rush). The decor is a touch dated but if your looking for some delicious food this is an excellent destination.
3	Ok,ok, not fancy, so what...We went here to some comfort Italian. No it's not al dente, and no there's no olive oil with balsamic vinegar...The pasta, is cooked, the sauce is full of flavour, even the cream sauce is well salted. There is nothing bland and subtle about this place. And I like it that way.All pretence is thrown out the window, all you get is a solid meal at good deal. They have a pizza oven so the pizza crust is done well here. The tortellinis are a little tough and over cooked. The other pastas even though not al dente work we'll with the sauce. I was surprised at how fast I ate it all up, it was tasty.
5	Went with the family after looking for a place with a wholesome meal at a reasonable price.  The pizza was good here but the pasta dishes, both Veal and Seafood, were great.  The Sol dish was very surprising.  Service was quite good too, for just 2 people on the evening we went.  Would definitely come here again.
3	Good thin crust pizza. Fresh, tasty with a nice chew to the crust. Bump it to five if the place had a major overhaul...run down with years of diy renovations.
4	We happened to walk by this place while exploring Montreal during our first visit...and the gentlemen outside really encouraged us to check it out. So we returned later for dinner and we were not disappointed! We were blown away by the delicious & authentic flavors. The spaghetti bolognese was hearty, flavorful & authentic...plentiful, very satisfying. The caprese & house salad wonderful, and you have to try the garlic bread, delish! Yes the decor is outdated, but so what! It's the food that makes this place a must try..and prices are reasonable. Staff is friendly too. We've had Italian in San Fran and Boston...now we've found a new gem that's right up there with the best!
2	Based on some of the reviews I expected the food to be better.  Went here last night looking for a great meal.  I'd call it average. No homemade bread and the shrimp in the fettuccine were from a can.  Definitely disappointed.  Finally, the decor could use some updating which is easily forgiven if the food is great, but not the case.
4	I often hesitate to order pasta at an Italian restaurant, thinking that I could easily do a decent pasta job at home myself. And then I had Santa Lucia's linguini alle vongole with white sauce. I take my food reviews seriously so believe me when I say nobody... yes... nobody in Montreal could make pasta sauce that unforgettable. It just has that 'wow' factor that makes you start planning your next trip before you even finish the dish. Proof: I've been going there and ordering the same dish in the last five years. So there, 'nuf said.PS: the place looks like someone's outdated living room, so if 'hip' is what you're looking for, this isn't it.
4	Location: In the heart of downtown, tucked away on Stanley between Rene-Levesque and Ste-Catherine. The hipsters haven't invaded this place yet so don't expect anything fancy - the decor probably hasn't been updated since the place opened. It's very mom & pop but that's part of its charm.Food: I always have their pizza - no complaints here. They make it in their wood oven and offer a variety of toppings. The pizzas are cooked to perfection with just a hint of crisp on the outer edge of the crust, the tomato sauce is bursting with flavor yet not at all acidic, and well, the pizza is just damn good. What else do you need to know?  Service: It's pretty good though can be slow when they're busy. If you plan to stop by for lunch during the work week, get there before Noon. Price: Very reasonable compared to other restaurants in the downtown core.
2	I found this place by accident, walking past it last week while a guy stood out front in a suit and told me everything I didn't want to know about it. So ventured back there this week, and there he was, still trying to pull them in.Waited WAY too long to finally order. Kind of had to wave my arms to get some attention. The bread isn't bad at all. The minestrone was mostly vegetable soup. Also not bad, but not what I've come to expect from minestrone. The spaghetti Napolitano was a bit greasy, and the sauce was very thick. Overall it was not a wonderful meal. The waitstaff were very nice, once I'd gotten their attention. I really wanted to like this place, but eh. I might swing by on the next trip and try the pizza I've heard so much about. But there are a LOTTA choices in the area.
5	very good pizza and pasta!
2	Ate there tonight. Took quite awhile to be waited on. Manicotti was good, fish was overcooked but okay. Only complaint was the service. Asked four times for water and never got it.
3	3,5 stars... Pretty decent Italian restaurant, but a bit annoying. The same as other reviews, we found this place while walking and we were stopped by a man who told us about their 5 star chef and stories of how people love it from all over... So we went in after walking through the rest of the neighborhood. Compared to other restaurants in the neighborhood, this one is actually pretty cheap. The menu is semi-authentic with some really interesting Italian specialties. We started off with a small Caesar salad, which for $7, or so, it was tiny. Enough to start off one person's meal. But it was served on a heart plate, which was kind of them. Service, not too shabby. From other reviews, though, they say that it took forever. Not for us, since we came at around 6 or so for dinner. The woman, who must have been the owner('s wife) was very friendly and recommended some options for us to try. She was also bilingual in what must have been three languages, which was also really special. The main courses where quite small, but we're filling. The pasta with clam sauce was not what I had expected. I pictured the sauce to use a bit of a wine reduction with olive oil for a transparent look and a liquid texture. This was just an Alfredo sauce, very creamy. It didn't make the pasta flow like it used to. Also, they must be quite clever because with such a creamy texture, it's hard to identify what is in your dish. I couldn't tell there were clams in there. There seemed to be only a few, which was disappointing. The lasagna, which the guy had front said people raved about, was tasty, but not the most amazing thing on the menu. Most of their pasta dishes start with a vodka based sauce. The lasagna had all of the key components and had a delicious taste. Small, but appetizing. The cannelloni was also very good. Possibly the best dish out of the three. Decor, checkerboard tablecloths, cheap chairs. If you want a good meal, come here, if you want an outstanding meal, go somewhere else.
5	They have everything you need :) reasonable pricing + a creative and interesting menu with various options + a 5 star chef to get you the best quality of the meal + and the best part: The Golden Wood Oven ;)
3	Santa Lucia overall was a surprisingly pleasant experience considering when we sat down we were literally the only people in there, no music was playing and the staff were all gathered round the bar at the back of the restaurant hoping the manager would call it a night. The decor is far from a trendy, dimly lit trattoria but there is a certain 'charm' about the place especially after a drink or two. Our waiter was pleasant and chatty, the god father drink was delicious,  good bread and pasta. There were a a couple of unidentifiable items in our seafood appetizer which I would not recommend.This place would be a good choice for a group of friends wanting affordable and decent Italian before a night out but not a place for a romantic dinner or impressing parents.
4	We came into the restaurant as a group of twelve after one of us recommended it. When I first walked in, the decor immediately struck me as the very old fashioned Italian restaurant (checkered table cloths, brick oven, wooden bar, etc.) We were quickly seated and served water. The menu is everything you expect from an Italian restaurant (pizzas, calzones, pasta, veal, etc.) Most of us ordered pizzas and pasta, but I ordered the risotto. Prices were reasonable (my three course meal was less than $20). The appetizers came quickly. My green salad was simple. The garlic bread was also pretty good. The main dishes came soon afterwards. My risotto was very delicious with exactly the right texture and flavour. I got a tasty tiramisu for dessert. Service was very friendly. The owner was very friendly (acting like the italian grandmother I never had), joking with us, and making sure that we were all well served. In fact, one of my friends who eats very slowly was teased jokingly by her. The owner gave her a slice of cake on the house. Overall, restaurant recommended and definitely coming back.
