2	Went there to get my husband's ring re-sized. There were 3 people working and they were all around the same customer. We didn't even get acknowledged for the first 5 minutes. Lady who is helping us starts speaking to a coworker, about a change in the schedule, right in the middle of helping us. Very unprofessional. Then they ask for our email to notify us, and we ask if they could call us, the lady says yes. I called them 3 days after our promise day and asked if the ring is ready because no one called to notify us. She starts arguing with me on the phone that they never call people, they only send email. Ok lady, can you tell me if the ring is ready.....? Yes, it is ready. Ok, what are your opening hours tomorrow? She didn't know exactly.... How can you work somewhere and not know the opening hours? When we went to pick up the ring, same story, waited for 5 minutes until finally got acknowledged. They don't say hello when you come in, that is very unprofessional in my opinion. Even if you are busy, at least greet the customer and tell them that you will assist them shortly. Anyway, long story short, this place is in serious need of a customer service training.
4	Ask for Danae, she is extremely helpful, down-to-earth and can hone in on what you need/want for your special day. My fiance and I are very happy with purchasing our wedding bands from here and definitely appreciate the help of Danae and the rest of the staff!
1	My boyfriend bought me a bracelet from another location, went here today to get my bracelet resized.  After pulling up my boyfriend's info, the salesman tells me I have to buy another warranty to get it resized even though  in the computer that there were 2 transactions that my boyfriend made (1 for the bracelet and another for the warranty). And even after I told them that's not what he was told when be purchased the bracelet, he still insisted I buy the warranty. When I called the Kay customer Service, they confirmed that I have the warranty needed. DON'T ever come here. They'll lie and cheat just to get some sale. I've been a Zales customer for at least 5 years now, I've never had any inconvenience with them. going back to the store where my boyfriend got my bracelet to return this. I refuse to support businesses that don't care for their customers, and just focused on sales.
1	Worst service I ever received. We purchased our engagement rings and weeding band and other pieces over the time.. I got really good service on the sale, my issue is I just went just for the regular inspection every 6 months, this young girl at the fashion shaw mall location was so rude, she couldn't find the information.. I was watching her.. Over 10 mins she doesn't know how to use the computer... I didn't say anything just for bring educated.., she washed my rings without my consent .. And told me to come back another time with my original receipt.. I told her ' are you serious ?! .. I had the period inspection slip.. Not enough for her.. She said we could talk to her assistant manager which she was right next to her.. But she said we cannot talk to her now because she was busy.. I'm thinking .. Is this real??? Her assisting manager saw our frustration and the long waiting  and didn't tried to assist ... Like she wasn't there... I made a trip over there for nothing ...We are closing our account and never spend a cent with this company again... Don't waste money on poor with companies like this one... There are ALOT of smaller companies who will do a better job.
1	I don't even wanna give one star!I went there 2weeks ago to re-size my ring which is my husband get for our 1st anniversary.I gave my wedding band to her to size it n I wanna re-size exactly same size with my wedding band. Cuz i was confused my size. Then she size my wedding band.. She said it's 5 1/2 and I sign the paper.. N they didn't call me until today..  But We stopped by there today cuz we went to fashion show mall to get the gift for our friends.. It was already there .. But nobody call me.. Anyways I was happy to get my ring back.. When i try it , it was still big on my finger n even bigger than my wedding band.. So I asked her to size my wedding band again.. They said it is 5 and 1/4! N they said if i want make smaller i need to pay another $45! So it's gonna be $90 total.... I talked to sales woman whose name is MONICA I said I want exactly same size with my wedding band n she size front of me n told me it's  5 1/2.. Why I need to pay for her mistake? Than she talked to me with very very rude face It's not her fault. I sign on this paper with 5 1/2 so That's my fault! OMG! I said i told I want exactly same size with my wedding band.. N she didn't size my wedding band well.. I signed on the paper cuz She sized front of me n I trust her( I thought she is professional) she just blame on me n keep talking document showing 5 1/2! ( cuz she wrote the wrong size!) What kind of saleswoman is!!??She doesn't even say sorry n keep showing stupid face to us n just walk away!! Haha!It doesn't matter I pay $45 or $90! At least she shouldn't show us that bad attitude! I'm not your friend or family lady!I will contact with kay service center tomorrow for sure!! Talk about this terrible n horrible MONICA's service today!I really hope she can read this!
