4	My Dad and Stepmom came into town and decided to stay in a hotel that was nearby our house.  The Doubletree behind SouthPark Mall was the closest and it seemed like a safer area than some hotel choices on Independence.  Plus, they offered very reasonable rates (I think it might have been $89/night) compared to other similar hotels and for the more upscale SouthPark area.   After checking in, they were even more surprised and excited to be staying there.  The hotel only has suites!  For that great price, they were given a one-bedroom suite, so it was like a small apartment for them rather than a hotel room.  They had a living room area, a mini kitchen, bedroom, and bathroom.  The decor was nice and everything seemed very clean.  Plus, they were within walking distance of SouthPark Mall, so we could enjoy The Cheesecake Factory without even moving the car (parking is a bit limited in their small parking deck that's near the hotel entrance).  They'll definitely be staying there the next time they're in town, and the proximity to the SouthPark area and our house is very convenient!
3	It's ok.  I found my room service to be kind of inconsistent.  Sometimes I had an awesome maid who folded my towels really nicely, and other times I couldnt find the shower floor mat that is usually provided.I like that they only have suites though! It's nice to have a kitchen and a living room.  I stayed here for almost 5 weeks for work.  I found that some of the rooms were nicer than others.  I love my warm cookie everytime I go, and plus a lot of people get the free breakfast buffet.  The location is really nice since it's right next to a mall, and you can walk to macys in 2 minutes.
3	It's ok.
1	This review is not  to rate the hotel for an overnight stay, but a group dinner event that I attended there.  First of all, the parking deck of the hotel is terrible. It is dark and creepy and not well designed at all.  While it may be difficult/expensive to tear down and re-build the deck, at a minimum, the hotel could at least put excellent lighting in there to help improve the situation.Second, the overall layout of the hotel is very odd and it is not easy to find the ballrooms in the crazy maze of the building's footprint. It is one of the worst hotel designs I have ever seen. Again, this would be difficult to correct without great expense, but at a minimum the hotel could do a better job with providing signage and having staff posted at various points  throughout the hotel. Thirdly,  while we were in the ballroom for our dinner meeting , the lights kept flickering and the room itself felt dingy and old. Dinner was not great, we were served a pasta dish with chicken, which is ok as long as you are not allergic to gluten.  When the person who cannot eat wheat/gluten asked the server for a dish without pasta,  she was brought a "naked" chicken breast - just a plain piece of chicken on a plate with nothing else - no salad, no vegetables, no nothing.  We found this to be bizarre and totally unprofessional.  A "full service kitchen" with "professional chefs" should be well equipped and completely prepared to handle special food requests as food allergies and other dietary restrictions are very common these days. When we were leaving the event and going back to the parking deck, as soon as we exited the rear of the building, we were actually accosted by a "pan-handler" looking for money.  Definitely not what one expects to encounter in the Southpark area.  I do realize that crime happens everywhere, but the way this hotel is laid out and the weird deck situation seems to attract this sort of  unsavory occurance. Overall, I would not recommend hosting any special events here, and based on the creepy parking deck alone, I would not recommend this place to out-of-town guests. I think that if I am invited to any future events here, I will decline to attend.
3	An older property in the South Park area of Charlotte, which has been updated somewhat(bedding, etc) but could use some more. Staff is always nice and friendly...although breakfast in the cafe can be an exception. A little chaotic sometimes...Good price/value for the area of town it's in. I look forward to my next visit.
4	I really enjoyed this hotel.  I had a king one bedroom suite so the living room was seperate from the bedroom with a full kitchen as well.  (I am only docking one star as the walls were a little thin and I could hear my neighbors.)  I also had a generous-sized private patio area.  It was nice to be able to leave the door open and enjoy some fresh air for once in a hotel room.  However, I did spy a little field mouse outside so if you are on the bottom level you might want to monitor how long you leave to door open!  I will be back for work in a couple of months and I plan to stay here again!
1	Probably the worst hotel I've ever stayed in.  The only way it could've been worse was if there were bed bugs.A bunch of us stayed here for a conference, and I wish we had done a little more research and opted to stay at the numerous better options nearby (Renaissance, Marriott).  The lobby is relatively nice and doesn't really represent the rest of the hotel.  Upon arrival at my room, I noted how large it was - bigger than most NY apartments.  However, that was the most positive part about it.  The kitchen was so old; the fridge smelled and the wall socket barely worked.  When I went to plug in the fridge, the socket went into the wall.  The beds were okay, but I couldn't sleep my first night due to the incessant flushing of the toilet.  I just ended up shutting off the water to the toilet, then having to turn it on in the morning.  How had this not been fixed or noticed by housekeeping?Worst of all was the fire alarms being set off by a storm.  Granted it was a strong storm, but it should not cause alarms to go off.  This required all guests to leave their room and the fire department to come and shut it off.  After speaking to some staff, this has apparently been a consistent problem; a problem no other hotels in the area have.I know Yelp! has the rule where you aren't supposed to review based on second-hand experiences, but my other colleagues who stayed here reported roaches in the bathroom and other non-paying bugs in the room.1 star for being the worst hotel in recent memory.  Stay elsewhere, especially at these rates.  I did notice that they are attempting to refresh rooms, so maybe this may change, but as of right nowUnsubstantiated note:  There may or may not have been a prostitution ring busted here a few years ago.
3	We stayed there as a group of "girls" on a weekend to South Park Mall.  You can not beat that location as the parking lot backs up to Macy's and you can walk to the mall and a variety of restaurants.  The hotel itself is all suites which is perfect for a group of people on a weekend excursion.  2 large bedrooms and baths and full kitchen and living room.  It's been updates somewhat since my last visit 3 years ago and was very clean.  The staff is very friendly.  My only complaint was that they should warn you if your room is above the ballrooms; there was a wedding going on and it was so noisy we could hear them announce the bride and groom.  Yes it stopped by 11pm like they said at front desk but there was no rooms avail to move us to.  Oh well got free breakfast thrown in cause of it so at least they cared.
4	I really didn't have any complaints.  The room very nice as well as the hotel in general.  Plenty of parking was available.  The bar was cozy and the restaurant had a nice breakfast in the morning.
4	Stayed here on business in late August 2012. FREE COOKIE UPON ARRIVAL! Yes, I can be bought as long as the currency is cookies. For real though, the place was clean and the beds were extra comfy. The rooms wound around like a big labyrinth and I got lost more than once. I was glad to find HBO on channel 14 so I could watch the season finale of True Blood - don't judge me! I totally had intentions of using the gym - packed my sports bra and everything - but never made it there. If I had time or money to spare, I would have walked across the street to the massive South Park mall. I was a bit peeved that I was misled to believe that they had a free continental breakfast and ended up paying $11 the first morning. I got late checkout on the last day so I was able to hang out in my room until 2 PM, although the maid kept knocking and entering several times before then - once when I was in the shower. There was also no airport shuttle, as I had hoped for and when I requested a cab, they called a Towncar that cost me $45, but made me feel kind of important. BOTTOM LINE: Nice place, no perks - with the exception of FREE COOKIES!
4	I've stayed in a lot of hotels over the years. I've stayed in some Doubletrees and usually come away much less than impressed. Then I stayed here.The rooms, the suite we had, was enormous. Large living room with a small wet bar and fridge. Huge L shaped desk. Large television and a nice little balcony with two chairs and a table. The bedroom was just as large as the living room. The bed was comfortable but not outstanding, the linens and pillows however were wonderful. The only somewhat critical comment I would make about the room is that I think, given the large proportions of the other rooms, the bathroom was small. With that much space they should have built stand up showers. That said, the generous sized tub made showering simple and pleasant. The low water flush toilet sounds like a jet taking off but unless one spent all the time flushing toilet I can't see how that matters. During our stay we never heard noise from other rooms of the hall.The real surprise was the staff. The staff was much better than I ever would have expected from a Doubletree. From the desk staff to housekeeping they were all friendly, pleasant and very helpful. The staff in the bar and restaurant were also delightful. All of these people helped make my stay in Charlotte very pleasant.The next time I am in Charlotte I would definitely stay at the Doubletree Suites again.
3	Nice renovated Doubletree property.  Lobby is fairly spacious, and check-in was without incident (though I always wonder why it can't be faster, since I had a reservation and they are expecting my arrival.) Suite rooms are huge, with a living room and wet bar/ kitchenette area (microwave and fridge in mine, though I know there are rooms with stoves too, which I declined).  Room smelled a bit of smoke...this is the 2nd "non-smoking" hotel room in the past month i've been in to have the lingering smoke smell that ravaged my throat.  Hotels need to improve their ventilation systems so that smoking rooms and areas do not contaminate non-smoking rooms and areas.  Other yelp reviews say this hotel has no perks...untrue, as I got a cookie upon check-in, free wifi, and a voucher for free breakfast.  Breakfast is buffet-style, though they did cook eggs for me upon order, since I don't like scrambled eggs that have been sitting on a buffet.Parking...could be improved, as the options were to park in tiny spaces parallel to the building but far from the door, or in a creepy dark parking deck.  I opted to squeeze into a spot and walk awhile to get to the door (unsecured before 11pm, which made me uneasy) and another few minutes hiking to my room down several long hallways.  The layout of this place is a bit confusing, there are elevators that only access some floors, and the hallways are long and have lots of turns.Convenient for me since my company has an office right across the street, and I also had meetings nearby.
5	My mother and I, we decided to go to Charlotte for Thanksgiving, to see my sister, and her infant son.  We also had her 2 dogs coming back with us.  I also have 2 dogs of my own.  Because of their age and need(s), we do not take them to the vet anymore, unless under extreme circumstance.  So we decided to do a road trip with all four dogs!  This was a first for us, and believe it or not, my 2 dogs as well.So the first things first- finding a place that allows pets (that weigh about 40lbs a piece).  Then trying to find a place near my sister.  We had to choose between the courtyard and the doubletree.  Same location, but the doubletree was only $89 a night compared to the Courtyard's $132 a night!  Mind you, this is during the holidays as well!  We only had to pay a $50 non-refundable pet fee too!My dogs are sweet, but can get grumpy.  We let them loose in the backyard, so we don't take them on walks often.  With that being said, they like barking at children and women (OK, only one of them does that, the other just burrows her head in your crotch).  So bringing them through the lobby was out of the question...Thankfully parking is around back, (mind you, this place is literally across the street from South Park Mall, I mean by like 100 feet from Macy's entrance) and we were able to get them in and out with minimal damage.  The parking spots were somewhat slim (I kept my car at my sister's house, while we traveled around in my mom's Escape), which was pretty much the only downside to the stay.It was weird being in the elevator with my dogs for the first time. I mean they are each 11 and they are just now experiencing this!  Thankfully, they did well. When we got to the room, I was amazed at how large the room was.  It was a 1BR suite (which was actually previously 2 rooms combined into one)- with 2 queens, and a sofa bed.  I took the sofa bed and the kitchen area, one dog took one bed, the other shared with mom.  Space here was perfect.  I still couldn't believe it was only $89 a night!!!Everything was clean in the room, and as you would expect from around a 3 diamond hotel.  But the staff all around and the cleanliness really set it apart from other hotels of that type.They also have a pool, and a Hertz rental center as well.  Overall in general, this place has a lot of space.  So I never felt cluttered.This is one of the best hotels I have stayed at for the price, and location, and what they have to offer.  I will def come back here if I bring my pets, and hell, maybe for that fact, even if I don't!!!
4	My family stayed here for our family reunion. There were about 135 of us. The hotel was great at servicing us all. I especially loved the fresh baked cookies. I had stayed at a DoubleTree a few years ago, but I was not this impressed. The rooms were clean, nicely decorated and quite spacious.We visited the pool everyday we were there. It was a little two small for the size of the hotel. I also think they need a baby pool.
3	Let me start off with all the good things about this hotel. The room was spacious. living room, kitchenette with bar and microwave. Bedroom and bath. The balcony overlooked the pool. Everything was spotless and in it's place. The breakfast was served just off of the bar and it had a cold side, which came with the room. The hot side of the buffet was an extra $3 dollars? Why bother. The place was pretty big, as our room was, (no kidding) a block from the elevator! When we went to our room with our luggage. There was a tray at someone's door. It stayed there for more than 24 hours! We had housekeeping come to replace a burnt out bulb and he had to pass it twice as he had to come back. It was still there after out room was looked at the next day. When I say looked at. We had the door open and pollen was all over the carpet. Still there. The bed was made, but they left us only one towel and no toiletries. We didn't steel the one's that were there. But we had taken two showers each and there was no more shampoo. I called house keeping for more towels and I had to leave a message. When we came back I called the front desk and they were more than happy to bring some up. Now the pool was gorgeous. When I saw it. I jumped into my suit and ran the block and half to get there. Until I realized it was 40 degrees in the water and 80 outside. So much for that. The property couldn't be in a better local. Next to two great malls and you have the pavilion next door. I would definitely come back here as you get a lot for your money. Housekeeping just needs to pay more attention to what they are doing.
4	My family and I stayed here recently when we were attending a family Bar Mitzvah in the Charlotte area.  We stayed in a suite which had two double beds, a pull out couch and small wet bar with fridge.  The size of this place was bigger than most apartments in midtown Manhattan.  It was clean, spacious and had a balcony (which we did not venture out on) -- the room was basically at street level (just up a hill from street level), and although we felt space, it was a bit unsettling having a balcony accessible from someone walking by on the street.The swimming pool was really very nice, but it was quite COLD -- even though we had 80's weather all weekend long.   Apparently the pool is NOT heated and did not benefit from the warm atmospheric temperatures either.  We were told that the pool would have been closed for the season, but they had a stretch of nice weather so they decided to keep it open, which is all well and fine, but if it's not warm enough to enjoy the water, what's the point?!The only other gripe is the parking, or lack there of when there is an event going on in the hotel.  The hotel blocked off areas where we could not park while a wedding was taking place.  We found parking, but the fact is other hotel guests may not have.  I understand the need for saving parking for event guests, but it would have been nice if they had sufficient parking for all without having to trade off between giving event goers and guests of the hotel a choice.Otherwise, the hotel is convenient to the South Park Mall, the Symphony Shell next door, Shalom Park and Downtown Charlotte.  And there is a Hertz rental car on-site at the hotel.
4	Friendly and helpful staff; answered all my questions and took good care of me. Nice room with mini-kitchen and pet friendly. This is my second stay here in Charlotte and Id recommend this place!
4	I enjoyed my stay at the Doubletree hotel. It wasn't absolutely amazing, but it was nice, the location was decent, and I was comfortable. The Good:1) The beds- They were soooo comfortable! I don't usually sleep well in new places, but I had no problem at this hotel. I'm sure part of it was that I was so worn out from being out all day, but the rest was because the beds were great. I like a soft mattress and fluffy pillow, and that's exactly what I got. The sheets were soft and comfortable, also.2) The gym- The machines weren't the absolute newest models, but they worked well and served  their purpose. They had TV screens, and there is another large TV in the gym with a remote. There were 3 treadmills, 2 ellipticals (not quite ellipticals, but I don't remember the name of the machine), 1 bike. There are also numerous weights and 2 cable machines. There's also a water machine and free earphones. I was the only person in the gym each time I went, around 8 am.3) Rooms- Overall I liked my room. The bathrooms were a good size, as was the living room and kitchen. I don't have any real complaints except that my patio wasn't clean. But there was so much pollen I wasn't going to sit outside anyway.4) Safety- I walked through my patio to get to the gym. The patio door doesn't have a lock so I left it unlocked, and never had any issue with anything being taken from my room (thankfully). 5) Breakfast- Good! Loved the French toast and the omelets were great. The So-So:1) Location- It really depends on what you're looking for. We were right beside Southpark mall, which was great. If you're looking for shopping, this is the place. Other than the mall, there was a DSW, Barnes & Noble, and countless other stores and shopping centers. There were also many restaurants and sidewalks for walking instead of driving. The houses are nice, so it was great to look at the different styles and some of the really nice yards.2) The pool- It's nice there was one, but it wasn't open when I went. 3) The outdoor area is beautiful. The tables are nice (but I didn't sit outside) and the landscaping is pretty. There was just soooooo much pollen, I wasn't ready!4) Service- The man I dealt with (his name started with an S, I don't remember. But he was dark-skinned and a little older) was really nice and always helpful. I had my own room one night, then was going to stay with my parents the next night. They weren't arriving until the evening, but the hotel allowed me to check in to my parents' room. I really appreciated it. 5) Cleanliness- There was a lot of dog hair in my parents room, and I saw it all over my sisters when they woke up. They called housekeeping to vacuum it but no one ever came. The first room  I stayed in was fine.The Bad:1) Layout- I know that layout of a hotel isn't really a consideration when choosing a hotel, but it made a difference here. I came in with a lot of luggage, so it was awful having to make the long walk from the lobby to my room. When I say it was a long walk, I mean it was really long for being in a hotel.2) Luggage carts- Only the wheels on one end of  the luggage cart will spin, so it was really hard to navigate the halls and get from place to place with the carts.3) Housekeeping staff- They were in the halls before 9 am just carrying on like it was the middle of the day. They were really loud, so I'm glad I was already up or they surely would have woken me up. I'm sure that people in the nearby rooms weren't pleased. They also knocked on  the door at 830. I know they do cleaning in the morning, but that early? That's just never happened to me before, nobody's ever come to my room before 10 in other hotels. 4) Parking- There wasn't much parking. Well, there was some parking, just not enough. During the middle of the day there wasn't a problem, but if you come back to the hotel after 9 expect to have to search for an adequate spot. I say adequate  because while you'll find about 5 spots on the lower levels, there will be a double-parked large SUV that prohibits anyone from getting those spots.5) Not all the service was good. There is a younger woman (I don't remember her name, but she was (appeared) white with straight dark hair and likes to sit outside and smoke) who works at the counter who wasn't really that interested in helping me, and didn't really help my parents. First, my parents reserved a 2 room suite with one king bed and 2 queen beds, and ended up with 2 king beds and ended up stuck with it because there were no 2 room suites left. Second, my parents reserved the room with breakfast included and the woman didn't believe them. They got their breakfast passes, but still. 6) Location (again)- If you want to do  things downtown/uptown/whatever, don't stay here because it's about a 15-20 min drive.
5	This hotel was perfect for what we needed. We have three little kids who goo bed earlier than their parents, so we need a suite. Our suite had two real bedrooms, a living room area, and a kitchenette. Perfect!  The staff was excellent. Very kind, efficient, and helpful.  We ordered room service and our server, Kelly, was great. He even called to follow up and make sure we were happy with our meals and if we were in need of anything else.  The courtyard was lovely, as was the pool.  We will definitely stay here again the next time we are in Charlotte!
3	Great location but in need of refurbishment.  The two room suites are spacious and the furnishings are good.  The bath seems very small given the size of the rooms. A full kitchen is nice if you need it.  The room seemed gloomy with poor lighting.  There were lots of outlets in inconvenient locations.  The windows and patio door were damaged and hard to open. The HVAC did not seem to do anything but blow air.  The electronic door lock always required two or three tries to operate.  Elevators made grinding noises but worked.  Parking is the big problem.  There are some surface spaces and a small garage with spaces marked like they were for motorcycles.  The Wifi was very problematic.  I am not sure if is is included.  We were given a promotion code but had to revalidate every time I opened my iPad.  US hotels need to learn that Wifi should be included and easy to use.
3	While I loved how spacious the suites are, and thought the layout of the room and the wet bar was done well, there is definitely room for improvement.The bathroom is lacking towel racks, it's small, and it needs an upgrade. The room I was in had noticeable crumbling around the tiles in the bathroom. Night font desk service wasn't very welcoming. I stopped by front desk for plates and instead of being acknowledged I had to make my presence known. Also one day in the morning I called the "Care Line" for an extra blanket and never received one until I came back to my room at night and called again to inquire about the blanket I requested. I also called the "Care Line" for additional Splenda for the wet bar and it took more than 30 minutes for it to be brought up, and that was with an additional call being placed. Other than that, the location is ideal with several shops and restaurants in walking distance.
