5	I love this place.  I took my girlfriend here after dinner to have a glass of wine.  It's a wine bar, why would I not be able to sit down and have a quiet glass of wine.  Right - It's really a bar, but it's a clean bar.  They don't allow people to smoke inside, which is nice when you go home and you don't smell like an ashtray.  They serve wine, and they have some interesting ones by the glass which we had.  I had to control myself and not order the PBR tallboy - my girlfriend hates it when I do that (Come on people - it's an award winning beer!).  They have a really good beer selection (outside of Pabst).  A lot of Belgian beers.  The best part, in my opinion, was the dudes playing acoustic guitar.  Who doesn't like hearing "hit me baby one more time" by a 20-something hipster.  I'm serious here - it was really fun to listen to them play.  I am definitely going back!
4	This is a small little bar with pretty oil portraits hanging from the wall.  We sat on a stool and listened to Cursive while a red light illuminated our faces from the bar.  I liked the old style with Barrels as tables and the couches were a comfortable edition as well.  It's a densely populated little joint. I like this though; it allows you to converse with the people you came with without yelling.
3	We've been here a few times with our NoDa resident friends when visiting Charlotte, and I usually opt for the wine.  But this was a guy's birthday, so we had to go for the easy guy drinks, and when they saw the High Life in the glowing refrigerator case, there was no question of what we'd be drinking.  The joke's on them, however, since it was in fact High Life Light.  What kind of place offers such an eclectic beer selection such that they've got Dos Equis, Negro Modelo, Dogfish, etc, and High Life Light (no, there was no High Life)?  Obviously a wine bar.Coincidentally, there were a few folks who recognized our birthday boy and wished him well, right about the time a cake came out with big fat pink candles in the shape of a 31.  Though it wasn't his cake, it did lend a festive air to the place, and we didn't even have to worry about carting it around.  We tried to convince Tommy to demand a piece, but since he was only getting started, decorum won out.  I do like this place, particularly with the windows open on a somewhat warm spring evening.  I liked the live music, though it made it hard to hear the people next to me.  And they were showing The Soup on the TV behind the bar, which made for some good conversation, at least what I could hear.
1	The bar itself, while lovely and nicely decorated was a total disappointment.   My group of five friends asked if the wines were available by the bottle.  Not once but two times.  The waitress said that they could do that and brought us a nice bottle of red, poured four glasses because one of us was not drinking and then left us for an hour to enjoy ourselves and the conversation.  Upon receiving the bill we were upset to find she had charged us ten dollars a glass for five glasses.  We have bought this bottle before and know that a typical markup on this 16 dollar bottle of wine would be around 30 dollars or even 35.  When we asked the waitress why she charged it that way after we asked for by the bottle, she informed us in the most rude way possible that she did us a "favor" by letting us have the bottle, and that they are a "business" and businesses have to mark up their offerings to pay for electricity and the other things that make the bar work.  None of the women in my group has less than a masters degree and we all know perfectly well how businesses are run.  When she walks away and takes cash, and three cards, she returns change from the cash which she shouldn't have, and informs my friend that they "dont take your card" which was an american express.  I gave her ten dollars more so that my friend would stop turning purple in the face and then the waitress returns once more to inform me that my math was faulty and that I should "try again".  I told her I gave her enough for three people but she returned enough for one.  Needless to say being talked down to by her ruined our experience, and guaranteed her a non-existent tip.   What on earth happened to the southern hospitality that our city once enjoyed?I will not be going to this bar ever again, and I will be informing my other friends of our bad experience.
5	Best pizza in Charlotte and the staff are all super sweet. Perfect for a laid back lunch or a hot date. :) The owner is so sweet! and every other friday the gallery crawls are amazing with DJ MonsterPiece
4	A great place to go for a glass of wine or a sandwich. The wine list is varied with a good balance between familiar names and more adventurous choices. The staff is attentive without being annoying and the new menu is full of tasty sandwiches.
5	Alexis and Irma have created an ever evolving staple in the NoDa community. Originally deemed the world's first biker wine bar, DV has evolved into a quaint little restaurant with the owners having a high wine IQ that translates into a great regular by the glass menu.On Wednesday nights, the bar can fill up with local residents taking advantage of their half price by the glass special.  And Thursdays have blossomed as they serve some of the best sushi in Charlotte.Check them out for lunches too...
5	I have only been here for the wine and music but I love this place.  So mellow and laid back.  Always great people and great wine - go on Wednesdays when wine is half-price.
5	You can't find a more unique wine bar in all of Charlotte... or anywhere on the east coast. It's a great spot to hang out and grab a glass or two of some interesting wines or sample the large beer selection. On Thursdays they have some of the best sushi in Charlotte.Love this place, usually go at least a couple times a week.
5	I have to echo others' reviews and totally agree - this is such a laid back, chill wine bar, in the best way possible. I've been here a few times but more recently for a casual bite and glass of wine. The owners are very, very kind and bend over backwards to ensure that you enjoy your time here. I ordered a delicious glass of Malbec, adequately priced and would be even more intriguing on a Wed. during with their half price glasses of wine! For my meal, I split the Baked Brie - a generous chunk of brie wrapped in a light pastry topped with balsamic and honey. This delectable chunk o' cheese was served with a handful of pita triangles and crackers. It's cheese, it's baked and I mauled it. As for my meal, I went with the Roasted Red Pepper Panini, which was filled with thick sliced of marinated roasted reds and mozzarella. I chose a side of mixed greens instead of chips and was served a mighty large side of salad. The sammie and greens were flavorful and definitely enough to fill me up. Dolce Vita is a great place to take a load off and chill with friends. You can also buy bottles to go, too! I believe they charge 50% of the list price.
5	PBR, half price pizza and great service...enough said. This was the result of my recent visit to Dolce Vita. Went on a weekday around 7pm and the place was just starting to get busy. They had half priced pizza (individual size) and some drink specials too. Great atmosphere for some light food and great drinks. Didn't indulge in the wine choices this time, but will try many of them on my next visit!
3	On Sushi NightI like this place for a few reasons:  it's close to home, it's got a very comfortable feel, their wine selection tends to be reasonable (and taking home a bottle is half-price), and the food is generally above par for the money.  The staff is also very accommodating and usually smiling, which makes the experience that much more pleasant.In some ways, though, Dolce Vita is hit or miss; the crowd varies wildly, it can get crowded, and even when it's not it can be very loud (not something I'm looking for over dinner).  Thursday night is sushi night, and that's primarily when I show up.  It has been a hit or miss experience, largely depending on who's in the back and how creative they're feeling.  Order omakase and sometimes you'll get an interesting roll, octopus, and salmon roe along with the basics, other days you get nothing interesting at all.  The price for a piece of nigiri is very slightly reduced from it would be at, say, Nikko, but the quality is somewhat less, and the variety is drastically reduced.  I'd still rather go to DV, as the atmosphere is more casual, parking is easier, and its hard to feel underdressed.  I don't even have to give up my nigori.Go to Dolce Vita, and particularly on sushi night if you want a delicious atmosphere, casual food, and want someone else to have selected a nice wine for you.
4	Yet another cute little place in NoDa that I somehow didn't know existed.  The hubby and I passed this place while on our way to a different restaurant and we couldn't help but notice the sign that read 50% off pizza.  Mr. P. had pizza on the mind anyway so we decided it would be worth a try.  This place is small but has a fun feel to it.  Keeping to the theme of NoDa they have plenty of local art on display and a few random items (surf board, bicycle, etc) used for decor on the walls.  They offer a mix of seating with a few normal tables, some lounge chairs, and pub tables made from large barrels.  They also have a good sized bar with seating.  If you're starving and looking for a big fancy feast this isn't the place you'll find it.  This is primarily a wine bar with a limited food menu.  However, the personal pizzas, normally priced $5-$7, are delicious and well worth paying only $2.50-$3.50.  What a steal!  The size of the personal pizza is just enough to fill up one person, and I even had room for dessert afterward.The hubby and I each had one glass of wine and both wines were very tasty.  This is a great laid back place to meet up with some friends, relax and have a couple glasses of wine (or whole bottles depending on your prefrence).
4	As soon as i hear wine bar, i think pretentious or some sort of fancy pants place. i don't frequent wine bars so i don't know if that is just a misconception in my head, because this was definitely not the case at Dolce Vita. They lured us in with 1/2 price pizza on the chalkboard on a Tuesday night. Superb little pizzas. Tried the three meat and the veggie like one with red peppers. Both were delicious. Felt obligated to order some wine and it was very agreeable.  It's just a chill spot with mostly wood tables and chairs with an open air feel with the one side open to a few patio tables. There were just a few people around the bar and it was surprisingly loud, but i guess you'll have that when you're serving PBR tallboys. Not uncomfortably loud, but louder than expected with the small crowd. We had a fun little night in NoDa and it all started at Dolce Vita.
5	What took me so long to try Dolce Vita?? I went here last night for Sushi Thursday and was pleasantly surprised with this place Nestled right along N. Davidson, next to Cabo, this was a perfect place to check out when I was wanting a glass of wine and some sushi. I love the casual feel of this place with a decent size bar, cozy chairs and tables. I liked their wine selection, they had about 10 wines to choose from so not an overwhelming selection like some wine bars but just enough to keep me interested. The sushi selection was the same---about eight types to try along with different sides like seaweed salad and such. We went around 10P and our server said since they close at 1130P the sushi guys would be packing up soon so we had to order the sushi right then if we wanted to a roll. I got the Hawaiian Tropic roll and it was heavenly! Topped with mango, avocado and sriracha I was reaching for water pitcher and it was just enough of a portion to fill me up. I can't wait to go back to Dolce again---and I will be claiming one of the comfy seats or couch as mine for the night!
4	I've been hearing great things about Dolce Vita from my friends who live in the NoDa so I've been eager to check it out.  We went on a Thursday night which is known as "Sushi Thursday".  Being a sushi virgin I let my friends order for the table.  I can't tell you exactly what I ate but I can tell you it was delicious!  The service was good...a little too good.  They cleared the sushi before we were quite done.  My friend mentioned it after the fact.  Hind site is 20/20 but he should have spoken up at the time so that great food wouldn't have been wasted!  Laid back & cozy, Dolce is definitely a place I'll go back to visit!
5	I love the location, I love the vibrant Irma Wolfe and Alexis Batista, and the bar scene is an eclectic mix of fun people.  The hip and stylish interior really fits the area and the crowd.The food menu is great, for two or for a big group. Ordering a few things, seeing what you like that night and then ordering another plate or two.  My faves have been the BAKED BRIE it is so yummy and comes with a honey and balsamic glaze on top and the Mediterranean plate love that hummus!  If you are looking for a new place to try, one that you will surely put on  your dining out rotation, this is the place.
5	Dolce Vita is my favorite wine bar in Charlotte. The wine selection is superb, the food is delicious, and the music is fabulous. I love the vibe. You can sip a great glass of wine and people watch, because the bar is open to the buzzing streets of Noda. I really enjoy that Dolce Vita promotes local culture. The walls are decorated with local art, and you can check out great bands or even slam poetry nights. The service is always wonderful too. My favorite night is Wednesday, because they offer half-price glasses of wine. You can try all different varieties for a great value. I had my batchelorette party at Dolce Vita, and the experience was truly great. It is a great venue for a date or girls night out.
5	Location Location Location! Charlotte's great place to have a glass of wine and people watch. Dolce Vita is located in the Queen city best location in town, NODA. Great outdoor seating and good wine selection. Absolutely one of our favorites. 4 thumbs up!
4	Love that this No Da staple is seeing so much love!I don't know my wines very well & that's totally fine! Their 'menu' has very descriptive wording, that makes my wine selection easy!Be careful...this place keeps a steady stream of people! But it's nice & cozy inside, so you won't mind.Oh & sushi on Thursday nights? YES, PLEASE!
5	Having only visited once I can already tell I like this place.  My visit came on a Sunday afternoon and the place was pretty dead.  But to tell the truth I enjoyed that!  They have a great little lounge area in the back corner and my girlfriend and I hunkered down there for a good ol' game of nerdy Scrabble.  Combine that with half price bottles of wine on Sunday and BAM!.....Sweet life indeed!  The owner here was super friendly and very down to earth which made it all the better.
5	LOVE Irma and the staff at Dolce Vita almost as much as the beer and wine! 1/2 price pizza night is always a hit, but anything from the food menu is crafted with love. Only 2 miles north of Uptown, this is a great after-work spot. I've also hosted a LARGE event (80+ people) at Dolce Vita and they were a dream to work with. We've got another group event with them in November and can't wait to introduce more people to this little treasure!
5	Great atmosphere, prices, and service. I had a glass of Lambrusco while they had a live band play in this quaint resturant and it was such an enjoyable experience. I highly recommend this place for a good time with friends or a more casual (but still really enjoyable) date. I will definitely be going back!!!!!!
4	Fantastic spot in the NODA neighborhood! My bf and I visited Charlotte for a convention in September and had the pleasure of finding this artistic wine spot. From the barrel tables to the surfer girl bathroom, this little spot had a California style, and the people were amazing. We had an opportunity to talk with a charming young woman that lived locally and she introduced us to the owner. Check this place out when you're in Charlotte!
4	I like this place. I went with a group social group to this place. The atmosphere is great, [for a non-restauarant] and the food is good.. They have a decent selection of beer. The service wasn't horrible. Although, it looked like they were a bit stretched for serving a large group. If you're on a date, you should go here. The insulation of "upper class"ness [being a wine place] is nice, dim lighting, and the atmosphere is cozy. CONS: They have 2 TVs in this place. If I'm in a place for socializing I rather not have TVs on.
4	Super tiny wine bar with a simple menu. (Cheese plates, pressed sandwiches, flatbreads) But the food was delicious as was the wine! Its super casual, and almost looks like a java or coffee house more than a wine bar (other than the fact that they have a large wine barrel table.) Very causal and minimalist. Not sure I would classify it as trendy. There was only one waitress the night we were there...and she seemed overwhelmed, as she wasn't extremely pleasant. But our overall experience was great and the bill was super cheap...so we'll be back!
5	This is one of our favorite local stops in Charlotte. The service is always right on, the wine choices by the glass exceptional and the owners are sually floating around to say hi, a very nice touch.  We love the chill atmosphere and open air front in the warmer months.If you're interested in a particular wine, they are always helpful in answering your questions and trying to serve what you're looking for.Since they have added food, it's the perfect place for a date or to meet up with a friend. Last time I was there, I enjoyed the hummus, the roasted rosemary almonds and the brie. Everything was awesome and brie might be the best in town. If you are heading to NoDa for a nice evening, this is the place!
1	We sought DVWB out based on the Yelp reviews and were majorly disappointed. We were in Charlotte on business and searching for a great place to grab a glass or two of some decent wine and take it from there. The casualness of the vibe was great but the blaring television at the bar and lack of music of any kind took the cool factor down to zero.As pointed out in another posting, the bartendress's personality was dull-bordering-on-rude and, when we asked for thoughts on the limited selection of white wines, she shared that she doesn't drink white wine. Okaay. So this is a WINE BAR and I need to worry about the drinking preferences of the bartender? I won't go into the maddening details of the exchanges beyond that regarding which wines were already cold and which were warm (after being told that all of the white wines represented by bottles in the open shelves were cold), etc. In the meantime, a pack of cyclists descended on the place, bringing their bikes into the space en masse, leaning them up against shelves, chairs, etc. loudly moving tables around and pretty much taking over the place. Who were these brazen, tight-shorted people? Evidently, the owner and fellow cyclist friends. There was no hint of the welcoming/greeting vibe mentioned in previous posts and, back to the wine recommendation trials, the owner(s) did not step up at any point to help as I bopped back and forth from my seat to the bar to ask if whoever was going to provide a recommendation and/or definitives on cold/warm wine status was available yet.At the end of the day, Dolce Vita came off as an indifferent and entitled pet project.
5	Best kept secret in Charlotte. This wine bar isn't just a great place to sip and lounge, it's also an amazing place to eat! Die and go to heaven while enjoying the baked brie appetizer. Continue with the melt-in-your-mouth turkey & fig panini; then, wash it all down with anything off the wine list or draught beer specials. Don't miss 1/2 off pizza night on Tuesdays: $2.50 for a delicious personal pan! Wednesdays offer half-off wine, and most weekend nights mean live music is the cherry on top of a great experience. Familiar faces, relaxed atmosphere, and consistently yummy: Dolce Vita Wine Bar is most certainly the sweet life.
4	Remember - Wednesday night is half-price wine night...went from with friends last night...good food, but limited menu.  The paninis we had were above avg.Will definitely try again
3	I'd give Dolce 3.5 stars (if it were possible).  I really like the location and the atmosphere is cozy.  I've never eaten at this location other than some hummus and pita chips.  Based on other reviews, I might increase my rating once I sample the fare.  As a wine bar, I'm always happy to stop in to get a glass of red and talk with friends.  At times, I haven't found the servers to be friendly or warm; however, I haven't had any particular problems.  It's just a vibe.  I also wish they would extend their wine list.  As another reviewer commented, there just isn't a lot to choose from.  If you're in the area, I'd definitely stop in, although I wouldn't drive into NoDa just for this venue.
4	I visited Dolce Vita for the first time last night for a friend's birthday. It sorta has blended into the row of bars on North Davidson and I'm glad I broke through the clutter. Not sure how often they do this but last night they had a $20 wine tasting event complete with complimentary apps. Five wines and apps for $20 was pretty spot on. The Sour Grapes presenters were casual and not wine snobs- got to taste a lot of organic little wines varieties. This place has an interesting very NoDa vibe with bikes on the walls and ceiling and a surfer themed women's bathroom (ok that one threw me) but overall a great experience in a great space. Also, they seem to have a great food or wine special nearly every night. 1/2 off pizzas on Tuesday. 1/2 off glasses another day. Check in Foursquare and Yelp for more deals.
4	Very relaxed wine bar in NoDa. It has that gritty, urban-artsy thing that the rest of NoDa has, but an intimate wine bar feel at the same time.There are plenty of tables and several chairs and couches for relaxing with your poison of choice and a long bar that runs the length of one wall. The thing that struck me the most is that, unlike many wine bars, they have not crammed the place full of furniture. There is open space to move around and stand and hang out if you like. The drink menu is decent, with several styles of wine and beer to choose from and usually something nice on special. Our first visit was for a Sunday drink before an appointment at Fu's across the street. It was very quiet and relaxing. Another atypical thing for Charlotte: the TVs were tuned to Indy races, a theme echo in the bathroom decor. A bar in in the QC that isn't just football or NASCAR? What a welcome change!Following the lead of the table near us, we ordered some hummus from the kitchen. Great flavor and their grilled flat bread is pretty addictive!Usually I'm all about the breweries in this neighborhood, but I'll definitely be back to imbibe on the juice at Dolce Vita.
5	This is by far my favorite wine bar in Charlotte. They have a great variety of wines and a very educated staff. The atmosphere is so charming and perfect for a girls night or even a date. Their wine tastings are a great opportunity to be introduced to new wines and to socialize with friends. Not to mention their tasty appetizers and cheese plates. I absolutely love the place!
5	My friend and I stumbled upon this bar after a long drive from SC.  I was in heaven!  The food, the live music, the friendly staff and .. did I mention the wine?!  ah. yes, the wine.  I love a full bodied red and the bartender did a great job at suggesting one for my friend and I.  I was very comfortable here and liked how other guests were welcoming and friendly, too.  It seemed like a local hangout with a warm feeling.  I can't wait to go back!
5	On one of these gorgeous late-winter / early-spring days Charlotte has been enjoying recently, I found myself wandering aimlessly around the neighborhood. Typically, my evenings take me where I'm supposed to be without my having to plan for any cause or direction. I kinda just let the dull rumble of scrolling traffic and chilled breeze of dusklit air guide me... and, inexorably, to Dolce Vita I was drawn. Dolce's "my place", in regards to Charlotte watering holes. It was the first bar I got comfortable in when I moved here. It's the place my friends and I always default to when we don't know where else to go. It's casually cozy, it's subtly artsy, it's predictably fabulous... and it seems no matter what day or time or how empty or how full, there's always this one tattered chair there waiting for me. Around 7pm, on this particular Tuesday night, there was no one there. No one but me. I don't typically drink alone (well, that's not true... I don't typically drink alone in a public place), but Dolce is as much my living room as any other place so it didn't even cross my mind. I strolled in and hunkered down in the middle of the bar, right in front of the primary flat-screen, which tends to run Animal Planet programming about 90% of the time. I watched a promo for the upcoming episode of River Monsters. It just made sense. In due haste, Evan came from the back room behind the bar. He's a handsome bastard; well built with a strong voice. The sorta guy you want to jealously dislike the moment you see him, but then can't help but bro-out with once you're three sentences in. He's a charmer. I ordered a gin n tonic; there wasn't much debate. Evan absconded to fetch a bottle of gin from the store room. Dolce used to be all wine, with some beer. Then the beer offerings swelled. Later, and not at all long ago, they introduced liquor drinks... and things went from here (hand held at neck height) to here (hand extended high above head). It's as if they did it all just for me...I have all these marked moments in my Dolce memory, like the notches of a child's growth against his bedroom doorframe... First it was swilling half-priced reds and laughing with my cronies on the oversized ratty sofa in the back corner. Then it was soulful conversations by the window over glasses of Riesling and pints of oatmeal stouts. On holiday nights it's piggy-back rides and jello shots... or New Year's kisses and tiny squints in small light that capture every flutter of that one girl's batted lashes. Its unfinished cement is a gently rolling ocean beneath my drunken feet. Its flat-barrel tables and thrift store sofa-chairs are my boats and my buoys. Its red walls and spotted ceilings are my searing horizon. When I'm gone, I get found here. When I wanna be deep in the drink, this is where I do it. All the faces are familiar and beautiful. And there's never a story told that you've already heard before. Evan brought me my gin and we started up a chat. He talked to me about the new liquor offerings and what he was trying out for the menu. He spoke to me, enthusiastically, about this roasted beet puree drink he had concocted. I was more than intrigued. "Would it put you out to make one of those right now?" I asked. "I think have enough for just one more," he replied. Sometimes it just all works out. What Evan presented me wasn't a drink so much as it was a journey. Served tall and cold in a wine glass, garnished fancily and fitted to the brim. Roasted beets, blended, with gin, lemon, zest of lemon, and ginger beer on top. At first you get the beets... rich and earthy and simply sweet - but not too sweet - and underneath that you feel the gin, warming your throat from within the cold slush as it swallows down. Then, after you gulp, the ginger rises up through your nose and tickles out like a breathless exhale. My eyebrows raised high. "Wow..." I stammered. "That was quite a process... I just took a trip." Evan nodded. "Yeah, I like to do that double-hit. You get one thing up front, and then something else after." I smiled. "Yup." He started mashing some apples into a bowl. "I got these fresh apples at the market. I'm trying to do something with their juice." He wiped his hands and moved toward me down the bar. "And I got this vanilla-infused honey from a vendor earlier. Wanna try?" I sampled it... it blew my mind. A friend called me for dinner, so I had to cut away. As we ate, I spoke to them of the beet drink and the journey it had taken me on. I managed to convince my crew to swing back by for one quick round after we finished our meal. By 9pm, Dolce was full up with life and light and laughter. Evan was behind the bar, shaker in hands, eyes wide, smiling tall as he broke words and commanded his station. I sidled up. "Figure out that apple drink?" I asked. "That's what I'm making right now." "Bring us three when you get a chance." One round turned into two, three, five... and I sank deep into a spectacular evening.
4	Great food, great ambiance and environment, but poor service last night. Waiter rarely checked on us, forgot to bring us a beer we ordered, so we ended up just asking for the check. I'll still come back, but was disappointed last night.
4	We stopped in here on a Saturday while walking around Noda just to get a drink and hopefully an appetizer. We loved the place, it was small and intimate and lots of light during the day, just a great place to stop for a quick drink. Sadly they didn't start selling food until 5 which was a major bummer. I was hoping for some snack choices. While we were in their drinking another table came in and was able to get an appetizer, when we asked about it they said an employee had come in early so they were willing so serve humus & pita. The humus was fantastic, as were the pita. Humus was nutty with great flavor and texture. I wasn't a huge fan of our waitress as she never came over without being asked but other than that I loved everything about it and can't wait to give it another try.
4	Dolce Vita is a staple here in the NoDa district. If you're bar-hopping through this neck of the woods, this is a stop not to be missed. And don't be fooled by the name, they have beer too! They also apparently have a full service meal menu although I admittedly have not eaten a full meal here before. I typically drop in for a beer or two and something from the tapas side of the menu.I personally love to go for the pita points and hummus or pesto. I often have cravings for this menu item months after coming in here. So they must be doing something right! I like to compliment it with a can of the Stoney's brew. The cheapest and best beer for the price on their menu, if I recall correctly. I'm no wine connoisseur but they have quite the selection. As long as there's a merlot to be had, I'm sold.They've got decor down, by the way. A roll-up garage style door makes the place look like a reno'd loft where somebody once parked their car alongside their living quarters. When the weather is stellar, they'll roll it up and the whole place seamlessly connects to the street outside for that integrated nightlife feel. Just inside the door they're known to have live performances on busy nights. The walls are deco'd with a few hanging bikes - everso necessary for that proper NoDa charm. And the seating is in no short supply from couches to tables to barstools around barrels.
5	I love Dolce Vita! The staff is friendly and the wine selection is great. But the atmosphere is so great. Right in the heart of NoDa. This is the perfect place for a first date or great conversation with friends. I've celebrated many birthdays here and just love the place.The turkey and fig panini is an amazing sandwich as well!
4	Classy little wine bar without the pretentious feel. Small menu items and pizza but kitchen closes at 10 on weekdays.  So far, I've tried the wine, but not the food.  I will be back.
4	Great atmosphere, great wine, great food.  Sometimes has a band or artist playing music which is nice.  Staff is knowledgeable about their wine and food which is always a plus.  It is not too loud so it would be a great meet up place for a date or to see some friends.  Location, location location! NODA is a  great spot for a wine bar like this.  Love that they had a Yelp deal so that I was able to try things for half off.
5	Dolce, I love you! They have amazing bartenders (Paul is the BEST!), a fantastic wine selection and surprisingly great food. I say "surprisingly" because I usually don't expect much from the food that gets sold at bars. BUT, the "Beast From the Middle East" wrap is my go-to sandwich (it has stuffed grapes leave INSIDE THE WRAP, y'all), and their honey-drizzled baked brie is out of this world. Their Sunday morning waffles are insanely good, too. Check this place out, since there seems to be something for everyone here... they even have plenty of beer & mixed drinks for the non-wine folks.
