1	The experiences that I've had at most Buckle stores I've visited have been less than stellar, but this store takes the cake.  On my first time in the store I was immediately accosted by a guy folding shirts who quickly complimented me on my outfit (it's their sales tactic in that store....I've heard the same from several others).  I mean, how much can a presumably straight teenager know about fashion other than it looks cool to waddle around with your pants below your a** and your hat tilted to the requisite 10 degrees with the flat brim.  I browsed for about ten seconds then left because of the high pressue sales tactics I was being bombarded with.  My second outing to the store I actually located a belt I wanted to purchase.  I approached the cash register and there was no one behind the counter.  I looked over to see five employees standing around shooting the breeze.  I decided to play the "how long is it going to take one of these buttholes to notice me standing here" game.  Nearly nine minutes of standing there, catching the eye of two of  the employees during this time, I finally got fed up, walked over to their pow wow and asked if someone could ring me up.  I didn't get any kind of apology for standing there for nine minutes nor was I impressed with the service I was given.  Maybe I was ignored because I don't fall into the 14-17 year old category that mostly frequents their store.  That was the last and final time I will ever be patronizing that establishment.
1	Overpriced possibly a good store for over indulged teens on the loose with their parents credit card.  $150.00 for jeans ok yeah right sorry I  think that is ridiculous I'm too frugal perhaps. I can shop a dept store sale and get for a lot less!
5	I love this store and I am not an teenager with my parents credit card. Matter of fact, I have teenagers. I am also not a size 0!  The staff is always so helpful with the type of jeans I am looking for. I am also not 5"10 so Buckles free alterations are ALWAYS useful! I have washed and worn jeans all to exchange them because the fit sometime changes with washing and wearing. And the icing on the cake is they give Veterans discount!!  In conclusion, this is not just a teenagers store made for spoiled rich kids. I even got my husband to get his jeans there!
1	We went here tonight to try to find a pair of jeans for my husband. He recently decided to do yard work in his only good pair, and it was safe to say that they didn't cut it for going out in anymore. When we got there a very short woman greeted us and started helping us right away. I understand that buckle quality jeans are not cheap, but we told her we wanted to stay under $100. At the buckle in the chandler mall, if you give them a budget they stick to it, here however, the woman helping us kept suggesting jeans over $100 still. I understand they work on commission but she was being rather pushy and too attentive, I would go as far as saying "in your face" type of attention. With my help, and scurrying off away from the person helping us, I found a few contenders, but none of them fit the way he wanted them to. And let's face it, if you're paying $100 for a pair of jeans, you better love them!!The staff at the buckle at the Chandler mall seemed much more helpful without being annoying. We will stick to that one.
