4	They finally corrected this Sam's Club with a much-needed remodeling.  Now it is just like all the other Sam's Clubs with the exception of a gas station, which is a drawback.  This Club is very nicely located, but may not have a large selection of parking.  This is also the first one in Vegas, built in 1991.
1	We would not normally shop here but we got agift card so we went there yesterday, well we got all the things we needed and were going to check out and there are waaaaay to many employees working there, they were all standing around doing nothing the place was almost empty.anyway we put most of our stuff up on the belt and the checker says "i guess ill go find another cart so he leaves and comes back without a cart and says just push that one up here ill scan all the items in the cart fine...they had no boxes to put all of our items in wich was so annoying because we had alot of stuff that took us almost ten trips each geting the groceries in the house. Its a big store with lots of stuff why would they not have any boxes to put bought items in....
4	According to my husband this is the best one, and not all the SC stores carry the same products (which I find really weird, but whatever). We've gone to this one several times. Greetings and promotions (gotta show your membership card) upon entering the store, which I've come to name "the swapmeet hustle." You know, the "Can I ask you a question?" or "Do you know about....?" They've come to be a reality now whenever you go shopping at a mall setting (it's so annoying).The layout is easy enough- it's a warehouse, basically. The items are well-stocked. It's a clean store. The employees are helpful (when asking about a product you don't see on the floor) and nice.  Sunday was our most recent visit. Samples are the weekend usual ritual here. We sampled soup, organic fruit and beef jerky. There was much more, too like, toaster strudel and some others in the frozen food section. The best prices are: the princess (disney- very yummy) seedless green grapes for $3.98, a 24 pk. pure life bottled water for $3.98, strawberries, 2 lbs. for $3.48, chicken sausage- a large pack with 3 rows, for $11.98 (hint: freeze the rows so you have it handy), sandwich thins, 18 pk. for $3.98. We don't buy a large amount of groceries here because we only shop for ourselves (2 people can't finish these large quantities of food items). But when we shop here, we do like what we get. It's hard to beat the prices on the items I just mentioned. You also show your membership card at checkout. Keep your receipt handy; on the way out, someone will check it off. There is a cafe, which is also very popular, due to low prices. Even with their availability of seating (picnic tables), it's always a packed house.Parking is not a problem for us. There is ample parking in front and as well as the side of the building.
3	For come reason this seems to be not up to par compared to Costco.  Everything just seems so...dead.Luckily Sam's Club makes up for it with it's brown box pizza.  The three meat pizza for $9.00 is simply awesome.  One of my favorite places to go to for pizza.  Normally my work buys this pizza but normally I just walk into Sam's Club without a card and say I plan to get a card.  Which is true, I really do plan to get a card one day...It wasn't really busy either, this is a decent place.  #3meatpizza#FTW
5	I love this location. Okay, so it is not in the best neighborhood or in the prime location of town. But this Sam's Club is always clean, always has plenty of samples on the weekends, and has a great staff.It is always the little things that mean the most. One visit we had bought a tray of cookies and as my hunny was rearranging the cart, the cookies spilled and fell out. The quickly cleaned it up and gave us a replacement, even though it was our fault.Their markdown sections almost always carry some great treats. And if a manager is near by, don't be scared to ask for an additional markdown. You will most likely get it. The greeters and receipt checkers are always so friendly and love-able. Most of their cashiers are on point and are fast and speedy.They do take credit cards but Mastercard only. If your card is Visa it has to be run as debit.
3	I always go to this Sam's Club because it's the closest one to me. Although all Sam's Club locations are pretty big, this one would probably be one of the smaller locations in comparison to the newer ones around town. They also do not carry all the products I've seen at the other locations. On a positive note it's not as busy here, which makes it easier to navigate through the store. Since their carts are huge you sometimes find yourself putting so much energy into pushing your cart trying not to bump into anyone, which is not the case here. Semi empty aisles make shopping ease free. The check out lines at the other locations seem to be longer than here . They're not as strict about only having 1 sample or kids having to be with their parents in order to have 1, which is something I encountered at the SERENE location. The thing I don't understand with all Sam's Clubs is that for credit cards they only accept discover and master card? I find that kind of odd maybe an issue with banking systems? Or they are trying to persuade their members to apply for the Sam's Club Discover card? Overall I will continue to come to this location just because it's convenient for me.
4	Not in the fanciest neighborhood, but this location has items that I have found for myself that the other Sams Club doesn't carry.  This is where I found a large pack of Portuguese Sausage, the Hawaiian kine :).  Jesse N.  was ecstatic to see that it was his favorite brand too.  I shop at this location often because its fairly close to where I work.  I sometimes order pizza for my employees from here.  I love their pizzas.  If you ask nicely, they can even throw on some extra toppings.  I even come here to pick up some meat and chicken to bbq.  This location is the one that has boneless/skinless chicken thighs.  Its almost a rarity to find that now a days.  Other than that, in comparison to other Warehouse Bulk stores, easy to shop around, if you take the time, you might see specials that they are offering on certain items, always is nice to come in when they are giving samples too.  Plus I've always met friendly staff here.Shop away
4	I like this one much better than the one on Serene. The isles are much bigger, I didn't bump into anyone once!
5	I appreciated the professional & efficient assistance I received this morning in customer service from Roxanne & Shirley, keep up the great service. I was also able to order 4 large trays of mixed cookies to pick up fresh on Friday, this Sam's Club is awesome! Kudos to them for all they do, it's working!
5	I'm not sure how to review a discount club. Aren't they all the same? It is always clean here. The staff is always helpful. They usually have what I'm shopping for. I've never had any kind of negative experience here. What else can I say? I've gone here for years and will continue.
4	I have been going to this SAMs club for several years. The have many bulk items at decent prices. I compared a few items and it is worth getting at SAMs vs. a grocery store.  Friendly service and not usually a line
4	Sams Club - Pecos is the old school Sams location in Vegas. It doesn't have gas pumps or car washes. Some people think the location can be sketchy as it's not Summerlin. But if you want to get in, get what you want and not fight a horde of people most of the time to do it, this is the location to shop at. My family in one form or another has held a Sams Club membership since they opened their 2nd location in Missouri 30 years ago. Some gripes about Sams Club never change and certainly apply to the Pecos location. Checkout can be slow. They don't always restock the carts. And why do they make the cashiers lift every single flat of water out of the cart? Beyond all that this location isn't flashy but it's one of the better locations I've seen in 14 states. Why? The shelves are stocked, the place is clean, and while you may have to wait in a line or two the staff will help you if you need it. (Tip: The WalMart Money Services ATM has a weird $300 limit for cash transactions while most other places are $400). 4 Stars.
4	I enjoy this Sam's Club, great variety of many things as majority of Sam's Club do. The only thing that I was unpleasant with was my cashier at the food court. I had asked a few questions about prices and the food offered there, and she was getting aggravated that I was asking questions. I asked 2. When she turned around to get our frozen yogurt, she was super happy with your co worker. I was extremely annoyed with her attitude toward me.
2	Just an ugly place.  Dirty, so-so deals, rude employees, bad parking, so-so produce.  I'm a Costco guy through and through and figured I'd give Sam's a try.  Not worth it.  I went thrice and won't be back.
3	I love the bulk items that SAMs has but they are following the path of other store when it comes to checking out.  You have 8 lanes that can be utilized but you only have 3 lanes open with huge lines.  It truly baffles me.  I'm here for 2 items and have to wait over 15 minutes to check out.  I guess this is what paying for a membership gets me.  It makes me wonder if paying for smaller bulk items and getting out of a store faster is worth the convenience.  On a good note I love the pizza and hot dogs here.  You get awesome deals on those
