3	Ravioli was average and a bit overpriced.  Steak sandwich was tasty- I substituted jalapenos instead of regular peppers and the steak was thin-sliced and delicious.  Inside of restaurant is very cute despite dated exterior.  Thursday and Saturday there is a singing DJ (Joe Sapienza) that has a nice voice and sings classics.  Service was quick and friendly.
4	Great food. Good prices and great location!
3	We ordered delivery and it came promptly, pizza and a cheesesteak. There was not enough meat on the cheesesteak to make it "full" and the pizza was very salty.  It was OK, not great, not bad.  We might order from there again if we don't want to leave our house as our delivery options are limited.
4	A coworker of mine had eaten here and was raving about it so I was really excited to try it.  When I got the address I was a little worried because this place is NOT fancy.  I walked inside and was greeted right away and seated promptly which is always a plus in my book.  There was a singer covering Elvis songs which could have been nice except that he would randomly serenade tables (something I did not want to happen to mine) and it was too loud so it was a bit distracting.The menu had a decent selection and I liked that a lot of the dishes gave you different options for the kind of sauce you could get on it.  One of the things my coworker had mentioned was the bruschetta so we made sure to order that to start out.  It was probably the best bruschetta I've had.  The bread was perfectly cripsy and had a great garlic flavor, the tomatoes were fresh and the herbs were the perfect balance.The main course was baked spaghetti with meat sauce for me and baked lasagna with sausage for my friend.  The spaghetti was good, I would order it again but it wasn't mind blowing.  My friend loved his lasagna, his plate was cleared before I was half done.  The service was good, she was friendly and nice, just not overly so.  Our water was constantly filled though and she frequently checked on us to see if we needed anything else.  I will definately be returning soon, but I will be checking to make sure it's not on a night with a live singer.....
2	We live just down the road and I drive by this place every day on my way to/from work. So, we decided to call in an order and go and pick it up. We checked out their menu online and called in the order- the woman on the phone was nice and let us know our order would be ready in about 20 minutes. We headed in and our food was ready on time as promised. We ordered spaghetti & meatballs (which came with garlic bread), a meatball sandwich, and a single antipasta salad. The spaghetti was good but I felt like the garlic bread was lacking; it was more like a toasted pita with garlic spread on it. The meatball sandwich was good... fries were a bit soggy. The biggest disappointment however was the fact that the antipasta salad came without black olives (I did double check the menu which said that it was supposed to). Black olives are the whole reason that I love the anitpasta salad. *sigh*
1	Their website says they deliver.  After spending 20 minutes looking at their menu and putting together my $80 order, I call and I'm told "sorry we don't deliver".  Inaccurate information on a business website is a big giant no-no.  Waste of my time.
2	Not very good food. The service is ok.  The bathrooms are filthy.
1	I COULD BE SHORT AND SWEET AND JUST DITTO 'JENNA FROM HOUSTON', But I won't need to add some comments so EVERYONE PLEASE READ OR ENTER AT YOUR OWN RISK....It was Sat evening between 6-8 PM major dinner time...(Staff and their family must park in the lot) just to make it look busy and desirable N O T only 1 other table of  2 inside..Now if that wasn't a RED FLAG all by itself The hostess/owner (WOW) what a miserable unhappy soul she barely greeted us "all I can remember her saying is 4", nothing else..We entered the so called remodeled from previous owner (which we've frequented) before and ALL THEY DID WAS PAINT not sure they even bothered updating anything and definitely bathroom were FILTHY.So  without a smile or any nicesities at all she basically through the menus down and 5-8 minutes later our so called waiter again with a definite attitude problem barely answered any of our questions or I might say at least with no energy and definitely NO smile.  Asked if we wanted anything to drink....WE all (4) of us really wanted to LEAVE sooooo sorry that we didn't.We preceded to order (MISTAKE) ALL BY ITSELF....Salad was extraand came in a plastic bowl half full....dinners came YUK......No taste whatsoever on the spaghetti w/marinara  and everyone else had some sort of negative about their meal also....STAY AWAY...........DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY OR TIME.....YOU COULD DO BETTER AT THE FOOD COURT ANYDAYMarge G.Gilbert,AZ
4	I had the sausage Junior Calzone and there was nothing junior about it! The Sicilian Sundae was awesome! They're under new ownership and I hear a lot of spoken Italian coming from the kitchen. Look for a name change: Christina's Italian Restaurant and Bar. Grazie!
5	New owner and new menu makes for a great local Italian restaurant. Me and my gf got the amafi platter and it was awesome. You have a choice of veal or chicken parm and then it comes with pasta, eggplant, sausage, ravioli, and two salads...all for only $25. I never get marinara when i dine out because you never know what to expect. I am glad i took a chance and got it here. It tasted just like my mom use to make. I also never get dessert, but the lemon marscapone sounded too good too pass up. I ate it in about 3 bites because it was that good. Very fresh and light made for a perfect way to end my meal.
2	Dema's is no more...it's Christina's now. Ate here any way... a couple things expensive, salty, terrible live music. This is one place I won't be back to.
2	Called for delivery, the gentleman on the phone was VERY pleasant but was overwhelmed and had to call me back three times to get everything straight. It was an hour before the food was delivered and we literally live down the street. The food wasn't bad, but wasn't great and was a little pricey for regular pizzeria food.
1	You have got to be kidding me! This place is a joke. So on 4/26/12 my GF and I bought the $15 for $30 Groupon because we wanted to try something new. There is only one way in to this half pavement, half dirt "Dusk to Dawn" style eatery. My GF was wondering if we were entering into a biker bar and should leave. We were greeted warmly by a wonderful lady from Chicago. We were seated and given a menu. GREAT SO FAR. We told the waitress that this was our first time and asked what was good. She replied "everything". So we ordered the Spicy Calamari as an appetizer. My GF ordered the chicken primavera and I ordered the surf and turf. The bread that came with the meal was amazing, the side salad was good and the spicy calamari was not spicy but OK. Just fried calamari with some mayonnaise type dressing poured over it with sprinkles of jalapenos and red peppers. Not bad if you eat it quick. The calamari gets real soggy. Let the nightmare begin...The entrees come!My GF's meal looked like it came straight from the can. She said it tasted like a banquet chicken  meal. It was served in a bowl swimming in the microwaved juices as it thawed. The chicken was flavorless, the noodles were soggy and falling apart and the vegetables were cooked to hell. She took one bite and spat it out. The coup de grace was my meal. The crab meat stuffing on my shrimp looked like baby poop. The 3 huge beef tips look like they came from the hind hoof of a animal with mad cow disease. The seafood reeked so bad that I couldn't take one bite. Yes...not one bite. It smelled of a dumpster full of sanitary napkins left to roast in the AZ sun. When I call my waitress over to express my concern, she politely explained that "the shrimp was not bad (which I knew it was) but it was the stuffing they use on the shrimp. It has a FISHY smell." Thanks for the heads up. I asked her to remove the dishes and to please bring us the check. Yes...I was willing to pay to leave! When the bill came, I had to explain to them how to use the Groupon and how much was to be taken off the check. This is after I had to email a complete stranger a photocopy of the Groupon from my phone. To their credit, the waitress and manager we apologetic and offered to make us something else. I FELL FOR IT! They made us a Godfathers pizza to go. It looked WONDERFUL. So, off to the homestead we went. We both enjoyed 2 slices, watched  TV and called it the night. Good times right. NOPE! The next day we both woke to stomach aches and the usual bathroom troubles associated with it. Work was hell all day. But wait... there's more! Not thinking to throw the pizza in the trash on my way out, our 17 year old son decides to enjoy 2 slices the next day. He spent all day nauseated, vomiting and in the bathroom. No school and   couldn't go to work. MEEEMMMORRIIIEEESS! Needless to say we will never drive on the same street as Christina's, let alone eat there!
