4	One night i was craving pizza "chicago style" and remembered driving by this pizza place and it had recently opened.  There were quite a few cars there so i decided to stop and give it a try.  It is very nicely decorated, staff greeted us right away.  There are TV's in each booth so you feel like your at home.  The Pizza was to die for, we absolutely loved it and it is now our weekly stop.  You won't be disappointed!
3	I wanted pizza and he wanted roasted chicken.  Thankfully there is a place in North Las Vegas to feed us both in one place--Bambini's.  The moment we entered the restaurant I was intrigued. It has the pizza counter on the left and a quaint booth area next to it with tables on the other side of a pretty wall divider. We were greeted nicely and seated.  This is a casual eatery, so don't expect hotel restaurant service. Despite having servers. the only come out to greet, seat, and take orders. We were checked on once when the appetizers came. Honestly we don't need to be waited on so this was fine.Their menu is extensive. boasting everyrthing from pizzas to ribs. We chose the following:-fried mozz sticks: definitely frozen or premade then frozen. good, but I hoped it was fresh.-zuchini sticks: good. not awesome but i liked it.-Philly cheesesteak special: The mushrooms are from the jar, so it tasted. It was a typical philly but I hoped for cheese wiz as a cheese option. I had provolone and it just wasn't the same. The bread, though, is awesome. Freshly made, perfect texture and crust. -roasted chicken: dry. Seasoning was good but the breast was dry. The potatoes as our side choice was okay but didn't have any salt or pepper on it. Deep dish pepperoni pizza (slice): Their pizza is their best menu item. Crispy crust, gooey cheese and salty pepperoni. I left with two more slices to go.Overall their other menu items are decent but their chicago-style pizzas are pretty goodl Nice change from Papa John's for sure. Their pizza dough tastes fresh and I love the sweet and tangy sauce. Tip: stick to their pizzas. I saw that they use boxed/dried pasta for their pasta dishes. If they would just make it like they do their dough and bread, they would be a great Italian joint.  Also don't expect very fast serving of food.  It takes around 15 minutes for entree and about 8 minutes for appetizer.If you like a change and want good deep dish pizza, give it a try. I think you'll either love it or hate it. I hope that this restaurant finds a way to weed down their menu to concentrate on what they are good at.  I think having too many options brings the quality of the food down because they have so many things to make.  If this place focused, like I stated earlier, on their pizza, pasta, and rotisserie ONLY, they could become a great pizzeria and rotisserie.
1	What a joke! I never ordered a pizza so I recommend ordering from the pizza menu. I had rotisserie chicken and Spanish rice. My wife had a Greek salad. Chicken was dry and poorly seasoned. My so-called Spanish rice was extremely salty and oily. Absolutely gross. Who puts carrots and peas in their Spanish rice??? They do!  It was mushy and overcooked too. My wifes Greek salad was a joke. The lazy cooks (if thats what you can call them) in this place needs lessons in presentation for starters. The romaine lettuce was cut from the head in 1-inch strips, a little fetta cheese, 2 olives with seeds, 3 slices of cucumbers with seeds, and a few thin sliced tomatoes and seasoned with WAY too much vinegar. I complained and the waiter said "our pizzas are alot better". Well, I will need to muster-up enough courage to step foot in this establishment again. I did like the decorations in there though. Oh boy...
4	The atmosphere is awesome, and the pizza is amazing. Don't bother getting a salad, but DO order garlic knots.
4	I love that we have a brick oven pizzeria up in NLV. Hubby and I usually order the Bambini's House Special pizza which has 6 toppings for $14.99. How can you beat that for a whole large pie? We've also tried the spinach pizza, which is delish too.   The garlic knots are an absolute must. The wings are surprisingly good.  An additional bonus is that they've got some yummy gelato for those who have room for dessert.
4	This place looks so inviting when seen from Craig Rd - and the feeling continues when you go inside.  They've done a great job decorating the place in warm Italian tones with lots of natural clean light.  It just makes an ambiance that kicks up your appetite!We ordered a starter of mild chicken wings.  My husband - a chicken wing connoisseur- declared them perfect.  This was followed by a really satisfying pepperoni pizza pie.  I thought the sauce was very good and the cheese tasted imported.  The only let down was that I was imagining a nice foldable NY style crust, since the owner is from Long Island.  But alas, it was a crispy one.  We ended our meal with a pistachio gelato that was so creamy and heavenly.  Overall, this is crave-able food, and we will definitely be back.  There are so many items on the menu we want to try, like scungilli over pasta, the hot heroes, the cannolis, etc, etc..    Another Northwest keeper!
3	I have been here several times already and it is a pretty good nosh. By far the best thing here is the garlic knots. Slightly crusty on the outside, soft interior and covered in minced garlic, oooh it's heaven.I am very fond of cheese so to be able to have a white pizza is very appealing to me. However, even though it is listed on the menu they don't do it by the slice. My current favorite is the house calzone. Gooey mozzarella, creamy ricotta and ham wrapped in their chewy dough. The only problem is that since it is baked fresh the wait time for the calzone is about 25-35 minutes. Recently I seem to notice a decrease in the amount of ricotta and ham and in increase in mozz, not happy with this trend.Besides the wait time for the food the service is usually pretty fast when we are there. My boyfriend and I are normally seated right way and served drinks almost immediately. One of the servers even remembers what we like to eat most of the time. There are tvs in the booths which is nice, however you can't change the channel. This is a small peeve of mine cause I really can't stand Fox news.
3	Wow for a Wednesday night there sure were a lot of people. It was moderate at first (around 5 p.m.) but as we left close to 7 there was quite a line building at the door. It looks like they are beginning to hire more people to keep up demand but service was still sporadically slow.The garlic knots are still as yummy and extremely garlicky as ever. I am still a little displeased about the amount of mozz in my calzone. I asked for extra ricotta and it was barely more than last time. It was still good and the crust on the calzone is great. And at least this time the server gave us an option to have the TV in the booth on the channel we wanted or to have it off.
3	Good pizza, ok prices.  Nothing special
5	This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.  I'm from NY and know what good pizza is and these guys know the deal.  They hail from Long Island where they ran a pizza place for a long time, and now are serving some of the best pies in town in Vegas.Insanely good garlic knots as well.
4	I've been to Bambini's about 6 or 7 times now and here are my observations.  The Italian food is great, in particular the Chicken Parm heroes and the Stromboli.  The garlic knots are to die for. The pizza is good but not the best in town, but still miles ahead of 99% of the other local joints.  The service staff is very friendly, but they get overwhelmed from time to time, thus I've waited for food longer than I should have once in a while.  I would never bother to order oddball items like the rotisserie chicken or Greek salad.  Why in the world would anyone go there to order stuff you can get anywhere else?  Go there and enjoy the awesome atmosphere and the great Italian food.
4	OMG, this place is soooo good! We chose the lower priced brick oven pizza which was very good, a antipasto which was a nice salad and ended with vanilla gelato to die for.  The very best part was their uber-garlicky bread knots - I could have eaten ten of them.  Great place, nice staff, good variety - next time I am going to try the ribs - the picture in the menu looked delicious!
1	We were so excited to try bambini's.  We were so disappointed. Other patrons said to try the wood fired pizza.  We ordered cappicolla and pineapple on one side and meatball and Italian sausage on the other side. We ordered a large. The one side was perfect, the side with meatballs was made with meatball and mushroom.  Canned mushrooms no less. Kept the pineapple side and they said they would remake it.  Ten minutes later they come back and tell us that they are going to male a small instead. What??  I told them to forget it it. That wasn't what we ordered ( I don't order smalls due to the amount of crust.). Now they didn't make us pay which was nice but seriously, folks,  I want what I ordered. If you screw it up then don't try to give me something else because you want to save 4 dollars.  So we left.  Still hungry.  I would suggest not going there on a weekend i think they care more about getting you in and out than quality.
4	This is the best pizza in Las Vegas... I love the staff too. Very friendly and always great service.
4	so as a yelper i saw the reviews for this place one day and decided to take my husband there and we were suprised of how nice the service was and how homey it was there. my husband ordered a small pizza and it was not so small. and i ordered pasta with chicken carbonara it was delicous and the portion was big! definitly a good place to go eat but large groups is limited due to the small space! would be great if they expanded!
3	The food was pretty good. I ordered the chicken carbonara and my boyfriend ordered a pizza and wings. I loved the sauce on my pasta. The pizza was pretty good but the crust could've been better in flavor. I am only giving it 3 stars because the service kinda blows. It seemed pretty unorganized. I must've seen at least 8 different servers or food runners and it seemed like no one was assigned a station and were just picking up tables on a first-come first-serve basis. And you would think with all these people working, the service would be good and they would've been more attentive. I felt the need to go to the soda machine since no one came to refill our sodas. When we were ordering our food, we were asking questions about the menu and the server had absolutely no knowledge of what to recommend. We will definitely trry this place again, but only take-out!
2	Ok. After reading some good and some not so good reviews we decided to try Bambini's. As I mentioned in the quick tip, the garlic knots were amazing! We were there on a Friday night around 7:00pm and the place was fairly packed. We were seated quickly and the drink order was taken right away along with the appetizers. The drinks came, but the knots didn't... not for a while. We put in our pizza order, a large Margherita with fresh tomatoes. The knots were worth the wait, the pizza wasn't. The sauce was flavorless as was the basil. It tasted like pizza out of a box.The service was lacking. There didn't seem to be a designated server. You ask for a refill over and over and it takes a while to get it. While we were there a large group came in and left saying they had called ahead for a reservation and there was no table available.Worst of all is the music machine they have on the back wall. It's loud and the music is absolutely hideous!We will probably not return. $30.00 would've bought better pizza at Sammy's.
5	We love this restaurant! Great pizza. Good prices. Friendly service. Kids get to make their own pizza! (keeps them occupied for a few minutes of alone - grown up time)
4	I am torn between a 3.5 and a 4 on this place, but due to the great customer service we always get at lunch, I am bumping it!  I come here on nearly a weekly basis with a group of rowdy, pain the arse, picky coworkers, and we always receive A+ attention.  Our waitress splits our checks without us even having to remember to ask.  Anything we do ask for is delivered with a smile and polite graces by our usual waitress.   This is the best Italian restaurant on this side of town.  We have some slim pickings here for work lunch, and this place is a favorite for sure. The food is pretty darn good too.  I wouldn't say it is the best Italian food, but it is a step up from the normal corporate restaurant choices.  I have the pizza, and it is pretty good, but what really stands out are the calzones and the pasta dishes.  I have had pizza by the slice here (the stuffed meat pizza and deep dish cheese), and while good, they aren't the best in town.  So, I would recommend the pasta.  I love the baked ziti. it is rich with good mozzarella cheese, and the portion is impossible to finish.  In fact, I have almost never left here without left overs.This place is a gem, considering the lack of good places to eat in general in this part of town.  Sure, it's no Montesano's Eateria for pizza, or Chicago Joe's for pasta, but it's pretty damn good in it's own right. I've had nothing but A+ service from the staff here.  We always feel right at home (even with the annoying music machine!)
4	We have always driven by this place for years but never made a stop.  So for my brother's birthday the family decided to try out this place for some pizza and wings.  For a Tuesday Night the place was pretty packed, but luckily the wait time was minimal.  We sat down at a booth with a small flat-screen sitting at the end.  We had the option to watch TV and while it seems counter-intuitive to eating out in the first place there's nothing wrong with a little Spongebob!Of course the TV did also help in passing the time since we ordered a gourmet pizza, half aloha, half meat.  in the meantime we got a dozen garlic knots, and man, when they say garlic, they MEAN garlic.  I won't lie, I thought they were tasty, but I still prefer the ones from Broadway Pizza.  The rest of my family tried them out for the first time and loved them. Finally a little while later our pizza and order of 15 wings came to our delight.  I thought the wings were pretty good, but nothing that really stood out to me.  Of course it might be helpful to note that we ordered them mild in order to appease the rest of the family.  As for the pizza itself, I LOVED it.  I enjoyed a slice of the aloha pizza, but the meat pizza was excellent.  The sauce, the cheese, all the types of meat (especially that sausage) just worked together so perfectly!I loved the pizza enough to definitely make a future visit.  The other types of pizza they have on display look delicious as well as the pastas other people in the restaurant ordered.  For not having a lot of Italian fare like this on my side of town, I think a void has been filled in my heart.
4	Very good Italian place!  Their pasta has never disappointed, especially the seafood pastas!  Their pizza is good, and the service is good to excellent with the wait staff willing and able to show their personalities.  The prices are excellent for the quality of good and I highly recommend anyone to eat here that loves good Italian!The only negative that I have is that the place is really to small.  Seating is always difficult, and big groups are very difficult.  Call ahead!
4	We get ready to walk in.  But a red faced, fiesty grandma stammers out and yells back to her husband" Why the hell were you such an a$$ in there?" Grandpa yells back " Because they were a$Se$ to me ! ".  So whoever "they" were, I'd like to say screaming old couples scare me. A senior fight that could result in both maybe having angina and needing CPR is no fun. They yell and cuss another 5 in the car, and thankfully drive off. Just another Friday night at Bambini's?  The host says "no" thankfully!Inside, it's friendly (Whew), bright, loud, and lively with lots of people, including kids, loud TV's, loud employees, and off key Happy Birthdays. An employee drops and breaks a wine glass and his co workers laugh before getting the mop and broom.  The two narrow dining areas are separated by a wine display rack. The lamps are bright and colorful. The strong smell of pizza and garlic match the noise levels.Our waitress brings our menus and some water. While looking at the menu, I read the yelp reviews, and it was obvious we'd have to order garlic knots appetizers.  Garlic has some awesome health benefits, and is so good on soft french rolls. It was awesome and somewhat greasy but really addicting. I had the baked ziti topped with cheese.  It was enough to feed 2 normal sized adults, but barely enough for my Samoan 6'2" 16 year old nephew who plays high school football. My brother ordered the baked lasagne, good but not anywhere as large as my ziti. TBoth dishes had a strong tomato, garlic, oregano taste with the right amount of sweet, salt, and tang. Both dishes were loaded with cheese, and came out piping hot. It took 20 minutes for out waitress to bring our order, as there was no pre-made stuff here. Both were about $13. and I took 2/3 of my order home. Abondanza for sure. This was authentic Italian, and reminded me of some of the casual places I'd eaten in NYC.  We come to find out that the owner is from the Big Apple, and came to North Vegas with his old world recipes from Italy.      To finish off the dinner, the gelato guy in the front said he was generous with his scoops.  The gelato is made by a local shop.  They had two of my favorite flavors - pistachio and mango.  Very creamy, dense, sweet, and rich in natural flavors.  Wow, I could only eat half of a large order.  All in all, an awesome dinner with no septagenarians in a mortal combat, yes!
4	I read some of the other reviews and I was shocked to see that they said the food was for soccer moms and teens. This just isn't the case. The service is always great, the food is so very yummy and I have no idea what they are talking about when they say the food sits out all day. It's just crazy. Yes sometimes you have to wait a little longer because it gets busy and it is a very small family sized restuarant but it also depends on what you order. The servers always tell you how long it's going to be if youorder something that takes longer. So order an some garlic knots and relax a bit. Everyone is in such a hurry these days. It's not fast food folks.
3	Of all the pizza joints I been to in the area Bambini's is by far one of the best!  Their garlic knots are amazing and they make a great pizza. Their margherita pizza is our favorite, with fresh basil on top. For dessert I have always had a cannoli and it is just like grandma made years ago.  The place is usually packed and the service is great. If you are looking for a great tasting pizza with an award winning atmosphere, then try Bambini's.UPDATE - March 21, 2014The food is still amazing, but the wait staff is rude and gets pissy if you ask for a plate or utensils, cheese and red pepper flakes, or a second glass of water.  They are unbearable and should not be in the service industry.  This is not just an isolated problem.  Been there 5-6 times in the last few months and have had a least 5 different employees like this.  I asked for a fork and you would have thought I just punched the waitress in the face.  Another time we had a party of 6 and asked for separate checks (3 checks), and the comment was "are you kidding me?"  No I'm not kidding its a simple process, but took her 25-minutes to do it!  Food also takes a very long time to be served.  These are some of the reason why in my opinion Bambini's rating went from a 5-star to a 3-star business.
2	This place is just OK.....we have been in there a couple of times. I have tried the pizza, wings, baked ziti, lasagne and of course garlic knots. I would say the food is average. A bit overpriced IMO for what you are getting. It isnt my first choice for pizza. I will say that the individuals tvs at the table are pretty cool though.
4	After reading the below reviews I wonder why no one has mentioned how absolutely fantastic the ziti is the next day.  I order the ziti just so I can have the leftovers the next day.  Nothing better than leftover spaghetti, pizza, stew, etc.  Bambini's is our favorite local place to grab a pizza or some pasta - but their signature hoagie is also great!  Yum, yum! Get it served hot.  We love the wait staff and how caring they are, and also the fact that the grandkids can make their own pizza.  They love to go to Bambini's and cook their pizza!  The staff helps them with the process, but we do have one in the family who is a 6-yr old pro at making pizza!
3	The food was excellent. We had the gnocchi with tomato sauce, a sausage and pepperoni pizza, manicotti, and an order of garlic knots. The service was alright. We got our appetizer and bread bowl after our main course was already out. The bus boy seemed more interested in weather or not we were taken care of. All that aside I would still go back because I've been dreaming about that darn gnocchi!!
3	I have traveling around the valley to find the best NY style pizza...  I tried this place on Thursday night...  I really liked the decor and the set up... As for the pizza, it was average, needed about another minute in the oven.  If you are in the area, need a pizza slice.... This place is OK,, not great like Uncle Joe's but its better than DiGorno..
3	Good food! Kinda loud with the table TVs though.Garlic knots are awesome!
5	This is the best Italian eatery since Metro Pizza! The garlic knots are by far the best I have had since I was a little kid.I eat here on a regular basis and it really says something about the place when you see the same employees each time who seem to genuinely love working there. They always give me an honest opinion when I ask about a menu item which I truly appreciate. I always have a hard time deciding what to order it is ALL good! I live in Summerlin and make the drive over here just for Bambini's!The baked stuffed shells are simply to die for. The ricotta is spot on! I had it on a recent visit a couple days ago and really liked it.The subs are full of flavor and they do not skimp on what they put on themIf you are going for a sub I would recommend the "Our Famous Sub" it is just great! I like it both hot or cold it just depends on my mood. I do like mayo on it so I ask if I am getting it to-go for the mayo, oil & vinegar on the side so I can put it on myself. It it just easier that way so you don't have a sloppy mess by the time you get home.Ok, the pizza is the true *star* here. I have had the "white pizza" and again with the ricotta being so spot on it is just a win win.  If you are looking to share a pizza with others at your table I recommend the "mixed cold cuts pizza" it is THE best item on the menu. They have an area where kids can make there own mini pizzas. I have even seen schools bring there kids in to do it. There are TV's everywhere usually playing sports. If you wanted to host a large party they have 2 nice sized banquet rooms just for that. You can dine inside or outside on the beautiful patio. If you want to phone your order in for pick up that is as well an option. They have a nice case as you walk in of yummy desserts. On the door I have seen a sign requesting you not bring your own drinks inside. I would never think to bring my own drink to a restaurant I am going to sit down and eat at but apparently they have a problem so I wouldn't recommend bringing your own drinks. They are not open Monday's.
5	I love coming to this place.. i've been coming here since before they expanded its amazing food great frendly staff. There Garlic knots, chicken a la vodka, there pizza there rotisserie chicken is  good, there canolis and let me say everything i have tired has been wonderful. I like how they accomidate to large party good spot will always go here.
4	This is one of the first places we stumbled into after moving to La's Vegas. Being from the South we are use to super friendly wait staff and this place didn't disappoint. The pizza is awesome and we love to sit in their courtyard when it's cool. Definitely our only pizza place in town.
3	Atmosphere and service very good. Found the food somewhat bland for Italian cuisine!  Meatball sandwich was so-so. Garlic knots, very good!
3	Great food here! I would say that it is way better than olive garden because it is more authentic. However, the reason why they are only receiving 3 stars is because of the service. Both times i have been here the waiters seem to forget that they need to refill our drinks. The first time we went up to the machine to do it on our own. The next time we came there was a sign on the machine that it wasn't self service. Yet, we were stuck waiting again.
5	My husband and I just moved to North Vegas from NY and going to the Strip anytime we want good Italian food is just not feasible. I happen to live across the street from Bambinis but the whole "chicken and pizza" thing was just so weird to me so we didn't give it much thought. But after being here two months and not having found a place for a good meatball parm hero (yes I said hero NOT sub) I figured I'd check their menu online. As soon as I saw "heroes" on the menu and not subs I knew they had to be from NY or at the very least the East Coast (which they are - Long Island) and it was worth a shot.Soooo happy we ended up trying this! I listened to all the reviewers and ordered the garlic knots which were fantastic. (Yes they were sitting on the counter on a tray as someone complained in an earlier review they were "left out all day" but when you take into account how many fit in that tray and how many come in an order (6 or 12 depending on the size order) and the fact that it seems most people order them, there is no way they sit out there for more than an hour or MAYBE two during the slow times. They reheat them to piping hot when they serve them and they taste fresh so not sure what the big deal is there.I got my meatball parm hero and my husband got the chicken parm hero and they were both JUST like home! Toasted crusty bread that was soft in the middle, tons of melted mozzarella, meatballs with actual FLAVOR in them (you could SEE the herbs in the meatballs). I tried my hubby's chicken parm as well and the chicken was delish - moist under the breading. The gravy (sauce, whatever you called it) was great also. I know I saw a few Yelpers comment on the service. We went during the middle of the day so it was sort of in between lunch and dinner so it probably isn't a fair comparison as we got very devoted and quick service as a result of the restaurant not having many customers at the time. Hubby got several drink refills from the waiter and never even needed to ask - the kid was right on top of it. He was also really interested in what we thought of the food after learning we were from NY and how it compared - asked us about why we moved out here and everything. He was truly great.Was it cheap? No, two subs, an order or garlic knots and two sodas was 30 bucks. But I'd much rather pay 30 dollars for GOOD food than go get a five dollar footlong with Chef Boyardi meatballs in it at Subway (gross gross gross.)If you are the type of person who is happy with Papa John's Pizza and Olive Garden food, than you probably won't appreciate the authentic awesomeness of this place but if you like GOOD food, you're intelligent enough to know on a Friday or Saturday night service is a lil tougher and you don't mind paying for quality - GO TO BAMBINIS!!! (And get the garlic knots.)
2	Not impressed with my last visit. Pizza was not good and service wasn't either.
4	Excellent food!
4	I was driving down Craig (HUNGRY) and noticed flashing lights. When I realized this place was the same one that had put flyers on my door twice this week, I decided to give it a try. There were people all around the front entrance. I wasn't sure what was actually going on but a guy approached us and directed us to a booth at the end of the kitchen, also close by the station where kids make their own pizzas. Our waiter greeted us after a couple of minutes and offered cartoons. Yes, cartoons. The booths had a small tv mounted above the tables. Very convenient! Who doesn't want to watch sponge bob while eating. No, seriously it was nice to have a distraction for the kiddies. When we first entered, a tray of garlic knots in the kitchen caught my attention. We opted for the half dozen as an appetizer and they were great! Perfect temperature. Perfect flavor. Just perfect! As mentioned in another review, when I noticed they served Heroes and not subs, I was sold. The husband settled on the pepperoni and meatball stromboli. I finally decided on the chicken parm hero and the kiddies had the child's portion of spaghetti. My biggest complaint is that they don't have "kids menu" but only a kids make your own pizza. When asked, our server told us that they could do kid portions of certain pastas. Our food took a while to come out. Which, considering how busy they were and how fresh the food was, we didn't mind the wait. My hero was, well AMAZING! The chicken was tender and juicy. The sauce was tasty and the mozzarella cheese was perfectly melted. The hero was huge and well worth the $9. The stromboli was very tasty. No complaints about any of our food.  The only problem was we were very close to the kid's pizza making station and the entrance to the kitchen. There was a heavy flow of traffic and people standing close to our table, which I'm not a fan of. But the service and food made up for my little complaint of heavy traffic. I will be back to visit. Next time I'll save room for the gelato and cheesecake.
3	I truly wanted to love this place. It's clean, family oriented, obviously adult friendly (beverages), and had the most amazing jukebox I have ever seen (although not working at that time.) Too bad the food was a let down, the knot were good but tasted like they were microwaved, the pizza was good if you like a sweet crust (I prefer sourdough), the pasta was okay but the sauce was a let down, and the worst was the tiramisu (a store bought tasteless mess). I would have loved to make this my regular place if it were just a bit better.
3	I truly wanted to love this place. It's clean, family oriented, obviously adult friendly (beverages), and had the most amazing jukebox I have ever seen (although not working at that time.) Too bad the food was a let down, the knot were good but tasted like they were microwaved, the pizza was good if you like a sweet crust (I prefer sourdough), the pasta was okay but the sauce was a let down, and the worst was the tiramisu (a store bought tasteless mess). I would have loved to make this my regular place if it were just a bit better.
5	Excellent food, nice atmosphere and outstanding service.A local gem that I have driven past and never noticed, until someone in the office told me about it! I had the mixed shellfish, in a nicely spiced sauce over pasta. My husband had pizza and ate the whole thing! Amazing!
5	I love the atmosphere here. All the yummy smells make your mouth water. Their garlic knots are the best ever!! I love their antipasto salad too!  Too bad it's too far away from where I live now!
1	FUCK. THIS. PLACE.FUCK EMThis is the worst pizza place in this city I have ever been to, and let me explain whyyyy:First off,  I've never been here before, but it was the closest pizza place that I came across on my way back from Nellis AFB to a friends house, and I wanted to surprise her with pizza.I walk in and place a takeout order for a large Margarita pizza. Simple enough right? No. No apparently this is the hardest fucking thing for a chef to accomplish, cause I wait 30 minutes before the guy at the front hands me a small box. What the hell is this? I ask. This is a small pizza box, I ordered a large.Indeed, they messed that up. But I understand mistakes are made sometimes, so I don't throw a bitch fit and the guy at the front apologizes, replaces the order, and offers me a complimentary scoop of gelato. Great, a cup of icecream for waiting an hour for a fucking pizza, seems legit to me! So I wait for another 20 minutes, and the cashier rushes back to me with my large pizza. I understand it's not his fault, but the fault of the incompetent chef in the back, so I graciously accept the pizza and leave. Phew! Glad that's over!So I get inside my car, and set the pizza in the passangers seat, I think to myself, gee, I should probably check the pizza to make sure it's the right kind. Cause chances are that chef is a moron. This is what I open up to:http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=4N-HU_T32hLENLntsNKNBgEDIT:So funny, I had a link to the picture, but apparently the company, or some grouchy loyal customer complained and Yelp took it down, but fear not my friends, it's all over facebook.I get a fucking pizza soup. Great. Just great. With an hour of my time wasted, I'm literally pulling my hair and way too pissed off to go back in there and complain, cause I probably would of threw this shit in the chefs face. This shit wasn't even cooked all the fucking way. What if me, my friend, and her little sister got sick from it? I try my best to go to local pizza shops here in town, but it's fucking places like these that make people stick to the corporate chain pizza places. Atleast they know how to cook a fucking pizza all the way through.This place needs to fire their dumbass ass chef and get a new one before they go out of business. Complete horseshit!
2	I use to go to this place when I worked down the street; all I can say is that the garlic knots are really, really good. I've had their small pizzas, and they were nothing to go back for. I had actually forgotten about this place until my friend wanted to pick up pizza- a local pizza, and happened to be close to this place.My friend bought us a Margarita pizza from here with a dozen garlic knots. For the price you pay this is really bland pizza. The cheese looks odd, and the sauce is tasteless. The garlic knots, though, are still pretty darn good.Not only that, but apparently this place likes to hand out liquid magma pizzas to people who order out. My friend got hers (after a long wait and many mess ups) sat it in her car, only to find that it was leaking. Literally leaking, as if it were made of liquid. The entire toppings area was now running down the crust onto the box, and thankfully she had not been holding it when it happened, or else she would have burned by it. By the time she got it to my home, it had cooled enough to somewhat solidify to what resembled a pizza.A little warning would have been nice, since this soup of a pizza could have been leaked all over her, or the car.Still even after a few years their pizza is nothing to remember; but the knots are.
5	They have delicious garlic knots (bread) the service and pasta are amazing.
2	Standard, unimaginative pizza and other Italian food. I have been here a few times and have no desire to go back. You can do worse, but you can also do much better.
4	Pizza a very good.  Garlic knots have enough garlic to kill vampires within a 20 ft radius,  Great place for large groups - they have added a second dining room.  Service is really friendly and helpful.
2	Their customer service is not good, but i think they try. Ill give them that much. They are also slow on orders and slow to refill drinks. Their food does have flavor, but I am not sure the prices match up. But hey, they are definitely different than your average fast food pizza place. They have unique menu items. Their ice cream/gelato is good.This place has a lot of potential; they need to step it up.
3	This place is good. Customer Services is good. Overall the food is OK.
5	I eat here if not every week, every other week. The owner takes great pride in putting out great food. I have eaten pretty much everything on the menu and never had a bad meal. I never leave hungry either. The portions here are very generous. Inside is clean and there are tables or booths. They have a couple huge banquet areas too if you want to host an event here.This week I ordered my usual Italian sub as well shared an Italian antipasto with my wife. The sub is just good. you can get it hot or cold. The sandwich has lettuce, tomatoes, onions, banana peppers, ham, salami, cappicollo, provolone & oil and vinegar. I have them put the oil and vinegar on the side since I have mayo added just make sure things don't slide around and I can add the amount I want. The salad was generous for being the small order. Very good and fresh. The shared sandwich and salad really hit the spot.The pizza is what you really should try first here. The deep dish is the best. When you order stuff like pizza or pasta it does take a while because it is made from scratch. Order some garlic knots while you wait because they are the best in town. There is a make your own pizza station for the kids. Bambini's is closed Monday's.
4	First time back in over a year, and I think they're holding steady.Service was good, Vallery was helpful & prompt, kept our drinks full.First, their garlic knots are even better than before, though they still needed a bit of salt added.Hubby ordered gnocchi with meat sauce ( he's a gnocchi madman!) plus a side of sausage to add to it.  The meat sauce was so meaty, the sausage wasn't necessary.  However, he loved the flavor of the sausage anyway.  Unfortunately, the gnocchi was not good.  There was a huge plate of glommy lil dough turds there, nowhere near the light & fresh flavor of freshly made gnocchi.I ordered a small margherita pizza and it was fabulous, much better than their pizza was previously.  Luckily for Hubby, I couldn't eat even half so he loaded up a few pieces with the sausage and ate those. Overall, mostly good... just won't order gnocchi ever again.  Oh, and the piano music they were playing on their sound system.. sad, but unobtrusive at least.
2	The food is very good for a pizza joint in a strip mall, but it is definitely not worth the money you spend.  My husband and I placed a simple take out order . . . we were splitting a green salad, and ordered two of the cheaper pasta meals on the menu.  The total was $45 . . . for a take out order!?  That's the same as a dine-in meal at Bucca di Beppo or Outback Steakhouse!  Bambini's management, please lower your prices!
5	Love love love this place!! Garlic knots are amaze-balls!! The pizza is awesome and the service is always great! Best part...it's only 5 minutes from my house...be jealous Las Vegas!!
1	The cashier, who's name is Angel stole $8 from me. I placed a togo order on Tues. Nov. 5 2013 at  exactly 6:00 PM from a server named Angel, this is according to my receipt that also shows a charge of $30.25 that was paid using my debit bank card, but after checking my bank statements today I noticed a charge for $38.25 to my bank card from bamstealurmoni! Now to be fair, I have not yet confronted Angel,  or his manager about this overcharge to my account as of yet, normally in a situation like this I would wait until after the problem was resolved,  giving the establishment time to investigate,  and offer a resolution before I would start publicly accusing them of being thieves, and make no mistakes about it, that is what I'm doing, I am accusing Bambinis of being a shady, dishonest, untrustworthy, thieving,  dirty, disgusting grease pit hole in the wall solely based on the employee's they choose to represent them, but the reason I am sounding off now is because Angel was a total jerk from the get go! This guy has a serious attitude problem!  Sorry, but I don't  tip somebody $8 for taking an order, I would however tip if he served me, even if he was still the snot nose little prick that he is, I would still reward him for his efforts,  assuming he wasn't thief of course! Tomorrow after they open for business,  I will inform them of this crime,  and I promise to either update this review,  or remove it based on the outcome,  but unfortunately they have lost me as a customer,  I believe in supporting locally run businesses,  and many times I have recommended this place which I now regret,  the I.A.P. who now hold there monthly meetings at this place being one of them,, I am not looking forward to telling them how wrong I was! Maybe this is just an isolated incident,  and this is just on bad employee giving the whole establishment a bad name, we will just have to wait a see, like I said, I will follow up on this review,  and if in a week from now Angel is still employed here being allowed to steal from their loyal, hard working unsuspecting customers,  then we will know just what kind of place this really is, but if he is dismissed from his duties of representing this company as being petty little crooks I will have no other choice but to spread the word far and wide warning people of this scam, I have many outlets to voice my concerns,  I am very involved in the community, and very rarely do I speak ill of an small business working hard to make it. but when you steal from me I get angry. I have no tolerance for scam artists in my town!  That is all for now,  but I will keep everyone posted.  Thank you.*first update,  when I posted this review a few minutes ago, a picture came up with it, a picture that I posted some time ago which I have forgotten about! When I see a  business on Yelp that does not have a picture, and I support the business,  I will post a picture for them to help advertise,  I'm only pointing this out to illustrate how hurt, betrayed,  and utterly sickened by what was done to me, for a measly $8 they lost a loyal customer, and now have their reputation at risk.
2	Well I have been to this restaurant before and the Pizza has been good. I like the Deep Dish so I went online and looked to order a pizza for myself. I called and ordered a small deep dish pizza with one topping. Price said $9.99 plus $1.75 for the item just enough for myself. When I go to the restaurant I was presented my pizza and Luigi says $19.88.... I was shocked because I ordered a small and it was about $1.1.00. He showed me the in house menu and it says only one size for deep dish and its $17.00 plus items. I said your website offers a small at $9.99. Well, I did not have my proof and paid $19.88 for a pizza larger than I expected. Sure enough the website says a small for $9.99. I called back and was offered a thank you for pointing out the mistake. Warning when you order from the website menu verify the prices or show up expecting to pay for more than you bargained for.
4	I really wanted to give this place 5 stars but I'm rating on overall experience and not just the food. We arrived around 6pm and to our surprise we were seated right away. I knew immediately I was going to enjoy this place just from the aroma! Everything smelt so delicious. The garlic knots were fabulous my only compliant was the marinara sauce was a bit watery for my liking. I ordered the anti pasta salad which wasn't anything to write home about. It had a strong olive flavor. (Avoid it) My husband ordered the chicken parmesan sub and I had the tortellini with vodka sauce. My husband is super picky on trying new places and he loved his meal which was a shock! I was hesitant on ordering a 16 dollar pasta dish but it was OUT OF THIS WORLD GOOD! The cheese inside had amazing flavor and they were hand rolled tortellini! They had complimentary fresh bread, also amazing. The only negative to this place that hindering it from a 5 star rating is the service. The waitress was friendly but slow to return to the table. The restaurant seemed short staffed. We had to ask for refills and boxes as she was not attentive enough to notice. Another plus is military discount! Definitely a must try :-)
4	YES!!! What a place.This reminds me of my favorite places in the NJ, NY, & Philly areas. It's authentic in that they make really good food, every staff member is exceedingly personable, and the set up is fun.This was our first stop in after driving by so many times.We ordered a chicken parm and a cheesesteak and shared.Very satisfied!!Price - ReasonableQuality - Very goodService - OUTSTANDING
5	We eat here quite often as it is so close to work. We always call our order in ahead of time since we only have 30 minutes for lunch. Food is always ready when we get there, Jackie, the waitress is always attentive - great personality. She always checks up on us if we need anything. Highly recommend this restaurant!
4	Very nice and clean environment. Good food just a little on the high side on price. Over all very good time.
5	Food was really good the chicken Alfredo was very creamy the garlic knots were delicious. The staff was pleasant will definitely return.
4	I've had different wait staff experiences to include a very very attentive and concerned waitress as well as a waiter that made us feel like we were bothering him by being there. I've also felt as if the main dining room is where all the action and attentiveness is focused(I love sitting in there)  and the back rooms are more forgotten about and not as cozy.  Overall I love love love their food. The chicken parmigiana is phenomenal, spaghetti is amazing and their pizza is to die for. The garlic knots are a must to start with. Everything  is fresh  and doesn't have that "sitting in a warmer"  taste. Kids can make their own pizza to feel all important...there are mini tvs on some of the tables and the best part is a great selection of wonderfully priced  beers, wines, and even wine coolers! I had family in town this week and they really enjoyed the food. (Unfortunately not the waiter or service) this won't discourage me from going there again. I will request the main dining area though. This place is a cute little date night type of Italian restaurant. Enjoy!
5	Pizza was good, nice thin crust. Ordered a to go pizza, it was ready quickly and the employees were friendly. We will be going back and dining in for the full experience.
4	Went here last night after my son's practice.  The ambiance is great.  It definitely had a pizza place setting and atmosphere.  They also have a small TV at each booth so you can watch what you want to watch while eating. We received 6 free garlic knots for checking in on Yelp, and we weren't disappointed.  The knots were very good, but the marinara sauce wasn't anything special to me.We ordered a half cheese/half sausage, pepperoni, mushroom, & olive.  They certainly didn't skimp on the toppings; they were piled on top of each other.  I just felt like I was looking at a DiGiorno Pizza when they brought it out though.  The pizza itself was decent.  Better than your crummy franchise places, but certainly not as good as a Rosati's or Villa.  The cheese was good; but again, the sauce wasn't anything memorable.  The veggies and meat were fresh to me.  All in all, I had no issues with it.The service was fine; our waiter checked in us repeatedly.  The rest of the family enjoyed it.  So while I feel 3 stars is good, I'll bump to 4 considering my family's opinion.  We'll certainly make it back.
4	Excellent from the garlic knots to the chicken parm. Everyone in our group was very pleased. Portions are huge! The waiter was a bit flakey, so one star off for service issues. Not a fancy place, just real good food.
3	I'll start by saying that I am an avid visitor at Bambini's and greatly enjoy their food. The best garlic knots as well as best tasting pasta (marinara is fantastic) in town that I've found so far. I gave Bambini's 3 stars for a couple different reasons... Service isn't very consistent between different servers, and one particular reason that made me want to write this review... First of all, if you are unaware, most meals come with a side of bread (or you can substitute for 4 garlic knots) only problem is they do not tell you nor ask that there is this side that comes with most meals.The first few times I had eaten at Bambini's we had ordered just our pasta dishes and nothing else and eventually became curious to why there wasn't some kind of side that came with our dishes.... until I asked that is. Ever since then I have had to 'remind' the waiter/waitress that we would like our side of garlic knots with our dishes which I think is completely ridiculous. I just ordered 2 dishes to go over the phone last night and asked if they would substitute the bread for the knots and the waitress replied "Yes!". At which point when I picked up the food I was skeptical if they had really had given me the knots I had asked for and they gave me a bag which had a smaller bag inside (which I thought the knots were in) as well as 2 containers with pasta in them. Seeing that smaller bag made me think those must be the knots but only to realize when I finally arrive home that this smaller bag had a loaf of bread in it which was incredibly disappointing considering that I live a distance away from Bambini's. It almost seems that they don't want to give sides to any dishes but they put no voice towards it. Of course I have no idea if this is true it is my observation.Remember, ASK for the side of bread or garlic knots along with your dish or the only food that arrives will be your dish only.
4	I came in for a private event in their banquet area. The staff was very attentive and patient with our large group. I will echo what other Yelp-ers have said, you definitely have to try the garlic knots, they're delicious. I had some pepperoni pizza which was tasty but didn't knock my socks off. The cannoli was also very good, I inhaled it. The banquet space was ample although I noticed that the room we were in was considerably warmer than the rest of the restaurant. I was sweating a bit and several others commented on the warmth. Other than that it was a great experience!
4	Loved it here. Decor is cute and inviting. Our waitress was attentive and we got so comfortable that we didn't realize two hours had passed. Each booth has a small television and it was nice to have pizza and watch ESPN at the same time. Food was good. We will return.
4	Great food but yelp coupon not accepted per manager. He said they are expired! Third time enjoy the food and atmosphere.
5	I loved it! The pizza was great, rally fresh mozzarella and good sauce. I got a 1/4 rotisserie chicken and it was phenomenal, crisp and juicy. The atmosphere was super cute.  They fell a little short in the wine selection though, only Barefoot and Bolla...so a hangover comes at no additional cost...
1	Blehh tastes like wayyy over priced microwave pizza! Bland! Weird cheese. The only reason we got food from here is because Sofia's best was closed. Sofia's is 100 times better and for half the price. I will never go back to bambinis just because the food tastes like crap. I would rather have little Caesars than this place
5	The First Time That My Boyfriend And I Went Here And Our Experience Was Great! We Were Greeted Right Away And Everyone Is So Friendly.  The Ambience Inside Has A Italian Feel To It.  Service Is Great! - Very Attentive!! Heard Raving Reviews About The Garlic Knots And They Are Super!! Everything Here Is Great!!! This Is Definitely A Go To Place!!!!
1	I was looking for a great pizza place here in town so I spent about an hour looking at reviews deciding where I wanted to go. I decided on bambinis so I took the long drive across town, excited . I ordered the BBQ chicken pizza, the house pizza, and an order of garlic knots. I arrived to pick it up right before close, the staff was really friendly. So the house pizza was good (reminded me of digornos honestly) it was cheesy soft and yummy. My garlic knots were hard and burnt, with black at the bottom, idk why they would even give those to me, and lastly the BBQ chicken pizza looked nice on top, but was as hard as a rock. Over cooked and disgusting. It literally was flavorless chicken topped cardboard. I was so so disappointed, guess where those overpriced items went? Into the trash!!!! 1 out of 3 33% bambinis that's a F as far as I'm concerned. called the next day to let the staff know about my not so great first experience and I was told they'd replace the garlic knots but not the pizza because I ate it. I ate a slice and the trash ate the rest!! When I explained that to the girl who answered the phone she said she would have the Manager call me, I've called four times and still no reply!! I'm beyond frustrated at this time and will never eat here again!
5	I have been ordering pizza and pasta on a weekly basis for the last year. Their deep dish is to die for!  They are always consistent with their product...fresh, hot and tons of cheese!!! The crust is just right......not too sooty and not to hard. Their staff is professional and friendly. The ambiance is great! I feel like I am back east every time I walk in. Keep it up!
4	Pizza made to order. My grandpa has been searching for someone that will make him a good New York style pizza, and they hit the mark. After searching for years, they won him over!!
4	Great food! Excellent service and food was made fresh! Must try calzones and pasta. Went close to closing time waitress was still friendly and professional.
5	This was my first time eating here it was me,my kids and my dad and we honestly loved it. There pizza was amazing it so good everything was fresh. There garlic knots are amazing and so are there canolis. We honestly lovedthere food so much. We will definitely be eating here again. And i would definitely  recommend this place to place to everyone. If you haven't ate here yet you definitely need to!!!!
5	Best pizza west of the Mississippi! Great food. Great people. Great for fzmilies. Ask for the kids build their own pizza specisl. Kids make their own custom pizza.  Garlic knots are awrsome.
4	Came here with my sister and her boyfriend on Sunday, 8/3/14.So, I've heard the garlic knots here are the best ever..... That they ARE!!!  Soft, Garlicy, and Buttery.I ordered Penne w/Chicken in Vodka Sauce - LARGE PORTIONS!!!  I also, ordered a 10" Spinach Pizza.  Crust is good.  Crispy & Thin.  I was a little disappointed that they didn't use fresh mushrooms and spinach.  One can tell if mushrooms are canned or spinach is coming out of a box.  It was tasty enough to eat though.  My sister had the spaghetti in meat sauce - Large Portions again!  Very tasty - Sauce has a unique taste.  Not a bad thing - Just different.I'll come again and try a different pizza, but will definitely be coming back for the KNOTS!
5	I brought my family from Houston here for lunch and we really enjoyed the food! We had plenty of leftovers for the next day. Definitely will be visiting here again :)
1	Got food poisoning last night!My cousin and I went there last night, for the first time, and we were both up all night being sick!  We both have/had "the runs" and the only common factor was eating at this over priced, under decorated, hole in the wall.  We each had an iced tea, split some garlic knots and an antipasto salad.  My cousin had a meatball calzone and I had a small pizza with pepperoni and mushrooms.  The total came to $55.07 for that order!  The plastic, uncovered tables ere not very clean, they have paper napkins and plastic "glasses".  We had to try to get our waiter to come clean our table of empty dishes (someone cam out of the kitchen to see if we need something.  We told him we wanted to get rid of our salad plates so he called the waiter over.  The waiter ignored him, too).  I had to ask for a plate for my pizza.  I would say it was not worth it considering we both spent the night in our respective  bathrooms!  It could have been the: iced tea, salad (not the dressing as I only ate that), or the sauce.  I will never eat here again!!
4	Check for Yelp coupon!  Food was delish and I loved the atmosphere.  We shared an Italian sub and a pizza.  Pizza was cooked the way it was meant to be.  Crisp crust and not running with grease.  Our server was on it and very friendly.  Can't wait to go back!
5	Great pizza and great atmosphere. Never disappointed when I come here. The wait staff always makes you feel like you are a regular. Best place in town!
3	Upon entrance floors filthy grimy, place is dead on Sunday lunch, TV will give you a neck injury when watching, food is ok (hard to mess up pizza) bathrooms dirty, service is ok...doors wide open with flies flying everywhere, and best of Las Vegas signs everywhere just in case you were wondering....
4	Just went to eat there last night and they are closed. Signs gone and everything. They had the best garlic knots and really good cheesesteaks. What happened?
5	I was sad to see that they closed...... I loved this place.
4	Great service, great food, reasonable prices. If you are looking for a casual sit down Italian restaurant, this is the place!
