5	Yay! Karve Studio finally made it to Scottsdale and I was there for opening day! It's a great workout that is basically a combination of ballet barre work, core conditioning and stretching. It's a one hour class that is challenging and a lot of fun. I totally dig the music -- I usually snag a song or two at the end of class to add to my ipod playlist. :)Also, the Scottsdale studio will have a kids room and a locker room and showers. Total perk!Can't wait to go back...
4	Disclaimer: This review is being written by someone with very limited experience taking studio classesI was nervous about taking a Karve class because 1. I knew nothing about it 2. It has been a while since I took a class and 3. Studios in Scottsdale can be .,... you know.... Scottsdaley...I utilized the website prior to the class to find out more information about karve, what to wear, what to expect, etc. I found the website to be extremely informative and impressive!I was pleasantly surprised at how friendly the staff were, especially since it's dab smack in the middle of snottsdale. Everyone was really helpful and informative, and I never felt uncomfortable or intimidated.The class was definitely a challenge, and I am feeling it this morning, but the instructor (Kendra) was very patient with all of the beginners and made me feel comfortable. Some of my neighbors were a little put off by the class helpers that kept coming over to help get their positions right (I had my own visit a time or two) but I think they just wanted each person to maximize their experience.The studio is in a great location and is really really nice. It was clean and the temperature and music levels were perfect.My only complaint was that the instructor did not demonstrate every move, but we did have the class helpers around to fix whatever mistakes we were making. I really enjoyed the class and bought a 3-class package to try it out a few more times, so I am definitely a fan! If I can walk, maybe I will head back tomorrow....
4	I was a workout class virgin until I took the class at Karve on Tuesday evening. While it didn't make me a convert to studio classes, it was a very intense, challenging, and different kind of workout for me. The studio is located along the Waterfront and is right across from Canal. The entire staff I interacted with last night from the girl at the front desk to our instructor Kendra to the class helpers were all very nice and helpful. The website is really good and you can even schedule classes online which is a great feature.The Karve class combines ballet barre work, yoga, pilates and free weights to work your entire body...last night I discovered muscles I didn't even know I had! Even though I work out 4-5 times a week (weights and cardio), I still had to take a few second break once or twice during the one hour class because of the intensity and the fact it was a completely new way of working out for me. Breaks are encouraged if you need them and I saw others in the class stop for a few seconds when it got to be too much for them. I really liked the  fact there are class helpers and was not insulted at all when they came over to me once or twice (ok maybe more like five or six times) to correct what I was doing. I am glad they fixed it so I would be working the muscle or area I should have been. I did learn last night that if your legs start shaking uncontrollably, that's a good thing! I agree with Amber that I would have liked if the instructor had demonstrated all the moves because I am very much a visual learner. Overall, Karve was a great workout and I am definitely feeling it this morning! I plan to go back and take classes occasionally to mix my workout up.
4	I enjoyed taking the karve class. The instructor was really friendly and helpful throughout the class, adjusting my positions. They use a ballet barre, which really adds something that other classes don't have. I was pretty sore from lifting weights two days before (I'm always more sore the second day), but thought it would be fine. For the most part, it was great. I would definitely try coming by when you aren't sore, or stretching for awhile before hand. We did have a lady leave after about ten minutes. I guess she couldn't hang. I don't think that should scare anyone off, though. You really can adjust this class to fit you. The studio is light, clean and modern. They ask you to leave your purse outside on a peg. I was fine with it, but I would have preferred if they had lockers. One of the best things is the online sign up feature. You can manage all of your classes from their website. Really helpful!I'd like to keep coming, but I'm afraid $20 a class is too expensive a habit to start up regularly. Maybe every other week or so. It will also be a great place to go with girlfriends before lunch in Old Town. I'll be back for sure.
4	While Karve opening a location in Scottsdale may be great for me physically, it's not so great for my wallet... But as they say, and as I believe, "you can't put a dollar amount on your health." So, looks like I'll be shelling out some dollars to Karve to keep me healthy and strong!I'd taken a few Karve classes at the Mesa location, so I'm happy to have Karve access closer to home now.  The studio is beautiful.  Fresh, clean, and convenient... all factors that make me want to return.  Plus, the two classes I've taken there so far have been challenging and fun.  I took Kendra's class on a Tuesday and Casey's class on a Monday.  I was a tad bit sore from both, but a good sore... I agree with some of the other feedback about the studio not having lockers for purses, and I know showers are coming although that is not a priority for me since I live so close.  All in all, Karve is a great way for me to cross train - i love how it combines toning and strength along with stretching for flexibility, and that it really is a full body workout.  Combine Karve class with some cardio and a healthy diet, and you'll be good to go... at least that's what I keep telling myself!Hope to see some of you yelpers at class - just not so many that I can't get a reservation when I want one!
4	Karve now has lockers!I took another class today - i cannot get enough...I believe showers are coming soon too.I recommend taking a few classes to see which instructors you enjoy the most... I'm still sticking to Kendra and Casey for now!
5	I stumbled across Karve Studio while looking for a Pilates studio near my office (the next attempt in a long search for the perfect workout). After one class, my search was over. Karve combines everything I love from ballet barre inspired moves, to yoga and pilates. And (BIG bonus) it is all in an hour. Karve engages (and challenges) all of my major muscle groups while incorporating various stretches (which is awesome because I never stretch on my own). I leave each class feeling refreshed, long, and lean. Don't get me wrong - this is not an easy breezy class - I can ALWAYS feel the workout the next day! The instructors are all friendly and well trained. The class size is limited, so I always feel like I get personal attention when it's needed. It is great to have someone know your name when they are correcting your posture :) The music is current and the new Scottsdale studio is big, modern and just fantastic! I cannot give enough praise to Karve...
4	Having had a baby 3 months ago, it was about time I stated getting my body back into some form of shape, and I was fortunate to have Miss Gabi K bring me to Karve today. What a great space! Clean and attractive, and the instructors we knowledgeable and friendly! The class we took today (i dont know the name, but it was like a fusion of ballet, yoga, and pillates) kicked my butt (which I'm hoping looks a little firmer now). It engaged muscles that I had forgot I had and has officially kick started me into returning to the workout world. I wish we had a place like this in Minneapolis...
5	I have now taken six classes with three different instructors and there have been some additional improvements to the studio, so I thought I would do an update.I have a love-hate relationship with Karve, but in such a good way. I absolutely love to hate the instructor for kicking my ass :-pI have taken four classes with Kendra, two with Ali and one with Gina and I was impressed every time. I think Gina kicked my ass the most, Ali inspired me the most and Kendra is definitely the most forgiving.What I love most about Karve is that the hour flies by, but it is actually fun. Normally I HATE working out, so the fact that I look forward to Karve class is pretty amazing. You can control how much you push yourself, and you get immediate results. I felt better and tighter after just two classes, and I actually find myself missing being there when I am not soaking in the hot tub nursing my sore muscles!I like the new improvements (lockers, shower, etc) and I really like the girls that work the front desk. They also have daycare for those of you that are parents. If you are a first timer, DEFINITELY take advantage of one of the new student packages because I guarantee you can't go just once!
4	This is a great studio class for those who are tired of their normal gym routine.  It works muscles that you just don't get to on gym machines.  The hour long classes go by quickly and the instructors are helpful to newbies!  If the classes weren't so pricey, I'd be a regular.  I would definitely recommend the (slightly less expensive) intro packages.
4	Ok...I just got my ass kicked....for the second time.  The first time was when I had my first session at Karve.I worked areas on my body that never seen exercise before.  With the mixture of yoga, ballet, pilates, and free weights, you will for sure feel the burn after your one hour class.  I love it that the instructor makes sure that you are doing the exercises correctly...not like other fitness classes that I attended.  The instructor does not frown upon the student when they either need a break or cannot do a certain exercise. Also, I do have issues with my back, and I feel that this type of exercise can definitely build the strength that I need to help.  I just have to build strength in my neck for some of the exercises.I am still trying to debate if I am going to by a package here. I have issues with my hand that affects me doing some of the challenges.  But they have specials for new clients and discounts for buying classes in packages.  But I do know if I want to get better at this, I have to go more.Stay tuned.
5	I have been saying to myself for weeks, "self, you should try Karve tonight."  Then I'd drive to LA Fitness and fight people for machines again.  Well, last night I broke that cycle.Karve is reminiscent of the dance studios I belonged to as a child and teenager.  Working out with the ballet bar made me think that maybe I could actually regain some of my youthful flexibility... not that I'm old now or anything, but I'm not 16 anymore.  Most of the class consisted of small movements that target specific muscles.  It was all about being in the proper position and it made my muscles shake with fatigue.  The last time my muscles shook with Fatigue was when I would run up the stairs in my 16 story apartment building in L.A.  Now, I have no stairs to climb, but I don't need 'em thanks to Karve.I'll be going to Karve as much as possible over the next month... I bought the unlimited monthly package for $100.  I'm so happy I won't be wondering around LA Fitness becoming exasperated looking for a free weight machine anymore.  Well, at least I will not be doing that as often.
5	I have been trying to get into a consistent workout routine for years... I've tried it all! gym memberships, pilates, training for a marathon but was never able to stick with anything... until Karve that is! My husband found it for me on here actually and thought I should try it (not sure what he was trying to hint at with that... but i love my improved Karve body too much now to care :)Anyway, I went and am now hooked! it is the greatest work out ever - its hard but the results happen so quickly that its motivating... and its really the only workout routine that I've ever been able to stick with ever!  and with going multiple times a week I found that it even changed my appetite - I no longer feel annoying cravings so eating healthier is easier for me (a former carb/chocolate fiend)It really helped me finally get into a more active/healthy lifestyle - I know that sounds so cliche but I'm still shocked everyday that a lazyass/sweets-eating like me is actually working out on a regular basis - and its all bc of the great method of Karve.... plus the instructors are SO sweet and nice/friendly and supportive I'm honestly making friends there... all in all a stellar review for Karve Studio!! i'm a believer :)
5	Karve is a completely different work out than any other work out I have ever tried. I've taken pilates, various dance classes, kickboxing, self defense, cycling...the list goes on. Karve gives me the best work out of any of those classes I just listed. Karve combines multiple forms of exercise, such as ballet and pilates, into a work out that will challenge you for SURE. Some of the moves are done with free weights, some with a ball, and some at the barre. Alli is the instructor that I enjoy the most, because she is encouraging without being peppy and annoying. She will challenge you, without being harsh. She's great basically. The studio itself is very nice, with bathrooms, a private shower and changing room. Daycare is provided during some of the class times, which is specified on their website. They also offer a small retail section, which has some great looking work out clothes. That being said, im hooked on Karve.
5	Karve is by far the best workout I have ever tried. The instructors are amazing and always push me further than I ever thought I could push myself. The results of this workout are long, lean muscle, which is precisely what I had been looking for. Workouts I tried in the past made me feel like I was bulking up, rather than slimming down. I am totally hooked on Karve and highly recommend it.
3	i purchased 3 classes to this studio through Groupon. The first class I took with Alli, and I really enjoyed it. My arms were so sore the next day, I could barely brush my own hair. The next class I took, the instructor did not seem like she wanted to be there, and had no encouragement for me, other than, "No, you're doing that wrong" (umm, sorry? i'm new to this) I still haven't gone back as I don't want to take my third class with anyone except Alli, and her schedule just hasn't jived with mine.
5	I found Karve on Yelp after doing research into Ballet Barre / Berk Method workouts.  Due to a few back injuries, this workout suited my need of an effective, low impact toning workout that would strengthen my core and back.    Now let me start out by saying I had never been to a group exercise class.  Classes freak me out.  My tendency to trip and fall for no apparent reason and overall lack of coordination had up until this point prevented me from setting foot into any environment with potential for embarrassment.   I turned 30 last year and am obsessed with stopping the hands of time both externally and internally.   I had set a goal for myself of getting a six pack by 2011.  Hell I would even take a four pack.  It was time to man up.  So I pulled the trigger on Karve, signing up for a  "Karve Basics" class. Like a good little student, I arrived 15 minutes early and filled out the needed paper work.  That night's teacher was Casey, who I affectionately refer to as "Throw up lady".  This nickname is a result only of what I did when I got home from my first class, it has nothing to do with Casey personally, whose classes I have come to enjoy.  Other then the projectile vomiting and nearly falling down the stairs after class due to my legs shaking violently, I loved it.  She ran through a few of the moves we do in class, and a nice stretch, class began with a few minutes of marching in place coupled with different arm movements to warm up.  For the next hour we did arm work, planks and pushups, ballet inspired stretches at the bar, thigh and the dreaded seat work, and the most intense as well designed ab workout I had ever done.  When the lights were turned off at the end of the class and we cooled down with some yoga poses and stretches, I felt both misery and bliss at the thought of it ending.  I now am a loyal "auto pay unlimited month" client and have been going for about 6 months, and am so glad I found a workout I love and am committed to for the long run.  I'm sure many of you reading this are debating giving it a shot, and I urge you to do so.  But I also feel it is my duty to bring you up to speed on a few things that I wish I knew , because I want everyone to enjoy Karve as much as I do.  So #1, Karve Basics is NOT an introductory class. All "basics" means is that the focus is on holding the correct form. I actually think it's harder because instead of transitioning moves every 10 seconds or so, you hold them for 20 plus seconds. Brutal.  #2 Don't expect a miracle.  I thought within 3 months of 3-4 classes a week I would look like Gisele in a bikini.  Not so much.  After 6 months I am almost at my goal, so I think 6-9 months of consistent classes will have most people in pretty decent shape.  #3 It takes about 5-10 classes to feel like you are doing all the moves correctly.  What's great about Karve is no one judges you because we have all been there, so if you can't complete a pose or drop to your knees on pushups, no worries. When you get it right, it feels amazing.  #4 Another reviewer on here commented on only wanting to go to Alli's class, because compared to other instructors she seems the most encouraging.  I have to agree, but don't make that an excuse to not go.  If you need help, any of these lovely ladies will go above and beyond.  But Alli overall is the most patient with newbies and I enjoy her class immensely.  I think Tara, Michelle, and Danielle are also good choices for your first class, they will take time to show you how to modify moves if you have an injury or are new to Karve.  Casey is a great teacher and is very creative. She just got a bad rep around my house because of the projectile vomiting I mentioned earlier, but she is awesome and her class is always a challenge.  I pretty much only can attend the 7PM classes or weekends, so I can't really speak about the daytime teachers.  Kendra is the owner, and I've only been able to go to her class once or twice, but she is so graceful to watch you can't help but want to stick it out so you can look like look like her! Gina is like a damn drill sergeant. No joke her class is hard and she moves quickly.  Her class is a challenge for seasoned Karve students (a good thing), but I personally can't say I would send a friend to her for their first class.  One Saturday she taught Karve Basics, and I watched a girl there for the first time practically break into tears of frustration trying to keep up with the quick pace.  I felt compelled to say hi to her after class and tell her it's not always like that, and I hoped she would come back.  Let's just say we never saw her again.   This is MY opinion, all the teachers are great in their own ways and you need to find the ones that suit you. But DON'T let a teacher you don't jive with be your excuse not to get your butt in there!So thanks Karve - you've done me right and I look foward to a long friendship! If you are thinking about trying it, do it!
5	I Don't Work Out.  I've always had to force myself to be more active or try new exercise methods.  I've done: the Gym-which i still enjoy sometimes when it's slowI've tried the P90X videos-not disciplined enough to make myself do it when there is a sofa right behind meYoga-tried VERY hard to love yoga, Very hard and for some reason it just wouldn't stick, i found it boring and i could never get my mind to stay quiet and the repetitive nature of the  routines bothered me...I still want to love yoga and hopefully  i will one day-but not now.and then i tried Bikram-no thanks, i can't focus on anything but the smell, the sweating and staring at the door for some cool air...i tried really hard there too...didn't work out.NOW-i just took my first class at Karve today and this is something different.  It's more high energy than yoga without being high impact like the gym.  They play upbeat music, have natural lighting, it's on carpet (you wear socks) so its great when your doing exercises on the floor or trying to balance. The beginner class i was in only had 4 student including myself so the attention the instructor gave was awesome.  The whole point of the class is SMALL movements and focusing on the position and feeling of your body.  I was in class 3 hrs ago and I can feel the workout all over my body...I got the month unlimited for new students for $100 and plan on attending at least 2/3 times a week.  I will write an update after i've had a chance to see some results.  If your looking for something NEW that's going to help with toning your body, posture, strength and help with your flexibility ...Give this place a try...
5	"OMFG." That's what I kept muttering to myself as I was working through the routine. "OMFGawwwwwwddddd...."I'm not going to bore you with my personal exercise routine and how it's different from this so it's not what i'm used to and blah blah. No one cares about that. Because if you did, then you and I would have talked about that by now. But for real... this is different than what I am used to. The routine isn't difficult per se, so all of you non-exercisers shouldn't stop reading at this point (go check it out!). But it activates areas that you don't normally use just walking back and forth throughout your day. The movements are small with virtually no jarring impacts yet there are no long-held poses like in boring yoga. It's like Pilates, with a twist. I mean, I've done Pilates before... and I never left a Pilates class in my life feeling like I really had a real workout. And certainly not yoga, fer chrissakes, not even Bikram ever impressed me the way this low-impact routine did. I mean, the movements are fluid and I don't care how stiff you say you are, you can do them. The holding movements and repetitive motions will give you something to think about, that's for sure. It's interesting and different and the hour flies by quickly.
2	I've done Bar Method for years.  New to the area, I checked this place out and found the instructor (don't know her name, tall blond) to be sub par.  She didn't seem to know that some of the exercises she was teaching could actually injure someone.  She was either taught by someone who didn't know what they were doing or she's just not a good teacher.  Either way, not a good experience.Try another studio that offers the same type of thing.
3	I am writing an update on this review after a response by the owner.She took the feedback well and was also kind in her responses...so that deserves an A-OK in my book.  I wish I could review higher...but still my review was on the class experience I had which remains...Meh.  Indeed, maybe the instructor was having an off day.  I still wish I'd been better instructed on how to deal with that beam that the bar was attached to.  Based on the owner's response, the studio deserves a second chance and if I were in the area, I'd give it one more try...and probably with another instructor or the owner herself.
5	I have a problem. It starts with my need to exercise, and it ends with the proximity of Karve Studio to my home. I attempt to visit at least 3x weekly and with the auto-pay package, I get an incredible deal over every other  'ballet-barre fitness class' that is being offered as the craze hits the Valley. I appreciate that Kendra has a studio solely for Karve, and that the quality isn't compromised by instructors who don't know what they're doing -- these ladies are pros who not only teach, but TAKE the classes and 'shake' with you.I make no claims to be the thinnest or fittest person in the world, but if the ladies of Karve have their way, I'll be the same size (or smaller) for the foreseeable future
5	I may be mildly obsessed with going to Karve. After the first 3 classes I could already feel and see results in the flatness of my tummy and lift in my rear. It's unlike any other fitness class I've done because it's so challenging without any hard impact or traditional cardio, even though your heart rate gets up.  The instructors are all simply awesome. They are experienced, so helpful and will teach you all about "the tuck" which is the way you contract your lower abs to connect your core to all the moves and helps perfect your form. They play current and motivating music throughout the class which makes the quaking in your legs seem more bearable. Tara is one of my favorites and gives really useful instructions on how to make the moves most effective. She also teaches a crazy hard 90 minute class on sundays sometimes. Give Karve a try and stick with it. You will be amazed with the results and crave Karve! Plus they have a great unlimited month for 1st time clients for $100, so no excuses.
5	Karve is the ideal workout for me. I first started about two years ago and took advantage of the new client special - $100 for unlimited classes for a month. I wish this was their standard cost, then I could come more than 2-3x a week. At $20 a class, it can be a little pricey. As a former gymnast - I absolutely love this workout. It seems to replicate similar body positions that I'm familiar with from my days of training as a kid. Also, you constantly have to push yourself and the instructors don't let you get a way with much. When you leave class and your legs feel like jello and your abs hurt with the slightest movement, you know it was worth it. You definitely see results fast after incorporating Karve into your schedule - I first noticed results in my abs and arms. Like most people, I don't have a lot of time to spend exercising, so when I do, I want it to be as intense as possible. This hour workout is just that. It's all about improving your core strength and is great for toning everything!
1	I went to this studio for about 3 months. The classes were ok, but the atmosphere was annoying. They only pay attention to people they know. They would say hi to their friends in class and not anyone else. If you know someone that works there it is a great place, if not, you are an outsider and pay for overpriced classes and don't get any help doing the workouts better. They are totally full of themselves. No thanks.
5	BEST WORKOUT EVER!I consider my self in somewhat decent shape, I do 4-6 days of cardio 40+ mins but this class kicked my ass! It's all body work and we used 1-2 lbs weights and my arms killed. I've never had my body shake so much from working so hard.I was hurting but the good deep work out burn for 2 days after my first workout. I cannot wait to join and do this as an alternative to my current workout. It has been the best workout I've done in a long while.the people were friendly, the hour went by super fast, nobody was rude, they were helpful, I was probably one of the younger girls there but there were older ladies, which gave me a boost. Its tough so its not for the weak!! great music to workout to as well.I bought there 100$ new client unlimited, which is a great deal already because it pays for it self in benefits and after 5 classes!! I totally cannot wait to be there almost everyday!!
4	I went to Karve for the first time yesterday & struggled to get out of bed this morning. I did an unlimited month at Pure Barre in Minneapolis in May but haven't taken a class since then, so it helped to be familiar with the workout but it was definitely different.The studio is in a great location with plenty of free parking available. It's beautiful inside & was very clean. Since it was my first class, the teacher showed me around the studio. It's super nice that they have lockers available! So, like I said, the class is similar to Pure Barre in the sense of the overall flow. Started with arms which was tough - very glad I had 1 lb weights when 2 lb felt like 200! I was surprised we were only at the barre for a 4 or 5 minute (per leg) sequence and didn't utilize the ball at all. However, clearly that was enough because my legs could not stop shaking & I'm definitely in pain right now.Good amount of stretching as well as a great ab workout as well!The check-in offer on Yelp is for a free class - but know that it is for when you refer someone to purchase a membership. However I've seen classes featured on Groupon Now for $10 (for weekday mornings) so it's a great excuse in itself to give it a try!
5	Great workout! Great environment! Great staff! Highly recommended if you want an excellent workout at a clean, fun and professional location, this is the only place to barre in the valley. The new owners are awesome! Be ready to work hard and reap the benefits of Karving!
5	This is by far the best fitness class I have ever taken.  I have been taking Pilates classes for years on the reformer and this doesn't even begin to compare.  A friend of mine in California recommended looking for a studio that teaches barre out in Scottsdale.  You will notice you are using muscles you didnt even know you had before...I know I did. :)They weren't kidding when they said if you come 4 times a week for a month, you will start to see results.  My body is starting to completely change in a faster pace than I ever did from Pilates and hiking.  Obviously you have to take your diet seriously as well...if you are eating healthy and can come to Karve (they have 2 studios...one in old town and a new one that just opened a few weeks ago in North Scottsdale) and you will see results. The staff is so friendly and very well educated so if you do have any injuries you need to work around.  The owners are very accommodating and do offer an awesome package for new clients....$100 for unlimited classes for the first month...great deal if you ask me.  I took advantage of this deal and I am now on my 4th month.  I highly recommend to come check it out.  I believe they do offer the first class for free.  Check out their website.  www.karvestudio.com and look for them on Facebook.  They do a great job on their FAQ page for anyone looking to try it out.  Go for it, you wont be sorry.
4	Excellent alternative to a standard gym experience.  I loved it!  Highly recommended to anyone looking to challenge your body and when you want to see results quickly.
1	I have to say, I really wanted to like this place.  A friend of mine raved about it, but I absolutely hated it (which is a shame because like a moron, I prepaid for an unlimited month before I even tried it--I ended up wasting $100).  I went to my first class and felt like a total outsider.  If you didn't know anyone in the class or the instructor, you were totally ignored.  The class was also really, really crowded, so individualized attention wasn't possible.  In addition, I felt totally lost on the movements because the instructor didn't take the time to go over proper form; you were just encouraged based on how much your legs were shaking.  In fact, the only time the instructor acknowledged me was when my leg(s) would shake uncontrollably (it happened more than I thought was possible or normal).  I have to say that personal trainers and pilates instructors have stopped me when my arms or legs began to shake during movements because it's a sign of muscle fatigue and can result in injury if you continue.  I thought it was really odd that the instructor got excited over something that could cause minor injuries.  It's no surprise that the next day I could barely walk.  I recovered within a day or two, but walking was pretty uncomfortable.  There is one other thing that totally deterred me from wanting to return after my first visit.  While this isn't totally PC, I think it needs to be said.  The instructor of the class was extremely overweight (borderline obese).  She had extremely thin and toned legs, but her midsection was unhealthy, to say the least.  It made me realize that this method of exercise almost exclusively toned arms and legs, but most likely did nothing for abs.  In any case, I won't be returning to this studio.  I truly believe that pilates is a much, much better and safer form of exercise.
4	Love this place! Awesome teacher and a great burn. Only drawbacks: its a bit hard to hear the instructor and I wish it was a bit cheaper.
4	What a great class!! My girlfriend and I tried it out for the first time and boy oh boy was it a challenge...in a good way! Will definitely return for a membership soon!
5	LOVE this studio and all the girls who work here. I had been so interested in trying Barre for some time and ever since I did it has been amazing. I have only done it 5 weeks but I can definitely see my body changing already. The girls are so supportive and motivating and always make sure you have correct form!
5	Karve is an intense challenge that targets areas you didn't even know could get sore along with all the major muscles! No matter your fitness level there are gains to come from this workout for sure!  Lve the shake and burn!!
4	Liked the space, it was clean and decorated nicely. Had a good mix of arms and legs and core work. The music was really good. Liked it for my first free intro class to test out but not sure I would come back and pay.
