5	I had the most spectacular breakfast experience in this restaurant. Came here twice recently and was very pleased. The location is set near perfect for the people in brossard, and in close walking distance from where I live. WIN! First off, with the food I'm sure everyone will be pleased with their dishes. They dont overcharge you and dont platter useless fruits all over your plate. I know some folks most probably like fruits with their orders but I think its better to charge extra as a side than just giving a whole bunch of fruits. This gives me more of the particular omelette, smoked salmon bagel, or pancakes that Im having without wasting a lot of fruits. Hash browns are a most order side here. And so is the smoothies, they use real fresh fruits and have a whole bunch of flavors for everyone to choose from in variety of small and large sizes ;)Both the times that I was here, I was served with a happy smile and fast service despite the whole place being packed!!! Atmosphere is friends, family and cozy enough for even just one person to get a seat by the window and watch cops pull over drivers for tickets... Just kidding, although a good watch for a morning view depending on how bored you are.Verdict: A Go to place if you want some cool breakfast =)
4	We were staying in Brossard and this place was right across the street from our hotel.  We wanted a traditional Quebec breakfast, not an American style, so we came here both days instead of using the free full breakfast included in our hotel stay.The staff was very friendly.  Service was fast.  They easily and happily accommodated our large group.The food was great.The only negative thing that prevents me from giving this review 5 stars is the creton.  My kids and I LOVE creton.  As far as the flavour of theirs goes, it was great.  However, the portion was very small.  Maybe a third of what you get at Cora's.  It was disappointing, especially since it tasted so good.  You could barley spread it over one piece of toast.  If they started giving real portions of creton, this would be a 5 star place.The menu is very good.  Everyone easily found something they enjoyed.
1	This place is NOT allergy friendly. After asking the waitress if she knew about the fish coming in contact with the rest of the food items she refused to serve the person whom was allergic in our group (we were 10 in total) and said that the cook would take no responsibility if anything were to happen.With serious food allergies it is a big no-no as the staff is not informed and there is no precautions taken for people with food allergies. After reading so many good reviews it was a disappointment. We didn't get to be served but at least at a glance they seemed to have fair prices!
