3	This place has everything you need if you own an Oreck.vacuum.He lady thar assisted me provided good customer service.I docked this store a couple of stars because they ask for all kinds of personal information if you pay with cash.  (Similar to Radio Shack.)  The whole point of paying cash is for me to get in and out as quickly as possible.
1	WOW...very rude team.  Brought in the vacuum 2 weeks ago to be looked at.  They called and we authorized $20 of work.  One week from the call passes and the phone at 6:30 pm on a Friday night from a manager stating: can you come in a pickup your vacuum, we have 60 vacuums here and have a fire safety issue.  Stated could pick it up on Monday, then asked if someone we know could pick it up tonight.  Informed them this was the first time they've call to say it was ready.  The response, that's no true, I watched someone dial your number a few days ago.  Informed no, that's not true.  Did they leave a voicemail.  Response, I don't know, maybe we dialed the wrong number, can you pick up your vacuum tonight.  Again, no and asked what they did.  Advised more work than we authorized including a new roller.  When asked, did it need a new roller?  The response, get this, I don't know we always recommend a roller when someone brings in a vacuum if over 2 years old.   Me, it's less than 2 years old.  Her, well we just always recommend it.  REALLY?  So...you just ask customers to pay for something that isn't needed?????  And you admit it...really?  Will NOT buy another vacuum cleaner from this store nor have anything serviced here. So, if you want someone to be rude and charge you for something you might not need, I highly recommend this store and specifically working with Deanna.
1	We came here a few years ago to get our Dyson Animal repaired.  The employee wouldn't stop talking about how much they hated Dyson vacuums and that they recommended we just buy a different brand instead of getting ours fixed.  I appreciate their opinion, but they kept repeating it over and over like a parrot to the point that I still haven't forgotten it years later.The loaner vacuum they gave us barely worked.  We ended up not even using it for the three weeks it took them to fix our vacuum.  When we got our vacuum home, they had fixed the roller brush, but the vacuum wasn't cleaning like it had when it was newer.  We had asked if they could fix it and they said no, because it was a bad brand and that's why they don't recommend the vacuum.Our vacuum roller recently stopped working again.  This time I went onto YouTube and found a 10 minute video that showed how to fix the clutch assembly.  So I ordered a new clutch online for $40 and replaced it myself in about 30 minutes total time.  Interestingly, the clutch assembly in the vacuum had the date stamped on it from when the vacuum was originally built. I suspect that they never replaced the clutch assembly when we brought it in, and they only replaced the belt.  I could have ordered a new belt online for about $4.  I have no idea why this would have cost $180, other than I was foolish enough to agree to pay it.Since replacing the clutch assembly on our Dyson, the thing is working like it's new again.  In hindsight, paying $180, waiting 3 weeks, and dealing with their employees is not something I will ever do again.  I would recommend you try a different store and hopefully you'll have a better experience.
1	If I could give negative stars I would, but only on this particular store. I LOVE my orek vacuum. I bought my orek vacuum at this location 8 years ago. I have brought it here every year for its yearly check up. Every time I visit the store, it has different people working there. And for the most part they have been rude or very unhelpful. The only time they were helpful was when I was purchasing my vacuum. Whoever managed the store then was great. I went in today for my yearly service and since I have a small part with electrical tape on the cord, they said they couldn't service it without replacing the cord. I don't want to replace it because I'm about to buy a new vacuum this year. I've had electrical tape on one little spot on the cord for the last two  years and they have never said anything about it. Not only that, there is a two and a half week turn around on the vacuum. I can't go two days without vacuuming! The guy that was there was so unhelpful, just like the past employees and the manager was even worse. Not the service you expect when you pay $800 for a vacuum. I think I will buy a dyson next. Tired of being treated so rude.
1	This Oreck store is the worst store ever. I have never wrote a negative review but felt that needed to warn other patrons. If I could have given it a negative 5,  I would of. The sales person, Tim, needs major customer service education. He was just plain RUDE. Just state they lost my business and I plan to warn all others to stay away.
