5	I called about 10 places this morning getting quotes to have our kitchen piping snaked out.  I received a quote as high as $160.00, and as low as $95.00... And sometimes there is something to be said about the "value" of service you will recieve... Well, guess what?  The $95.00 quote was exactly what I needed.  They came out about 20 minutes after I called, were here for about 35-45 minutes, the problems was resolved, and the gentleman was friendly as can be.  He even took the time to explain why the problem occured in the first place, and what to do if it happens again.I would in a heartbeat recommend these folks to any of you who are having plumbing problems.  Don't be fooled by these companies that are charging almost double.  The value is right Here!
5	GREAT guy! He just called me because he heard from a mutual friend my pipes froze (it's Sunday!). How great is that? He also put in a toilet and refused to charge me nearly the prevailing wage for that service and also went to Home Depot and helped me pick it out. What else can I say?
4	Price is a little bit on the high side, but the service is fast. I called them and they came within 2 days, and took about 15 minutes to replace my shower thread. Simple and fast service
5	Yelp pointed me in the right direction again.  Found my hot water heater leaking.  I shut it off, started draining the tank and fired up Yelp for help.  Found SavOn Plumbing with good references.  After arming myself with some Internet research on hot water tanks and a visit to Home Depot, I called SavOn Plumbing to discuss the problem.  They agreed with me that Bradford White tanks were a good choice for my situation.  Only professional plumbers can get this brand but there are some Internet Plumbing sites that will sell and ship them.  SavOn let me schedule installation at a time convenient to me, showed up on time and made quick work of the installation.  They also gave me instructions on how to handle routine issues.  I never knew I was suppose to have the tank serviced every three to four years.  The internal sacrificial anode prevents water chemistry from attacking the tank and fittings.  It has to be checked or replaced every few years to prevent damage to the tank.  Now I know.  Thanks for courteous, fast, professional and informative service.  SavOn is on the top of my list to call for future plumbing issues.
5	WOW!  I'm not easily impressed - especially with the repairmen and handymen my husband and I have used over the past 35 years of homeownership and a major remodel a couple of years ago.  But, I was incredibly impressed with Branden and Steve of Sav-on Plumbing.  (And NO - I am not a friend of theirs and they aren't a member of my family....this is a legitimate review!).  Unfortunately, we found water leaking under the baseboards in our house.  We had experienced a pipe leak several years ago and it was not a pleasant experience.  I've used Yelp for many things and thought I'd start there to look for a reputable plumber.  There were a number of good reviews for Sav-on Plumbing and they also came up with an "A" in the Better Business Bureau website.  So we gave them a call.  It turns out there were a couple of leaks and so we had a few options - go through the slab (YUK), repipe just the broken pipes or do a complete repipe of the house.  We were in a panic not knowing which course to take and suffering from shell-shock at the costs.  Rather than trying to push and sell us - Branden instead told us NOT to make any rash decisions - take time to think about it and just let him know. We chose to repipe the entire house - so our experience was probably one of the largest jobs a plumber does.  We couldn't have been more pleased!!  Branden and Steve showed up on time, did a superb job of repiping, CLEANED UP THEIR MESS, and even handled some other minor piping issues (replacing old handles and stops, etc) as part of the project.  If you're looking for a plumber - look no further!  This company IS THE WAY TO GO!  Two thumbs up from us - AAAA+ service.
5	Now I know why they have a 5 star rating on here. We woke up to a mini flood in our hallway last week and being so close to the holidays, I didn't think we could get it all handled without a lot of time and money. I found their reviews on Yelp and gave them a call. Brandon was here in a matter of minutes, immediately found the problem and fixed it. As i was on the phone with our insurance trying to get water restoration companies to handle the water and dry it out, Brandon already called his guy at Service 1 and they were here before Brandon left. I like that Brandon came in, fixed the problem and never gave us the run around on quotes and pricing. They are an honest company and that's just what we needed! Very impressed with their services!
5	Another 5 star review for Tom and Brandon.  I had a water leak right off my water main / meter and called them on Jan 2 to schedule an appt.  Tom got me scheduled the next day and Brandon called ahead to let me know when he would be there as I had a dentist appt that afternoon.Brandon was on time, polite, knowledgeable, and pretty efficient.  The price seemed very fair given the amount of work needed and he quoted it up front (Which I really appreciated).Brandon also noticed some issues around my water heater that needed attention and gave me a very fair quote to come back and fix them.  They honored the Yelp special of no trip charge and 10% off as well!I would highly recommend Sav-On Plumbing and will be doing business with them again!
5	Had my first experience with Sav-On Plumbing today. The plumber had an earlier appointment that ran long so he was late, but kept me informed all day to his status. I really appreciated being kept informed. He came to maybe fix my toilet but it is more than 25 years old so I knew it was probably beyond repair. He tried! But since I need to get a new toilet, he offered to make recommendations, pick it up for me and then install it. It feels great to know I'm covered with this great team! Thanks!!
5	My wife yelled at me this morning because my broken toilet was starting to make our bedroom smell like the sewer.  So I jumped on Yelp and found Sav-On Plumbing.  I have a Champion toilet which has a very unique flushing system, but Sav-On had all the right parts.  He fixed it very quickly then installed a new shower head I had sitting around.  He did an excellent job and I am very pleased with the service.
5	I called Sav-On Plumbing tonight after reading the great reviews.  I had been putting off the inevitable, taking lukewarm to cold showers for the past 3 days.  I spoke to Tom on the phone at about 6:30pm and he was at my house by 7:30pm (same night!) to fix my water heater.  I am extremely happy with the service.  I think the price was great too.  No extra or hidden charges for coming out at night.  Their hours are until 10pm which is fabulous because something always seems to go wrong "after hours".  I would definitely recommend them.
5	Thanks to the good reviews on yelp, called them for several issues including garbage disposal, clogged sewer line. They were fast (very important especially when there are tenents involved). The price was fair. I would use them again.
5	We got a house. That's very exciting and very expensive.These guys were fantastic. They called me an hour before their appointment to let me know they were still coming. They were worried they would be late as I lived further away than they had thought. They still got there ten minutes early. I explained what had been on the inspector's report and they let me know that an item listed on the report was fine, just not up to code. They showed us how to use the water softener as I had never had one before. They verified the weird contraption on a toilet was a bidet with high water pressure. (also exciting)They started taking apart the sinks as my boyfriend went to home depot to get the new faucets it turned out we needed. They advised on brand, to make sure we got the one with the awesome warranty. They answered his calls from the store and even spoke with a floor rep to make sure he got the right things. They installed them and were gone. They were friendly and gave great advice on different ways to save money. Some having nothing to do plumbing at all. We have their sticker on our water heater tank to make sure we know who to call whenever we need plumbing done again.Also the guys I had over believe strongly in "what goes around comes around" and so have honest business dealings out of self interest. They were around $175 less then we had planned on. Gush Gush Gush awesomeness.
5	Came when promised.  But charged quite a bit.  I would get other quotes.Update: I called because the toilet was filling slow.  I thought it was the input valve to the toilet. SavOn replaced it but it turns out the problem is in the tank. Now I have to get this fixed. They should have checked the entire system. I paid too much and I still have my original problem.Update #2:  Tom called me and resolved my issues.  I appreciate a company that wants its customers satisfied. Because of this I am changing my rating from a 3 to a 5
5	Branden and Steve to the rescue! Neighbor's garbage disposal was seriously jammed. Since she if near deaf, I called on a Thursday and Batman and Robin rolled in on schedule the next morning. Prompt (actually 15 min EARLY), patient and very friendly. They were able to repair (not replace) the disposal and fix a broken pipe fitting at a reasonable cost.
5	I am so impressed with what others say to me after I have referred them to Sav-On Plumbing. I continue to refer anyone and everyone who needs a great plumber at a very fair price. Not only are these guys great at what they do, Branden is my son! I could not be more proud of the work they do or the business ethics they adhere to! Thanks for providing Outstanding Customer Service and Superior Workmanship. Sincerely, Ann D. Phoenix, AZ
5	Okay, now my washing machine bites it after a huge load and I can't get the water to drain out. I called Tom to find out what to do and he came over, shop vacuumed it out for me, then had someone come and haul it away free in about two hours. He is amazing.
1	I was excited. I mean REALLY excited. 17 (SEVENTEEN!!!) positive reviews with the only complaint being that the prices were "a little high"??? I was ECSTATIC. I loved my first plumber but after several years of faithful service he moved away to become a law enforcement officer and we couldn't be happier for him. My second plumber I loved as well. Unfortunately he was only plumbing his way through graduate school and once graduation came and went, we lost him too - but once again, super proud of him. It has been nearly three years since we've needed plumbing services so I guess I consider myself pretty lucky. Unfortunately, that lucky streak ended last night when the kitchen pipes sprung a massive leak. I jumped on Yelp and searched for plumbers in my area. When I saw that Sav-On was a Yelp advertiser and highly rated, I jumped onto the phone and made an appointment. (Tom?) seemed really nice on the phone. He said he couldn't get out tonight but that he would come the next day at 3 or 4pm. I told him I had class until 3pm so he said he'd be by between 4 and 4:30pm. I said that would be very convenient for me and made the date. Cut to this afternoon. I rushed home after class and waited. And waited. And waited. 4pm rolled by. Then 4:30. My husband called and was told someone would call us right back. 5pm and nothing. I called them and Tom said that because my husband gave the wrong name on the appointment they didn't know who we were. Okay, so I will place HALF the blame on my husband, BUT since he gave them a functional return number, I would assume that the proper etiquette would have been to return the call to say that they didn't have us scheduled for a call. Tom apologized and said it was his fault for not double checking the address with his technician. I said everything was legit and I would just love an ETA, as it was getting late. We hung up. And I waited. And waited. Between 5:30pm and 6:30pm I called Tom an additional FOUR times only to be greeted by Tom's voicemail. At 7pm I decided it was time to call another company. It is now 7:30pm. Three and a half hours without even a COURTESY CALL or an APOLOGY or an UPDATE is unacceptable. I am now calling Diamondback Plumbing and Parker and Sons, so hopefully between the two of them I can find a real keeper. You would think in a recession, people would be thrilled for work - apparently good customer service continues to elude service people even in the worst of times. It truly is a damned shame because I really did want to like these guys - my only regrets (other than not getting to review them on their service and prices) are that I STILL can't use my stupid kitchen, and I can't assign a lower score than one star. Boo, Sav-on - seriously BOO.
5	I just called these guys because my tenant's dishwasher is not draining. The gentleman who answered the phone was very polite and told me that I did not need a plumber and to call an appliance service company. I appreciate the honesty as I will call these guys again when I need a plumber.
5	Tom - the owner of Sav-on Plumbing- is a life saver.  Our home had two broken toilets from abuse by renters. We live out of state and our new renters were moving in in 2 days.  I was quoted astronomical amounts by other companies before I called Sav-on. I described the problem to Tom who gave me a worse case scenario price. He came out the next morning, was on time, friendly and fixed the toilets. I was worried because he spent an hour and a half but the bill came in less than he told me. I was pleasantly surprised and appreciated the service and fair treatment. All Tom asked for was to tell a friend. How about the Yelp community. Sav-on and Tom are now in my phone as "Arizona Plumber".
5	Branden and crew replaced literally ALL the 50 year old plumbing in my house.  This included some major excavating to get at the old cast iron in the ground.  They did this quickly and at a very fair price.  Branden was nice enough to do some extra digging so no damage had to be done in my already renovated master bathroom.  I reckon now that its all new, i won't need any more plumbing services for a long time, but if i do i'll be sure to call Sav On.
5	Found Sav-On Plumbing thanks to all the good reviews on Yelp.  I called because of a clogged kitchen drain.  They were fast and the price was fair.  I will use them in the future.
1	Disappointing. I picked Tom after glowing reviews in Facebook. We mutually agreed on a time, and of course he cancelled at the last second. No big deal, he came out another day, gave me a good quote and what I needed to provide. It took a couple of months for me to get the sink, as its an unusual set up I guess. When I called him out the second time, he didn't remember me for whatever reason. I called him on Tuesday, he said he couldn't be there until Friday. No big deal, took the afternoon off work on Friday to be there. He calls 15 minutes before the appointment, can't make it. His last job has taken more time than he expected. Ok, i said how about tomorrow. He said call me at 9am. If I don't have to work this job I'll work yours. I found it odd how I was going out of my way, but tried to be understanding. Called him at 9. Couldn't do it.  When I asked him when he could he said Wednesday, which I wouldn't be available for. So I called him out, asking him why it seemed he had no sense of urgency after causing the original inconvenience, to which his response is, "I think you should find another plumber" Which lead me to reaching out to Freddy Rooter (see review) dude came out same day, got it done. Thanks Freddy!Sounds like others have had the same problem with Tom??? Not sure.
5	My kitchen sink was leaking for 4 days before a friend recommended  Sav-On Plumbing. I actually didn't use my kitchen sink for those 4 days because I was so concerned about the cost of the repair! I was extremely happy with the very affordable and professional repair.  In addition, the appointment was made at a time that was convenient for me.Turns out within a week After the kitchen sink was repaired I realized that I had been ignoring another plumbing problem in the bathroom. Again, I called Sav-On and again I had professional, courteous and AFFORDABLE service!  Now I have a plumber I can rely on and recommend.
5	I called Sav-On Plumbing because I thought I had a water leak.  After Tom went out to look at the situation, it ended up being only that the tub had a slight tilt towards the wall.  The tenant had had several guests over the weekend witch resulted in an unusual amount of water use.Tom did not charge me for the visit, so when they say Free Estimate they mean it, THANKS TOM!
5	Being a widow and having to depend on service people for everything. I rely heavily on Yelp. My water heater went out in my park model,  I live in a RV resort. I called Sav-On Plumbing and they arrived on time. They called to give me 20 minute notice, diagnosed problem, (burned out element) gave me an estimate, repaired it quickly and efficiently. Tom had to go buy one (element) as my water heater isn't common. Tom was friendly and I was very pleased.
5	I've known Tom and Brandon for years!  They always help me around my house and have helped several of my customers in the past. Professional and quick.  Thanks guys.
5	Was very happy with sav-on plumbing, on time, right around what I expected to pay and the problem was solved. I would recommend them for sure
