3	Came here for some korean after a week of korean food withdrawl. Read the reviews and thought it to be a good choice, well only choice around here haha. The place was fairly hard to spot as there was a small sign and a doorway a half dozen steps below street level. The restaurant offered a modern take on what korean restaurants usually look like. It's been a long time since I've last enjoyed free side dishes, but this place had it. I guess it's not a normal practice to offer free side dishes, like in north america and korea. I ordered the kimchee jigae soup with pork and tofu, however i didnt enjoy it much as it was extremely sour. Was like drinking vinegar. The tofu was a bit sour as well so seemed not fresh and the pork was very minimal. However the portion was very generous and staff very friendly and the other dishes from the other tables looked tasty, haha typical, grass is always greener on the other side =P
3	I had really hoped to be able to score Shilla higher as I'd visited Kokuryo is Glasgow twice and really enjoyed it but I'm afraid the very haphazard service let them down badly. The food itself was very enjoyable and the portions are certainly generous but I was bemused by the seemingly random order that dishes appeared at the table. Starters were ordered. Two seafood omellets,chicken skewers and dumplings. One seafood omelette appeared to be followed almost 10 minutes later by another omelette and 2 portions of chicken. No dumplings. Which then took another 5 minutes to arrive. Main dishes were even more random. First one appeared complete with side of rice. So far so good. Then a side of fried rice and fried noodles appeared without their accompanying mains. Ten minutes later another two of the mains arrived as the sides were starting to go cold. Then another few minutes until the last main arrived. I've travelled a fair bit in Asia and know it to be common that in many places dishes will arrive as they are cooked. At least it shows things are fresh. However, there is no excuse for bringing sides out and letting them get cold while the mains are cooked. The restaurant is very cosy inside with several small seating areas so it feels quite intimate. The food was enjoyable but I'm afraid I'll probably not return to Shilla anytime soon due to the poor service.
4	I hear this is only 1 of 2 places to get Korean food in all of Scotland, the other restaurant I hear is in Glasgow and run by the same owners. I'm not sure if it's true but I'm still excited to try both out - maybe on my next trip! Luckily I did find the time to try this place! At street level, the restaurant maintains a nice window display featuring a wooden carved table and matching chairs behind a glazed window - very pretty. But to actually eat, you have to go down into the basement where the restaurant is divided off into multiple seating areas. At first it seemed as though we were just in a very small resto with 6 tables that seated about 4-6 people each, but then we realized there must be more rooms around various corners since we were able to see (and smell) hot plates of food whizzing by in various directions. My companions and I thought this was actually a great idea because not only did it keep things cozy, but it keep the sound levels down as well. The decor inside was simple and quite nice, and the chopstick/spoon sets were in pretty little fabric holders. The metal utensils didn't quite have the weight that I'm used to which struck me as odd and the chopsticks were round rather than the slightly flattened shaped I'm familiar with, but then I'm not a big fan of the metal Korean style chopsticks. Regardless, they worked the way they're supposed to ;-) I'm used to a more family style approach to ordering, especially when it comes to Korean or Chinese food. So when the waiter came by to take our order, I had to mention that we'd be sharing all that we'd order even though it seemed that most of the menu was set for individual portions. (If that's the case, then the portions were pretty large!) I ended up ordering Gun Mando -  &  Pajeon -  (onion pancakes but without the seafood) for appetizers. For the dinner: Kal Bi (beef shortribs) - (#26 on the menu), Spicy Pork w/Seafood (squid) - ohsam bulgogi (#24 on the menu), & Japchae - . Banchan -  - was served with the meal as 6 offerings: Gaji namul - (eggplant/aubergines), slightly spicy tofu cake, Sigeumchi namul -  (spinach), potato cubes, Kongnamul -  (bean sprouts), and something else I can't recall at the moment. What was notably missing was the kimchee which had to be ordered separately! It was fine, spicy enough and just perfect since I've not had any for over almost a month now so who knows if I liked it because i missed it? I only wish I could have the large selection of banchan I usually get at home or in San Francisco restaurants! For drinks, there's a small selection including OB and Hite (2 Korean beers) and Sojus but I had the yummy aloe juice. Overall everything was great including the service and I'm actually quite impatient to go again and try out some different things. I was so relieved that I was able to bring friends with me to get them to try out Korean food and not end up disappointed with anything at all!
4	Shilla, sitting inconspicuously on the well-to-do and also surprisingly eccentric at times Dundas St, is Edinburgh's first Korean restaurant. Brilliant, my friends and I thought gleefully as we noticed it one day, an excuse to go out for dinner again, under the premise of "trying something different", which is true, but I mainly just like to be greedy.So, the format is, you descend down some stairs to the small, but perfectly proportioned restaurant, which is decorated in simple, but very effective, contemporary style, with its red topped tables, and some beautiful Korean style artwork. The staff are attentive and sweet, and recommended many a dish for our roving and ravenous menu eyes.Suffice to say, all of the numerous options we chomped away on were fantastic, and the Korean special we were given, the Oh Sam Bul Go Ki, a spicy pork dish, with squid and rice, was ultra yummy.So people of Edinburgh, advance towards Dundas Street and take your palate somewhere a little bit different, a little bit new, and more than a little bit delish.
3	I'm in two minds. On one side, the food was good, but on the other it wasn't *that* good to me. Why? 1) the mini apps with the meal were really mini for 3 of us and didn't even include kim chee - eh? 2) my dol sot bi bim bap barely had a sizzle... no crusty rice for me :( 3) one of my dining buddies had hand rolls with seaweed too tough to chewOn the otherhand, my friend's monkfish was pretty delicious and it was a pretty large portion which was a bit of a pleasant shocker. Rice and kim chee were available as side orders. Service was not bad - nothing to write home about either way. I was rather taken with the wallpaper - had to have a little stroke - it was pleasantly bumpy. Potentially I should have kept that thought to myself...So, am I glad that there is a Korean restaurant in Edinburgh? Yes. Do I miss my SF hole in the walls that provided better staples? Yes. Do I hope some competition moves in? Most definitely. Will I be back for a fix sometime soon? Most likely!
4	The food alone is worth five stars, but there were a few detractors in our experience that made me knock off a star. Let's review.The space itself is really nice, although small, with gorgeous wallpaper, red lacquered tables and little stone 'pillows' for your spoons and chopsticks. It's that sort of attention to detail that I appreciate. The service was good as well, the servers were all kind and courteous. The menu is fairly extensive, with something for everyone's tastes, and a good number of traditional Korean dishes and loads of seafood. Nom.We ordered the pork and squid bulgogi and hot pot with tofu and clams. The flavors were incredible, especially the bulgogi - tender pork, even more tender squid, cooked to spicy perfection. We cleaned that place instantaneously. The hot pot was quite good as well, although there was an abundance of onions and only five lonely clams in the whole bowl. They were so good, I wanted more of them! This is part of the reason why Shilla falls short of a five-star experience. The other reason was the banchan - I'm likely spoiled, but I'm used to plentiful, bottomless banchan and at Shilla we only received four dishes (and kimchi wasn't even included! sacrilege!) and once they were empty, they were gone. After we were done eating and our dishes were cleared and we mentioned that we were all finished now, thank you very much, we were made to wait for a good ten-fifteen minutes while the servers cleared tables and sat new arrivals. We finally had to ask for the check specifically. Am I missing something, or is it customary to marinate once one is finished with one's meal and sitting at an empty table?I think once my expectations have been lowered a bit, I could definitely enjoy Shilla for the great Korean food and amazing flavors - but don't expect plentiful portions or an abundance of banchan.
3	I've been so up and down in my opinions on Shilla. I've been back since my first review, and I always come out with the same feeling of 'meh' but this time, I feel the need to share as although ultimately I don't think I will change my overall view of the place, but I did have to call out the customer service, as I was rather happy with it. For my initial starter, I had ordered a special, as had the boy - and they were all out. So, without a menu in front of me, I opted for pa jeon, but requested no pork, as I don't eat meat. I love the pancakes at Korean restaurants, so bad, but so good, especially when stuffed with kim chee as this one was. When it arrived, I started tucking in. And that's when it went south (a little) as the pork wasn't taken out. Luckily for me, I hadn't noticed, but about 5 mins after it arrived, our waiter came rushing in and grabbed it from the table, apologising profusely, and not just him, but about 3 people appeared. I was a bit horrified myself. Once removed, another (without pork) was swiftly delivered - and I definitely could taste the difference then. I'll admit, I would have been blissfully ignorant as there was nothing ostensibly meaty about the dish, and I did order what was supposed to be a meat dish, so I didn't get angry - what was the point? The guys working there were so clearly upset on my behalf, it would have been like kicking a small puppy. Later, one waiter offered me a free bottle of sake (as the first one had me on the floor, I didn't take him up on it) and when the bill arrived, the pa jeon was conspicuously absent. So, the reason I update my review is this - I have been to other places and found meat in my meal (in Vegetarian dishes none the less) - and have literally been asked to pay for the bit where the meat wasn't. I've had apologies but still been billed. It was nice to see that the staff at Shilla were so concerned that the pork hadn't been taken out of the dish and in a place where I tear apart places with poor customer service, it is only fair to praise those who provide the exact opposite.
5	Had a great meal here on Saturday night. You know you're onto a good thing when the South-East Asian punters outnumber the Europeans. Korean lager it would seem tastes no different from the stuff any other country mass produces but chilled as well as it is here it goes down well. Portion sizes were excellent, levels of spice heat ranged from good to mildly troublesome, service was swift, attentive and helpful & the pricing keen. The only minorly negative note was struck by the length of time taken to come and collect the cash from us but wee ended up wandering to the till ourselves as the pub was calling.
4	It's a bit off the beaten path but not entirely inaccessible, positioned just north of a cluster of ethnic restaurants along Queens Street Gardens East.Ordered bibimpab and kimchi fried rice for take-away - good balance between home-quality cooking and restaurant presentation.  Really enjoyed the raw egg and chives atop the bibimbap.Be careful walking those steep stairs.
4	I have been converted to Korean food by a friend, and went here on a visit to Edinburgh. Great experience - food was outstanding, which was a real surprise as even in London, Korean food can be far off the mark. We had bulgoki (of course) and chicken teriyaki. Also tried Soju, a first for me, but like a Korean vodka. Very smooth!Good value for money, clean and well decorated, my only criticism would be the service which was slow to start with, and left me waiting at the counter to pay. But those are minor points to what was overall a great experience.
3	the boyfriend and i had planned to get dinner and few pre show drams at the scotch malt whiskey society, but unfortunately so had most of the rest of edinburgh.  so that idea scrapped, we were left short of time and in need of a quick feed somewhere that could seat us immediately.  on a journey towards a chinese we stumbled across this place and i hoped that since it was off the normal tourists paths we'd be able to get a table.  thankfully they were able to seat us although they did appear to be fairly busy.i found the entrance to this restaurant a bit odd.  it's a short descent down a flight of stairs into a basement restaurant.  but the front of house is also open to the kitchen and what appears to be a utility room to the left.  i almost felt like i'd walked into the wrong entrance.  but we were welcomed in and shown a table and handed menus.  the menu is fairly extensive and then there is also an additional menu with specials (not sure if these are weekly or monthly or just the same specials all the time).since we were in a rush, we made our decision fairly quickly but then had an almost 20 minute wait to get someone to take our order.  i could appreciate they were busy, but the table next to us came 10 minutes after us and had their order taken before us.  i almost felt like we were being ignored but thankfully we did get our order taken.  we were brought drinks shortly but then the waiting start again.  after almost 30 minutes from when we ordered i finally broke down and managed to catch a waitresses attention to ask where our food was.  fair enough to the waitress she went to go check and came back to confirm it would be there shortly and apologised explaining the kitchen was fairly busy.the food did arrive soon after our query about it, but we had a short period of time to eat and enjoy our meal since we needed to head out to see a show.  we even had to ask that they brought our bill over while we were still eating which was a bit annoying and added to the rushed feel.  the food however was quite good.  we shared some pork dumplings which had a seriously tasty filling and a nice crisp pan fried outside.  i had the salmon teriyaki which was a very reasonably sized serving and quite flavourful.  the salmon was moist and very enjoyable.  the boyfriend had one of the hot pots with kimichi, pork, and tofu which he enjoyed very much as well.so the food here is quite good, but i have to down grade a few stars as for only one course we were in the restuarant for an hour and a half!  and an hour of that was waiting to order and waiting for our food.  sort of made the whole experience less enjoyable so if i were to try Shilla again i'd try to go on a week night when it would be less busy and hopefully more attentive and better service.
3	I was very pleased to see that Edinburgh has Korean food so my husband and I had to check this place out. Like the other reviewers, we found the service slow. We went for dinner early at 6pm and with a young child, we wanted to order quickly and hope the food comes quickly too. We were the only party in this one side and yet I still had to go up to get a server to take our order. Food-wise, it was not bad for Korean food in the UK. Though I've never gone to Korea, I have been spoiled living in LA and Vancouver so my standards are high. Myhusband had the bimbimbap which looked really nice. I didn't get to taste it so he'll have to yelp about it himself. I had the tofu stew with clams. It turned out to be mussels rather than clams so that was unexpected and there were only two mussels. The seafood pancake was nice and loaded with ingredients in the pancake. So if I get a craving for Korean, I would come back again. Especially since I won't be buying stone pots to make all these dishes myself in Scotland!
