5	I was in the same group as Melanie Z. on my first visit to Pearl Nail Salon. You can see her review below. Lynn, the owner, was very accommodating to our group and gave us free accent toenail designs. I will say that my pedicure lasted a ridiculously long time without any chipping. I went back after well over a month with still perfect nails, but they had grown too long and it was time for a touch up. Lynn again was fantastic and I am now a convert to these amazing free-hand accent designs she does! I've been getting regular pedicures for years and I have not found a better place, even in Chicago. They're only $23 and she takes credit cards. I highly recommend this place!
5	Pearl Nail Salon is a quaint little place in Squirrel Hill run by an extremely friendly woman named Lynn.  She is the proprietor and as far as I can tell, the only person working there, which makes for a long wait, but don't let that deter you!  During my time in the salon, several customers came in looking to get their nails done and several more called to make appointments.  All were willing to come back at whatever time she gave them (some as far as 4-5 hour later.)  After getting my pedicure, I can see why people are willing to wait for Lynn rather than go to any of the other nail places in the area.  The quality of her work and the time she takes on each customer is astounding (and refreshing.)  I've been to numerous nail salons in the area and I can say I've never felt so welcome or at ease in a nail salon.  On top of everything else, she gave me a free design on my pedicure at no extra cost.There are two things you should know before going to Pearl, though.1) Don't go if you're in a hurry.  Lynn takes her time and concentrates on one person at a time.2) Make an appointment or be prepared to wait.I've already recommended the place to several friends and I will definitely be back!
5	I'm not a once-a-week nail salon type of girl, but I went to Pearl Nail Salon looking to brighten up my nails before heading to the beach.  I told Lynn about it and she recommended that I get the gel manicure because it would last through the vacation.  I was a little skeptical because I had a gel manicure in the past at another salon and it did not hold up like everyone claims.  However, Lynn took her time and gave me the best mani/pedi I have ever received.  You can definitely tell that she truly cares about her work and her customers.  It is now two weeks and one day after I went to the salon (and one week after a very active beach vacation) and my finger and toe nail polish is barely even chipped.  The only reason I'll be returning soon is to have the gel removed since my nails have grown. I would recommend this place to everyone, especially those that are looking for a not-so-pricey manicure or pedicure. (Side note:  I also love that her salon is a natural nail salon--therefore, other than normal nail polish smells, you don't have to smell powerful odors the whole time)
5	My experience was the same as all those reviewers before me. Place is clean. Lynn is friendly and conscientious. My new go to spot for a mani/pedi. Totally worth the wait.
5	I found this place using Yelp and the other reviews were dead on! Lynn is wonderful and paid good attention to the customer without making you feel like you have to talk. The pedicure included a skin scrub and short calf rub, plus she painted a flower design all for $23. My manicure was the best I have ever gotten as she shaped them correctly instead of making them too pointy or square. My manicure lasted over a week- almost 2 (all time record!) and my pedicure looks like the day it was done 3 weeks later. This place is a good bargain with excellent service. Only caveat- schedule an appointment as Lynn is the only person working there!
5	The best prices in Pittsburgh. $12 mani and $23 pedi. The shop is clean but plain. I called a day ahead and got an apt right when i wanted it. Only Lynn is there; she's very nice and did an outstanding job. As the other reviews said, she takes her time and does her job with care so just make sure you're not in a rush.
5	I just received my second pedicure from Lynn.  It is quite an experience.  She is excellent and I have made referrals to friends as a result. They have been pleased and return customers, too. I found this shop on Yelp and the reviews were "spot on." This is the best pedicure and actually very reasonable.   Lynn is a hard worker and if you stop by, you'll receive the best treatment!
5	Pearl Nail Salon is a one of a kind experience. The lady that owns the shop is the only one that works there which makes it a more unique shop. I got a mani pedi and was very pleased with it. The price was also very reasonable, 35 for both. She also offers later hours during the week if you work late. I will defiantly be going back.
1	Made an appointment for 10:15. The sign says they open at 10, but it's 10:30 and the place is still closed. I've read good reviews about her technique, so it's sad that she will not be getting my business.
4	We went to the dry cleaners around the corner to pick up some items, then swung back by the nail salon. They were open now, so we went in and got to sit right down even though there was someone else there too (I had an appt that the business wasn't open for). Lynn did a fantastic job. She apologized for being late, and took great care and gave me the manicure it wanted. I will be returning, and next time without the kids!
5	This is a gem of a salon!  It's small, but Lynn the owner does amazing work.  Her prices are very reasonable and she has a good selection of polishes.  You can usually find parking right out front too which is a plus.
5	Pearl Nails is great! Lynn usually seems to be busy if I try to just walk in (on weekends) since she's the only one doing nails, but she almost always has a later appt for the same day that she can get you into. Very nice and does a great job. Perfect prices. She seems to have way more colors than the average salon, which is cool. Definitely recommended.
4	Love this place for pedicures. She really makes sure each toe is perfect and the foot massages feel amazing. However, I came here once for a gel manicure and she was really rushed because there were three people waiting after me. The manicure came out shoddy and blotchy.She doesn't have the best nail polish selection, but she has some of the best prices I've seen in Pittsburgh.Come during the weekdays (the earlier the better) on days you know you don't have any meetings to rush to afterwards. Since it is mostly just Lynn manning the shop, she can get pretty backed up with appointments. I've had to wait for it to be my turn but sometimes she'll let you sit in one of the super comfortable massage chairs.
5	Loved it here! Make an appointment first, and Lynn will make sure you get the best quality service. And she's so nice and friendly, and truly cares about the quality of her work.
5	Pearl Nail Salon is owned and operated by one adorable woman named Lynn. She's literally the only person there but I wouldn't have it any other way. Although it's just her, she takes her time on every service and never rushes it. I've been happy every time with my service. Great prices and great services! $20 for a gel manicure...can't beat it!
2	My gel manicure started peeling off in big chunks after a week.  I read all these good reviews so I was really expecting a great manicure, but I wasn't impressed.
5	I found this place on Yelp and was pleasantly surprised to find that it was affordable. There really is just one woman running the shop, so you will need an appointment. I've found that a lot of fancy salons charge a lot to do very little, so I was so happy to get a full pedi, and massage. Call me spoiled but I'm accustomed to a massage of some sort being included in my pedi. It was clean, quiet, and Lynn was wonderful. If I'm ever in the mood for a pedi again I'll definitely come back!
5	I've been here 2-3 times since I live just a few blocks away.  I usually get both gel nails and a pedi, and I'm always pleased with my nails when I leave.  Lynn does a great job and is always friendly and polite.  The foot/leg massage that comes with the pedi is an added bonus!
1	I chose to go to Pearl nail salon for their reasonable prices and stellar Yelp! reviews. I got a gel manicure on a Friday. By Wednesday, one of my nails had a sizable chip. By Friday they were bubbling and separating from the nail. They looked terrible and Monday I chipped them off completely. A gel manicure was supposed to last two weeks and this one barely last 5 days without chipping. I will not be returning and warn people against paying for Pearl's services.
5	This pedicure is for your knees down, not just your feet! really great massage and salt scrub for the legs and feet and meticulous nail polish application. Definitely a recommend especially for a $23 pedicure.
5	I convinced my 59 year-old mother to get the first pedicure of her life at Pearl, and now she's a pedi-convert!  Peter, Lynn's son now there and both of them were amazing and treated her gently and made her feel very comfortable.  I can't say enough about this place.  My only advice still is to DEFINITELY make an appointment before going.  Even with two of them, it's still a very busy place.
4	You get your money's worth here.  Very nice people.  And services are cheaper than other salons in the area.  But I was very satisfied so I'll definitely come back.
4	Excellent neighborhood shop. Good manicure at a good price.  Reasonable selection of colors. Fast but good service. First time. I will be back.
5	Lynn and her son are perfectionists and artists. I have never left feeling unsatisfied with their work. My pedicures last about 3 weeks and my gel manicures last about a month....and that's with some serious abuse. These two are so very kind and accommodating. If you've never had a manicure or pedicure, this place is a perfect place to have your first...be warned, you'll get addicted!
5	I just got back from another awesome pedicure. I brought a friend who had asked me about my toenail design the other week and then told me her horror stories from multiple other salons in the area (expensive and poorly done pedicures. One salon even cut her so badly she bled for over 15 minutes). As soon as she said that I said, "Oh no, you have to come to Pearl Nail Salon with me". She loved it and plans to go back. I tell everyone I can about how great this place is! As always Lynn was fantastic as is her son Peter who works there occasionally. They spend a lot of time with you and the foot and leg massages are such a guilty pleasure. Also, they're just great people. They're fun to talk to and they remember you and remember things about you. You get to know Lynn and Peter pretty well and I think that just makes the experience that much better. I recommend making an appointment just to be safe, but I've never had a problem getting an appointment for exactly the time I wanted. Pearl Nail Salon is where I bring all my friends when they visit and I am constantly asked by people where I get my nails done. Last summer I managed to go a few months without biting my fingernails, so I got a few regular and gel manicures from Lynn as well. They all lasted an extremely long time (one of the gel manicures even survived helping a friend move). Unfortunately, I can't seem to break this horrible habit so I haven't gotten a manicure in a while. If you are looking for somewhere in Pittsburgh to get a manicure or pedicure, this is the place to go. Try it once and you'll never go anywhere else. She takes credit cards, street parking is easy, and it's very inexpensive (still just $23 for a pedicure).
5	Friendly, careful, good quality and reasonable pricing. Make an appointment and plan to spend about 1 hour there. Only Lynn and her son Peter work here
