3	Weird...that's how I'd describe this place.Went there on a Sunday night to grab a beer--it was empty. The bar has a very "diner"-ish feel to it. Whoever designed this place honestly wasn't really trying--it feels thrown together, almost like a mall food court.Anyways, I didn't eat anything, but the ambiance is pretty awful. Beer selection, though? Excellent. Well, except for Bedlam, which the bartender was surprised to find they were out of! I had a Deviant Dales. It was great!Now, whenever I check out a new bar, I like to test the bartender's knowledge. I did, and I thought it was lacking--questions about hoppiness or certain flavors were met with blank stares. No worries, dude--I know what I'm doing.So, in short, here's how I see it: If you have a group of friends and like good beer, go here. They've got a great tap selection. Just don't expect anything in the way of atmosphere.
5	Amazing beer selection!  The Side Door is a fun new craft beer bar and grill that is one if the best in Madison. They have 30+ beers on tap with great variety in beer style and brands - including a fun mix of local and national breweries.  Their food offerings looked great and seemed to be very popular, but we only focused on beer in this first visit. The main bar tender (Travis) went out of his way to be accommodating and was super knowledgeable about all their offerings. The atmosphere was hip and has a fun mix of a great bar and divided dining area for eating.  They're located right off a popular Madison bar area has lots of college kids, but they clearly target a higher clientele that is 25+ years old. Overall, this is our new favorite in Madison and we look forward to our next pint.
4	I must say, for going with the very first place we saw after parking....this turned out exceptionally well. I was with my vegetarian friend who had a mushroom & pepper sandwich she could not stop raving about. I on the other hand had to go with the burger that had a fried egg as well as avocado (that made it the healthy choice, right?) anywho, it was really good. Not to mention their fries were pretty stellar.They had some other items on the menu that peaked my interest as well, too bad I'm not in this area often. I would definitely go back!**Bonus: Nice outdoor seating. We were surprised to be one of the only tables during lunch.**Double bonus: Our server was really nice!
4	9/18/13 Stopped at The Side Door Grill and Tap located under Samba Brazilian Grill.  It used to be called the Cabana Room.  They have an awesome draft list.  I didn't count, but they must have about 50 beers on tap with most of them being local craft.  It's a nice space with outdoor seating.  They also have off street parking.  They have darts.  My wife says they have great fish tacos.  We were their only customers during our visit.  They had that issue as the Cabana Room too.  Support this place!  ;-)
5	Awesome, awesome, awesome... I can not tell enough people how amazing this place is.  My wife and I have started going here and it is a regular stop.  Amazing beer, drinks and food prices.  With that said... the quality is not compromised.  33 tap beers and I am pretty sure all the food is made in house... yes home made.  Imagine a restaurant that does not have Sysco filling their freezer every week.  Salads are always fresh... and I mean fresh, no weird rotten lettuce and the dressing are home made.  The buns your sandwich's come on, home made... the veggie burger, home made, everything is amazing.  We have yet to experience it... but if they are extremely busy... be patient it will be worth the wait.
5	Love this place. They have 33 beers on tap. 33....THIRTY THREE BEERS. And they're all microbrews. This is how a Wisconsin bar should do beer. The food menu is decently sized and the portions are pretty good. Prices are a little higher, but like I said, good portions. They have gluten free pizza which my wife says is amazing, so that's always a plus. The bartender is friendly and quick with orders and willing to talk if you want to. They're never really busy, which I like. I like to sit, enjoy a beer or five and enjoy not trying to hear myself think. If you want a packed place full of talk and excitement, hit a club, not tap room. I could say this place has a cozy feel, kind of like Cheers, but without the history. I hope they're here for a long time to come.
4	Churrasco flatbread, truly interesting selection of beers. My kimchee beef sandwich wasn't great, but the burgers, fries, salads were all terrific -- and reasonable.
2	Had a Groupon for here and was pretty excited about it. Two choices of wines (a house red and house Chardonnay. No thank you. I know I'm in Wisconsin but I like a littttttlllle more options in the way of wine). Beer list was plentiful and I didn't end up thirsty so no worries there.I ordered the warm pear salad and was really happy with it, very delicious. However...My fiance ordered The Churrasco flatbread pizza. Described as per the menu: grilled flank steak sliced and served with chimichurri, mushrooms, caramelized onions and piquillo peppers. He HATES cilantro, like absolutely can't stand it. Turns out the chimichurri sauce is made with a ton of cilantro. Understandable, however, it didn't say so on the menu and chimichurri sauce is sometimes made with cilantro, but no traditionally. The cilantro was strong on this and included as seasoning on top. He politely told the waitress that he was sorry, and if it was listed on the menu he would gladly keep it but asked to ordered the baked mac and cheese instead. After the waitress argued with him saying that cilantro was "what makes it green". She snatched the plate up, said "ooooook", and gave a heavy sigh.Bummer.Baked mac and cheese was great. Felt irritated about the service especially because I don't feel like we were being rude or unreasonable. The place was nearly empty, too, btw. I don't mind when a server is having a bad day but we apologized twice about sending it back and received nothing from her.Sad to say we won't be back.
4	Have been to the side door several times and it never disappoints. Lots of great midwest beer on tap not to mention amazing beer specials. Also really delicious bar appetizers such as soft pretzels! Usually go on the weekend during the afternoon and it has never been to busy. A must stop if you are walking around state street.
4	Pretty good for a bar the south of the border tots are delish and the mushroom flat bread is pretty tasty as well :) good find
4	I normally don't like gimmicks, and the side door entrance of this bar/restaurant didn't help out. However, I really like this place. Beer is cheap (make sure to get the $5 pitcher of the "now" beer), and the food comes in generous portions. My friends and I got one of the flatbreads, a burger, and the fish tacos.If you are looking for a casual spot, this place has ample space for medium-size parties, and it also has delicious food to boot. The burgers are cooked well, and the fries are crispy, thin, and satisfying. The flatbread isn't the best I've had, but it's above average. Like I said earlier, the portions are quite large, so you don't need to worry about that. The list of beers is quite long and impressive. They offer much more than the typical Wisconsin beer selection (Dogfish head, New Belgium, etc), and the ambiance is great. They have a dart board in one corner (along with a karaoke machine or music machine of some sort), and it looks like a place that you can establish as your regular spot. The pictures of side doors on the wall was a little much to me, but it doesn't detract from the experience at all.My friends and I will definitely come back, whether it be for drinks or food.
4	A friend saw a deal for Side Door on Groupon, so we figured that we'd check it out. The place was pretty empty, and we were seated right away. The inside was kind of generic looking, and the decor wasn't great. It's the kind of place you'd go with a group of friends to enjoy some beers and burgers.The menu had typical pub food and a pretty extensive beer selection. I split the BBQ chicken flatbread and the Side Door burger with a friend and it was way too much food! I think we would have been fine sharing just one entree. The burger was delicious, and the fries were well seasoned and crispy. The BBQ chicken flatbread was good but had a lot going on. The prices were fair, even without the Groupon. I'd come back again.
4	If you build it, they will come.  This may have worked for Field of Dreams, not so much for the Do It Yourself Bloody Mary bar at the Side Door.  We happened to wander in after learning about the 1 hour+ wait at a nearby brunch hotspot (pure definition of first world problems).  The place was empty but with happy hour 2:1 on rail drinks, bloodies, and tap beer, we were in no hurry to leave.  They have an impressive tap beer selection and while the tomato juice for the DIY bloody marys was a tad sweet, the "add-ins" were top notch. Speaking of top notch, the homemade tater tots were incredible.  Larger than the typical tot, the tater tot was the perfect mixture of crispy outside and soft inside.  I would come back just for them.
4	Had it not been for the Groupon, I wouldn't have known of this restaurant. My bf and I ordered the South of the Border Tots as an app, which were delicious! Thanks to Yelp for the suggestion and photo.  My bf ordered the Sunset Burger... Delicious and a bit messy, which is one of the factors I use to rate my burgers btw. Just messy enough (but not too messy) is a gold star.  The buns soaked up the burger juices while still maintaining it's form.  I ordered the Seoul Patrol sandwich, which had Korean BBQ and Kimchee on it. It was tasty (and I am a huge fan of Korean food), but I would've preferred more slices of Korean BBQ and Kimchee. Lots of beer options on the menu. I ate mine with Goose Island's 312 Wheat Ale.  Not your typical bar food... definitely a couple steps up. (see pic with meh lighting)Staff was accommodating. Nice comfortable area below Samba Brazilian restaurant. Probably owned by the same business since my debit card transaction showed as Samba instead of The Side Door Grill and Tap. I'll be back for more food for sure!
5	I understand that they have a new manager.  Seems like an energetic individual.  The food was very good and was served quickly. I would give it a try.
4	I hosted a private event at The Side Door and it was an overall great experience.  The general manager was a friendly, professional guy who was great to deal with. The menu has some pretty solid pub fare on it, including some good flatbread pizzas and unique wings (large drumsticks). I recommend this as a great place to stop in for a drink and a quick bite prior to a downtown event.
4	Side Door is an as-yet undiscovered gem, which is both good and bad.Good because it's never overcrowded or overwhelmingly loud; you can almost always sit where you want; they're big into promotional events; and the staff is super-attentive and friendly. Our group of friends have all become regulars.Bad because, well, we're afraid they won't survive in the long term! They're situated beneath a high-profile Brazilian grill, and you do more or less go in the side door, so they don't have a storefront the way nearly every other bar in Madison has. They're new, and many of Madison's bars are institutions, making exploratory bar seeking pretty rare. You really have to stumble upon it to find it, unless you're on a site like this.Here's what I can say. Their menu is full of delicious surprises, both old-school and super innovative. Almost nothing comes without at least some sort of creative twist. Their various tots appetizers are just ridiculously good, and they have an enormous, ever-changing tap list with lots variety and descriptions of every single brew. And almost everything is delicious.Only thing I'd change (besides their business volume)? They don't really play the bar angle as hard as they could. The dining room is always pretty well-lit, and the music, while quiet enough for easy conversation, could be a bit louder to set the mood without being disruptive. If they'd just add a little sense of intrigue to the place it'd really earn that last star.Help keep 'em alive! Go to Side Door!
4	Great burgers, Great atmosphere to watch a game, large beer selection.  For sure worth checking out!
5	Ordered a Groupon and decided to use it here today.  The place is great!  I ordered the Seoul Patrol sandwich which is korean bbq beef, kimchi and, I think, green onion.   Fantastic.  Spicy and fresh.  The fries were also fried to a crispy perfection.   My wife had the fish tacos and really enjoyed them.They appear to have 30 or so beers on tap.  At least on this Sunday,  all of the taps were 2 for 1.  I am not sure if this is the normal happy hour.  I very much recommend stopping by for a beer and a sandwich.
4	Very nice place for a bar and grill, clean, airy, spacious, well decorated, with a very nIce patio area. Great beer list. We tried the house made tater tots at the bartender's suggestion. Very good; large, cheesy with bacon and green onions. The sauce was odd, a sweet, lemony sour cream. We tried ranch and ketchup also but found that eating them plain was ok. We also had the 4 Ps flatbread pizza, which was fine, but underwhelming. The service was great, and the place was largely deserted due to Memorial Day weekend. We'd definitely come again and try other food offerings.
4	Swung through the Side Door on Sunday, May 25 at around 8:00pm after a failed attempt at enjoying Bratfest (more on that later). We were quite literally the only people there, which makes me sad - the place seems very solid.+ Outdoor seating+ Very friendly bartender+ Great beer list with perfect descriptions+ Excellent tap and bottle specials+ Bartender suggested we try the tater tots - you should do the same. Huge, house made tots with tons of toppings. Bacon was superb, cheese was real and perfectly melted, veggies were fresh and delish. - The sour cream sauce was interesting; as Violet L notes, there was a lemony undertone that would work with other things, but didn't work so well with the tots. I saw a suggestion/tip from someone else to ask for hot sauce - that would've been a perfect addition. We'll know for next time.+ Flatbread pizza (we got the 4Ps - pepperoni, pineapple, pickled peppers) was plate-sized with a slightly sweet, thick & chewy (in a good way) crust. Perfect amount of sauce; cheese & toppings were perfectly proportioned. It hit the spot.+ Reasonable prices for everythingI *really* hope this place is busier on other nights, because it's darned-near perfect, in my humble opinion. Love the location - under the Samba; love the tap list; really enjoyed the food; really enjoyed the service.
5	This is easily in my top 3 places to hit up in Madison. The bartenders are always super friendly, most of them know the beers on tap backwards and forwards, and they're willing to give you a taste before you commit to a full pint. The happy hour deals are unbeatable- 2-for-1 beers every single day (even weekends), and all beers are $4 a pop every day. They only serve one pitcher at a time (from one tap), so you can't usually just get any beer in a pitcher form, but when a tap does go onto "Pitcher of the now," the deal is great. I've never had bad food here, either. The Mac is obscenely good (so good that I can't stop eating it, even when I'm stuffed), tots are a must. Basically, all appetizers are good, burgers are yummy. Make sure to get a side of queso with your French fries. I can't say any bad things about this place. Go and make it your regular stop.
4	Was there recently on a Friday night.  I still like this place.  It has many, many, many great taps.  I wouldn't suggest ordering the all you can eat fish tacos.  It's not that they were bad, but they weren't memorable.
4	Shut the front door, that was a great burger. Dang. So big I couldn't finish it after I ate some fries.Those beer battered fries were pretty scrumptious as well.  Reasonable prices for hefty portions, classic and delicious pub-fare.
5	I took the plunge and bought a few groupons ($11 for $20 deal) after I scanned through the menu and found more than a few things that I wanted to try. Ohmygerddd those tater tots doe.I ordered the seoul patrol sandwich with beer battered fries, and wow. I was not expecting much out of the bulgogi, but I was blown away by the bold flavors of the marinade. I would say that it compares to the bulgogi that I've had at Korean restaurants! I really loved the combination of the bulgogi and the tanginess/crunch of the kimchi. They definitely do not skimp on the meat or any of the other toppings! The menu is very reasonably priced, and for the portions you get, it is really a great deal. Although we didn't order any beverages other than water, I noticed that they have a pretty extensive wine and beer menu!I'd also like to commend the server for being so accommodating with our request to sit outdoors (because the inside of the restaurant is really way too dark...and who wants to be stuck indoors when the sun is still out at 7PM??). Even though he was the only server working in the evening, he was still pretty attentive and did his best to check in on us whenever he could. I can't wait to be back to try something new on the menu, although knowing me, I'll probably order the seoul patrol again and again until I get sick of it. :P Jump on that groupon deal! You won't regret it.
3	I had the fish tacos, which I used to love. Tonight they were meh. Service was okay. My friend had the warm pear salad and enjoyed that
5	Some friends from out of town surprised me by announcing that they were in Madison for a few hours, and suggested we meet somewhere for a few beers and a quick bite. I wracked my (pea-sized) brain, trying to think of places that would fit the bill - we needed to get in and out quickly, and it had to have some "local flavor."The Side Door Grill and Tap jumped out at me, so I gave them the address and met them on the outdoor patio.+ An outstanding beer list + Friends tried several Wisconsin brews and loved each one+ Ordered tots and a flatbread - both were outstanding; very, very delicious & better seasoned than my last visit+ My friend's fiancee decided she was hungrier than she thought, so she ordered a burger, which looked amazing. Creamy, melty cheese, fresh mushrooms, and a thick, hand-patied burger that was cooked to a perfect medium. I was jealous.There was only a lone bartender working when we arrived at around 6pm; the place quickly filled-up and that poor guy was jumping, but service never once suffered. He was truly outstanding.I am really, really digging this place.
5	What can I say! I am definitely a fan! Now, don't let the name of the restaurant cause you to miss it because the entrance really is at the Side Door! Let's start with our waiter, Aaron. He greeted us and brought water in a timely fashion. That is always a plus when you are part of a large group like we were. We were a group of about 10. Now, our of our group arrived before we did so their food came out  a lot sooner. This was cool because this allowed us to browse the menu a little longer and review the list of extensive beers that they have. OMG! I almost felt like I was at the Firkin Fest because there was such a variety of beers from different breweries. So since I am a beer fan and enjoy trying new beers, I asked Aaron for some recommendations based on my preference of Wheat Style Beers. He recommended Mosquito Beach by Lake Louie (sp?).  It was delicious! It had a very unique taste. Let me try to describe it. It was very smooth (and not bitter), but at the end had a mild hoppy flavor, but it was very crisp in that that hoppy flavor did not last long on your tongue. Now, that's the best that I can do, but it is definitely worth a try. Okay, now the food. Our group probably ordered everything on the menu and let's just say, we were not disappointed by anything we ate. Each dish was served pipping hot, had unique flavors, and was delicious in every way. So, we could not resist sharing our food with everyone in our group. I am going to try and remember what foods we tried: Side Door Burger (which came with Brew City Beer Battered Fries), Fish Tacos, Mac n Cheese, Tater Tots, Beer and Cheeseburger Soup. And I almost forgot that we tried the beer, Mob Craft Batshit Crazy. It was an English Brown Ale brewed with milk sugar to add a balanced creamy sweetness, and flavored with a delicious blend of Nicaraguan and Ugandan Coffees from Just Coffee Co-op that exhibit slight characteristics of cherry, tobacco, and brown sugar. Now that was the description from the restaurant and I cannot describe it, but it was delicious. It was not your ordinary brown ale. After dinner, I had the opportunity to chat with Aaron for a few minutes. He informed me that this restaurant used to be the Cabana Room and has only been open for about 18 months. Did you know that the recipe for the Fish Tacos was an original recipe from the Cabana Room? Now, that's cool especially for those that miss the Cabana Room. Now they have something to entice them to try out this place! As a side note, Aaron also recommended that we try out the Lemon Drop Martini at the Comedy Club on State Street. Sounds like Aaron knows a little something about beers and spirits! Oh and I almost forgot to mention the most important thing, all of the beers on tap are just $4/glass! How awesome is that!
4	Great food, amazing tater tots, great beer list -differ micro brews and all only$4.  Server Aaron was also great.  Would definitely come back
4	Total hidden gem!!! 4.5 stars reallyFantastic beer selection. Feels more like a pub than a bar. Waitstaff (who both visits doubled as the bartender) was extremely friendly and personable. The homemade tots are worth the trip alone and easily get a five star rating. We had the loaded baked potato tots which were so amazing we came back three days later to have someone else eat them. Now, these are no ordinary tots. Homemade with real potatoes and 2-3 times a regular tot (bigger than a large marshmallow). They are in a garlic sauce that is so outstanding my sister used her rarely used "I could take a bath in that" phrase of approval. There is also very high-quality bacon bits on top as well as cheddar and a light drizzle of sour cream. Delicious doesn't even begin to describe this dish. My mom has already planned for two more trips FROM CHICAGO just to eat these. Trust me, you want these tots. On to the burger. We had the one with bacon, cheddar, mushrooms and onion straws. Asked for the mustard and aioli on the side. The first time we had this they overcooked the burger, we asked for medium and it was well done. The second time it was cooked to medium perfectly. Both times you could tell the beef was fresh and high quality. Excellent taste. It is served on a ciabatta which normally I don't like but this worked. My mom had the side salad. She was pleasantly surprised by the amount of veggies and the freshness. The portion of greens was generous and was accompanied by a large amount of tomatoes, cucumbers and nicely shaved carrot curls. Everything was fresh and vibrant. She was a huge fan of the honey balsamic dressing. The space is a little small and unassuming. It was very clean. There are a few TVs to watch sports too.
2	Great food, but absolutely terrible service! We went on a Friday night and assumed we would get served quickly since there weren't many people there. However, it must have been the servers first day because she had a pretty rough time. Took a very long time to take drink order, we had to ask to order food, we were told we couldn't have the beans taken off the tots because they were "busy". I would try it again because of the delicious food but I would recommend that they get their servers some training.
1	Meh. Sh*tty food, sh*tty service. Not impressed...good beer though. Tater tots not worth it- they are just fried mashed potatoes (and that sounds far more pleasant than it actually is)
1	Let me start by saying the food is very good! Love the Tator Tott concept and they are amazing. This place will never succeed based on the management accepting horrible service. We were in on Sat 12/7 around 1pm  and the "young lady" that was working was absolutely horrible and doesn't have a clue about customer service. We were at the bar for 1 1/2 hours to split  burger and only had one beer due to her NEVER coming back to ask!  She dropped our food  she never brought us silverware or napkins and i had to ask for silver wear after 5 minutes.The other 5 kids at the bar asked for water 3 times and never got it! Then they when they ordered soup she brought the wrong kind and when they addressed it she had the nerve to argue about it and say they ordered wrong kind of soup when i heard them order!  What in the world! What kind of waitress argues about what someone ordered! SHE seriously said THAT'S NOT WHAT YOU SAID! The poor kid was like yes i did and i heard him the first time and she continued to argue with him! I personally saw 3 tables leave because of the service and heard several other tables commenting on the lack of her service. Then to send me over the edge a table came to the bar because she never went out to wait on them - they ordered a kiddy cocktail and she grabbed a huge jar of cherries and proceeded to shove up her sweater sleeve and dig her nasty dirty hand into the jar and toss the cherries into the kids drink! If they settle on this horrible service they will be gone in 3 months regardless of the great food!
5	Stumbled upon this bar while in Madison for a concert. I'll definitely be back. Happy hour is great. All beers are 4 dollars. Didn't get any food, but everything that came out looked and smelled amazing. Check this place out for sure.
4	The food deserves three stars, but the beer list and pricing bumps it up to four stars overall. The tap list is long and fun to browse. I like the menu with the descriptions of the beers, so I'm not choosing something new blindly. All of the beers are $4, which is not only a great price, but is appealing in its simplicity. We tried the volcano tots and they were all right. I got some type of Korean beef sandwich which was tasty but not really noteworthy. I would definitely return to try out some new brews!
5	What an awesome place. Went last night based on yelp reviews. We were not disappointed. Brews were excellent. I tried the cider first. Had two great pumpkin inspired ales to follow. Hubby had a October fest ale which was so good he stuck with it. Great variety and can't beat the price. Food was also excellent. We started with the pretzels with two dips (cheese of course) and the other a beer mustard. Both were yum. Together (yes i double dipped) such depth and flavor. The pear pecan salad was perfect for me after 3 or so beers. Hubby had the beer batter fish and chips. We left full and satisified. What a bargain. Going back tonight
4	Nice spot. Good to catch up with a friend and grab some casual food and a drink.Probably the best part about this restaurant is the huge list of awesome beers on tap for only $4! I ordered a cider (can't remember the name but I hadn't heard of it) that actually tasted like legitimate apple cider, just with alcohol. Very different from an angry orchard or a cider boys.The food was really good - not the best I've ever had, but solid. I quite enjoyed my Mac n cheese and my friend liked her Seoul Patrol, which came with crispy and tasty fries. I would like to try more items from the menu, but I will say I wish there were a few more options.
