5	Jersey Mike's has the best subs in Charlotte. I like how they cut their meat and cheese in front if you. A clean environment and nice staff makes for a great place to eat lunch!
5	honestly one of the better subs ive ever had in general. great staff, good subs, amazing tuna sub. always happy here.
4	By far the best sub sandwiches in Charlotte. Super fresh ingredients and plenty of them..unlike the one slice of cheese and pre-packaged lunch meat you get at Subway.
4	I've never had Jersey Mike's until last year but the first time I went, I was surprisingly impressed. They cut the meat and cheese right in front of you, they don't overwhelm you with all the choices to put on the sub and the price is decent for a sub.Every time I've gone it's always tasted fresh and by far, has always been the best sub place I've been to. Whenever I go to this location, it's never that busy and the workers are fast. It's quiet and a peaceful place to eat.
3	I like Jersey Mike's because they cut the meat right then and there when you order it. They don't have a tub full of stuff sitting there for hours and hours. I think that makes for a fresher tasting sandwich compared to the 'way guys. And when they slice, they tend to pour it on pretty heavy so I'd recommend being really friendly to the person taking your order and you can maybe expect an extra slice or two on there.This is a nice clean shop. I'd come back.
4	Best cheesesteak I've ever had!
5	I was in a bad mood today, but that changed after my experience at this place. We went in at two o'clock and the people working were so nice, smiling, and there was an overall great energy and atmosphere. This being my first time in a jersey mikes, I wasn't sure what to expect but was given a wonderful experience. I had the super sub, which was awesome and fun to watch them slice the cheese and meat. Boyfriend had the famous cheese steak, and he loved it, and he is a cheese steak snob! I will be back again VERY soon.
5	Best Subs around. And their best? For me it is the #13 Original but I like Dale's way and not Mike's way. My way everything, extra Banana Peppers and extra Pepper relish
1	Walked in. No customers. One girl was taking a phone order while the other employee just stared at the tv. We asked if he could take our order. He mumbled something then went back to staring at the tv. We began to leave and he didn't even acknowledge that we were leaving. Stay far away from this place!
2	Went in today and noticed they had risen their prices. The lady working the register confirmed that for us and that some locations had gone up even higher. Jersey Mikes was always expensive for subs but to top it off, they got rid of their daily specials! Their subs are good but paying $11-$13 for a regular combo is just ridiculous. Plenty of better values in this area.
4	Nice little sandwich shop off Steele Creek Rd in a local shopping center. The food was good, I ordered Italian and my girlfriend ordered the tuna sandwich. The sandwiches were good but I feel like the lettuce was a little soggy. I would come here again, it's definitely a convenient location.
