5	ALL I GOTTA SAY IS, WOW!I saw a billboard about this and thought it would probably be cool to watch these guys do covers on some of the best rock n roll songs ever made! What I discovered was that these guys can play AND sing the crap out of any song they perform! This is not your typical song and dance type of show. They actually incorporate a story in which how rock n roll got started and how it came to be. The narration by the actors gives it flavor and you cant help but laugh at the roles they portray because that really happened!For those that grew up in the 60's and had their kids listen all through out to the 80's, all the songs they play are monster hits from Jimi Hendrix, Jim Morrison and the doors, to Queen just to name a few. Heck, from what I observed, the audience that was in attendance was a mix of young and old. I guess the common theme here is that no matter what your age, its always good to appreciate good music.As for the sound, lighting, and overall production of the show, man it was awesome! I really didnt expect it to be 2 hours long but since these guys sang and played so good, honestly we could of been for there for 4! At the end, I found out that these guys were all former band members from prominent bands like Asia, Quiet Riot, Heart, and Survivor just to name a few. That explains why they were all so professional in their performances. Also they have special guest appearances from other former band members. For this show it was one of the lead singers from Toto. Forgive me for not conveying any names because honestly, I dont know any of them. I do recognize some of the band names and know that they are very good at what they do.Since there are so many good rock songs since the 60's, they could only play so many of them. They made sure to play the best songs from some of the best bands and there are too many to mention. They even tried to play snippets just to get more songs in. I for one would definitely watch this again. Anybody that likes music at all will definitley appreciate what these guys do. You can tell these guys have the passion and the love for their craft and it shows in their performance.
4	I have mixed emotions on this show. I will give it four stars....but......FIVE STARS for perfect rock and roll. Amazing musicians and stellar voices. Two hours of fabulous ear candy. I could have listened all night and the two hour set still left me wanting more. The lighting and special effects were terrific too.This is where it got tricky for us. The theatrical part lost us. We are def in the age group that lived these stories, but the corny & contrived "storyline" woven into this show needs to be sacked. I like that they are trying to do something different, but it just doesn't work. I think they could do something more with film footage and achieve a much better outcome. I have seen many a rock show/play and it can be done.....just NOT the way they are doing it here. From Beatlemania to Tommy to Hair to Jesus Christ Superstar.....they all worked....but this one doesn't. I'm thinkin' that if they do more film footage and lose the lame vignettes they could really keep the energy where it should be......Rock & Roll!In spite of this shortcoming, I wholeheartedly recommend this show if you love rock and roll. You will be astounded by the talent and the sheer raw vocals that dominate this show.  GO for the rock and roll!
5	What a show!  Had so much fun that I went back to see it again two days later and I tell you I was BLOWN AWAY by the set list, the performers, performance and superb two hours of entertainment.I'm still in awe of the performances I saw.  It's been a long time since I've been to a concert that left me with sore arms from all the clapping, waiving, stomping and just spectacular fun I had.Can't wait for my next trip to Vegas so I can see Raiding the Rock Vault again.  This show is perfect for pretty much any age as the music is timeless and the musicians know how to engage the crowd to ensure everyone is having a terrific time.
5	Saw this show on its VIP night. I grew up listening to my dad play some of these guys' bands, and it was really awesome to hear it all live. They have great energy and stage presence. Paul Shortino cracks me up with his dance moves. All of the musicians are excellent at what they do. The audience was singing along to every song and a lot of people were up out of their seats dancing with the music.There are some little skits in between that are kind of cheesy, but they're still entertaining. I enjoyed that in the background they have screens that show photos and facts about the bands they were covering.Overall, I would definitely recommend this show, especially if you like rock music. I'd love to go see it again myself!
5	Had an awesome time seeing the show with my family on Wednesday the 3rd of April!  True rock and roll craftsmen doing what they love to do, and genuinely having a great time doing it.  Loved the way that they gave everyone of the artists time on the front stage, many of them played different instruments and/or did vocals, and it was awesome to see how they interacted with the audience.   After seeing dozens of concerts every year (we get to work concessions at the local Amphitheater here for our fund raisers), it is so refreshing to see a show with no security drama or egotistical games.  As others have said, this show is in a smaller venue but gives up nothing in terms of the quality of the production, the quality of the talent, and the quality of the songs - it is full of chart - topping hits.  Thanks for a great time!
5	Had so much fun at this show last weekend. So fun to rock out to the songs that framed my childhood and beyond. I was surprised that there were 20-somethings and 70-somethings all around us. By the end, everyone was on their feet singing along. You can't help it! As someone who has worked in the music industry, it's such a treat to see guys like this with real chops. Some of the young bands today that I love just can't hold a candle to the talent on that stage.
5	Loved this show!  I was in Vegas for two nights and saw it both nights.  I would recommend it to anyone. They chose a great set list - well known music - so that almost anyone can sing along and everyone will enjoy.  The first 5 minutes of the show was a little cheesy - but the show just kept getting better and better.  Stage presence was amazing - I loved how the band members interacted, not only with each other, but also with members of the audience.  I'm planning a trip back to Vegas so that I can share this experience with more friends!  Loved it :)
5	This is a GREAT SHOW! Great music and amazing talent. Robin Mcauley is on top of his game . Great vocals and showmanship . He really gets the crowd going. Would love to see again :)
5	PERFECT! Got my rock and roll groove thing on in a big way! Love these guys.
4	They should rename this show Raiding the Rock Tomb...since it's like watching rock zombies back from the dead. Seriously, these guys look they just crawled out of their graves...or at more realistically, a North Hollywood residential motel for the down & out & used-to-be.This show consists of a bunch of ex-members of famous and semi-famous rock bands all jamming out together for 90 minutes of classic rock hits, with a loosely framed storyline on the side chronicling the prototypical Baby Boomer 1960s experience.What this means: you'll see mummified "rock stars" from bands like Quiet Riot, L.A. Guns, Asia, Lita Ford and Heart playing cover tunes, while a bunch of cheesy Vegas showkids prance around on the wings in costume wigs and bell-bottoms.On the one hand, can you imagine anything more incredibly awesome??! The contrast of the wrinkly, dried-up, cirrhosis-livered rockers against the dewy, fresh-faced, made-up showkids is a RIOT! The tunes are all well-known, played-to-death rock classics that are a blast to dance and sing along to.On the other hand, though...the cheese is baffling at times! There's this weird bogus opening sequence featuring astronauts on a jungle planet, who stumble upon a Rock Vault. When they open it, some fusty old rocker steps out and starts rockin'. It's very reminiscent of the Stonehenge scene from Spinal Tap -- enough said!The whole jungle-planet theme is abandoned after that, and the rest of the show is just a 90-minute Top 40 cover band set featuring all your favorite rock zombies, with cheesy commentary from the showkids on the side.I will say that I had a total fucking blast at this show...but I'm not sure that's due to the show itself, or due to the six cocktails I had throughout. Caveat Emptor!NOTE: I was going to give this three stars... but when I read back over what I'd written, I realized that I enjoyed it enough to merit four. Yeah, it's fucking cheesy as all hell......but come on!
5	This is a fantastic show.  My daughter and I saw it two days apart.  The music they chose was awesome.  Their vocalists are authentic.  The show was so exhilarating.  I can't wait to get tickets again so that my husband and I can go again.  Raiding The Rock Vault is the greatest show in Vegas right now.
5	Raiding the Rock Vault is a great little secret over at LVH that I have NO PROBLEM sharing! This show might be the best bang for your buck in the city. Tickets are pretty reasonably priced and if you are a local you get an even BETTER deal! The show runs an average of two hours!! Unheard of in Vegas! It's family friendly, but still great for the grown crowd. Every now and then there is a joke that the 20+ crowd will get. The minimum age is 4. I would say its geared toward the adults though considering my seven year old niece thinks Def Leppard is a hearing impaired wild beast.I've seen the show MULTIPLE times and will continue to go back again and again. Every time I notice something different. They continually tweak and change things as well.Onto the good stuff!!! The musical selections are of the charts! Everything from The Eagles, Free, Queen, Deep Purple, Bryan Adams, and a little love to my personal fav: Supertramp. If you are into wardrobe Howard Leese of Heart and John Payne from Asia don't disappoint! Howard not only rocks a multitude AMAZING military style coats adorned in beautiful embellishments such as fringe, buckles, and sequin... His gorgeous collection of guitars does not fall short! John is a man who loves a good shoe, so be sure to take a gander down south and see what fantastic kicks he is wearing.The show has a great flow with little theatrical interludes between songs to prepare you for the next time period. While the band plays, large screens all over the theater toss really neat facts your way pertaining to the music and what life was like during that era.Each one of the Rockers shines in their own way and takes the main spotlight on songs that are a perfect fit for them! John shares the lead of this all-star band with Vegas local Paul Shortino of Quiet Riot, Robin McAuley of MSG, and Andrew Freeman of The Offspring. Andrew is the wildcard. With a background in punk his voice brings a little extra spice and funk into the mix. He will definitely make the ladies swoon when he sings Hotel California. I must admit... I have a secret love for Robin. He makes sure the crowd is fully involved. You might see him pull someone on stage or even sit on your lap in the house.It's a fierce guitar battle between Howard and Tracii Guns of LA Guns. Again, each of the men shine and share the wealth of amazing riffs. If you are lucky enough to be in the first few rows Tracii will make sure you see every movement of his very skilled hands when he breaks it down and rocks on his knees! Ladies, you are going to WISH you were that guitar!All in all this show is one you do NOT want to miss!
5	I'm a music fan I work in the biz. I've seen a million shows. I play guitar and bass. I am not jaded, nor do I know anyone working on this show.  It was great!  Tracii Guns stole the show, that dude kicks ass!     My only only comment would be for some of the rockers to, well rock out a little more.  Watch the video of how Tracii works the stage, maybe if they all amped it up about 15%  this show would be insane.   Very well done. I love the radio dj guy set up, really cool.   So many songs, such great singers, and music history, trivia.  Go see this if you are in Vegas and you like music.  And listen to KOMP the Vegas rock station, it's a good one.  I think anyone who "makes it to Hollywood" on American Idol should be REQUIRED to see this show, and then be QUIZZED ON IT!   If you get under 75% you are kicked off immediately.   Done, toast, you are not worthy of a record deal.  Jus sayin'......
4	Fun show and while I didn't know most of the people in the show, it seemed like a well done production. It was fun, entertaining and a lot of good, well known music.
5	This show is like no other in Las Vegas, I loved it. Very well put together and told as it should be.My girlfriend got pulled up on stage, how cool is that.We even got to talk to everyone after the show. The evening just kept getting better and better, The music is played live loud and rockin so take a bow.  It's good that I' m local because I will see it again. Thanks for plugging it in, cranking it up, and laying it down.
5	My husband and I snuck up to Vegas for a little grown up time before he deploys in a few weeks, and we used a Living Social deal to stay at the LVH Hotel. I started looking around for things to do while we were there, and saw that Raiding the Rock Vault was playing at our hotel so after reading their website, we decided to check it out. It was the most incredible musical experience I've ever had, and I've had a few! Being born in 1982, I missed out on getting to see all the good rock shows live in their heyday, but this was like a 2 hour trip back in time! The band was incredible, they played every song the way it was played by the original band and these guys ROCKED. There are seriously no words for how good they were. We were in the front row, so close we could touch them, and I was in heaven. I never wanted the show to end!! I already have plans to drive back up to Vegas and see it again! They're only there for a year, so if you're thinking about seeing it, do it before March 2014 when Vegas loses this treasure.
4	After reading the reviews on this site and reviewing the website, I had high expectations for the show. My wife and I attended the show Sunday night April 14th. I enjoyed the show and left impressed by the stage presence and skill level of the band-they sounded great and seemed to really enjoy themselves-they created a "fun" atmosphere for the audience.That said, there are elements of the show that could be improved to enhance the overall experience. For the first group of songs, the video screens provided background/facts about the original song. I really enjoyed that-it was similar to "Pop-Up Video" facts-for example, "Stairway to Heaven" is the most played song on album orientated radio. "Smoke On The Water" was based on a fire that occurred during a Frank Zappa show that the band members of Deep Purple observed. Those snippets added to the aura of the show-it made it something more than a cover band performance. However, about 1/2 way through the show, that factoids stopped-there were pictures/images of the band whose song was being played but no facts. There were two running sideshows which weaved a story into the performance. The first was a radio station which ultimately turned into an MTV like program. There really wasn't much of a point of the radio station drop ins-they would introduce a song but I'm not sure what the point of that was? It seemed like they could have done more with that. The show ultimately connected the other "drop in"-the story of 4 teenagers from late late 60s follownig them into the 80s. That story was more developed than the radio station and was something that separated this performance from a straight "cover band covering classic rock songs."The selection of songs was somewhat curious. I'm not sure if there were issues with getting the rights/paying royalites to the original artists but it struck me as curious that they would play "We Are The Champions" but not the other single highly connected to that song-the anthem-like "We Will Rock You". It could be something outside of their control but it struck me as an opportunity missed to engage the crowd. Also, I noticed there weren't any background vocals for We Are The Champions despite there being ample vocal talent available.The song by Bryan Adams ("Run To You")didn't really seem to fit the rest of the songs-I don't think the song was that big to begin with-if you are really going to play a Bryan Adams song, I would have thought "Summer of 69" would have been a better choice. Also, the song from Def Leppard was somewhat unexpected-it wasn't one of their bigger hits. The show ended with somewhat of a whimper-I think some of the crowd expected the traditional "encore" but the band left after a Van Halen song.I'm a huge Joe Lynn Turner fan so it was good to see him as the "special" guest star. While "Stone Cold" is well known to fans of Rainbow/JLT, most of the audience didn't seem to know that song and that triggered a massive return to the seats. The placement of the song was curious as it was near the end. I expected the group to play the songs most people knew as the show closed so while I really enjoyed hearing that, I was in the minority there.I left the show thinking about what songs I would have included-I'm sure everyone would have had their own list-these guys created the show so they get the tiebreaker of song selections.All in all, if you enjoy "classic rock" this is worth investing your time/money in-just realize it turns into a bit more of a "cover band"-albeit with some really talented musicians-as opposed to a Las Vegas "show". I think the "show" aspect could be enhanced a bit and there are some songs missing from the show that seem to be natural fits.
5	WOW - This is the real deal!  Top of their game professional rockers who have logged time with the top groups of classic rock - come together to cover the best rock hits of the 60's, 70's, 80's.  The musicianship and voices are five stars!  You will be on your feet from Deep Purple, Stones, Doors, Def Leppard, Van Halen, Led Zeppelin and beyond.  What a treat watching, listening and dancing to the music that truly defined rock.  This ain't no "tribute band" -- These guys are rock pros and we can't wait to see it again!
5	My wife and I went to the Raiding The Rock Vault show Sunday night.  We LOVED it.  This is a "must see" show for any fan of rock and roll.  Highly entertaining.  The musicianship is top-notch.  You will not be disappointed.  Next time you're in Vegas - go see this show!
4	FIVE STARS for perfect rock and roll. Took out of town guests for the best rock and roll on the strip. I just read someone review of this this, alluding to the age of these rock & rollers. PLEASEEEE! These guys are awesome with stellar voices and musicianship. Don't diss talent on the basis of agism. These guys are stellar, with incredible energy and they are very worth seeing. Go see em before this show leaves town! You will see an amazing lineup of great talent for a great price. PS Take your dancin' shoes!
4	I am a fan!  This was a great show, although I do have a few bones to pick....allow me to elaborate.First off, LVH, as tired as you are, you're hangin' in there & I give you props for that.  It seems like you've loosened your slots, a few in my party left pockets full..(hahaha I always laugh when I read that somewhere!) Anyhoo, back to the show...This is a great theater, good size, moderately comfy seats. The content of the show was powerful and entertaining and if you're a lover of big hair metal bands, good rock, you'll dig the shizz outta this junk!  They had me at 'Smoke on The Water'.The stage sets the scene in a futuristic jungle, yes, lots of foliage, trees and they take you back, waaaaaaaaay back.  The performers are in fact band members from the various infamous bands (see website for detailed names), personally I didn't know a single one, but I sure knew the rockin' songs.Bone #1 - the volume in which the speakers spilled into the audience was absolutely, mind dulling-ly deafening.  I would not have been able to sit through the whole show unless I became resourceful and created my own faux-ear-dullers.  I rummage through my purse, found an old Sprouts receipt, ripped it in half, and shoved that in my ear holes. I looked ridiculous, I'm sure, but at least I could hear after the show.  It was so loud that the excess material on my pant legs literally vibrated and gyrated around my legs.Bone #2 - This is a new show.  They are in the process of marketing and promoting.  One of the things they do apparently, is, once the show starts they pull people off the casino floor to come in and enjoy the show.  This can be very effective, especially when trying to "spread the word".  HOWEVER!!!!!!!!!  ALL CAPS!!!!!!  My bone is this, somehow, a slew of debaucherous folks were collected and led in.  These turds, grinded on the backs of our heads, fell on us, laid on us, WHAT THE EFF??!!  This isn't a nightclub, it's a SHOW!  Security was standing right next to us and rather than escorting them out, THEY ASKED US TO MOVE!!  hahaha, really??  Had I paid for these tickets, I would have made a big, raunchy stink!Overall, it was really good!  I don't know that I would go again, just because I want to preserve my ear follicles and overall auditory abilities.
5	the best show in vegas !!!!!    amazing,  great !!!!reasonable price!! this show really is a one of a kind!! it takes you back to the good ol' rock days, and i really recommend it! i had the chills the entire show! if you're in vegas, this show is a must!!!!
5	Whoever said that time travel was not possible should take a trip over to LVH and see Raiding The Rock Vault.  I was transported through time with each and every song played so well by that talented, hard working group of musicians.  Yes, they are no longer spring chickens, but they are all the real deal rock royalty and are still in great shape physically and will blow you away with their collective talents.  I promise you that it won't take cocktails for you to enjoy every minute of this amazing show.  These guys work so hard to make this experience one that you and your family will never forget.
5	this show fucking rocks!! don't miss it vegas the band is legendary, the music is amazing....love this show
4	Great show if you're a rock music fan! Musicians from Asia, Badfinger, Gun n' Roses, Quiet Riot, Survivor, Lita Ford and Offspring, get together to sing a cover history of rock music from 60's, 70's & 80's. There's no way around it, they're old geezers but still full of energy and sound great! Cover songs from Led Zeppelin, Free, Jimmy Hendrix, Rolling Stones, Eagles, Journey, Bryan Adams, Def Leppard, to name a few will have you wanting to get on your feet and dance.The weakness in the show is the premiss. The earth is destroyed by meteors and searchers find a time machine to the rock vault. Totally cheesy and unnecessary for the show to work. Give it a chance. You'll have a rockin' good time!
5	a MUST see for any classic rock fan. I did not know what to expect but it was an amazing show with a list of the best hits of the 60's, 70's & 80's. The musicians are top notch from Asia, Heart, Guns n Roses,  Bad Co plus others. The theater is one of the best in vegas since it is not tooooo large.
5	nothing short of awesome! we got put up in the second row, mere inches by the catwalk stage, and got to see these rawk stars strut their stuff, and wow could they ever! sure the cheese factor dripped velveeta but it was obvious the rawkers were there to entertain the hell out of us and that they did. and there was no shortage of chops. all the vocalists could belt it out, and the musicianship was high. the show is still in its early run so catch it now before it gets real big
5	There are a lot of shows on the Strip and surrounding territories in Vegas, and there are a lot of rock bands that play across the city. These are two of the most compelling things about Las Vegas. When I found out a show was coming that combined the two, I looked forward to it with very eager anticipation, but skepticism as well.THIS SHOW DOES NOT DISAPPOINT.The band performing these classics is comprised of various rock and roll all stars, mostly from the 80s hard rock scene. The band includes Paul Shortino (Quiet Riot), Robin McAuley (McAuley Schenker Group, Survivor), Howard Leese (Survivor), and Tracii Guns (Guns N Roses, LA Guns.) Guests sometimes perform as well.Songs performed go from the mid 60s to the late 80s and there is a nice mix of tunes performed. There is something for everyone here. Acting sequences and video screen footage appear throughout the show, giving an idea of what the world was like back then, when these songs came out. Campy as hell, but it just makes it all the more interesting a show! I agree with other reviews that say the show is geared more towards adults that grew up with this music, but youngsters with the slightest inkling of a love for rock and roll should get a kick out of it too. There are some mild adult themes and cursing in the sequences between songs, but if your kids go to public school, they have seen and heard worse stuff than they will experience in this show.I definitely recommend this show!
5	I absolutely LOVE Raiding The Rock Vault..I live in Las Vegas and have seen MANY different type's of show's here and I must tell you that this is BY FAR, HANDS DOWN, the BEST show of this kind that I have EVER seen here in Vegas..I went and seen it on March 18th and OMG, what an AMAZING TALENTED group of performers!!! I honestly thought it was just going to be the typical band, standing on a stage playing instruments and singing, but to my surprise, it's a full blown production show and the performers are soooo energetic, they have soooo much fun, they all are soooo nice and they are really funny too..they encourage the audience to sing with them, and OMG their performance of Journey's song *Separate Ways" is BEYOND FANTASTIC!! In MY opinion, I think they do it even BETTER than Journey :-) It is DEFINITELY a 5 star show that I myself WILL BE going to see again..I HIGHLY recommend EVERYBODY to see this show!!!!
5	Great show. Wasn't sure what to expect but enjoy classic rock (mostly 80's rock) so gave it a shot. Concierge had a "Vegas" booklet which had a 2 for 1 ticket deal so tickets were reasonable. This was a mix of 60's, 70's and 80's and they creatively linked all the decades together. Felt like the band members really love what they do because they had great energy! They said they will change a little bit of the lineup within the next year so I will be back.
5	I recommend this show to anyone who loves great music and great showmanship. The show is a combination of live music and acting. The music is rock from the 60s, 70s and 80s but that does not mean to say its for that generation. I bet you will know most of the songs regardless of your age. The showmanship is excellent and the musicians are all veterans from some great bands such as Survivor, Asia, Bad Company...to name but a few. These guys belt out the songs and play like only Rock Stars can. I will be back to see this show again, I had a ball!
4	4 stars means, "Yay! I'm a fan," and boy am I a fan! I can't give it 5 stars though, since it's not perfect or near perfect, but this is definitely one of my favorite shows in Las Vegas and absolutely worth going to!Here is a short breakdown of all the pros & cons when thinking about going:PROS: - The selection of music is all well-known and well-performed, with a lot of variety. - There is a self-serve bar! - The audience is interactive - people stand up and sing along, dance, and occasionally go on-stage. - There are a few side stories that intertwine well with the musical performances. - They have four or five big screens that show random facts about songs that they are currently performing, as well as some pictures of the band. - The performers are actually well-known band members. - It's pretty kid-friendly. While the age of admission is 4, be warned that there are some adult-themed jokes and occasional language. - The two hours is not a chore! I enjoyed (and danced/sang through) every minute of it.CONS: - THIS SHOW IS SUPER LOUD. I was hearing in stereo for an hour after I left. - The screens with random facts I mentioned earlier are great, but for some reason don't show up again half-way into the show. - The arrangement of music is odd (e.g., they ended the show with a not-that-well-known Van Halen song). - The beginning of the show is really random, about Earth being destroyed and them going to find the "Rock Vault" and releasing all these rock stars. It also doesn't ever tie back into the show once it starts. - Sometimes the people performing aren't super energetic! haha.This is a great show to see with many friends! And while it is geared more towards people who grew up in the 60s - 80s rock music generation, other people can definitely enjoy this a whole lot. Definitely recommend.
5	I had never really taken the time to hang around the Iconic LVH since well, to be honest it is the LVH and the only time I would walk in there is to go grab the prop bets at Super Bowl Time.  Thanks to Raiding The Rock Vault this has all changed, I scored some tickets to go check the show since my brother was in from out of town and we both enjoy classic rock so when the opportunity arose to go I could not pass that up. We went to the Friday night show which I figured would be packed since it is Friday night in Vegas, the showroom is pretty comfortable both in presence and as far as seating, this is always important to me since I am not a fan of being packed into seats like sardines and become more than friends with the person sitting next to you. Anyways, onto the show... I have now seen this show twice and it has started differently both times. The first time, the screen on the left and right of the stage just fired up and the story of Rock n Roll was ran through and the second they played Phil Collins and did a pretty interesting light show on the stage. Personally I think if it was my first time seeing the show I may have really enjoyed the light show but because of knowing what was to come the light show lost me.  They also moved the "Rock Vault" to the top of the ramp on the stage with actually worked much better with the show and flowed a lot better. Aside from the stage setup and intro changing the rest of the show was killer. I am on the younger side when it comes to the crowd at this show since in a sense the music in the show is geared more towards the baby boomer crowd but let me say quickly that I think I was born in the wrong era because the play list they go through has got to be one of the best set lists I have ever heard. Right when you think, " Oh man, Journey!" they start hammering out some Hendrix and foreigner and so many other classics. I have been to karaoke shows that have the same set lists so I cannot say that the song choices alone carry this show. These guys are super talented and contrary to what one of the other reviews says about them about looking and performing like zombies I could not disagree more. Traci Guns Tears it up throughout the entire show as well as the hardcore licks from Howard Leese. Some of the most shocking performers are the singers, man Robin Mcauley  and Andrew Freeman can really rock the house and John Payne is the man, being the brain behind this project I think he has created the new Diamond in the rough. Overall, I am very impressed by this show and yes it is not your current Circ show with tiny performers flying around on bamboo sticks playing a trombone with a salmon hanging out of their ass but instead it is good old fashion Rock n Roll entertainment, what Vegas was born on. I definitely recommend seeing this show If you get a chance and definitely before it gets picked up by a larger casino and the ticket prices rise.
4	It was a good time.  I took my sister who was in town for the week.  It was a bit cheesy with the story line, but we really enjoyed the music.  We spent a good deal of time standing up and clapping.  We knew all the words to all of the songs.  Unfortunately, there were 4 German-sounding tourists sitting directly in front of us.  They did not have a clue about what was going on.  Towards the end, they starting making fun of the show.  It pissed me off and I wanted to ask them why they stayed.  Jerks!
5	Absolutely amazing show. The authenticity of music being performed by guys who lived through it and were members of the bands that rocked the air waves is excellent. Some of the songs are spot on exactly like the originals and some were close. The band is obviously having a great time and most of them are very energetic. Robin and Andrew love to flirt with the ladies and the ladies love it. Howard is such a cool cat he makes it look so easy to be amazing! I've seen the show a few times and last night we were in the front row and it was fun watching my lady get on stage and dance with the guys. She was in heaven and the guys are awesome and friendly.
4	Stairways to heaven and hotel California are just two examples of a host of rock songs performed by the band. You'll hear music from the 60s, 70s and 90s - an excellent mix of songs with a really good production. I had a blast sitting the audience and enjoyed every minute of it. My only complaint is the volume. It was way too loud for my taste.
4	What a fun show! The band was amazing. If you like rock from the 60's and 70's this is the show to see. I knew and sang along to every song. Loved the little skits they did between the time warps to different eras. A lot of reviews said it was too loud, if you've been to a concert before...it's as loud as that, maybe even a tad lower in volume. We were in the middle 7th row. There are no bathrooms in the showroom so be sure to go before the show starts, you don't want to miss a song. I would definitely go see this show again. We have heard they are thinking about changing some of the songs every now and then, which would be a bonus in seeing it again.
5	AMAZING SHOW!!  One of the best shows in Vegas!  It kinda plays as a documentary with musical facts and performances from the 60's, 70's and 80's!!  Really, really talented and famous musicians that give it their all!  You definitely want to get out of your seat and dance!  Highly recommended for a good time :)
5	Fantastic show and a must see. Great performers and music.  Need I say more?
4	What I love about this show is not just being able to see classic rock artists, themselves, performing some of the greatest rock songs from the 60s through the 80s, but everytime, there is something new to see.  This rock residency is ever evolving with it's visual effects and skit being played out to tell the story of the history of rock along with bringing special guests in to play along or sing along some of the best songs we are all familiar with and have had brought meaning to any of us at one point or another. Also nice to see them each bring in a little of their own personalities into the performances.  One of the best rock shows i've seen in life so far.  Can't wait to who/what comes along next.  Should definitely be on anyone's list of 'have to see' while in Las Vegas.  *Currently offering 2 for 1 tickets on fliers around town.  It just gets better and better...and if you stick around afterwards, you may have the opportunity to meet some of these artists personally.
5	I had so much fun at the show! If you enjoy rock n roll music, you will like Raiding the Rock Vault. The environment is similar to a concert, you can get up and dance if you want to. They sing the songs based on the era. You will get your money worth since the show is 2 hour long unlike most shows in Vegas that's only 1.5 hour long. The crowd is made up with all different type of people and different ages. My favorite song was hotel california :D. the performers were EXCELLENT! some of the act was pretty funny as well
4	I had a comp ticket to see this show last night and I'm glad I went.  It was a very good show and I learned something about some of the rock music that I didn't follow.  While I liked the entire show, my favorite part was the early numbers--The Doors, The Who and the Rolling Stones.  When the Woodstock era ended and we sadly put away our bell bottoms, I took a different musical direction.  While I knew many of the songs when I heard them, I could no more identify the name of the song nor the band if Raiding the Rock Vault had not projected the names onto the large screens on stage and on the wings of the theatre.My email about my ticket advised me that the show was LOUD! (sic).  I took a pair of ear plugs with me just in case, and while the show was loud, it didn't blow me away nor did anyone near me mind the loudness.  To me, it was a standard concert loudness.Periodically, the screens would display historic information about the group or song that was being sung.  I found this very helpful because I learned as I listened.  Most of the people in the audience were younger than me and most knew almost every word to every song.  I was lucky if I could understand the words they were singing let alone know them to sing with the band.  I have nothing but good things to say about the quality of the playing and singing.  The band is fantastic.  There's a small story to get the show started--a little goofy--but it serves its purpose and I liked it.  As the show goes along, there are periodic pauses when some of the group does some speaking parts/skits on the sides of the stage.  It's a bit corny, but it too is OK.  It moves the show along from one era to another.I single out for special attention Tracii Guns and Howard Leese on guitar.  Wow are they good!  The box office person gave me a great seat, the 4th row center, but part of the center section begins with the 3rd row because they've built a ramp for the performers to stand when featuring them.  It was a great seat (see my photos).  As for vocals, the two I enjoyed the most were Andrew Freeman and Robin McAuley.  John Payne, a singer and the producer, was also very good.  The lighting for the show was very well done and the laser light effects were quite good!  And a word about the LVH Theatre.  Since I was there the last time, they have redone the room.  The old wooden seats are gone and have been replaced with newer seats with cushioning.  They're fairly comfortable.  Also, as stated above, they've built out the front, center of the stage and if you're lucky to get a ticket in that area, you have a great view of the performers up close.  Regardless, the venue has 4 large screens that display the action so anyone can see well.  Since you're here for the music, you really don't have to see them that up close either.I recommend this show very highly especially if you're a fan of rock music of the 70s and 80s.  I think it's a bit long at exactly two hours, but it certainly is an entertaining two hours with very talented musicians.  After seeing this show at the historic LVH Showroom, you know that Elvis has left the building.  And so has Manilow.
4	I really loved this show and I am a youngun. My only critique of it is that it seemed a bit too long for me. I guess that means you are getting your moneys worth folks.
5	Hands down, the best show I've seen in Vegas in a LONG time.  True rock musicians.  Great songs.  This show just has everything you could want in a  Vegas show.  The skill of these rock stars combined with their obvious love to be on stage makes for an electric performance.  We went on a Tuesday night and could not top the show the rest of the week in Vegas.  And, it is well, well worth the diversion off the main strip to get to LVH.  While you are there, check out their great Sports Book, the casino and Vince Neil's bar.  Good times all around.  Really made me feel like I was in Vegas.
4	What a great show!! If you like the 80's you will love this show. We were front and center and loved every minute of it!! I will go again with friends!!
5	Wear something comfortable on your feat because you'll need it for the show, you'll be rocking all night long.
5	OMG!  If you like classic rock music you're gonna love love love this show.  It's high energy and great music that gets the audience up on their feet.  These guys are the pros of the rock world.  I would see this again and again.  Don't miss it!!!!
5	If you want to have a fabulous time - see this show! Not only was there enormous talent but I enjoyed watching the rockers enjoy each other so much. My favorite Was Robin Mcauly. Somehow I got front row seats and I completely connected with him. Go to the show you will not regret it!
5	I have now seen this show 5 times in the last 2 months... I know, this seems like a lot but every time someone comes to town and wants to go see a show I am the first one to put it on the table, " honestly who wants to go pay hundreds of dollars to go see a cirque show, when you can go see some off the hook Rock n Roll!?"  This show Is absolutely amazing and I have always thought that I was born in the wrong era and now that I have been to this show as many times as I have, I have an even more clear understanding of that. I cant go a week at work without turning on some Journey or Azia or Boston ....The list goes on and on and on. I have been back a lot and I don't plan on stopping until they cut me off and tell me I have to stop Raiding the Rock Vault... Which just doesn't seem fair.
5	Fun show! Get ready to rock. Don't let the "old school" look of the hotel turn you off. Get into it. Back in the day this place was the most glamorous hotel on the strip. We paid extra and got a VIP pass, which included a pre-concert meet and greet, concert tshirt, and CD. The guys in the band were genuinely appreciative of us being there and each one stopped to shake our hand and welcome us to the show. When word gets out about how cool this show is it will definitely sell out!
4	Awesome show! Only complaint I have is that they don't prepare you that it is not appropriate for children and there are several drug references throughout the performance.  I honestly think they could have done without emphasizing the drug influence so heavily.  No one asked my daughters age when we walked in, so obviously they deem this show appropriate for kids of all ages, but I strongly disagree. I would definitely only recommend this for adults. Great show otherwise!
4	Hubby and I really enjoyed the show. The beginning and the end for a little cheesy but overall it was a great show with music everyone could sing and dance too.
2	I am torn.  I watched this show on 5/24/13.  The performers, set, and lighting were fantastic.  The theater was nice, the songs were fun.  The sound however, needed some major adjustment.  So two stars it is.  Myself and the rest of the group (there were five of us) had to plug our ears for most of the show to prevent our eardrums from exploding.  The sound was simply too loud to enjoy the concert.  It was just way too unnecessarily loud.  I thought my ears were going to bleed.  It was painful.  I would have given four stars if I didn't have to plug my ears the entire time.
4	We had great seats, second row, center stage. The showroom at the LVH is a pretty good venue ( we have previously seen Twisted Sister's Xmas show and Cheap Trick doing Seargeant Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band) the acoustics are nice and there aren't many bad seats. This show is a tribute to rock and roll from the 1960's though the 1980's. Normally that would be a boring cover band performing lackluster music. However this show features musicians from top bands such as Survivor, ASIA, Quiet Riot, Heart, Guns N Roses and Offspring. The show loosely focuses on a team of explorers who come back to earth from hundreds of years from now and find a vault of musicians who play (flawlessly) hits from the 60's through the 80's with full costume changes, a radio DJ and corresponding video. The song list includes includes hits from, The Doors, Jimmy Hendirix, RollingnStones, Queen, The Who, Free, Deep Purple, Led Zeppelin, The Eagles, Van Halen, David Bowie, Foreigner, Journey, Bon Jovi, Bryan Adams and more. The musicians clearly enjoy themslseves and give their all singing and playing their instruments. The show was 2 hours with no intermission. We recommend this show.
5	I'm so glad I got to see this show. I'm used to getting a good show whenever I go to teh LVH, but this one left them all in the dust. We got to enjoy well-established rock legend musicians, playing great songs, wrapped around a cute, fun, enjoyable story line. We got to learn some interesting rock trivia about the bands and songs. The set, the light show, the creative premise - all excellent. The audience interaction felt warm and genuine. If I could give a show six stars, this would be the one. This was truly an exceptional evening out. The one caveat I'd put on it is, although it says for ages four and up, there is some coarse language, so you might want to leave the younger kids at home. Of course, then you miss an opportunity to expose them to the three best decades of Rock-n-Roll, so... decisions, decisions. Go see it.
5	This is a must see show! The musicians were out of this world. They genuinely interacted with the audience and were very friendly. The sound and light show was awesome! This is an all around excellent show! I will definitely go back to see this show again!!!
5	Raiding the Rock Vault is the best rock show I have seen.  Not one of the best, but the best.  It's a Rock Concert so in my opinion it should be loud and people should not be sitting done during the whole show!  Robin McAuley is absolutely fine!!!!!Lots of love to the guys in this show, they are fabulous!  I need way more then 4 hands too count how many times I have been now.
5	I went to the show last night and it was fabulous! The show lasted at least 2 hours and held my attention every minute. The performers were excellent and I felt like I was at the best rock concert ever. This is a must see and it is reasonably priced.
5	Unbelievably great... a rocking good time... and the history of great rock music in under 2 hours! I relived my youth and sung along to most of the songs until they hit the 80's! The band was fantastic and spot on. It sure looked like they were having fun and got the audience all jacked up... which by the ways was a great mixed age crowd. They covered all the great hits of the decades with a minor side story of actors trying to bring each era to life, which was simple and worked well. Can't say enough about the band... consummate rock and rollers who didn't miss a beat. Smiled through the whole show. GO GO GO!
5	Awesome! Pure rock at its finest. The level of talent on the stage was purely amazing. It was like mini concerts all n one night playing the best of rock. Highly encourage to see this show had us singing along with every song and did not want it to end!
5	This was one of those shows that would have been perpetually in the "maybe" column, but then my wife won tickets to it.  Thanks, LVH card-swipey-machine!  10th row, just off center.  Nice.I had read the yelp reviews, which were mostly positive, so I had a good feeling about it from the start.  I expected it to rank high on the cheesy scale and to hear overly-loud music.  As for the cheesiness, I have to agree that the premise of the show (finding a rock vault 1000 years from now in a Mayan temple and opening it to reveal aging rock stars) was pretty fucking stupid.  Luckily, that was a really minor part of the overall show.  And although I didn't find the music as deafeningly loud as previous reviewers, I will say that the audio mixer should first be beaten senseless with a Korg Kronos and then strung up with the nearest available guitar cord.  I would dock the show a star for the shitty job he did, but it wouldn't be fair to the musicians, so I won't do it.  Just do me a favor if you're seeing the show - give that dipshit the evil-eye when you walk in to let you know you're watching him.  Maybe he'll stay sober for your show.Enough ranting.  Time for raving.  The band itself was a conglomeration of members of other rock bands from years gone by.  I hadn't heard of most of them (the members, not the bands), and that had me a little worried as the show started.  That concern was soon gone, as they started belting out iconic songs from the 60s, 70s, and 80s.  You know every single one of them, so that adds to the pressure to nail them, as well as the famous guitar riffs that everyone has tried on Guitar Hero at some point.  (Don't lie, you know you have!)  They pulled it off perfectly.  The coda of Led Zeppelin's (yep, went there) Stairway to Heaven was simply amazing and worth the price of admission all by itself.Added bonus:  little factoids about the bands appeared on the screens while the band was jamming, giving you a little rock history along the way.  All in all, one hell of a show.  Sadly, I'll probably have to buy my own tickets next time unless my wife gets really lucky again, but at least I'll know the show is worth every penny.
4	This is a fun show! Watch aging rockers belt out classic tunes that make you want to get up and dance! Bring earplugs, this show gets loud. The older rock "stars" give it their all and put on an entertaining show. The backup cast of comedian actors and dancers are great too. If you love rock you'll like this show.
5	My mom got tickets to this show and asked me to tag along. Free show, count me in.Theater style seating. The show started at 8 PM. The lights went down and a news reel from the 1960s began and set the stage for the musical span that was about to rock our faces. After the news reel, a video started stating that it was the year 2113. A few people in Hazmat Suits and flashlight take over the theater and stumble upon... the Rock Vault. Super corny and not needed.The members of the band come out of the rock vault. They are quickly introduced by a Radio DJ. The band plays tunes from the 60s and 70s. The band they are playing tribute to has trivia playing on the large monitors... a la Pop Up Video. There are actors between certain songs portraying hippies, being drafted into the war, and so on. In the 80s, the songs are introduced via a mock MTV DJ and the actors become dancers. The show is high voltage rock. It is very loud and meant for dancing and rocking and rolling. Such a great show and I am not a huge classic rock fan. They played a lot of classics and I learned a few things along the way.Highly recommend!
5	The idea of making a run from mid-Strip to the LVH was a little daunting.  A 20 minute cab ride and less than $20 later, found us at the doors of LVH.  It was all good.  Normally, I wouldn't be hanging out the LVH, which lost its luster a long time ago as the Las Vegas Hilton.  However, the promise of a seeing an old school kick-ass rock n' roll performance completely sucked me in.   Here's my spin on Raiding The Rock Vault.  The band is comprised of a rockers from a number of different well known bands.  They are tossed together in a sort of super band, who do an outstanding job of entertaining and connecting with the audience.  This included some forays into the audience and pulling some enthusiastic ladies on stage to dance. Tracie Guns from Guns n' Roses and L.A. Guns fame, played his axe just feet from where we were seated.  He seemed like a cool dude.  In fact, all of the band was cool.  You could tell, even though they'd been around the block, and then some, they still really enjoyed making people feel good.  If you dig rock n' roll and want to experience a concert performance by music industry veterans, make the trek to LVH and take in the show.  Sling a couple of pre-show cocktails, sit back and rock it out.  If you're me, after a few songs, you'll be swerving your head looking for a joint being passed your way.  Of course, it never comes, but you can only hope there's a former hippy in the audience who is holding some tasty bud and gets caught up in the moment.
5	Well if you like rock from the 60's to 90's, then go to this show! We have seen rock of ages in New York and Vegas and loved them both but Vegas is much better with better sound and talent. Then rock vault takes it to another level, no sappy love story, just serious rock played by real member of Hear, Asia, Quiet riot and more....I mean the performers are all members of world class rock bands all in one place. It is like a rock festival done in 2 hours , all the biggest hits 20 feet in front of you. I will be back again and again as they have different talents dropping in, next month is Jon Andersen from YES doing a cameo role as lead signer for a week! Don't miss this if you are a rocker.
5	This is ABSOLUTELY one of the best shows I have EVER seen!  From the time the lights went down until the band had walked off stage the audience was singing and dancing, myself included...Me dance?  NO!  We got the tickets for free and I looked at who was performing and said to myself, "Self, this looks like it will be a way loud and NOT my kind of music at ALL!!"  Well long story short I was VERY wrong!  It is a history of music from the 60's on, played by band members Robin McAuley, John Payne, Paul Shortino, Howard Leese, Tracii Guns, Andrew Freeman, Jay Schellen and Michael T. Ross with occasional special guests....Don't really care if I see a special guest I really liked the song selection of the regulars!  The song selection is incredible!  Every thing from Led Zepplin to Queen to The Eagles and Jemi Hendrix.  One nice thing about  this kind of a show is it could on forever!  There are so many talented musicians in the world, if someone gets bored or leaves there are so many who could slip right in.  I live right down the street and will be going back many times.  When family and friends visit, I will still take them to see Mac King and other favorite local shows but this one will MOST definitely be added to the list.  If they can see only one and they are music lovers they WILL go to this show....It better not close anytime soon!
5	Rocked our socks off from beginning to end of show. These guys really turned on the Rock & Roll! it's a fabulous trip through the years of the 60's to the 90's of Rock!
4	Hello fellow yelpers! Ok so I am really excited to write a review about this show because honestly it was surprisingly very very good. It truly is a show for all ages because lets face it this music is timeless and just plain rocks your socks off wether they be little or big haha. I have seen this show twice now (yes twice now it's that awesome) and I honestly would see it again. The first time I went it was just me and my boyfriend and we got our tickets from this sweet locals website. The seats ended up being in the first row so that was pretty cool because we did go on a Saturday. Also, side note I did not expect very many people to be there just because its a bunch of old rock stars playing a show in Vegas but there was a decent crowd even when we went the second time which was a Sunday so that's cool. The show is epic the songs rock an I love how it has a storyline it's really cool and it adds a lot to the show. I'm just saying I'm a young person and I loved every minute of it. One of the best parts as well is the fact that every person that is there is just as into it as you are and it makes the energy incredible.The only reason I am not giving it five stars which don't get me wrong the show and the performers get five stars from me, but the only reason it doesn't get five stars is because if you want another drink it's a self serve bar so you have to leave to get a drink which sucks because I just wanna keep on rockin while I get my drink on!! A must see to say the least.
5	Absolutely the best show in Las Vegas I have ever seen and I have seen them all. This super-band clicks on all levels. From Hendrix to Led Zeppelin to Journey to AC/DC, this will take you from the 60's thru the 80's with seamless effort. Tracii Guns rips a perfect high energy Stairway to Heaven solo. If you love classic rock and grew up in the 60's, 70's and 80's you willlove this show. I will absolutely see it again.I wish they would tour the US.
5	FANTASTIC SHOW! If you only see one show in Vegas it has to be this one. Some of musics most talented musicians will take you through the music of the 60's , 70's, and 80's. My husband and I purchased the VIP tickets, which included a meet and greet. To say that all the guys were nice would be an understatement. I would see this show again, and again.
5	A Ton of Talent  with a Great Variety of Music and a bit of Theatrical I would not go as far as calling this a Musical as I would a Concert  a Must See for any Rock Music Fan ! Songs from Queen ,Led Zeppelin ,Bon Jovi ,Van Halen ,Pink Floyd ,Deep Purple and Many More! A Must See!
5	Raiding the Rock Vault is easily one of the best shows in Vegas and is a total must-see if you love timeless classic rock! Our friend wanted to see this show purely for Tracii Guns but we'd been wanting to see it because we'd heard how amazing it was!  It starred some of rock's greats including Robin McAuley of Survivor, John Payne of Asia, Howard Leese of Heart, etc. and the music was just legendary!  The little "skits" in between the songs created a story that took you through the eras of rock music and created a natural flow from one time period to the next.  The screen often showed factoids about the history of the song, music era, or band that they were portraying so it was fun but also informative!  The music was performed so masterfully and had us on our feet singing along much of the time.  An entertaining time warp through the 60's, 70's, and 80's, this show had everyone of all ages rocking out!
5	The best show in Vegas. I could've gone multiple times- these musicians prove why they are rock stars. Brilliant entertainment. Not much more to add to the plethora of positive reviews- just happy to experience it!!!
4	2 hours of the best rock songs by a great melting pot of rock's vanguards! You will be surprisedI was offered free tickets from the LVH, so we headed down for a Sunday night at 8 pm show. I did a little research so I'd know what to expect. I'm a big 80s fan, so was looking forward to hearing the musicians from the 80s bands in the show (Survivor, Asia). The show starts way cheesy, with a literal interpretation of the "Rock Vault" theme. Luckily, the rest of the show isn't cheesy, save for a few skits in between the 60s, 70s & 80s transitions.There are too many songs from each decade to include all the great classic rock hits, but they picked some good ones. Even though the showroom wasn't full, the crowd was mostly into the show, and the performers got most people up and dancing. At over 2 hours, I felt the show was a little long..........but $39 or so for locals is a great price for a 2 hour show!
5	I'm a little late on this (ok, a lot late) but better late than never.I had heard about this show and was super-happy when I found out that I'd be in town not long after the show began (I was there in mid-April).  I'm a huge fan of these guys... Paul Shortino (Rough Cutt, Quiet Riot, the Cutt), Robin McAuley (Grand Prix, MSG) and Tracii Guns (G&R, LA Guns, Contraband), and I had also heard that Joe Lynn Turner (Rainbow, Deep Purple, Yngwie Malmsteen) might make an appearance - hell yeah!(You can tell that I'm a total classic rock/metal geek because I'm sure you have no idea who a few of these bands are... right?)So a friend of mine is a friend of a couple of the band members and we ended up on the guest list.  2nd row!  :)  I'll agree that the premise of the show is a bit dorky, but the band itself is great.  It was a bit weird listening to some of my favorite vocalists sing other stuff, especially the 80's stuff (from bands they hung out with!).  And sure enough, Joe Lynn Turner and his wig showed up and played a couple of songs from his Rainbow & Deep Purple days. (Ok, I joke about the wig but he really is one of the best vocalists in rock!)After the show, a few of the band members came out and hung with the crowd at the bar... got to talk to Paul for a while and for those of you who are Spinal Tap fans, no... he is NOT a wanker! ;)  Only real gripe... I really wish the artists had played some of their own stuff.  Kinda disappointed during the 60's segment that Paul didn't sing his version of "Piece of My Heart" (his band Rough Cutt covered this song around '84 or so).  I understand that the average audience really isn't full of hardcore fans, but those of us who are, well... I definitely would have loved to hear some MSG and LA Guns stuff.  But all in all, I would definitely go again.  I heard Jon Anderson from Yes will be there this month - so check it out!
5	Hands down...best performance ever.  Two hours of classic rock, from three decades between the 60's and the 80's.  Class act musicians from mainstay rock groups poured their hearts out in one of the best concerts we have ever seen. Close your eyes and you would swear you were with Led Zeppelin playing  "Stairway to Heaven" down to every note dead on!  Great smaller venue theater at the Las Vegas Hilton where there is not a bad seat in the house.  Simply put...just go!
2	Went to Vegas just to see this show with special guest Jon Anderson of Yes.  The show started strong, with My Generation, Light My Fire, Stairway to Heaven, Smoke On The Water.  However, after Stairway, the show quickly deteriorated into stupid theatrics, weak medleys, and songs by likes of Survivor, Bon Jovi, Whitesnake and Bryan Adams.  Really?! You must be kidding me.  No Rush, Police, Pearl Jam, Taling Heads, White Stripes.  Instead, AM radio slush that had the cougars on their feet like they were seeing Elvis or The Beatles.  Ugghhh!Jon Anderson did not appear until the end of the show, limited to singing just 2 songs - Roundabout and Owner Of A Lonely Heart.  With the strong, talented band they had on stage, they could have done a half hour of Yes music.All in all, a great start to the show, then total disappointment.  Jon even skipped the after show meet and greet, where you could wait on line to get autographs from....the non musician Vegas actors.  Come on, Man!!
5	Loved this show. Talented down to earth rockers doing a wonderful job of telling the story of classic rock. They Did a ticketed meet & greet before the show and a free meet & greet after the show. They interacted with the audience and all did a great job. We had a great time and would highly recommend this show.
5	I've seen this show four times.  My most recent was Sept. 22, 2013 for the show with Jon Anderson.  This is a phenomenal show! The musical talent in this production will blow you away. Whether you see the original cast or the guest artists that replace the touring musicians or the special guest nights, like the one with Jon Anderson... the quality of music remains the same. The band often is out mingling with guests at the bar Tempo right after the show, so if you hang around, your night just keeps getting better. Love You Guys!
5	Do you need a trip down nostalgia lane? Well, follow the Yellow Brick Road or the Stairway to Heaven or Electric Avenue right to Raiding the Rock Vault (spoiler alert: only one of those geographically-named songs is actually in the show). This show has just enough cheesy-corny antics to make it Vegas-worthy but the real heart of the show is a very talented crew of musicians making up the best cover band you've ever heard. In several cases, it's not even a cover -- it's the real deal. For example, Robin McAuley (of Survivor) is on hand to belt out Eye of the Tiger for you. And it's a small enough venue that you'll feel like he IS belting it out JUST FOR YOU. And just when I thought there was an oversight, that an essential song had been overlooked (internal monologue: "I REALLY wish they had included Jukebox Hero) it was like they read my mind and decided to close the show with the most killer version of Jukebox Hero that I've ever heard. Wine gets better with age and apparently, so do kick-ass musicians. In addition to the super-group house band, they have regular "guest stars" join in to switch it up (Bobby Kimball/Asia; Joe Lynn Turner/Rainbow and Deep Purple; Lou Gramm/Foreigner) so if you're local, keep an eye out and see it more than once. As other reviewers have noted, this show does draw an older crowd which for me (in my 30s) is GREAT. I love to see shows with people who are there for the MUSIC and appreciate it enough to shut up, put their cell phones away and not be drunk-beyond-standing-up during the show.The show runs a solid 2 hours - plan on it when making dinner plans. As far as Vegas ticket prices go, this is one of the best values out there.
5	Outstanding show...where everyone on stage is a rock 'n roll legend! Hands down the best show in Vegas!
5	By far one of the best showss I have seen in Vegas over 2 hours... Music from 60's-80's!!!! Must see if you love classic rock :)
5	I have to write this as I saw the show last night!!   If you are a fan of classic rock and roll, this is the show for you!   Amazing talented musicians and an intimate theater combine for The Best Jam Session ever!  These are the guys who live and breathe rock and roll and you can tell that they love the music and performing for the fans!  Tracii Guns, Paul Shortino, Robin McCauley, John Payne, Howard Leese..special guest, Lou Gramm from Foreigner, these are true rock musicians and well worth the price.  This is the show not to miss.  I will definitely be going again.
5	I didn't want the show to end. My husband and I went to Vegas for a weekend get away and I wanted to surprise him with a show. We both love music and loved every minute. We didn't get bored. Neither of us are into acrobats or musicals, but love classic rock. This show was awesome. I wanted more. The only people that didn't look like they were having a good time were the over 70 crowd. It is loud, but the lighting and music were fantastic. buy your tickets for mid orchestra section on halfoff.com. So worth it!
5	Yee-hah!I am offered free tickets to this show regularly in my monthly LVH mailers, but I was skeptical because I figured you get what you pay for, especially at the LVH. Well, I checked the reviews of my fellow yelpers who took the plunge, and was surprised at the positive responses. So, the Anaconda and I decided to make a night of it, complete with our first illegal smiles in about 20 years (don't judge us - the kids are grown) and headed out on a mission to recapture our youth. Success! This show was great! I have to admit I really didn't recognize the names of any of the band members (I only ever knew the names of all the Beatles and your occasional Rolling Stone), but I certainly  had heard the music of the groups they were in. Let me tell you- these are skilled, seasoned musicians who did justice to every song they covered, and every song was a classic. (No losers from somebody's latest album that you never heard of). Got a little nervous when they did "Stairway to Heaven", we all know it just ain't Led zeppelin without Robert Plant, but they pulled it off by having two guys singing together, and it worked fine. My only objection, really, was the cheesy little vignettes at the beginning and inserted in between songs. I guess they need some kind of lead-in and then breaks for the little mini costume changes they do (or maybe those old guys just need a rest), but I could have done without it. Definitely not worth deducting a star.The night we went, the lead singer from Foreigner was there, and they even trotted out a gospel choir for the chorus of "I Want To Know What Love Is". They really had those gnarled, liver-spotted fists in the audience pumping.I had texted my niece about our activities for the evening, and she texted back "Good Lord- what is this- 1976?!" Yep. It was. Good times.
5	What a hella great show!!!  All the music I grew up with plus the added bonus of artists in the band who played in some of those great bands!!  You get a bit of theatrics mixed with live music and on the screens are images of the band they are playing along with some history and trivia.  What great musicians in the band and of course the great guest performers.  I was lucky enough to see the gig with Lou Gramm and THANKS LOU!!  We are so happy you are still with us and it was a great pleasure to see you perform again.  Prices on tickets are amazing for a Vegas show!!
3	Closer to 3.5 stars.I love classic rock and i respect a good cover band.  This is in no way a 5 star show.  I think this could have been a solid 4 star show if.....a.) If Robin McCauley fronted all of the songs.  He is clearly the only talented vocalist left on that stage.  Great voice with range.  The other guys just were ok, to bad to awful.b.) The sketches were lame. Had they just kept to to FM DJ, would have been much better.Set list is great to be honest and some renditions are great like Stairway, and Livin on Prayer eventhough i hate the song and all things Bon Jovi.This show has potential.  Find a full time vocalist who can do most of the songs. And give yourself some flexibility with set list by dumping sketches.
5	This show was amazing! The songs were fantastic, they were entertaining to watch and easily accessible after the show! It was so awesome to see stuff I grew up with, the old KLOS logo, and different fashions for each song. Me and my costumed girlfriends were standing and dancing most of the show. DEFINITELY recommend.
4	The weekend we saw the show Lou Gramm, the original lead singer of Foreigner, was the guest star and he performed 3 of the group's hits.  This show was truly a rock concert with music of 60's-80's bands such as Bon Jovi, Journey, Van Halen, Free, and the Who.  The sole weakness was during the closing credits when every participant and their next of kin were introduced.  It was dragged on for so long we ended up departing before the end. A rating of 3.5 would be appropriate.
5	I have been so fortunate to see virtually every show in Vegas, I love Beetles Love, Jersey Boys and many others but my new favorite is Raiding The Rock Vault!  I hate to admit it but I have been about ten times now, it just keeps getting better each time!  100% of the friends and guests I have taken have also loved it.  Imagine a 2 hour rock concert with the best band members from the best bands of the 80s - present playing the best songs of the best bands of the 60s - 90s, beyond belief.  Now combine this with special guests that add another several of their songs plus a Jersey Boys type of acting and story of history of Classic Rock and you have a winner!  One review stated only one of the band members should be singing, this is 100% wrong, all of those taking turns or sharing lead vocals are beyond awesome.  Maybe that reviewed needs a hearing aid, I am not sure, I guess beauty and music are in the eye and ear of the beholder!
5	best show  show in vegas----you will never see a rock show like this---the prices are too cheap--and compare the prices--they are too cheap---this is the best show i have ever seen---I am 62years old---and grew up with the pretty things---long john bauldry----the kinks--and trust me this band is doing  you a favor to let you see  them at these low prices---you will never see a band like this never----and the las vegas hotel is lucky they got a group like this to bring people like me and my  friends into it--I do not take comps---i pay for my tickets and am happy to do so---and i know the people who maybe negative get free comp tickets----this is the best show one will ever see   janet
5	I rarely give a 5 Star review... However this show deserves it! It's one of the best shows, I've ever seen.As a fan of all Rock music, I found this show very entertaining! I was at the edge of my seat, when I wasn't singing and dancing. I saw the show a few months ago. The Line Up was... Tracii Guns  of Guns N Roses, and L. A. Guns, Paul Shortino from Quiet Riot,   John Payne of Survivor, Jay Schellen from Asia, Andrew Freeman who played with the Lynch Mob, & The Offspring. Michael T. Ross from Lita Ford throws great keyboard into the mix.The band performs some of the greatest Rock Songs of all time. Songs like... My Generation, Light My Fire, Watchtower, All Right Now, Stairway To Heaven, Smoke On The Water, Hotel California, We Are The Champions, Living On A Prayer, Juke Box Hero, Jump & many more hits! In between decades, the actors add a comical rendition of what rockers were like during those decades, following 4 people, through a time machine.The line up is always changing, and interesting. I know people who've seen the show multiple times, and say, "There's always a surprise."I would see this show many times!
5	Rock and Roll Hoochie Koo, google it if you are not old enough to remember it.   No Rick Derringer is not in this show but plenty of very talented musicians from bands you know and love are. This show is non stop air guitar worthy, stand on your feet and shout at the moon music! You may not know all of the names in the show but don't let this stop you from seeing this well produced, fast moving show. You will not be yawning at this baby. If you are check your pulse bro. It takes me back to the days of Boss Jocks and great rock music at KMET and KLOS which just so happens to be featured in the show in one of the vignettes. If you know rock music or have ears you will know all of the songs they play and will rock out with the best of them. Hats off to the producers and the musicians, very well done!
5	Great Show! If you are a fan of 70's and 80's classic rock music then this show is a must see! Just to see Tracy Guns is enough reason to go (such a talent!) this is not a cheesy show..just a fun rock show about music and talent..very fun!
5	Seen this show twice now and honestly would go every night if I could. The entire band is amazing and Tracii Guns and Andrew Freeman are fantastic! Met them after the show last night and they were just very cool, down to earth guys. I love the storylines and the actors do a great job! Do not miss this show if you love classic rock! You will be guaranteed to have a great time and leave with a big smile :)
4	Super fun! Great energy! Awesome to hear classic rock n roll performed by the guys that were there in the making of rock n roll history! The set and lights were exciting, the musicians were incredible; versatile and energetic! Really great night of music!
5	Holy cow !! For an old fart lover of rock n roll, this show was awesome !!  the gf and I got 2nd row tickets thru house seats.  sat directly In front of Howard Leese of Heart fame- the dude might be an oldie but he can still bring it.  As a guitar hero wannabe I paid close attention to his guitar skills - priceless !A little surprised they didn't play a Beatles song but enjoyed the Who, Rolling Stones, Doors, Hendrix songs and I liked how they ended each decade with a montage of songs.  The gf loved the 80's songs but I kinda wanted to hear a guns and roses tune instead of some of the 80's songs chosen but the fact remains there are simply too many songs/bands to choose from.  I will hit up house seats as many times as they allow to see more Rock Vault showsone pic attached
5	Rating the Rock Vault has got to be the best show in Vegas! It has an amazing cast and the most amazing music. If you only see one show in Vegas, make sure it is this one!!!
5	Absolutely a phenomenal show it is easily the #1 show in vegas. You will be blown away by this show one of the part that takes this show to big heights is the way they are with the crowd. They have tremendous interactions with kids, young adults, middle age and even grandmas..... these guys are rock n they are by far the best. This show is a must watch !!!!!! MUST! WATCH I'm 27 again loved every song and every minute of the show!!! Go see it everyone!
5	good show, great music.
5	Great Fun!   Great music!  Masterful guitar playing by Howard Leese!  Great voices sharing the duties across a delightful list of well known favorites.  This show is a must see if you love rock and live music at the highest levels!!
5	I like how there was a storyline to guide you through the music. They had fun facts and information displayed on huge screens for each song. Very informative. My favorite was when they did medleys. You could tell that everyone was having fun on stage, which really got the audience excited. Amazingly talented musicians with star power backed voices.
5	Simply Brilliant ! Extraordinary ! Amazing ! Cool !This show is a time capsule that catches the essence of Rock music in it's most shinning moments.The arstist do the best job in the world to represent Rock music in the world. There is clearly something in the air that will get you off your feet and start jamming.
5	Just like being at a rock concert! These guys were incredibly talented and had crazy energy. The story telling skits were slightly cheesy but funny nonetheless. I was born in 91 and knew maybe half the songs but the performances were incredibly good (I felt like I wanted to be a groupie for a hot second there). If you like music from the 60s-80s, this show is a must see.P.s. I sat around center right, but any seat would be good as its not that big of a theater. Sound quality was great too.
5	This show was amazing and full of energy ,I recommend anyone coming to Las Vegas see this show. The cast of celebrity entertainer's song selection really wowed the audience I was on my feet dancing , thank you "Raiding The Vault"  show at the LVH for making my rock -n-roll experience  one I would never forget!  I'm your biggest fan.
5	This is just like being at a rock concert.  I am planning on seeing the Jan 24th show but wish they would bring back Jason Boyleston, the bass guitarist.  Howard Leese is good and is in the Hall of Fame  but Jason adds class, good looks and some energy to the group.  He is very humble, adorable and a very  good guitarist.  You can see he loves being in the group. Please bring him back.
4	I wish I had more stars to rate with because I don't think this is a 4/5... But 3 looks bad and it wasn't that either. I feel like it's more of a 7/10. I'd like to start by saying all of these musicians are extremely talented and played their hearts out, and this is a show that any music fan should check out, for no other reason than it's so completely different from every other vegas show out there. Now, that being said, I feel like the show does need improvement specifically in the area of setlist and the vocal assignment of songs.At one point I had turned to my husband as even said, "I think I don't fit the demographic for this because I listen to too much music, and literally every song they're playing is that one song a band plays that i promised myself if I ever heard it again I'd immediately go insane." Don't get me wrong, I get it. I understand that you want to play it safe and have recognizable songs, but spice it up a little! The Doors had so many better songs than "Light My Fire", and playing any other Aerosmith song than "Dream On" would showcase the band and make it a lot more fun! I also do not understand a classic rock show that gives a full song to Bon Jovi (and btw I'm willing to bet at least one person on that stage dislikes that song), but not even a snippet of Janis Joplin, CCR, Black Sabbath, Dio, Rush, Cream, Steve Miller, Alice Cooper, KISS, or even Guns n Roses. Sometimes it's better to not play it so safe with the set list, and I'm really writing this part of the review in hopes it'll be taken into consideration for future shows. Back to the positive though! This show is still worth the money and is a lot of fun. It's also much longer than most shows in town which is a plus. If you go in and enjoy what they play and try not to focus on what was missing, you'll thoroughly enjoy it.
5	What a fun show.  Best Rock and Roll show in Las Vegas.  Went last night to the first show for 2014 and want to go again tonight.  I wish I could give 10 stars.  If you are in vegas DO NOT miss this show.
5	Raiding The Rock Vault at LVH is a must see for locals and/or visitors. The show has a storyline with actors, musical performances, the musicians are very engaging and will have you on your feet singing by the end. There are giant movie screens that tell you about the history of music. You really won't be disappointed in this show or taking someone here.
5	A awesome show!!! This is located at LVH. The show begins at 8pm and we got out about 10:15pm. REAL people that have played in rock bands such as Whitesnake, The Offspring, Asia, Quiet Riot, Survivor etc. They recreated such an awesome songs. Loved how they did the Led Zepplien Stairway to Heaven. Amazing guitarist from Whitesnake did the song and he sounded just like Robert Plant himself. We were the second row from the stage and loved every minute of it!!You are allowed to take pictures with your phone as long as you do not use a flash!!Totally would go again and get our Rock on!!
5	I have seen several rock acts here in Las Vegas and this was one of the best if not The best rock show that I have seen. The musicians are fantastic and every song rocks! My wife and I really enjoyed how the flow of the show went and how the musicians really seemed to enjoy themselves. I play guitar myself,  and was thoroughly impressed.
4	80% rock concert 20% broadway show. The boys in the band have got their second wind in life and can really play. I saw Jon Anderson the lead vocalist from YES there doing a few solos and he was very good.Sound became a little overloaded at times, but perhaps the producers add in a little distortion so it sound like a real rock concert.
5	Had front row tickets for the show, to be sat just feet away from Whitesnake's Doug Aldrich was amazing, highlights had to be Hotel California , Stairway to heaven and of course Here I go again, the pace never drops for nearly 2 hours, ex heavyweight champ Leon Spinks was sat a couple of rows behind me so I got to shake his hand on the way out, a perfect ending to a great show, do not miss this!
5	Incredible rock of ages type of show!  They take you back from 1960's and the beginning of Rock and Roll and progress forward with each year and play the hottest songs!  Just incredible...you won't regret going!
5	There are many shows in Las Vegas.  Indeed, there are so many shows that an individual could see one every day of the year starting on new Year's Day and not see them all by Christmas.Being a local, I've seen almost all of them.  I can only remember three that I'd pay to see again.  This is at the top of my list.  The show is a solid two hours of non-stop Rock and Roll; a journey from the mod music of the '60's to the video era of the '80's.  It's performed by musicians whose impeccable credentials include performing in the major music movers of those decades.Looking around the audience, I saw mostly fans of my age, but there were also quite a few of the younger generation (and not just those dragged in by their parents).  This just proves that the appeal of classic Rock is not just for the AARP generation: it speaks to the fact that the music of my youth still strikes a chord with all who appreciate real music, as opposed to the mindless pap churned out today.Go see this.  Period.
5	Very nice show! I've been to it twice, buy your drinks at the casino bar, way cheaper than the venues bar!
5	Had THE best time!!  On my feet all night!  Every song better than the last. Guaranteed fun for everyone. Rock lives in Vegas!!  A must must see!!  Legendary band members, nostalgia - this show has it all!!
5	Hell ya! Bring your Air Guitar!!! Rock out and have fun for 2 solid  hours...the wrap around...the ties the music together is a little cheesy as others have said..but other then that...it was a fun show..A must see if you like classic rock...The set list varies...last night the show ended with "Jump" from Van Halen...I would have ended with either an AC/DC song...or maybe Foreigner's Jukebox Hero....
5	This is the best show in Vegas and one I hope to see over and over again! These are professional musicians that entertain and play their heart and soul out and throw in the funny to boot! If you love music, especially rock music then you must see this show. Wish they had more than 5 stars, it's that good. I was lucky enough to meet the cast after the show on Feb. 15, 2014. They were such a gracious and friendly group that it made it even a better experience. If you saw the show in 2013, you have to go back as Doug Aldridge has added so much to the show with his FANTASTIC playing. Don't miss the best show in Vegas!
5	A brilliant show that I can recommend to anybody who loves rock, and remembers the 60's, 70's and 80's. But then, my 19year old daughter was there, and she thought it was an awesome show too!I was there in January 2014, and I will go see it again tonight! One of the best shows! The musicians are great talents, they rock the show! The choice of songs was awesome, people get up, rock out...Rock on Las Vegas!
5	A Five Star performance and show! The advertising for this show doesn't do it justice. The music spanned three generations from the 60's to the 80's. All the songs were bang on performed by some of our greatest rock musicians. I loved seeing these guys perform, they really enjoy being on stage and it really shows. I highly recommend watching this show to anyone who remotely enjoys music, enjoy, we did!
5	Ok. So at first I'm not going to lie. I assumed this was NOT going to be my thing. I had already marked a bunch of why not's. 1) it's 2 hours long 2) i know nothing about rock 3) i assumed it was all old songs i couldn't relate to 4) I wasn't born during any of those eras.I was WRONG. WRONG. WRONG. WRONG! I'm sorry!!! I loved it. I had a great time. I went with the family with half of our group being our parents and in laws. Majority of the crowd was obviously those who grew up during the 60s, 70s, and 80s, and of course the music junkies and those who grew up (like me) with parents who grew up during the 60s, 70s, and 80s, and was exposed to this type of music. (that was a hand full right there -get it? because i'm typing and not actually saying it? nvm....)The show was basically in a rock like setting with scenes interchanging between era's and even making comical skits that remind you of the "mood and vibe" during each era. There's also the "Vault", which during the intro, reveals the all star elite rock band that comprised of some of the best known guitarists, vocalists, drummers, and such who represented chart topping rock bands during these eras. Some included musicians from groups like Offspring, Heart (my faves!), Asia, and Whitesnake. There's more of course (but you're going to have to check out the website for the line up).Anyway, they played some really good songs even I was jamming to and recognized. I was so thankful, and to be honest, more than half were my favorite. I wasn't even conceived during those eras, but I sat there singing and dancing along wishing I was. They're amazing live. With your tickets you get a BOGO offer for their "Rocktails" that come in a souvie cup. Be warned! Those are some rockin' cocktail combos (one rocktail has crown in it and the other tequila).After the show, they come outside, you get to be a part of the meet and greet and autograph signing if you bought their merchandise. So, if this brings back some serious nostalgia for you, and you maybe never got a chance to shake their hand the last time you went to their concert, well here's your chance. Here are a few faves that they played:HEART - ALONELED ZEPPELIN - STAIRWAY TO HEAVENTHE EAGLES - HOTEL CALIFORNIAJOURNEY - SEPARATE WAYSDEEP PURPLE - SMOKE ON THE WATERWE ARE THE CHAMPIONS - QUEENA few covers from (because I can't remember the song):VAN HALENAC/DCBON JOVIJIMI HENDRICKSDOORSSURVIVORGUNS N ROSESAEROSMITH (infamous fashion attire included)Lastly, when you go. Be sure your air guitar is finely tuned and your fingers are ready to throw up the rock out signal all night.
5	Signed up for Yelp just so I could give this show 5 stars.  If you like classic rock just a little you will absolutely love this show.  Even if you are not, you will.  The setlist was unbelievable and you can feel the power and energy from the performers.We were lucky enough to hear Stephanie Calvert (from the current Starship) as a special guest cast member.  She totally rocked "Heartbreaker" and when she and Howard Leese performed "Alone", it gave me goosebumps.
5	Great show! The set it up in a kind of hoaky time travel thing, but the focus is definitely on some great music! The musicians are obviously having a ton of fun doing what they love and (duh!) they're VERY good at what they do! A taste of history combined with some seriously great rock n roll! I highly recommend this to any classic rock fans!!! I was lucky enough to go when there was also a female singer so we got some Fleetwood Mac, Pat Benatar, and Heart! Go and enjoy yourself!
5	Wow.  This was one of the best shows I have been to in Vegas.  Over 2 hours of nonstop music.  All the classic songs that we know and love.  This was a hundred times better than I expected.  The musicians were incredible, these guys really know how to bring it.  I was really impressed and can't wait to return!  Hoping they mix up the playlist in the future to include Rush!!
5	Took my husband and 2 daughters (19 & 12) to this show after purchasing a Groupon. We all love rock & roll and decided to give it a shot.WOW! What a show, for two hours the four of us ( and the entire crowd) sang along, danced,  applauded and screamed! It was so thrilling to see my girls enjoying the show and music as much as us adults did!I would recommend this show to anyone who likes great rock n' roll, you will not be disappointed.
5	This was such a fun show! Seeing the music of the 60s, 70s, and 80s performed by some the rock legends that actually wrote and played the music originally was a privilege. We were up on our feet dancing and singing during most of the show.
5	The show was so Awesome, I would go see the show again. I took my best friend and her husband and they enjoyed the show too.
5	My husband and I had a great time at this show. It was our  favorite from the entire trip. The storyline was entertaining, the songs great and the performers were outstanding and very enthusiastic. We also got a souvenir drink in a guitar shaped large cup emblazoned with the name of the show which was a nice touch. We also enjoyed the facts about the groups and the songs that were up on the back screen. Awesome experience!
5	That was one badass show! Like the worlds greatest cover band on steroids. The songs are all 70s and 80s sing along favorites and the production value was way better than I thought. I'm looking at you awesome lasers and lights. The dude who used to be lead guitarist for dio and whitesnake was fire. The entire time. And a special shout out goes to the hot chick singer who, I didn't think I would like, but she crushed her 2 songs. Total f'n rockstar!  The only con is that the audience skews a bit older (I'm in my 30s and I was definitely on the young side) so they took a while to get going, but once they did it was a party
5	Loved the show. I went with my gf and we both enjoyed the full two hours of the show.  Out of the 4 shows I've seen in Vegas I would rate this best even over Cirque de Soleil. If you are in to rock'n roll don't miss this!
5	FANTASTIC SHOW!!In Vegas this past weekend with friends, got tickets to the show not really knowing what to expect, and were completely thrilled with the Everything about the show!The superior caliber of the Artists  ..Amazing!   So Much Talent! We will be telling everyone we know to see this show!
5	Every seat is a good seat.  Great sound.  Great light show.  Awesome singing.  Two hours that seem to go by so quick, you don't want to leave.  Really, really recommended!
5	The show was amazing!!  For a 40-something soccer Mom to come away feeling like her 22-year old former self, that is a fountain of youth that you just can't bottle...even in a 32-oz souvenir cup.  I went to the show 3 times over the course of the one week I was in Vegas on business.  Did I do it because there was nothing else to do in Vegas?  Nope...plenty of other things I could have been doing.  I went 3 times because there was nothing else I would rather have been doing in Vegas!!!  I only said Saturday was the best night because the crowd was the most enthusiastic that night.  It's funny to see people start out in the audience so serene, sitting in their seats, listening to My Generation and Hotel California, and then to be drawn to their feet and throw their grown-up restraint aside and bang their heads as if they still have their 80's big hair flowing.  If you think you have self-control, then I dare you to go to this show.  These guys will will you out of your seat and you'll be banging your head and wishing you had a lighter in the first 15 minutes. This isn't some cover band.  These are THE GUYS, from THE BANDS that we stood in long lines to buy tickets for back in the day, and they are doing covers of some of the best songs ever!  How to pick which songs go in the vault?  So hard to do.  But, I think they nailed it!!
5	This isn't just a band that plays somebody else's songs. These are veteran artists who really know how to play classic rock songs, because in some cases they *were* the original performers! And they play the songs true to the original. It's fantastic.Don't let the absurdly low price discourage you from catching this show.
5	Can't say enough about how much fun this show was.  We had picked up tickets through Travel zoo and had an awesome awesome time.  The musicians really seem to enjoy what they're doing (and they're attitude is infectious).
3	How this is rated as one of the top shows in Vegas is beyond me. The band that played for free at our hotel, Phoenix, was just as good or better without the cheesy skits in between. The singers are stellar but the show, in my opinion, just can't rank up there with a Cirque du Soleil or Blue Man Group show. It's very cheesy - nice try with a concept of finding a rock time capsule but $50+ it was not worth.If you are wanting to relive your big hair, stone-washed jeans, early MTV days...have fun.
5	Great show! So glad we went, we will go again next time we come to Vegas. Its inside the Las Vegas Hilton, in the sketchy side of the strip, so I wouldn't stay in the hotel. These rockers know how to belt out a great show.
5	The best show in Vegas if you like classic rock. I have been to this show multiple times and never get tired of the show. Great show for your kids and grandkids. I highly recommend this over any cheesy cirque show.
5	Great artists and great music! It totally rocked. I wasn't sure what to expect, but was impressed. My wife and sister-in-law loved it too! Found discount tickets on Groupon.  Freaking amazing! If you enjoy Rock-N-Roll, you won't be disappointed.
5	Took some out of town guests to our favorite rock show last night and I swear this show just keeps getting better! Fabulous performances by an amazingly talented cast. They keep it fresh by switching up the music and bringing in additional talent at times. A recent performance by the female singer from Starship knocked our socks off. Just  an amazing show with some of rock's best. Go see em.....I bet you can't sit in your seat the whole night!
5	Ho-Hum......just another five star review. But really folks, to see true rock stars performing our favorite rock anthems PERFECTLY at a price a whole lot cheaper than any of the cirque shows (or most any other show in Vegas) is UNBELIEVABLE!My only apology is to those who sat around me because I just couldn't keep quiet and sit in my chair for a show like this. I'm 57 but, for two hours, felt 18 all over again.  Just great!I'm alrady bugging the wife about our next trip to Vegas just to see these guys again.
5	My husband and I received these tickets as a gift.  We have never been to a Vegas show....this was one of the highlights of our trip!  The whole entire show is non stop!  We had absolutely perfect seats.  We could see everything from the rows  close to the back.  The sound was great!  Everyone on this show is obviously dedicated and the songs are awesome!  I feel lucky to have had the opportunity to have gone to this show!  The lady who performs Pat Benetar songs is unbelievable and Robin Mcauley is extremely fun to watch!  I would have never guessed I would have had so much fun which led me to buy a tshirt to remember this night!
5	Somewhere between a comedy show and the world's most amusing professional karaoke-cover band I was lucky enough to visit Raiding The Rock Vault with a friend and although I entered a skeptic I emerged having experienced something I can truly call "a blast."  From the quality musicianship of the entire band as they rolled through Zeppelin, Floyd, Stones, Eagles, ZZTop, Aerosmith, Boston, Journey, AC/DC, and many more over two non-stop hours to the brief skits in between there is rarely an unamusing moment for the classic rock junky in the LVH Theater and while the guys on stage are excellent the people watching almost steals the show - a motley crew of half-drunken to fully-sloshed Baby Boomers rocking along to the tunes of their youth.  Having seen aged rock acts such as Deep Purple, Boston, and Foreigner at various festivals over the years suffice it to say that the artists at Raiding The Rock Vault are 'even better than the real thing,' at times.  To this point the best show I've seen in Vegas - sorry Elton and KA.
5	What a great show, excellent music, and a pleasure to watch. Have booked tickets to go again this month. Well worth seeing.
4	I'd probably give this show 3.5 stars, but because of the great value I got through Groupon ($35 per ticket), I bumped it up to 4. This is essentially the best rock music cover band ever assembled. Well, maybe not. But I haven't seen enough rock cover bands to make that distinction boldly. All I know is that the music was awesome. I play the drums and know a thing or two about musicianship, and these guys (and girl) were killer. I'm a younger guy, so basically all of the songs performed were from before my time, but they're all familiar tunes that will have everyone singing and dancing along. I especially enjoyed the first hour of the show, when they stuck to the "story telling" format. During the second half, it basically just becomes a medley of 80s rock songs, and the story is put on the back burner. I know they have to please everyone, but I was a little bummed that they abandoned that format. Overall, this show is a great value, and if you are a music fan of any kind, it will be tough to leave disappointed.
5	We were on a girls trip and saw the show Sunday night.  WOW!  I had no doubt this would be good but I had no idea the music would be so FANTASTIC and the show SO MUCH FUN!!  I've seen hundreds of concerts in my 47 years and it's fun to watch all of you having a good time up there, too!  The meet and greet afterwards was a bonus.  Doug Aldrich is a longtime favorite of mine (I should have taken him up on his offer to trade shirts with me!  Damn!  LOL). Don't miss this show the next time you are in Las Vegas!
5	perfect 2 hours stage show. Great atmosphere, great Theater, great music.
5	Get a LVH players card and you might get free tickets!! This show was EVERYTHING!! I rocked out in the crowd with my husband and the rest of the crowd. It was definitely a great show!! I knew alot of the songs considering I'm actually an 80s baby, but that show confirmed my first soul was in the 60s or 70s for sure! lol...I really enjoyed the brief history lesson as well. I loved looking at the older crowds eyes as their favorite songs came on and how they lit up in joy!!! I have that same light when a song from TLC comes on!!It is definitely a great show and alot of interaction so that makes it even better!!! And don't let those old fellas fool you on that stage they have more energy than me at 27 years old!! So standing ovation to them!!! I loved the guitar players the most though!! Please so see this show when you go to Vegas!! Anyone who has an ounce of appreciation for Rock Music will love it.
5	It was an AWESOME show!  I was expecting a good show based on the stars on Yelp and Trip Advisor, but they far exceeded my expectations. The band member s looked like they were having a blast and it made the audience have a blast with them.  Cute concept and great music!  Absolutely loved it!
5	great show!!saw this show 2 times, ****doug aldrich**** was excellent, the whole experience is a must if you are in vegas!!!the whole band is amazing.. you will get lost in their performances and the time capsule show  has the funniest lead actor!important- do vip if you can.. it's the best backstage vip tickets i have ever purchased!!!a unique and amazing- friendly group of the most talented musicians today!!!will be back.. :))
5	Can RTRV get any better?  Yes-once again, these rock veterans provide maximum entertainment with an intense musical experience. Worth seeing multiple times during your Vegas visit!
5	Absolutely loved the show!!  The vocals, acoustics, skits showcasing the different rock decades, lighting and music was spectacular! A must-see if you're in LV or staying at the LVH! The 2 hours went by fast but you definitely enjoy every minute of the show. Oh and not a bad seat on the house.
5	A must see show for rock and roll lovers. Quality and vibe. Great to get to see these stars on stage on a very close and lively musical proposal. Great music selection
5	This show was pretty amazing! Any classic rock fan should def catch a showing. I loved the setlist and sang along to every song. They were extremely entertaining to watch. I would definitely watch this show again the next time I'm in town. I also loved the souvenir guitar cup my bf purchased for us but they can just put water in mine next time. The drink was pretty gross.
5	Great show. If you're in Vegas go see this show. Great music played by great musicians.  Opened with The Who. Closed with AC/DC & Van Halen. Played Zeppelin,  Queen,  Hendrix,  Deep Purple,  Boston, Def Leppard, Aerosmith & much more I loved it.
5	This is a must see show for anyone who loves the music of the 70s and 80s!  The musicians are absolutely pro!  Amazing guitar players and the vocals are high energy with plenty of character.  My favorite part was the see all the costume changes, talk about rock star clothing, they nailed it!You will not be disappointed, long live this show.  I will be attending again!
5	My 21 and 16 year old boys loved it. That says something about how good a show it was. Did the VIP tickets and all if us would splurge again to see em again.
4	This show is a great value. We paid $27 with Groupon and  really enjoyed it. The musicians are outstanding and nailed it. It's a great tribute and fun time.  You will have a great time and enjoy some classic rock and roll.   Hats off to the whole cast and the costume designers.  It's great when you see that everyone is having a blast and enjoying it.
5	Must see.....great trip down memory lane of the great music of the 70's and 80's love that ROCK N ROLL!  Enjoyed the show, great entertainers!  Great value and lots of fun!  Best show I've seen in a long time......we will go again
5	This show is one of the best in Las Vegas , it took me back into time and everything about this show is so true in essence of life relating to memory and senses... Doug Aldrich is the best guitarist I have ever seen. Everyone in this show performs on a level of 10 plus.. AMAZING!
5	Amazing show!!! Amazing artists!! I took my 8 year old niece and she loved it. Real musicians and real awesome rock!!
4	Overall just a great concert!If you love rock music of the 60s-80s and concerts this is worth a see.  Look for the Groupon which really makes it a great value.  The cast are a bunch of old pros from Heart, Asia, Whitesnake and a few other bands.  Musically these guys kill it...a lot of talent on one stage!  The singers are awesome, each one really nails the genre they are playing.These guys really rock out the 60s and 70s stuff, but the 80s songs were the best!
5	Wow, what a show! If you like classic rock, you must see this. We had seats in front on the left side and it was awesome. The performers were just a few feet from us. The lighting and stage is spectacular. The performers are former popular band members. This is so much better than a tribute show, there really is no comparison. One of the very best shows in Vegas. Will definitely go back next time. It lasts almost 2 full hours of the very best songs of the classic rock era. Highly recommend!!
5	OMG!! This was awesome! It was like seeing the best song from every concert you ever went to (or wanted to go to) Sung by the real rockers that lived it. Robin McAuley from Survivor-Paul Shortino from Quiet Riot, Howard Leese from Heart, Doug Aldrich from White Snake and more. They really rocked the house!
5	Great Show.  Saw it for the second time on 8/22.  It was updated a bit from last year, I think they played more music this time.  Bottom line if you like 60's 70's and 80's rock this is the show for you.  The Who, Stones, Doors, Led Zep,Hendrix, Boston, Kansas, Journey, AC DC, Bon Jovi, Def Leppard, Survivor, Heart, Fleetwood Mac, Pat Benatar and more are all in the set list.  They offer a meet and greet after the show.Last year we did the VIP preshow and was able to meet the band and have pictures taken as well. Would reccomend that if you have extra cash, they were really great to everyone.Oh as far as the buy 1 get one for the 32oz Rock the Vault drink, get the margarita the other concoction is borderline undrinkable.  Would rather they just offered to fill it with draft beer.
4	Like a night at the karaoke bar, I sang myself hoarse. The guitarists could wail, the vocalists were on point, and it was a great recap of rock music from the 60's, 70's and 80's. Fun show for fans of rock.
5	Raiding The Rock Vault is fantastic! I've been dabbling in singing for a while now and wanted to take a few professional lessons to sharpen my skills and have some fun. I took a couple of lessons with Travis and loved it! He was excellent at carefully warming up my voice, helping me to sing the best version of the song of my choosing and was a ton of fun to learn from. He really is such a professional and guided me through some tough times with my voice. My experience with  Raiding The Rock Vault has been completely wonderful. HIGHLY recommend.
5	This is easily the best show I've ever seen in Vegas. Anyone who says otherwise is full of it. These guys rock harder than any band out there.  Definitely something I'd see again.
5	Absolutely the most fun I have had in ages! We scored two tix for $99 (half an hour before the show) and were three rows from the stage. Let me tell you, if you love classic rock, you HAVE to see this. These guys put modern rockers to shame with their guitar licks, we are talking classics like Zepplin, Hendrix and more that today's rockers couldn't play to save their souls. Wow. Just...wow. When's the last time you left somewhere high- fiving the person you rocked out with next to you? Exactly.
5	Loved it! Was not expecting it to be as good as it was. Thought we would find a few old rockers who were trying to go back in time and relive the fame.WRONG the talent was abondent the energy amazing. I'm a dealer here in town and I will recommend it to my guests.
4	I had a great  evening at Rock the Vault. If you love music from the 60's-80's you will enjoy this show. I knew every song and did enjoy the songs from the late 70's and 80's the most.
5	If you are a big classic rock fan and can afford it, I would suggest the rock star experience package. You will get front row seats and get to meet the band backstage. I absolutely recommend this for the extra $$$. You will not regret.
4	Great show, great value! GET THE GROUPON! Went on a Friday night with buddies for a bachelor party. MAKE SURE YOU CHECK AVAILABILITY BEFORE PURCHASING THE GROUPON. Bc you're out of luck if you buy a groupon for a certain seat and that section is sold out when you redeem. I walked up to the box office a couple hours before, asked the availability, and bought the groupon on my phone right there to redeem.For $35 each, seats were great (about 5 rows back, stage right). Music started off a bit slow from the 1960's but quickly started rocking! Talent was awesome. From Journey, to AC/DC to Zepplin. Music and vocals were sick! Your ticket even comes with a buy one get one free drink coupon! Overall, good times.
5	When I saw Raiding The Rock Vault back in July and it was really an awesome show. I saw three or four shows while I was in Las Vegas and this was definitely a favorite. If you are planning a trip to Las Vegas and are interested in checking out a show and if you are a fan of classic rock and roll music then this is a show that you will enjoy. This isn't just a cover band. All of the musicians in the show were in these bands. From Whitesnake to Quiet Riot to Asia and Heart. The set list is made up of all the songs that you remember from the 60's and the 70's and the 80's. You really get taken down memory lane and the whole audience was rocking and singing along. I thought maybe it would be old rockers that were just trying to cash in on one last pay day but I was wrong. Tons of energy and enthusiasm for the show and the songs. They get into it and really put their heart into these songs and you really can feel it in the crowd. Pretty soon you are rocking and singing along to Jimmy Hendrix and Led Zep and the Beatles  and the Doors and then later to Heart and even Bon Jovi. And the costume changes and the little skits between songs really worked for me. If you are a fan of 60's, 70's and 80's rock it is a whole lot of fun and you can get great seats for cheaper than most of the other shows that aren't half as much fun. Great time!
5	Spent 5 days in Vegas watching shows, eating good food and just doing whatever.  Every night we went to a show and one of our favorite was Raiding the Rock Vault.  Fantastic music with Spectacular musicians.  If you enjoy vintage rock and like to see great performers, you'll love this show.  Its a small showroom and so there isn't a bad seat.  The big plus is after the show, they all sit down at a long table and sign whatever you have.  We purchased a tshirt before the show and so we were able to jump right in line.  The guys were really friendly.  Found a Groupon and so I was able to upgrade to front row for a good deal.  You don't need to spend the over $100/ticket on a great show in Vegas, in fact we did that several times and this show beat those.
5	OMGOSH I am in love with this show!This is the most amazing show, if you love rock and roll then go see this show.
5	awesome!!!!!!!!!! i had the best time ever.  the bartender's were hot. the music great.  both the female and male vocalists were true rockers. take it from a former manager or metal bands - you'll love this show!  it was like a big party.  i sang almost every tune!  fun fun time.
5	Jolly good show!McCauley sounds just like I remember him.  Love the outfits; retro from big hair days!Music was awesome. My only complaint?   Too loud.  But that was the Hotels fault......they could notch it down a little....   still, it brought me back.
5	Amazing!.No fluff, pure and simple talent!! Great music and real musicians !  Soon these musicians will not exist  Enjoy them for as long possible.
5	When I first met with Todd Rohrbacher I had very little experience with comedy. I always knew I could make people laugh, and did when doing theater, but didn't know how to exactly handle a comedic script in the best way. After studying with Todd not only did my confidence as an actor and human being grow, but I also knew I wouldn't be afraid to walk into an audition for a comedy because I could show the casting director's and writers I understood the material. I would highly recommend Raiding The Rock Vault to any actor in Las Vegas. They teach you an amazing set of useful skills, boost your confidence, and you can make great connections with other working actors, as well!
5	Saw the show in mid December, it was our 2nd time to see it.  Fantastic guitar playing and singing.  While the showroom at the Tropicana is a nice venue, it is not conducive for a show like this.      This show screams for people to be up on their feet, but ones sitting close to the stage are seated in booths and tables.  It's a pain in the ass to slide out and rock out.  The first time we saw this was at the Las Vegas Hilton or whatever it's called now and it had just regular seats that was easy to stand up and watch great guitar playing by Doug Aldrich and Howard Leece.    This will be a show we will see every time we visit las vegas.  5 stars for the music, but maybe 3 stars for the theater.  Just rip out the tables and booths for a mosh pit area and it will be perfect.
5	How can you get better entertainment and at this price to boot. You can have a burger at cosmo that cost more than this show and here you are listening to the very very best rock music played by members of the very very best rock bands in the world! Not some lounge act , not some cover band, this is the real deal and it is amazing tht they would play here every night and you can get tickets to this. I have seen it twice before and I can say I see it anytime I have friends in town as they NEED to witness real rock by real musical stars, only IN VEGAS do we have this so take advantage of it. This is my 4th time at this show and it never gets stale as these guys are so talented they can play zeppelin and it is like jimmy page is there, they can play anything and of course they can just play the huge hits that made them famous too which of course is amazing. GO and thank me later.
4	If you are a die hard rock n roll fan then you will enjoy the show.  If you are not you should still enjoy the show because they play all classics that you will be familiar with.  The atmosphere is a rock concert atmosphere with the loud music and lights and they play straight for the 1.5 hours.  The music is live and played by actual band members from known rock bands.Some of the positives were the stage set up the light show and the energy from the rock stars.
4	I thought the show was very cool tonight. The famous musicians who covered music from other famous musicians showed in their performances how much these dudes love rock n' roll. But except for one lady rocker who performed the only 2 or 3 female originals out of the dozens of songs that was it. Really?! Where were hits from Carly Simon, Linda Ronstadt, Janis Joplin, Chrissie Hynde, etc??? That was the only reason I gave 4 out of 5 stars. Otherwise the music was spot on and the show was very entertaining and so much better than having to deal with that Criss Angel "show" where the only magic that happens is making your money and smile disappear.
5	"What a blast from the past"!...and then some!If you want to spend an amazing night listening to some great classic rock from the 70's & 80's, you'll absolutely love this show! The performers & musicians are the cream of the crop & still know how to rock it out! They sure know how to keep this music alive! We saw this show in December 2014 and can't wait to go back for more! The stage production & effects, endless costume changes combined with the best music in town, made this a night we'll never forget!
5	I recently had the pleasure of hearing the folk trio Red Molly at this terrific place. The theatre is intimate and comfortable, and the acoustics are great. The audience really loved the music, and the musicians felt it and expressed their gratitude. I was visiting Las Vegas, NV only for a few days, but if I lived there, I would be at this place all the time. They have classes, performances, and a music store. The surrounding neighborhood is lively, with lots of restaurants to visit before the show. It is so great that folk music is thriving at this place.
5	Amazing show with great value.We bought discounted tickets but would pay full price for two hours of great music from talented musicians
