5	I cannot write a review worthy enough of this place. They saved my life, had a severe infection in my gums from wisdom teeth, was in severe pain and they were so friendly and caring, I ALMOST forgot I was in pain.The whole procedure, from the moment I walked in to the moment I left pain free took 45 mins! After care instructions were clear, was prescribed meds for soreness after surgery, and they told me to come the next day for a follow up.I had zero to no pain after and was able to walk in to my follow up appointment with a smile on my face!Thank you to the staff and doctors!! Will definitely recommend this place to anyone who is having wisdom teeth pain or issues, GREAT PRACTICE!!!!
5	I couldn't pass up reviewing this place.  After a very negative experience at different oral surgeons office,  Dr. Kelly at this  facility put my mind at rest.     I felt so confused as to what I had going on with my mouth and tongue.  He explained based on his opinion what my condition was and how to go about treating it and what necessary steps I should take.  All I wanted was someone to take the time to listen to me and come up with a treatment plan.  I feel so much better.  Great friendly staff as well!!!.  Thank you Dr. Kelly and staff.
5	Even though I've worked in the dental field for over 13 years I still get nerve as a patient. I needed a tooth extracted along with bone grafting and an implant. Dr. Austin made me feel so comfortable and explained everything that would be done during my surgery. He did a 3D scan and found that I had severe bone loss and an infection so I would need to do my surgery in two phases. I'm very happy that he was able to see this issue with the advanced technology that was conveniently available right in the office. I already had my surgery for the first phase and everything went great. I'm scheduled to have the second phase done in a couple weeks and I'm actually looking forward to it! Thank Dr. Austin for your excellent work and being so thorough!!
5	LOVE this office!! Dr. Kelly and his staff (especially James) were absolutely amazing! They made my 9 year old daughter, who was getting 2 extractions,  feel comfortable and the procedure went perfectly!! The minute you walk in you will be impressed.  The office is immaculate, the receptionist were all very sweet, not a ton of paperwork to fill out like other offices, the assistant was AWESOME, Dr. Kelly was AMAZING, and checkout was a breeze! I highly recommended Az Max to absolutely anyone! You will not be disappointed! THANK YOU, Az Max!!Heather and Brenna Itz :)
5	I am very grateful to AZ Max. They are the best! The assistants made me feel very comfortable, and the doctor answered all my questions about my wisdom teeth. Everything about my procedure was comfortable, from the warm fuzzy blanket the assistant gave me to the big reclining chair I got to sit in after I came out of surgery. They made the experience so painless, I almost wish I could get my wisdom teeth removed all over again...almost. ;)
5	2nd time at this office and equally impressed as my first visit! My 6 year old had 4 extractions done and I couldn't  be happier with our experience!! I work for a general dentist so I know what to expect going into a dental office but again Dr. Kelly and his staff surpass all of my expectations! Truly a wonderful office!!
