1	Wish I could give 0 stars.  I purchased a massage through LivingSocial but now the company refuses to book the massage without giving them an additional credit card number.  I've had shady companies charge me before even when they said it was just a card to keep on file.  This is beyond shady.I've paid you for a service and now you refuse to provide that service.  Good riddance.
4	I recieved a gift certificate from my husband for the holidays to recieve a 90 minute massage at Revive. My massage therapist Elaina was really great. She asked a lot of questions before getting started to help her make my massage even better. Ive been to many different places to get massages and I would say Elaina was one of the best. She made me feel comfortable and the room was peaceful and quiet..which I love. When I first arrived I was a little worried because they had loud pop music playing in the waiting area (not really conducive to relaxation) but once I was back in the room I felt relaxed and calm.
5	Today my wife and I received the best massages we ever had. I had a deep tissue massage and it was great. My wife had a "normal" massage and said hers was outstanding. I would highly recommend them. We obtained the massages from Living Social for Holiday gifts and are planning on going back.
3	The massage by Stacy was excellent but beware. The staff is not at all accomodating when it comes to setting appointments.
4	I want to review this place as I was admittedly a difficult customer and they handled my issues graciously. I had problems initially with my groupon and with schedule/rescheduling and felt like there was a week period were I was on the phone with the front desk everyday. Luckily, they were all very nice and accommodating and the two massages I received there were outstanding. I saw Elaina the first time and Ron the second. Both are awesome therapists. I wish I could go back more frequently but they work off a membership service which I can't commit to unfortunately. That, and difficulty reaching the front desk (it always goes to voicemail) would be my only complaints. Otherwise, great experience!
5	Accepted my expired groupon with no issues. Very good massage, would definitely go back again. An overall enjoyable experience.
5	I visited Revive Bodyworks last week using an amazon local deal. I booked my appointment online and it was very easy and convenient. They called me to confirm however I was working an unable to answer my phone so they communicated with me via email to complete the booking of my appointment. Being able to do that all over email really worked great with my schedule. The location was easy to find, very clean, and the receptionist, Sarah, was very friendly. My therapist was Laura, she was very good, I like light pressure and not once did she apply too much. She was quiet, which I prefer, and overall I received a great massage. During check out I was not pressured into re-booking or signing up for a monthly plan. Massages are treat for me so a monthly plan is not something I can do and I appreciate that I wasn't pitched any kind of sale. I was given a card offering a special price for a second massage and I will definitely take advantage of that! I really liked that this office wasn't just a chain massage place trying to make a sale. I will most definitely return.
1	Having been a member at Elements before moving to Phoenix, I used a Living Social Offer to check this provider out.  Scheduling was a bit of a hassle but did finally get it scheduled.  The massage was alright other than there were no recommendations or comments at the conclusion.  And there were not hot towels and tea as advertised.  I was offered water or tea if I wanted to get it myself.  The reception area was very worn with the receptionist asking clients where they want to me massaged and how hard,from across the room.  The carpeting and upholstery were dirty and it seemed there was some kind of workout/therapy room? right off the side of the reception area with people coming and going.  This was probably my worst massage experience ever.
2	**This review is for setting appointments**place is ridiculous when it comes to scheduling appointments. It is almost impossible to get to someone on the phone. I have called 6 times in the past hour and a half. I got through one time to ask about their groupon deal. When I tried calling back 15 minutes later, no answer. They have scheduling available online but not for couples massages, which is what I purchased my groupon for. Hopefully I did not purchase this groupon for nothing....Will update review when (more like if) I get my massage booked there.
4	My girlfriend bought us a couples massage GroupOn for our anniversary and we finally checked this place out. I'm actually rating it 4.5 out of 5, with 4/4 for the massage therapists and 0.5 out of 1 for the ambience/decor. As an osteopathic medical student (who just finished the upper/lower limb unit in anatomy) I could tell that the therapists were very knowledgeable in their techniques, at least from an anatomical perspective. Thoroughly impressive! Also big kudos for being the first therapist (out of many, as couples massages are kinda our thing "to do" special) that didn't set off my ultra-ticklish reflex. My girlfriend also really enjoyed her therapist as well.So if you're only interested in a massage with great technique stop reading here.The only reason I'm deducting 1/2 a star is that the couples massage room needs an upgrade, decor-wise. The lobby was nice, the staff was friendly, but when we got into the room the carpet was stained and fairly old looking. It was kind of jarring as the rest of the place (minus the olive drab exterior paint) was really nice. If the owners would just rip that carpet out and replace it with laminate or actual hardwood floors it would look awesome! Plus easier to clean, etc. Temperature of the room was spot on for me, but my girlfriend was in front of the fan and got a little chilly in her feet, as they were 1 foot from the fan, but she didn't make it seem like a big deal.Also, since I got dressed in about 1/2 the time, I was wandering around the small room and noticed that they need to dust. Blame my girlfriend on taking too long to get ready for me to nit-pick that one.I always feel bad writing more about what I didn't like, but rest assured this place was definitely worth it! A couple small tweaks to that room and they'd have a customer for life!
5	My fiance purchased a couples massage on Groupon for my birthday. The waiting area was nice and all of the people that I encountered, from front desk to masseuse, were very pleasant.The massage area had a peaceful ambiance and the masseuse was nice and quiet, like I requested on my initial paperwork. He used the appropriate amount of pressure.Overall, it was an excellent experience.
5	Came in because of a Groupon I purchased for a 90 min Couples Massage and if I could sum up my experience in one word it'd be WOW!!!  I've had about 100 massages and by far my massage therapist MICHELLE was amazing. Best neck and hand massage I've ever had. After rubbing my neck I still had paid and she then focused on the trigger points and really dug into the problem without cutting anything short on my full body massage! Definitely coming back :)
