5	As the website says, "Food With Integrity".  To boot, it's delicious! The meat is from responsibly-raised and -fed animals, as is the dairy. When possible, their veggies are bought locally.  They have a great assembly line set up, so if you go to a Chipotle only to be met with what seems like a huge line, get in it -- give them a chance to wow you. The line moves quickly, and your food is done by the time you arrive at the register. My fave meal here is the steak burrito with jasmine rice, no beans, corn, pico, sour cream, and guacamole.  Mmm! This Chipotle is on the southeast corner of Washington and First Streets.  It opened the first week of December 2011, and with a line through the restaurant, out the door, down the sidewalk, past the Jimmy John's and Five Guys. Oh yeah -- it's that good.
4	Chipotle, I welcome you to downtown Phoenix with open arms and a hungry belly. I love your burrito bowl, brown rice, black beans, grilled chicken, pico de gallo, spicy salsa, light cheese, full sour cream, and lettuce.
4	I love that all the new Chipotles are going with a modern minimalist look. Keep the decor simple, focus on the food! And the food is amazing here, just as you would expect to find at any establishment bearing this chains name! Beware the lunch hour during the week. Downtown phoenix gets CRAZY between 11am and 1pm Monday through Friday, and cityscape offers business people a newfound conveniece: good fast food!
4	Giant burritos,  Uncomfortable chairs, limited hot sauce selection and  growing prices.This review shouldn't be useful to most as if you have had chipotle one place you have had it everywhere. This is the latest location in down town phoenix, it is a popular lunch spot and not a bad option when you need a quick bite.Their guise of healthy is tempted by the realty that a burrito can quickly soar past 1000 calories. It is nice that they have added brown rice as a option at no added cost.I had the vegetarian fajita burrito 6.85 Brown rice, fajita veggies, black beans (the pinto are not veg) salsa cheese and don't forget the included guacamole at no extra charge.Here is a great tip, before opening your burrito, give it a massage, mix up the inside so you don't end up with a bite of pure guacamole or rice.  Fir seats you get to choose from small hard wood seats with a back or small padded backless fixed bar stools, both say eat and leave ASAP. Over all its something to eat that is not bad or to pricey and the location and addition of brown rice makes it a 4 star from what would be a 3 star chain.
4	I like Chipotle. This is a kind of  fast food. I don't much expect great mood or kindness or serves from staff. Their food is good to fulfill my hungry stomach in the busy lunch time. I like their quality, The amount of food is quite a lot. I'm planning to go again next week.
4	No line at 11:25am on a Tuesday.  Friendly staff, fresh ingredients, and decent prices make this newest addition to downtown a good one to put into to-go lunch rotation.  Cityscape is poorly designed, in my opinion, but at least Chipotle received one of the best locations- highly visible from Washington Street.  They've recently added brown rice and it's just as tasty as their white rice.  I love that they offer so much variety, it helps when trying to keep your meal as healthy as possible.  Welcome to the neighborhood, Chipotle!
3	I love going to Chipotle during my lunch to pick up a baby sized burrito. Steak, Carnitas, white cilantro rice, beans, lettuce, pico, cheese hold the guac!It's not the tastiest meat out there but it's worth the stomach filling.
4	Last there March 2012. Just as good as other Chipotles. Adjacent to a Starbucks and located adjacent to a Starbucks. Predictable, fresh, and tasty.
1	HEY CHIPOTLE!  Here's a big BRONX CHEER and big middle finger to you.  You totally ruined my trip and attitude merely hours in my time in Phoenix.  Know why?You ran out of goddamn guacamole before 1 pm.  BEFORE ONE PM.  IN THE MIDDLE OF THE WEEK.  ARE YOU FOR REALZ?I waited in line, which by the way would have moved a lot faster if not for the incompetence behind the counter.  I waited in line, patiently, figuring I'd get my burrito bowl in no time.  I swear, Chipotle workers just work SLOWER so as for people to buy into the hype for their product (they do that here in NYC so it's no different).  So as I order, I say I'd like the veggie bowl.  Veggie bowls come with guac.  Don't you think THEN would have been a good time for them to mention - oh, hey, by the way, sorry for the inconvenience but we're actually OUT of guac.  Nope!  I find out only when I'm about to finish my order.  I left because I was so disappointed.  You people BLOW!Now, the worst part is that because of this snafu I had to go to the far less superior Baja Fresh.  I was sick them entire weekend because of this meal.  All because Chipotle didn't have the common decency to have guacamole or enough.  I mean, isn't that your JOB??? To have INVENTORY???  What the FUCK? Meanwhile, this set off a chain of events that I didn't get ONE of my food orders right when I was there.  So a big FUCK YOU to Phoenix central Chipotle.  I will never set foot in here again, which I guess is good for you because I don't live there.  But unfortunately I am an elite reviewer on Yelp so sucks for you that I had a bad experience. #BlameChipotle
3	I can never go wrong with Chipotle. I usually get a burrito bowl with steak which is almost always cooked a PERFECT medium rare. Add fajita veggies, pico, red salsa and guac and I have a good lunch.I work a few blocks a way and was diasspointed that, after ordering online, they had not even started on my order. So it is usually a time saver to just walk in and order. They usually turn out your meal quickly so lesson learned:don't bother ordering online.Other than that, the food is fresh and it's a hell of a lot better for you than McDonald's.
5	This is one of the fastest Chipotles I've ever been to... And they better be, given how long the lunch line can get! Great food as all Chipotles put out for a reasonable price. Since they added the brown rice bowl it's quickly become my favorite for both flavor and the fact that it's healthier than white rice or a tortilla. Yum!
4	During a business trip to Phoenix, I missed this place during lunch so I made sure to come for dinner. The walk from the Westin wasn't too bad. For some reason I thought downtown Phoenix wouldn't be such a GHOST TOWN! I mean there's hardly anyone or anything moving around at night.I was pleased to find this Chipotle in the same shopping center as Lucky Strike, which just happened to be my next destination. There were maybe 3 other tables taken at the Chipotle. There were probably 3 or 4 people working. When I walked in, I felt welcomed and I felt a sigh of relief from the cashier because downtown Phoenix is SO DEAD! I made a little conversation and was assured that it's always like this lol.The food was fresh and delicious! It definitely met my expectations and I felt great after eating my dinner. Overall it was a great experience and I definitely recommend this place for any people traveling. It's quick, easy and depending on what you get can be decently healthy :)
4	Nothing exceptional. The line was long but moved along as quickly as expected. The workers were very friendly even with the crowd. It cleared out pretty quick and I was glad I got a seat and wasn't forced to eat outside...brrr
1	Where to begin... this is a defective Chipotle. The last 3 times I have been here the burritoistas FAIL at making a simple burrito. They do not seem to understand the proper portions in order to get everything rolled into a nice, appetizing  package-- instead I end up waiting forever while they take turns trying to roll ripped tortillas with bean water and sour cream leaking out of all its orifices. After some guy is literally manhandling the damn thing 20 different times re-wrapping in different tortillas and asking for assistance from every staff member there... I have a look of utter disgust seeing the insides ooze everywhere like vomit. It looks so unappetizing after they struggle and flail there arms trying to wrap this garbage (I've literally never seen so much over-exaggerated  shoulder gyrations since Richard Simmons Sweatin' to the Oldies)-- I'd rather have my money back. Finally, some very sweet competent employee asks if I would like it remade..sorry I know there are starving people in the world, but yes please... I would love you to remake it so my burrito's insides do not resemble entrails. Thank you.And to the rude cashier....get over yourself. I get that your job sucks, but the customer deserves a decent burrito when it costs $9.00. And oh yeah... I'm gonna take 2 bags whether you like it or not.
5	Okay, if you like Mexican food, chances are you have at least tried Chipotle.  If you like Mexican food and need it to be gluten-free, it is almost a sure thing.  All Chipotle restaurants are very similar and I must admit I have never had a bad experience in all the many stores in three states that I have visited.  But, I wanted to yelp about this location in particular.As one of the other reviewers points out, it is open when a lot of other places downtown are closed.  That alone earns it a star.  But, what really sets this location apart are the people.  The manager, Paul, and his Apprentice, Adriana, are as nice as can be and everyone else follows their example.  They always greet customers with a hello and a smile.  The place is well-run and everyone is friendly and polite.  I like Chipotle, but I also really like these people.Granted, I mostly see the store during the middle of the day and I usually avoid the rush hour.  I notice that some of the reviews were given not too long after the location opened up.  I think that those reviewers would have a different experience were they to go back today.So, three stars for the food and one big star for the people.
3	I like this location because its right across from the valley metro stop at 1st and jefferson. I've stopped here to grab a quick bite before catching a departing flight out of town. The chipotle is located in a complex right across from the stop so its not far to lug my luggage. And typically i order the burrito bowl because its a quick assembly line creation so no waiting for them to cook my meal. And my reason for stopping here is to avoid the higher prices at the airport
5	We know what we are getting with Chipotle food - solid. However, it is the service at this location that was incredible. I was in town for a conference, and was at the register after a long wait in line. I joked about a special order that would have taken too long given the line, and the manager overheard and told me "no, let's do it, we can make it over in the pick-up window." It was awesome. Then, to top it off, I had forgotten to buy a drink, and went up to get one and the guy at the register said, "don't worry about it" and just gave it to me for free.  I know it is a chain, but they were running it like a family-owned business. Keep up the good work.
5	Love these guys. I forgot my wallet once and they gave me my meal for free!
1	07/01/2013   3:00 p.m. Attention Management:  Employees at this location are not adhering to the quality standards that are expected of all Chipotle Mexican Grills.Line employees are taking shortcuts in not giving customers their full due, i.e. serving extremely noticeable smaller portions, and not sticking to the standard.And since Chipotle is the McDonalds of the Mexican food world, how would the employees feel if they ordered a Big Mac and received buns with out a meat patty?I'd rather you just rob me outside of your store, than to go inside and be greeted by smiley faces (great job by the way), but then charged $6.25+ tax for a small and very junior burrito - these are not the standards set by Chipotle.I will be keeping a close watch on this location, and will give it another chance, but am hoping that the employees will come up short once again so that I can post the picture online with receipt.Believe me, I would like nothing better than to escalate this situation to the corporate level.  Consumers in a post 2008 recession are tired of being taken for a ride.As of 07/01/2013 - this location has received a C- in quality from me and will be watched and tested at an unknown time to gauge if the actions and lack of quality are still continuing.
4	Great spot to hit up before or after the game and save some money over those pricey concessions in the process! Friendly staff, very clean restaurant, and the same deliciousness that can be found at all the other Chipotles'. Definitely will make a point to go back for a quick, easy, inexpensive meal again next time I'm downtown!
4	I love this place, its fast, cheapish, and damn good! Never had an issue with the staff or food! Excellent!
1	**I WOULD GIVE THEM ZERO STARS IF THAT WAS A STAR RATING. **They have me frozen corn on my burrito, and when I brought it up to the cashier's attention, she was dismissive and said that there was nothing they could do about it, but thanked me for letting her know. Upon completing my mediocre meal... I went to try to find a manager, and he was even less concerned than the cashier. He neglected to address my concern and failed to even make eye contact with me. And after all of that, the nasty corn remained and no one expressed interest in fixing it, only to upset more customers!
4	Pretty good food for lunch time. I definitely recommend ordering on-line to avoid waiting in line.
3	Not bad, but not outstanding. The employees were able to get my order right the first time and it was affordable. The food was good enough, but the place was somewhat crowded and there were not quite enough employees to handle the influx of customers.
2	First off this location is too busy, the line moves okay, but be ready to stand in it for 20 min or more. Think ordering online will save you time? WRONG. It takes just as long to get your food there. Why you may ask? They only have one poor girl back there with no help filling orders by phone and in person. What happens when this place doesn't staff their locations appropriately? They give you the wrong order, no joke missing items, wrong type of tortillas and cold, soggy food. I love Chipotle, but you would be better off going to a different location.
4	I love this Chipotle location and I won't eat at any other. I actually have one really close to my house and their rice's usually hard so I just stopped going there. I also tried the one in Buckeye once and they gave me so little food, I had to and buy something else to eat when I was done. I know at some other location on the East side the staff makes you pick between rice OR beans, you can only get ONE salsa, etc. So that's annoying.But this location's awesome!! We go here once a week. I wait and wait patiently until Friday (I could eat here every single day but that's the only day of the week I eat out and I MUST have Chipotle) and it's the happiest day of the week :)I usually order online at like 8 am as soon as I get to work, (I'm telling ya, I wait patiently all week for my burrito bowl!) and when I get there at noon my food's ready. Sometimes I gotta wait in line because other customers get there before I do but I usually don't have to wait for my food to be ready (maybe it's because they've had my request for 4h but who cares? I really just wanna eat at that point :))The manager already knows us and I can talk to him if something's not fine with my order. He actually stops by every Friday to make sure we're happy customers. I mean, how many fast food restaurant managers do this? I don't know any!Their portions lately have been a little bit smaller than what I'm used to, specially when it comes to the amount of meat they serve so I'll keep an eye on that and talk to him if necessary and I'm also having to order extra rice because, well, it looks like they're serving less too. Or it may be the person that prepares my bowl at the to go window, who knows?In any case, if you're Downtown Phoenix and you want something yummy and inexpensive to eat, GO TO CHIPOTLE!! Lunch hour's busy every day of the week (specially Monday-Friday) but the food's worth it!If you can, order online and save yourself a few minutes, they're good about it and when they haven't been, I've told them and they've taken care of me (giving me a free meal or apologizing for the inconvenience and not letting it happen again).Keep in mind this is a fast food restaurant but their food's still great (reason why their line to order food at lunch time's so long). They also serve meat from naturally raised animals and when they don't have this meat available, they make sure they have sing at the door to let you know (in case this is one of the reasons you go to Chipotle so you don't have to wait for 20 min to order your food and find out THEN that your naturally raised meat isn't gonna be the one you're gonna be eating today) so I think that's pretty cool.The price for extra guac is excessive in my opinion but that's the way it is everywhere else so no different than subway or any other restaurant here. Now if I could only find good copy cat recipes to make my own bowls at home... YUM!!
4	Fabulous location. Always well staffed and service is always above average despite the long lines.
5	What can I say, Chipotle is Chipotle and I will continue to eat here until the end of my days. However, this location is exceptional because of service from the employee's. The line is continually out the door and they always handle the mad rush with great composure. I believe Paul is the manager on most occasions when I visit and he really knows how to rally the troops and keep things moving making it a much more enjoyable experience for the lunch rushers. Come here for your typical Chipotle meal but with a guaranteed satisfactory experience with the staff.
1	I cannot even begin to explain how angry I am at the customer service I received last night and the amount of ingredients in  my dishes. I quarter size of barbacoa in each taco and in my bowl...Wow! Tiny scoop of rice and beans and quarter amount of sour cream. Meat. rice and cheese.I have been coming to this location for so many years and to be treated like this with the money I pay is unacceptable! I had a c I asked 4 times for more of each item and they rolled their eyes at me and ignored me! My bowl was almost empty the way it was served My coworker with me that was treated the same way and complained about the amount of food in his burrito and the girls became even more rude!I am really upset about this because I have paid a lot of my money over the years to this location and I was treated like dirt and I would never treat anyone with this much disrespect and much less a paying customer!Thank you for ripping me off and ruining my experience last night! I will post a picture of what it looked like too!
5	Had an interview downtown & decided to walk over. Great location. There was a line but that's because the food is so good! Service was friendly, professional & efficient. Food was plentiful and flavorful.
4	Same great taste with a sweet location. Right next to my place in the Willo District. Can't beat the price, quality and consistency of chipotle. Located at a busy intersection this chipotle will be here to stay. I always go with the burrito bowl with the tortilla on the side. Chicken or steak you can't go wrong! I will be back.
5	Like every Friday, I went to Chipotle with my coworkers. We love it so much, we order online at 8 am as soon as we get to the office. My burrito bowl's ALWAYS perfect but  today it had beans and I have an extreme aversion to beans so I had to go back and tell them to prepare a different one... Well, I hadn't even arrived to the to go window when the manager saw me waiting with my burrito bowl on my hands and asked if everything was OK. I explained what happened and gave him the receipt for my online order and he, himself, got in the kitchen and made me a new burrito bowl! This guy rocks! He always takes really good care of me and he stops by our table and asks if everything's ok. No need to do this at a "fast food" restaurant but he delivers and this is why I keep coming every single week. The food's great and so are the prices but the customer service at this location's outstanding, specially at noon when the restaurant's packed, he still found the time fix me another bowl.I'm telling you, he rocks!!See you next Friday!!
5	Great location. Awesome online order process. So easy to use and understand. Pick-up window makes it that much more convenient. Staff was friendly & helpful. Very personable & quick. Food was perfect portions & still warm in the office 15 min later.
4	Fan of Chipotle and this location because it's downtown-City Scape and it's also convenient because work is just down the street but they always seem to get my order wrong or forget to add an item. Monday-Friday around noon (lunchtime) this place is always hopping. It's best to order online and go to pick-up window but sometimes that too is busy.
