2	OK coffee. Good service. Crap Wi-Fi.They just opened so I hope they are still working out the bugs. The cashier was very pleasant and even asked what kind of milk I wanted in my coffee (rather then assuming.) Nice. When I mentioned that the wifi wasn't working she promptly alerted her manager.  Unfortunately the manager had no idea what to do. There are two Starbucks within walking distance,  with solid wifi. Hopefully they fix this before they start losing customers to the competition. The hi-tech community around here needs their Internet as much as their latte.
4	Very clean; great coffee (well, you know, think William's; what I got was maybe a little better than the typical Starbucks brew). The food was also rather good (and better value than Starbucks too!), though I'm not sure it rivals William's in that regard. Definitely found this location superior to the other two on King street though. Didn't use wifi, but they just opened all you hipster students out there; give them a break. The place is full of easily accessible power outlets for all your gadgetry (I mean almost every table), and is a lot more comfortable than Starbucks, so have some patience people; they'll come 'round.
3	Update:The service is still top notch!The coffee is still OK. Wifi now works! It was much busier this time around. There were only two people behind the counter but they were hustling. There were many dirty tables that they hadn't had a chance to clear. I noticed they are also building a patio - cool!
3	Came here for a study session, food and drink were great but they blast the A/C with periods of slightly less colder air, cooling down all my hot items.Really clean, love the natural light from the windows.Would definitely come back to study again, will have to bring a sweater though.
5	My wife and I go there quite a few times per week (I'd say everyday, but that's kind of embarrassing!). We love it there. The staff are friendly and courteous. My coffee is consistently good there. Best butter tarts too!!
5	Came here for a study date yesterday expecting it to be quieter than most coffee shops in Waterloo since it is further away from the university. To my surprise, it was still pretty full - but it wasn't overly noisy. The service was really friendly, the food was delicious, and I liked how there were plugs at every table :) very accommodative. Would definitely go again!
5	Exceptional Customer Service!!  Very nice people here good job hiring these guys...very nice and relaxing environment!!!
