5	I visited Phoenix for the first time this past Halloween to attend a friend's weeding at Aldea and now I'm wishing I could get married there!  Granted the bride's vision probably added to the experience as well as the perfect weather, but even so, I thought this place was lovely.Aldea reminded me of a Mexican hacienda.  The ceremony was held in the courtyard, where the bride and bridesmaids were able to enter via a balcony walkway and down a staircase for a grand entrance.  Hors d'oeuvres were served in another courtyard while a mariachi band played.  The reception was held inside, in a smallish banquet room with a dance floor and lovely arches.  The wedding was an old-style Spanish/Mexican theme and Aldea was the perfect setting.  The walkways lined with lanterns and the courtyard decked out in white christmas tree lights were perfect.  I loved how it accommodated both inside and outside events.
4	Came here for a friends wedding. It's like old world Mexico. Very quaint and nice. It is a bit dated. Some floors are caving a bit. But... If you are hosting an event they have lots of outdoor space. It is not expensive, service is ok. Personally... There are much better venues. But for those with a tight budget but want something clean and nice. Go for it.
4	What a most beautiful venue. It was a subtly lit, well stocked open bar, patio, catered wedding and from what I hear all inclusive. That's nice way to keep track of all those bucks your spending on your big day. There was a great patio out back and a spacious dance floor inside. The enire guest list was doing the wobble. Good times, good times. I did hear it costs 15K though.
5	Last Saturday my daughter was married at Aldea. Beautiful wedding and venue.  I wouldn't change a thing.  No complaints. I would highly recommend this venue for a wedding
5	I don't even know where to begin. We walked into an Aldea vendor open house and we were immediately greeted with smiles! Every single person at the open house was warm, welcoming and informative! We immediately knew this was the place for our wedding! The ceremony area is perfect and romantic and the entire venue has a feel of warmth and love. Not only is the price amazing, but they were very flexible and open to us bringing in some of our own venders AND bringing in our own alcohol. We used Aldea's recommendation on the caterer Babbo and they did not disappoint! Push Play our DJ another perfect recommendation! Tricia with Petals and Lucy put together the most beautiful flowers I have ever seen..breathtaking. We brought in our own photographer/videographer & cake baker. Aldea did everything to accommodate their needs and then some!! In our first decorator meeting we had so much fun. We gave Evelyn and Erin a good feel of what our personalities were about and we definitely wanted to be different, unique, we did not want to be like every other wedding or look like every other wedding. Evelyn and her team pulled it off. The decorations perfectly matched our personalities and exceeded our expectations..I have no words to describe what the venue was transformed in to. From the ceremony to cocktail hour to the reception..not one detail was overlooked. Our guests were amazed at the effort, time and the beauty of everything that Evelyn and her team put in to making this day a dream come true.The personal attention that Evelyn put into not only making the venue magical but she also had time to personally attend to me..I had some issues on the day of with the hotel that the majority of the guests were using and a misunderstanding with the bakery..Evelyn literally took over. She took away any outside stress and made it easy for me to focus on what I needed to be doing. Obviously I can't say enough good things to convey how I feel. Bottom line for the price, flexibility, personal attention, professional recommendations, wonderful people and the ability to be calm and reassuring during the stressful times..Aldea along with Evelyn and her team have what it takes to make all of your dreams of the perfect wedding come true. My heart is filled with happiness :)  Side note our wedding was on a Saturday night at 6..with the lighting and the fountain it was mystical..our guest count was 140.
5	My daughter got married at Aldea on December 19th.  Bottom line....THERE IS NO BETTER PLACE IN ARIZONA TO GET MARRIED HANDS DOWN!  Everything was so perfect and the wedding was magical!  Thank you Aldea for making our daughter Val's night absolutely amazing!!!  I will recommend you to anyone without hesitation!
