2	Sounds like the previous review was written by the owner, 5 star this is not. On my way home from work the other day, I picked up the Culcutta (don't know if it was intentionally misspelled) Prawn Palak, which according to the menu, was "Steamed cooked prawns with fresh spinach, garnished with a touch of garlic and fresh coriander".In reality, I got a big brown mess.It just tastes of brown, and I know that's not very helpful in reviewing terms, but I'm trying to make a little word picture here. All the flavor died somewhere in the cooking process and was replaced by blank mush. When i did finally excavate a prawn from the mess, it was in no shape to be eaten. It practically disintegrated in my mouth. What's stopping this place from getting a 1 star is the rice, it was surprisingly good.
4	I have been coming to this place since the mid-80s and it is definitely consistent. At face value this is a local curry house, no pretensions of fine dining but good, reasonably priced food with attentive service. There is little better on a winter's night with the freezing wind howling up Bruntsfield Place, than to battle through the double doors into a warm and inviting aroma of indian spices.  Beware when ordering the naan: they only do these in "feed the 5,000" size!
4	My wife and I ate here twice in the 5 days we spent visiting Edinburgh on our honeymoon, and that in itself should tell you it's damn good. This place won't knock your socks off, but the prices are reasonable, the service is professional, and the food is solid. Oh, and there's one other thing...The NAAN.If you're at all a fan of this Indian bread, then you need to go to Himalaya. The price is pretty much the same as any other Indian restaurant, but the size is anything but. The naan portion you'll get with a single order is absolutely enormous. Easily enough for four people, or two really stupid Americans who may be gluttons for punishment.Even if you're not a big naan eater, you'll still enjoy it here. The portions are good-sized, too, and the food comes out rather quickly. Give it a shot.
