5	So I've seen a few bad write-ups on Great Lakes Airlines and I am not doubting the legibility of the claims but I had a wonderful experience. First of all, they are the only airline that flies me from Phoenix to Show Low to see my girlfriend. Second, and this is where I see a lot of complaints, is the delays. Neither my departure or arrival were late, I was in the plane with my seatbelt on at the time of departure promised. The staff on and off the plane were very friendly and even though the planes are small and outdated, my flight was only 40 minutes so I can't complain. I would definitely recommend choosing this airline.
1	Cancelled flight at the last minute!!!!! not because of weather, but because of eqipment failure.   the agents were very helpful but that doesnt take away the annoyance of "no more flights today".
1	WORST AIRLINE I HAVE EVER EXPERIENCED. WOULD NOT LET ME ON THE FLIGHT BECAUSE THEY OVERBOOKED IT, AND THEN REFUSED TO REFUND ME AND MY FAMILY....EVEN THOUGH I HAD A REFUNDABLE TICKET. Bought flight tickets in January for a trip down the Grand Canyon that left the following morning at 6am. They canceled our flight in March and rescheduled us for a later flight. Then 3 days prior to our flight they told us they overbooked our flight and could only take 9 out of the 11 people they booked. After more than 15 calls to them including the corporate headquarters they said they absolutely would not compensate us for having to drive to our destination now, there was no way they could guarantee our flight unless arrived onsite 24 hours in advance (no more no less), and that they had no idea if or how they could refund our flight. Despite us having to miss our entire trip that cost thousands of dollars by telling us 3 days prior to our departure that they are unable to take us to our destination. They are also unfortunately the only airline that flys into this site. We arrived 3 hours before the plane took off, but they would not let us on the plane, and refused to refund our tickets. We lost all of the money, were stranded in page, and had to spend 400$ on a one way rental care to page. I would rather drive anywhere than deal with this airline ever again. Worst customer service. I can't imagine a less reliable company....in any part of the world.
1	One word -- NIGHTMARE!!!!!!Of all of the businesses I have ever dealt with this business was by far the worst experience I have ever had -- and I am a business owner myself!!!Let's start from the top:1. We (my wife and I) book our fight in January of 2014 to fly from Phoenix, AZ to Page, AZ to go white water rafting down the Grand Canyon with my father in law. For those of you who aren't familiar, those rafting trips have to be booked a year in advance, for private trips often multiple years in advance with a lottery for who can raft it (population caps on the trips).2. Four Days before the flight Great Lakes tells us that it is now FIRST COME FIRST SERVE ON THE FLIGHT!!!! Wait what? First come first serve seating? NO FIRST COME FIRST SERVE BOARDING!!! If we don't get there before the other passenger's we're screwed, and if we do get there before them they are screwed. 3. We had already booked flights with Southwest so we knew we would only arrive an hour before the other passengers.  Needless to say we did not get there in time to get a seat on the plane. NEXT you would expect Great Lakes to say "oh sorry we couldn't get you a seat, let's get you a refund -- and some compensation for the $400 and 7 hour car ride you are now going to have to spend on a rental. Did we get that? OF COURSE NOT! Did we even get a refund? NOPE! Luckily we were able to get our credit card company to reverse the charges otherwise I would have likely called their phone number once a day to tell them to quit their jobs.Like I said -- NIGHTMARE!!!!!
