5	Got a brazilian blowout with Courtney today at the new salon at Scottsdale Quarter. She explained the whole process before beginning and she was very informative. It took about two hours and turned out great. My hair has never been so soft and shiny. Highly recommend!
1	First time at this salon & it was a major disappointment. I got the worst gel manicure ever. Seriously not worth the $50. I have gotten more pampered on a $10 manicure then what I experienced here at dolce. This so called "spa manicure" involves a second of nail filing then quickly applying the gel all sloppy with bubbles I might add & then you get to choose between a lotion or a hand scrub to totally apply yourself. Awesome.. What a pampering experience. Never going there again.
1	While I enjoy the cut and color, I walked out of the salon with dye all over both sides of my face.  While shopping, I noticed it and returned to request to have it removed.  I was told I would have to wait 10-15 minutes.  It's bad enough walking away from a $200 cut and color with dye on your face, but to then have three client specialists stare at you and not be able to correct it was ridiculous.  While waiting, I was offered a $10 credit on my next service and agreed to have the dye photographed so it could be submitted to the director.  When a stylist was finally able to remove it, she didn't want to scrub to hard to remove it and irritate my skin so she gave me the solution and towel to do it myself.  And my original stylist wasn't involved in the correction because she was with another customer.  So essentially I waited 10-15 minutes to do it myself with no discount on the service provided.  A future credit is moot because I won't pay $200 for service like this.  And as for the director, I received a message from Tessa the following day and called her back within ten minutes to learn she was in a meeting.  The client specialist took my name and number and said she would return my call.  A week-and-a-half later and I have yet to hear from the director.  As much as I liked my haircut and color, I won't pay hundreds of dollars for subpar service.
4	I had an appt on the 26th for a make up application. I was getting a batman inspired application done for a halloween party that night. I showed the picture I found to Michelle and we got started. Michelle did a GREAT job!! She made it look just like the photo but also customizing it to fit my eye shape. She was super nice and kept it fun :)Thank you Dolce again for always having great service and service providers!
4	Received a cut and colour from Jessica at this location. She was very friendly, not to mention did an amazing job with my hair. It was actually exactly what I asked for, not every salon can fulfill that! She even cut the right length off my hair. I would definitely recommend this location for hair.... have not tried any of their other services.
5	Got a Swedish massage with Michelle today. It was super relaxing and the rooms are very quiet. Had a complimentary style afterwards which was great.
4	I used to go to the location at the Borgata and I'm so happy they opened something closer to me! I have been to this location twice. Both times for an all-over color. I was supremely happy both times. I had my hair botched (dyed way too dark and she missed a spot!) at a midtown Phoenix salon and finally my color is getting back to normal. I have an appointment this Thursday for a partial highlight and locks of love haircut (which they do for free, the only high-end salon I know that does this). I can't speak about their nail services, but I've also had facials at the Borgata location and they are amazing. They even shampoo/style your hair for free after so you don't walk out looking like a hot mess. I've always loved Dolce and received great service there (aside from a facial three days before my wedding - the aesthetician didn't tell me this was a BAD idea), but hey, you can't control all of your employees all the time, and I went back several months later for another facial and the aesthetician apologized for the other girl's error.I have always loved Dolce and will buy a membership when I can afford to get services on a regular basis. In the meantime, I (and you should) keep an eye on Groupon and Living Social for deals, and they also give you 25% off services during your birthday month (I don't think you can combine the two discounts).
4	This location is really pretty.I've been to the location that is at the Borgata and that one has a classier vibe, in my opinion.This feels more like a hip, trendy (ugh, I hate using that word), location.I had no idea the spa was even at Scottsdale Quarter-I got a gift certificate from my husband, and he told me it's next to Eddie V's. It's a weird spot.However, the interior is beautiful, and the front desk staff was really friendly.I had the Mio Chocolate pedicure-it was just ok. I had Julie, who super nice and very friendly.Pedicure stations were super clean and very neat.The changing rooms are very well equipped as well and the waiting area is very comfortable.I'll be back for a massage in the coming weeks.Worth a visit if you don't want to drive down to the Borgata location.
5	Hadley is the most amazing aEsthetician! I adore her! She did the most amazing job doing my facial, dermaplaning and brow wax. Dolce is so lucky to have such a knowledgable and professional person working for them! Thanks for always taking such good care of me Hadley!
5	I was at Dolce two times this weekend. First for my birthday I got an all over color and cut by Jessica and she did an amazing job. She knew exactly what color would work for me and she definitely delivered. I was also there today for an updo for my engagement photos today and I can't remember the girl's name- Sara maybe, but she did such a good job replicating the picture I showed her. It was a half up half down with volume and curls. Although I had an appointment in the morning my curls lasted the entire day! While I was getting my eye make up done at MAC I had 2 people compliment my hair as well. This is a complete 180 from the experience I had at the Scottsdale Quarter Drybar for my first round of engagement photos. They completely messed up my hair so I am extremely grateful for my awesome experience at Dolce. Thanks ladies!!! My birthday hair looked awesome and I'm sure my engagement pictures came out beautiful!
4	Cute place with a great choice of services.However, getting the correct level  hair stylist is extremely important! For a blow out I was only able to book a two star stylist - she did a great job but it took 1 1/2 hours! Way too long for relatively simple blow out.Make-up artist was fantastic and knowledgeable. Eyelashes stock was very low so I recommend bringing your own just in case. Overall my husband was very impressed with the results! Would recommend to most. Will go back again!
4	I decided to get into a bridal contract (hair & makeup) solely based on a friend (and bridesmaid) recommendation.  I was KICKING MYSELF quickly because while the price was right for bridal services, there was just constant reason for my emails to fall through the crack .... I'm talking about my maid of honor emailed them, got a response quickly, I emailed them and it took, no joke, FIVE WEEKS to get back to me.  I was going back and forth with a bridal coordinator and then she left the job so it took about 2-3 weeks to get another response from the new hire.  By this point, Shaye had no idea where to pick up since I had several email conversations with two other people and neither were still working at Dolce.  Needless to say, I was frustrated and questioning my decision but figured, if my friend uses them for every single beauty regime, they can't be terrible right?  Trial day comes and it's hair and make-up.  I cried.  I literally cried when my hair was done because the stylist literally just didn't listen to me.  I had provided about 3 pictures and stated (very clearly) that I wanted my natural curls to be used as much as possible.  My trial hair was a DISASTER .  It was seriously awful to the point where I broke down into tears because it was two weeks before my wedding.  I have to give Venencia (makeup artist) credit because even after my crying, she still did my makeup beautifully.  Venencia listened to my concerns and recommended two other stylists that have good experience with curly hair.  Unfortunately, neither was available the day of my wedding but Shaye took care of me and hooked me up with Alexis.  She is a spunky girl and seriously listened and when I went back for my 2nd trial, it was exactly what I wanted.  Wedding day comes?  Let's just say there's a reason my review is a 4-star review after the start of my experience ..... my hair turned out even better than the trial (thank you Alexis!!!) and my makeup, even with some last minute changes to details, was FLAWLESS (thanks Venencia!!!).  I received SO MANY compliments that day on both hair and makeup.  Do yourself a favor brides and splurge to make sure you get Venencia for your makeup and spend the extra $25 for airbrush ..... it lasted from noon until 2:30 am and I was still using makeup remover that night to get it off.  It didn't look caked at all --- the compliments that I received were all how flawless, light, and natural the makeup looked.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE. Atmosphere is great ... Front desk girls are friendly. ASK FOR Laurann. She pays attention to detail and has a thorough consultation so you get what you're asking for!
4	My first trip to Dolce at Scottsdale Quarter was this last weekend for a massage. I had a $100 gift card and a ton of knots in my back, so I decided to go for a deep tissue massage, which is $95, to just use the whole card. The entrance faces Hayden-Greenway, which is strange, but the inside is lovely. I checked in and was shown to the waiting area to fill out paperwork and my therapist, Anthony, came to get me (just a little past the appointment time) and take me back. The massage wing is nice and dark (and carpeted with astroturf?) and the restroom has lockers and a shower, which is a nice touch if you are going anywhere other than home after your appointment. The room was standard, but the table was set with a fake flower, two Hershey's kisses and a sheet detailing their add-ons. I booked what I wanted and didn't need a sell when I'm trying to get my relax on! They have a nice system where the client flicks a light switch before getting on the table to signal the therapist outside the room to come back. Anthony was great, very professional and provided great reminders for me to relax. The table position moved and he added pillow and an eye mask to really help me get comfortable. Every now and then I noticed the music, when it was weirdly loud and had the nature sounds going, but it served its purpose. The deep tissue pressure was good, but a little strong on my back, which my knots needed, but oh it hurts sometimes. He recommended hydrating throughout the day and even an epsom bath for the evening knowing I'd be sore the next day. I was, but it's the point of deep tissue. I didn't notice the time, but it seemed like a good length and I'm sure it was actually 60 minutes, not book for 60 and get 50 like most places. When I checked out, I got another upsell...my therapist had marked down a few product recommendations, no thanks! Aside from not liking the upsell parts, I really liked the experience - it's a true spa, not just a salon that does massages - and would definitely go back, although probably just for a firm Swedish massage, not another full-on deep tissue.
4	Nice hair cut, but was not happy with waiting 10 or more minutes past my appointment time to be called to my stylist.  As I say, the  cut was good, and reasonably priced.  It is a bit confusing with the way they price their services, I had a lower level stylist, but feel comfortable returning to her.
1	I went in for a haircut with a level 6 stylist ($65). I asked for 3 inches off and wanted some bounce to my hair. She gave me a trim (prob cut 1/2 in off) and messed up the left side of my hair. When I called they recommended I come in again and I was given a level 9 stylist. Unfortunately she said she wasn't given enough time to take more length off my hair and she tried fixing the left side. I definitely won't be going back. Save your time, money, and hair and go to a better salon.
4	After trying a few different salons in the Scottsdale area, Dolce is the best one yet. Marina my stylist was super sweet and took great care of my hair. She did ombre- black roots with lighter golden ends- and it turned out beautiful. Only reason its getting 4 stars because in my opinion its still too pricey. Maybe need to venture outside of Scottsdale. But if you have the money then go for it!!!
5	Just came home from a great experience at Dolce. Danielle, my stylist, and her assistant Kylie were excellent. She took 9 inches off of my frizzy, wavy to curly brown hair and gave me an awesome blonde, choppy bob. I will definitely be going back and would recommend them to anyone!
4	I got my hair cut on Friday, and the girl seemed very new. I kept asking her to take the back shorter and she continually countered with, "It seems pretty short to me." I like to have the back of my hair short because it grows very quickly - I don't like all the weight back there because I just end up needing a haircut every month.Anyway, she didn't take it short enough. I ended up leaving, thinking that i would just deal with it. But I woke up the next morning incredibly unhappy. My hair had been cut - but the style I was accustomed to was not there (I had even supplied her with several photos of me and my typical look).Luckily I was at the Scottsdale Quarter the following day and went in. I explained that the girl from the prior day had not cut it to my satisfaction. They got a new stylist to come take care of me immediately, she dry cut my hair to add the texture and remove the length in the back that I had requested the day before.While I did finally get the cut/style I wanted, I wish it wouldn't have taken two visits to accomplish it.
2	I received a giftcard to the salon for Christmas and decided to go in for a manicure/pedicure.  The only thing that I can really say that was decent was that the staff was friendly.  The pedicure was ok, a most disappointing foot and leg massage to say the least, and my feet were left with rough skin.  Then came time for the manicure - a little filing, minor clipping and a one minute rub was what i got for $30 - do yourself a big favor and go to your neighborhood nail salon - you will most definitely get a lot more for your money.
