5	We went on opening day for breakfast. Service was fast and efficient. I had the blueberry pancakes with maple syrup which were delicious. Everyone else had the Founder's Breakfast that came with 2 eggs, bacon or sausage, home fries, and toast.This too was very good. There is a great variety of items to choose from for breakfast.Coffee is self serve. We would all go again.
3	Very cool atmosphere,  chill and classy at the same time. A place to mingle and chat with others as there is only one TV in the establishment which wasn't even turned on.
3	If DVLB and The Huether had a baby this is what it would look like. The atmosphere is decent with eccentric steampunk decor and random Dollar Store quotes on the walls. That being said, they are trying a little too hard. This ain't Toronto baby, standards and desires are different here. I tried their beer flight, it was not mind blowing but the cider wasn't too sweet and the IPA was right up there. I appreciated the fact that they also have guest breweries on tap, it was a nice surprise. We also tried some cocktails, the Julep and the Whiskey Sour. The Julep was horrendous, every sip was like doing a shot of moonshine. The Whiskey Sour on the other hand was excellent, amazing foam and great flavours. Over all the beverages were great, decent prices, nice selection... Unless you just want your average mixed drink, then forget it! Although they do have Vodka, and Soda, you most certainly may not have a vodka and soda in the same glass. Way to segregate a large portion of drinkers - it's a University town my friends, try something new most certainly but please please please understand your audience. The food - great prices, decent portions, great flavours, the best part of the place as far as I am concerned. No complaints... Except I still don't know what was on my charcuterie board, and neither does my server. Speaking of which, that was the worst service I have ever had and or been witness  to in my life. She was timely at the beginning and went down hill from there. She had 3 other tables, mainly of men whom she took better care of, assuming she thought flirting would make her money? I asked repeatedly for water, it never came. Same with side plates. We had a collection of dirty glassware on out table the entire evening, our plates took forever to get cleared even though she, hostesses, and other servers all acknowledged that they were there. Any time she forgot something at our table, she blamed "they". Who are "they" and why aren't "they" helping this woman who clearly needs to find a different career path. At the every end of our night, after asking for a take out box 4 times and not getting one we paid our bills by debit, and I was lucky enough to get to ring mine through myself because she was of elsewhere doing god knows what.Decent drinks, great food, worst service. Depends on where your priorities are.P.S. The male server with a Mohawk is the only one who seemed to have his shit together, he had a wonderful sense of urgency and did not give his tables any excuses. If you go, try to get him as your server it will make your experience a thousand times better.
4	I haven't had a chance to try the food but I did take a look at the menu and was intrigued.Very hip and current ambiance. Some great beer offerings. Although they are brand new the staff seemed to have everything under control and running smoothly. I can really appreciate that. I look forward to my next visit!
3	I heard about this place from friends in Waterloo, they passed along a video abut the place and after seeing it, I knew this was the place I had to be for dinner on my visit to the 'loo this past weekend.Entering in, it has that industrial style aesthetic that I've come to love and that's become so popular recently in bars and restaurants. One previous reviewer described it as almost "steampunk" in likeness and I would have to agree. The place is gorgeous. Add to the design the fact that there are kegs brewing beer all around you and you've got a recipe for amazing.The wait time gets long later in the evening but we arrived early and were seated within 15 minutes.Once seated I found the service to be spotty, understandably as they were getting busier and that the place is new, but here is where I found the inconsistencies during my visit:- There is a great, and I mean GREAT story here about the history of Abe Erb one of the founders of the K-W area, the servers weren't excited about this story, didn't show pride in the place they worked, just took orders and disappeared- Server never offered water as part of the service- Server was hard to reach and seldom around- Those orders were taken with inaccuracies and mistakes were made, no big deal. Just needs to worked on- Beers were completely sold out except for their IPA- Caesar (Kale and romaine mix) was mostly lettuce and the kale was indistinguishable/non-existent and the salad was dripping with dressing*The Good*- Pork belly Korean taco appetizer was very good- The IPA was very good. My recommendation was to have it as a pre-dinner pint, as I found it didn't mix well with the food we ordered- The Abe Burger (which had chorizo mixed in with the beef) was VERY tasty and could stand on it's own without any toppings. My one criticism would be that they've gone THIS far to create a unique and delicious burger, simply serving with with raw lettuce, tomato and red onion like some diner burger does it an injustice, I think a little more originality with the toppings and this burger would be perfect bun to bun.Final word, this place is experiencing some growing pains in it's early days. There is a lot of excitement from folks, as there should be, as it's totally a unique spot for the KW region. The good spots are bright shining stars and signs that this place is going to be AMAZING. The concept is one of kind for the KW-C area and one you definitely need to check out.Eatcrest out!
4	Fantastic breakfast in Uptown Waterloo. They have a simple menu that's well priced, and great coffee to match the food. For lunch or dinner you'll also find a simple but complete menu that matches the beer available on tap. From a couple in house brews to some local classics you'll find something you like.
