5	It doesn't get much better than this. Perfect rotisserie chicken with great fries, one of the best parts of the meal is the hamburger bun given to dip in the sauce. This is serious comfort food, nice and greasy, and guaranteed to make you feel better, this is often called Jewish penicillin, as Montreal rotisserie chicken started in the Jewish community. You won't find anywhere that makes better, it's not as famous as the smoked meat, but it might just be better.
4	Nice place, tasty chicken, cold beer. I was super hungry and this place was exactly what I was looking for. I used the yelp iPhone app to find it. And a really great find it was.Nice clean atmosphere. Not fancy, but not a dive either. Hockey game on the big TV. I ordered the half chicken with fries and slaw. Nice big portions (see pic).The chicken was done in the rotisserie style and was one the best I've had.  Perfectly golden brown and crisp on the outside and super juicy on the inside.I definitely did not lose any weight on my trip to Montreal.
5	Best BBQ/Rotisserie chicken on the West Island!
5	My personal favourite for BBQ chicken, fries and slaw.I've been here on several occasions and it's good every time! Always fresh and piping hot. Their coleslaw is delicious and tangy and Thursday/Friday nights the place is busy. The service is very quick and efficient and in my opinion, Cote-St-Luc's chicken is crispier, less salty and better tasting to me than St-Hubert. The sauce, which I always get two of, is way better as well. I always order the half chicken dinner with fries and coleslaw and practically always do takeout since they are conveniently located just down the street from my dad's place.Delicious and would definitely recommend if you're craving the best chicken in town!Take it from a local.
4	After being on my Yelp bookmark list for some time, I finally managed to visit this place with some coworkers recently for a Friday lunch.I won't go into great detail on my visit but basically the chicken offered here is very good. Moist and tender with an abundance of sauce to use. I took a side salad with french dressing and it was very good as well.The service was quick and efficient, albeit a bit robotic.The price tag was about right for what you paid for.I'd definitely come again and I recommend for those who have gotten sick of visiting St-Hubert as the quality of the meal is a notch higher than what you'd get there.
5	This is my favorite BBQ chicken place.  I love their chunky chicken vegetable soup. It's delish. I also keep coming back for the juicy BBQ chicken with amazing BBQ dipping sauce. Love the garlicky coleslaw (hate the creamy "mayonazie" stuff you get ever where else). And their fries .... Yummy! Price is good to - you won't break the bank.
1	I honestly do not know how this place has a almost 5 star rating! I live in the US & apparently 5 stars or even 3 stars means a much different thing then here in Montreal!!! Where do I begin... First, the food cost us $63.00 after all was said & done. That was for 3 of us...one being a child. Ridiculous amount of money for what we got! Baby back ribs...full set ...was more like mini, over cooked, half rack at most. They were absolutely disgusting. The roll that comes with the ribs was a top if a hamburger bun. Are you kidding me? You couldn't spare the whole bun....and not to mention...nice "roll". Not what we were expecting...that's for sure!Chicken wings were overly breaded & sweet...again, absolutely disgusting.Caesar salad...I've had better salads at McDonalds. Ok, where do I begin once again. Fake bacon bits??? Really??? To my knowledge, Caesar salad does not have bacon bits. Never mind fake ones! Hello?!?! This "Caesar salad" was more like a pile of romaine lettuce with fake bacon bits, croutons & who even knows what kind of dressing it was...but it sure wasn't Caesar! French fris...soaked and I mean, soaked in OLD oil . WOW...Food took over a hour to get here...$63 dollars later & we're all still hungry ...don't waste your time with this place or your money. Absolutely, without a doubt, BEYOND disgusting. Worst food I have ever ever EVER had in my LIFE. Thanks for reading & happy eating :):)
