2	This place is interesting to be sure for it people-watching, but not to be braved for its Chinese food.The other day, I ate here with my Dad and it was pretty bad. He had the Chicken Fried Rice and I had Chicken Lo Mein. Neither of the dishes we ordered had a particularly good flavor, or any flavor to really speak of at all.On top of that, the owners were in the midst of an argument with what sounded like someone who handles their home real estate. The three of them were standing at the lunch counter screaming at each other, and the owner's wife was banging her hands on the counter over and over. It was hilarious for about a minute and then it just became really uncomfortable to sit through.I must admit, the donuts are pretty decent though...and they're right around the corner from Luv-It Frozen Custard!
3	Good donuts, meh Chinese food.
2	So this review is based solely on the chinese food and not the donuts. I wouldn't say this was bad, although I definitely wouldn't say it was good either. We had the sweet and sour pork with fried rice and the sesame chicken. Pretty basic stuff for a chinese restaurant.I'm not saying these are "healthy" items, but typical of most chinese restaurants in this city its just too oily, and the flavors were fairly bland.The prices are on par with what cheap chinese food should be, and of the 3 items the sesame chicken was the best.The donuts look fairly decent and next time I'll probably give them a shot with some original options, but I definitely won't be back for the chinese food.
4	I have been longing to try this place for so long and today was my lucky day. People say that food is sub par but I have to say that the Beef Chow Mein I got was pretty damn tasty. Lunch special was under 10 bucks and I got alot of food. I can honestly say that I will be coming back again to try more menu items. If you love secret hole in the wall type places, this is totally for you. Why go to a typical fast food joint or TGI McSuckster when you can stop by and grab something so much tastier.
5	Working downtown, there aren't very many quick bite restaurants. You can count in the fast food joints but they get old pretty quick. So what is a girl to do when she doesn't bring her own lunch? She starts exploring her options.I finally decided to give All Star a try after years of driving right by it. Don't let the location and exterior deter you from stepping foot inside. It is actually quite neat and tidy. Very small and cozy and smells oh so wonderful!I regret not stepping foot inside sooner. They have a lot of lunch specials at fairly decent prices. I decided to go with the broccoli beef since I'm a broccoholic. I can't get enough of the crunchy green goodness! When I opened up the box the sauce was red. I was a bit worried that it wouldn't taste so great, I've never seen it red but as soon as I took the first bite, I was glad that I was wrong. The beef was very tender and not fatty, which is what I like and the broccoli was cooked to perfection, not overcooked, most Chinese restaurant tend to cook it until it's almost soggy plus it had a wonderful flavor, not too salty or plain.Overall I had a great experience with my food. I ordered it for pick up and it was ready to go by the time I got there. Give them a try, you won't regret it!
