4	For years, I drove by this restaurant and laughed - Korean, Japanese, and I believe it also mentioned Chinese food?  Are you kidding me?  I definitely try to avoid Asian restaurants that make more than 1 country's food.  However, my friend brought me here, and because I was being polite, decided to try it without laughing.  Especially since she told me their Korean food was good.  I needed to find a good Korean restaurant in Pittsburgh!  The food was surprisingly good!  It was a Tuesday, and they had some sort of sushi special going on, something like $1 per nigiri sushi - what a good deal!  And the kalbi...  yum!  Not the best that I have had (that is reserved for Korea House in San Jose), but decent.  The best that I have had in Pittsburgh, actually.  And they had a decent selection of ban chan!  That alone made me happy.  The staff is very friendly.  I would definitely come back here again!  No more laughing as I drive by - in fact, now I usually wistfully gaze at the restaurant and think about kalbi.
2	All around average.  We were the only people in the building @ 9pm on a sat night- that tells you something right there.Only customers, and the service was still blah.  3 of 5 in our party ordered from the sushi menu- boyfriend and i got our sushi (4 rolls), and our friend's maki (one roll!!) didn't come until literally 20 minutes later.  The chef stopped to make a take-out order instead.  By the time her roll came, the rest of the party was done eating.The quality of the food was hit and miss.  Eggroll appetizer: definite hit.  outstanding dip-it sauce.  chicken teriyaki maki: total miss. And speaking of that superblah (chicken teriyaki roll), i paid $13.99 for it.  I thought the other rolls i ordered were priced very fairly- and then BAM $14 of FAILURE.  holy smokes, it was six little bites of chicken wrapped in rice.  $14?  really?Honestly, there are much better places to eat in Pittsburgh.
4	This restaurant is either very very good or very very bad, I've had no in betweens, which is sort of bizarre, but true.  Overall, though, the good has massively outweighed the bad.We tend to get the bulgogi which (as stated) is either amazing or tough/old.  I almost always get a sushi roll or two, as well - and they tend to be better/fresher than you would expect given that the restaurant is nearly always half dead.One warning?  If you walk in and it's ridiculously busy?  Turn around and walk away - you won't have a good experience, they cannot deal with more than a few customers adequately.
4	Tokyo Japanese Steak House is a big, plain brick box in an awkward and not particularly attractive location.  I'd probably driven by it upwards of 100 times without giving it a second glance.  Last week, however, I got hold of a coupon that prompted me to give it a shot.  The place is a lot nicer on the inside than it is on the outside.  It's not breathtaking, but it's clean and features an indoor coy pond.  My girlfriend and I were practically the only people there, so we received farily prompt and exceedingly friendly service.  We were famished, so we shared a big sushi platter and an order of Korean BBQ short ribs.  The sushi was quite good - definitely the best I've had in Pittsburgh, though I haven't been to many sushi places here.  The ribs were outstanding: grilled to perfection and slathered with a delicious BBQ sauce and amazingly flavorful bits of grilled onion.  I'd order a whole bowl of those onions if they'd let me.Our meal was very pleasant and satisfying.  It was a bit pricey, but worth it for this kind of quality; also, our coupon (which they took happily, unlike some places) put a dent in the bill.  This place is truly a hidden gem, and I'll definitely be going back soon.
3	I did not dine in here, so I cannot speak to the service or the hibachi here. However, if you're craving good sushi and good Korean for delivery or take-out, it's pretty awesome. The best ever in the world? No, but more than acceptable.For sushi, I got a spicy hamachi temaki and the Crazy Horse maki (salmon and scallop topped with salmon, masago, and two different sauces). The fish was all very fresh, and the Crazy Horse roll was one of the best special rolls I've had in a long time. I also had the Kimchi Ghige. As far as I know, I thought this dish was usually more stew-like whereas this was much thinner than I'm used to...I mean it was straight up soup. But oh well, it was delicious soup! There was plenty of pork and tofu, and the pork was just fatty enough.My only issue was that the chefs here seem to have a strange aversion to spice or something. The Kimchi Ghige wasn't spicy at all (other incarnations I've had have been bright red in color), and neither was the spicy mayo on my hamachi. Hell, even the wasabi was rather mild. Being a lover of spicy food, I was pretty disappointed by this. I also didn't care too much for the ban chan (something about their pickling tasted weird to me) but I wasn't too concerned about that, especially considering how difficult it is to find good Korean in Pittsburgh.I do feel that Tokyo is slightly overpriced but if you're willing to splurge a bit to have good sushi delivered to your doorstep, you've come to the right place.
4	Stumbled in here on a whim.  I'd been driving by it wondering who would ever go in, because the outside is, well, extremely uninviting.  (Note to the owners: please spend a little money on the outside of the place to make it look less dumpy - doesn't need to be fancy, just make it less seedy.)Once inside, the decor is decent - pretty standard Japanese steakhouse.  Service has always been very good, but that may be a function of the very small crowd they usually have (see paragraph one for my guess as to why).Food has always been good, too - very good for Pittsburgh.  Sushi is average, but good for the price, and the Korean food is very good, though a little inconsistent.  (Bi bim bap has been average about 25% of the time I've been there and very good the rest of the time.)
4	I can't speak to the sushi, and honestly, I probably would never consider having it--I don't think it's a good idea to eat sushi at a place that serves anything else but sushi AND isn't that busy--you risk getting less than the freshest fish.  BUTThe Korean barbeque was outstanding.  My friend, who lived in Korea for a number of years and has lived in Chicago and San Diego and LA said that this was the "best Korean I've had since I left Korea."  May be a bit of a stretch, but it was actually really good.If you go, be sure and get the Bulgolgi and cook it yourself.  That really is part of the experience.  Pajeon was also fantastic.   All of the side dishes are made by the family and I give extra Kudos for their Kim Chi.  Probably the best I've had.  Why not a five star?  This is a place you eat, but I would not call this an elegant experience.  And the traffic coming in was slow and steady, but sparse.  So no big scene.  I would say if you want a hearty meal after work and want to go out with friends, this is a good spot.
4	Restaurants without windows should generally be avoided; however, I make an exception for Tokyo House. If you can get passed this structural oddity and cross their threshold (but I understand if you can't, I have a friend who refuses to eat lobster mac and cheese because he says putting seafood and cheese together is the single tackiest thing in existence) you'll be rewarded with not only a sizeable indoor koi pond, complete with a little bridge you have to cross to get to the seating, but also some seriously good Korean BBQ* (feel free to skip the sushi here).The pork and beef--both were $15 and came with plenty of standard Korean BBQ sides--we ordered were coated in a spicy-sweet marinade, cooked up nice and juicy, and made a deliciously weighty base for our wraps. Our waitress (the master of great timing!) landed bowl after bowl of side refills on our table just as we were scraping the old ones. The watermelon martini I ordered on a whim couldn't have been more out of place for the meal, but it was so good that I didn't care (sort of like the windows situation I mentioned above).Keep in mind that you're going to smell a little (a lot) garlicky after your meal, but I'd still take a date here; the smell is worth the adventure, and you can't say that about too many dining experiences. Plus, it's generally pretty empty so it's a good spot if you're looking to talk in a place that's private and quiet.*You have to call in advance and request the slatted grill, otherwise they'll give you one without holes, which is really more like a griddle and takes all the risk of dropping food into the fire below (READ: fun) out of cooking for yourself at your table.
4	Many of restaurants in Bloomfield/Lawrence share a characteristic, which is if I would judge them from outside appearance I wouldn't go in there. but you never know until you actually go in and eat there.This is Tokyo Japanese Steakhouse on the side but on the entrance door it says "Young Bin Kwan"--which is one of usual Chinese restaurant names in Korea.They have Japanese and Korean menu and the interior was Japan/China like, however, the owner is Korean. I guess they try to immitate Japanese restaurant in Korea. Well, it works, kind of.I had a craving for Bibimbop but they were out of ingredients-- huh? what? really? yeah.... so I orders Hoideopbop which is Chirashi sushi. It wasn't bad at all. I don't know what to say besides this... Nothing special but not bad. I am definitely going back for bibimbop.
3	I've been very disappointed with my recent sushi experiences in PGH and decided, what the hell, give the windowless brick joint at that wacky intersection you've noticed for years and never went into a chance?!First off, decor & service:The place was dark, deserted & freezing cold.  The huge water feature/koi pond was drained and looked very sad.  I think only one other table in the entire place aside from ours was taken.  Our server was not in the least bit friendly.  He seemed impatient with us and only came out to get our order, bring us drinks (1 round), then food and the check.  No "how is everything?" check-ups whatsoever. We ran out of tea and were never offered a refill. No smiles, no "thanks for coming".  Oh, and no music, so dead silent, as well!! The food:This is what drags our star count up from the 1 this place deserves for their service and the creepy, empty, cold cave vibe of the place.  I ordered some sushi rolls to share and some salmon sashimi for myself.  The rolls were IMMENSE and absolutely delicious.  We had enough leftover to take home & share with the neighbors!  The salmon sashimi was very good, as well.  My two friends each had a cooked chicken or beef plate w veggies (good fresh assortment!) and fried rice (I ate some of these leftovers later @ home, yum!!!!).  The only complaint on the cooked food from my peeps was that there was not quite enough meat (but from the size & tastiness of the veggie & rice sides, eh, I think that almost makes up for it.)So, maybe ordering takeout would be the way to go with this place!  I did see a few couples come in and snag take out orders.  If somehow this place could brighten and liven up, get some customers in & a friendly waitstaff, fill up and stock the koi pond, it may have a chance!
