5	I attended PCDS for high school from 2000-2004 and absolutely loved it.  Sure, no high school is perfect and we had our ups and downs, but I will always look back on my experience with great fondness. During high school, I made lifelong friendships with terrific and extremely talented people. The students, faculty, parents and other community members really made PCDS a special place. The facilities and coursework were always top notch, but it really was the people that made PCDS such a wonderful place.And I would be remiss to not mention lacrosse... Go Eagles!
1	My two children went to PCDS from Pre-K until 5th grade.  The campus is very pretty and they have state of the art facilities and the latest technology. That is the best part about the school.  Some of the teachers are great, others can be very cold.  It seems that every grade in the lower school has one strict teacher and one warm, kind teacher.  There are very high expectations of the children - sometimes forgetting that they are, in fact, children.  Over 50% of the parents in both of my kids classes were asked - from 2nd grade up to 5th grade - to have their children tested for ADHA or other learning disabilities for their attention span and lack of focus.  70 minute classes are difficult to focus and retain that much information for a 10 year old!  Lower school was a nice experience, but middle school was like an entirely different school.  The homework load is intense and time consuming leaving little time for extracurricular activities without adding stress.  In addition, playing an instrument is a requirement - not an elective - in middle school, which takes up even more time.  However, they stop teaching computers in middle school, which I found odd.  I know my kids will have a computer in their future...a clarinet, I'm not so sure.  The head of the middle school needs to take some computer classes, because he has been caught emailing parents, myself included, conversations with other staff about the students, or even about the parents themselves.  Then he will email the parents a chain of emails where the entire previous conversation he was having is attached.  When they ask you if you have any questions to contact them?  Yes, they will email each other about "another one of THOSE parents" and be irritated with your "dumb" questions or concerns.  This happened repeatedly, with multiple parents and is juvenile and shockingly unprofessional.  Then there was the teacher that would take points off your grade if you went to the bathroom during class and there was a child in 5th grade who wet his pants because of it.  There was the parent who was at a beginning of the school year meeting with all of the parent's and was asked, by the head of the middle school,  to stand up, in her work out clothing, as an example of what your child should NOT wear to school.  There are SO many stories from the parents and the students of the things that go on at this school, particularly in the middle school, with the principal of the middle school and almost all of the 5th grade teachers, except for one, that all of the students and teachers like.  In the end, you realize, your child is just a dollar sign.  There is little concern when a parent decides they won't be returning.  They just wish you luck and wipe down their desk for the next kid to take their place.
4	My daughter has attended PCDS for the past four years and she will continue on until she graduates. We have been very happy with the Middle School and so far the High School. One of the best features aside from the gorgeous campus is that they offer Mandarin. I am hoping this doesn't change and that the language is continually supported as it sets the school apart from others.The classes are small and there is plenty of personal attention my daughters graduating class is 75 which is one of the bigger classes. Our sports facility will be incredible and Science is HUGE. Freshman English is a little scary but she is getting by and in the long run will help her with her testing. All in all an amazing school we love it.
