1	The food was so absolutely atrocious that for the first time in 50 years, I could not finish an Italian meal.  When the cashier asked me, "How was everything?", I responded, "I can't remember ever having a meal quite like that in my life!"  She said, "Thanks!" and we both walked out the door laughing our heads off!  At least it was good for a laugh!!
4	Maybe my standards aren't as high as Peter's but I liked the food.  I thought the place was quaint and friendly and very family oriented.  You can order a big dish for everyone in the family to share.  The cheesy bread sticks were my favorite part of the meal.  I'm always a sucker for cheesy bread sticks.  I had the pasta with sausage which was very good.  Yes it's kind of hard to mess up pasta, but hey I had a good time.
1	This was my worst experience I can remember. Went here 10/2010 on a Friday night. The place wasn't busy. We ordered an appetizer, a pasta plate and a small pizza. The waitress said she would put the order in for the appetizer then wait 5min on the entrees. Great. We got the appetizer very quickly. It wasn't bad. Then over the next 20min. our waitress asked us three times how everything was and that our entrees would be out shortly. They never arrived. She then apologized and asked if we wanted some bread (to hold us over?). About 5min after that my pasta dish arrived. However, no pizza. That "would be a few minutes". Huh? It took another 5-10min for my friends pizza. My pasta dish tasted horrible and my friends pizza was undercooked. In the end I paid $15.50 for a soda, an appetizer and bowl full of pasta that I didn't eat. At least the appetizer was OK. Not only was the service horrendous the food was terrible.
2	The food is average.  They have a few items that are just fine, but the pizza is really not that good.  The service is always good and the price is fine, so if you need something quick it's not a bad choice just don't expect much.
1	Rossini's Italian Restaurant is not an Italian restaurant, it's a Greek restaurant! I should have walked out immediately when I noticed that greek salad was on the menu. Although they have pictures of NY in the restaurant, no one in the restaurant is even from NY. ??? I ordered the baked ziti and took one for the team in the rear end. It was soup pasta as I remember. Melted cheese [ not even close to being baked ] with pasta and a soup of sauce, if you even call it that. God awful. Never again.
3	We usually get the small cheese pizza to go after we found out just how good it was. The type of cheese they use and the amount that works so well with the small pizza is really really good. I tried the larger pizzas and it didn't taste the same for whatever reason. The baked ziti was really good as was their lasagna but one thing we figured out here was, at least for the pasta dishes, that they all tasted the same to us. Pasta, sauce, and cheese all tasted the same. Not a bad thing except we would have like to have experienced different taste with each dish. The Cheese Cake we had was really good as well. Not to hip on their version of garlic toast either. We will go back as we have been back. It's not bad at all but could be so much better.
5	Wow, there are some seriously mixed reviews for Rossini's. Well, to put my two cents in...we have had their large cheese pizza, eggplant parmesan, baked ziti & lasagna. All of which have been very good. Actually, the pizza was the best we've had in years. We order the large cheese pizza with extra extra sauce & extra extra cheese. It's awesome! I don't know what happened to the people who gave this place bad reviews. I'm sorry they had a bad experience, but I've always had a good one! I recommend it!
2	I have been coming to Rossini's for about 6 years now, and it's been getting worse every time.  My family and I have tried everything on their menu and all came to the conclussion that this place is in dire need of help.  Maybe that restaurant Impossible guy can come here to bring this place back.  The lasagna sauce is very bland, as well as the pasta dishes that use the same sauce.  I can't believe they use the same flavorless sauce for different Italian dishes!  The pizza is average and the calazones are very big, but just not very good.  This place needs some updated, I noticed its very "sticky" inside.   Everything I touched with my hands were left with a greasy sticky residue that grossed me out.  I was appauled to see that the Gyro meat is coming from a can, not cooked in house!  It's completely uniform lamb of SPAM, not good eats!  I would like to see this place get better again, but I don't think it will be around long enough to get the chance.  I won't be back.
4	The strip of Hwy 74 between Charlotte and Indian Trail is somewhat of a wasteland as far as dining is concerned. Unless you want fast food or a big chain restaurant, there's not a lot to choose from. That's why I consider Rossini's a total oasis!!Even though it's in a strip mall, Rossini's has a lot of personality. Could the interior use a little sprucing up? Yes. But I'm a big fan of plethora of booths, the fact that there's never a wait. Plus, the chef seems totally legit.The servers have always been so sweet and kind. And not to mention the food: YUM-O. Last visit I had the Eggplant Parmesan sub with fries. It's probably not the #1 best Eggplant Parm I've had, but I thoroughly enjoyed it. I've also had a veggie calzone: unlike some of the other crazy head reviewers... I was perfectly satisfied.
1	I would like to update my last review, if I could take all stars away from this place I would.  My wife and I figured we would try this place again since its close by home.  What a mistake, its gotta be up their with one of the worst meals I have had in years.  The lasagna had zero flavor except for the burnt red sauce. I truly think this place thinks italian is a noodle smothered in the cheap bag cheese.  I don't understand how someone can screw up lasagna, cheese ravioli, or chicken parm, but they do.  The chicken parm was like rubber with the breading coming right off which means a frozen precooked piece that was microwaved!  Diner beware, don't waste your time or money.  We both ended up throwing away our takeout after a couple of bites.
3	Not too far from home, and one of the few places we haven't tried, so we decided to stop in for a visit. I'm not typically a fan of eating Italian, because many of the dishes can be made with relative ease (and pretty easily on the pocketbook to boot) at home. But some nights you just have to give it a go.In this case, the service is spot-on, though the atmosphere may be a bit lacking - nothing particularly bad about it, just nothing that really stands out that makes you want to think good thoughts.The food is in much the same boat. Perfectly workable, but nothing monumental or that would make you think you need to go back anytime soon, however if you're in the area and don't feel like cooking, it could do in a pinch - especially if you feel like a little dash of Greek with your Italian.
4	Wow. Mixed reviews.  All I can say is that I have two boys who play hockey down the street and we liKe the food.  Been coming for years and usually grab some pizza, pasta or a sandwich.   Decent food at a very reasonable price.
3	For an "Italian" place in North Carolina the food is decent. The bread is basically hamburger rolls with oil and garlic. The entrees are a little more rubbery than most but overall the food is edible and decently priced. Service is less than mediocre as being the only table we had to wait for drinks, bread etc.
2	Marginal food.  Tables are too close together.  Be prepared to listen to others conversation if you are not fortunate enough to get a booth. Very good service.
3	In nine years I've never been so wanted to try. . The side of sausage is very good.  It's sweet so my favorite. It was hot in here not sure if ac was on but I sat sweating. Their marinara sauce is ok sweet which I like not salty and not over powering so not bad. I love the grated cheese they use. The eggplant was fresh not packaged but a little thicker and softer than I like but good flavor in that you could definitely taste the eggplant. I like Angeles Italian best. My mom soaks eggplant in salt water to lighten the bite taste to it. It's a little more work but good result in flavor. Slicing thin breaded in egg and bread crumbs and deep fried in olive oil. Crisp Siciliana is best lol. I wouldn't say don't go here that isn't fair but there are other places for the same cost or less with better Italian. I would try other dishes here to do a better review. I.e chicken marsala. And the pizza. You get good service and good food but Italians from up north have a different palate. So again not a bad place. The bread is toasted and light. Good in my book I don't like heavy bread. Nice snack ahead of your meal and they have beer and wine.
4	Rossini's has been on my radar for a while and it's a pretty solid go-to as far as mom & pop Italian.  It's located at the end of a strip mall off of Independence on your way to Monroe (Indian Trail-Fairview Rd & 74).  Just hate that its a bit far from Charlotte, but I think it's worth the drive - also if you are in the area, I would think it as a good option for both lunch and dinner.It has a small dining room, but I am sure they do take-out as well.  On our last particular visit, the hostess wasn't at her station, so I believe the chef actually showed us to our table and wished us a nice lunch.  The waitress/hostess was super friendly and took good care of us.There are daily specials in addition to the menu, but everything I've had here is great, and you definitely get a ton of food.  The only thing I haven't tried are their subs, which look fairly good as well.Probably a lot of folks will be looking for "authentic" Italian, but I think they have a good thing going here as far as Italian made with heart.  You may not be transported to the boot-shaped country, but you will taste it's flavors with an Indian-Trail twist.
