5	I have been a patient of Dr. Sullivan for just over 10 years.  He is extremely thorough and attentive to your needs.  He takes the time to get to know you and listen to what your needs are.  He works extremely hard to make sure you are well taken care of.  He is not afraid to make referrals to specialists if he feels he is not the best to handle your symptoms.  I have always been able to get same day appointments when extremely sick.  When I lost my insurance for 90 days due to a job change he and his staff were very helpful in making sure that I had refills and samples of all the medications that I needed and mad sure that I knew they would help me should I become ill during that time frame.  Sure enough, I came down with a sinus infection and they helped keep my out of pocket costs low.When I moved to AZ I picked his name out of a book provided by my insurance company and he has been one of the best picks I've made in my life.  Anyone who has accompanied me to an appointment has been impressed with his practice and him as a person.  His wife works in the office from time to time and is extremely pleasant and friendly and his staff remembers me by name anytime I call.  His office is small but clean and well maintained.
5	Great Physician that listens to your concerns. He instills great confidence, and you don't feel like your at the Doctors office. I really enjoyed my whole experience at this practice, and will be definitely be back when needed.
1	Horrible staff, I once had written a positive review but I could no longer keep it up after my last visit. The staff acts mostly uninterested, and the doctor himself acts unprofessional. The staff never follows up with referrals like they say they will. His office area is small but is always unkempt, a mystery as to why it should be so hard to keep clean. I drew an allergic reaction to a recent med and called to ask for a replacement, to which he said there was no comparable replacement. There is NO such thing as no comparable replacement for a highly potent painkiller, I requested something not as harsh. This is the last time I will come here. He's lucky if I don't file a complaint against him for more personal concerns I cannot state here. I do not recommend him.
5	Dr. Sullivan has ben treating my elderly mother for about 2 years. She has a chronic disease, and he directs her to high-quality specialists as needed, always  careful about  getting her prompt testing or treatment. He has  also taken care of her for many  acute illnesses  and has always quickly alleviated her symptoms so that her quality of life is improved. We both appreciate his straightforward manner because his facts are combined with kindness and just a bit of appropriate humor. He presents all options for treatment , explaining the advantages of his recommendations and patiently educates us as needed. He has made time for my mom when she was very uncomfortable even if we needed a same-day appointment. I highly recommend Dr. Sullivan!
5	Ok. My much over due review. Dr. Sullivan has been my primary doc for years. He pulls out all the stop and goes above and beyond making calls to specialists and following up to make sure I've had the best care possible! He has worked with me when I changed jobs and insurance companies and coverage to make sure I have what I need to be healthy. This year he helped save my life. He and his team have had compassion and flexibility to make sure I felt like family.
