5	Nice clean storage units, with friendly staff and decent hours (open on the weekends).  They have dollies to bring stuff to your unit.Another key point is that they pro-rate your last month if you know your move-out date, so you don't have to pay for that full month.
3	Ok place to store stuff, but they did raise rates on us 3 months into a 1 year contract.
5	Great place to store items for any amount of time.  I did my research first before deciding on this place.  I looked at rates, proximity, access and facilities.Rates here aren't bad, they all depend on the size of the unit you are looking for.  When looking for a spot, check online first, there are deals to be found if you reserve online.  After you reserve you should receive a phone call shortly after from the facility you booked with.  Good thing here is they automatically bill you so you don't have to worry about another monthly bill.  Proximity was good because it's right on one of the main drags in the city.  Several different entrances so you can access it from almost anywhere.  Access is a bit limited,  Only during business hours.  So therefore if you can't make it before 6 p.m. on most nights, then you basically don't get in.  Closed on all major holidays.  Access keypad for when there is no one at the main desk so you can gain access to the building.Facilities: this particular location is all indoors.  All units are located in an old warehouse building (or at least I think it is).  Elevators for access to the higher floors with carts to help load your stuff for one trip up or down.  Loading dock out back, the loading dock also has a ramp for easier access with items you just need to roll up there.  Being indoors means this place is temperature controlled, no need to worry about moisture either.  They also have indoor loading docks in case the weather isn't cooperating.  Pull in and unload without worrying about getting soaked or ruining your stuff.**Other things to note about this place:  boxes, bags, locks, etc. are available for purchase in case you are in need of them.  The staff are super friendly and swift at what they do.  Just like a lease on an apartment, give notice before you move everything out (at least two weeks notice).
5	This is really a great place. Employees are really, genuinely helpful.Thank you!!
