4	Have my bar prayers been answered by the Phoenix Gods? The Turf quietly opened today and the only reason I know is because I walked by on my way back from the Matsuri Festival. Thank goodness we decided to walk up 1st instead of Central! It occupies the same space as Sens and PastaBar and is a very welcome addition downtown. A large space that straddles the fence between traditional pub and modern resto-bar Turf fills a void that exists in the area. Its a place that my husband can enjoy a beer (they have a decent selection on tap) and I can get a mixed drink. (Rum and cokes are cheaper than Smithwick's!) You can choose between the comfy bar stools, a high back leather chair at a table, a booth or a high top.Obviously its still finding its identity but I have high hopes for the new kid on the block. If they can figure out music it would go a long way. They don't have a full menu yet, just burgers and wraps, but the wrap our neighbors at the bar ordered looked huge. The bartender, Jonie, was very friendly and informed us they will be open full time for lunch and dinner, plus happy hour specials, starting next Friday after their soft opening.
3	Went to dinner at Sens Saturday and noticed that Turf had opened, decided to give it a try after dinner. The decor was comfortable, a little too safe, but nice. The room felt a bit stale as did the owners, but the waffle fries were good and the scotch was priced well. I think it was $8 for a Glenmorangie which is pretty good. The bartender was friendly but useless when it comes to making drinks, she had no idea how Absinthe is supposed to be prepared, but that didn't stop me from drinking it. I would say this is a place that in time could end up being decent, but will never be great. The owners sense of Aesthetics come from roughly the same time period as the scotch I drank, and this will always hold it back.As a side note, in the 40 minutes I was there I heard 5 Blink 182 songs, this struck me as being quite odd.
5	The official opening for The Turf is this Friday night (2/27), with full menu, decor, entertainment, etc. The owners, Frank and Andy, who also own Seamus McCaffrey's Irish Pub downtown, are committed to the classic design of Old World pubs that Irish pub goers insist upon, but also created an interior design that recognizes the unique environment of a 21st century Irish pub. There will be live entertainment Thur.-Sat. starting at 9 pm. and the place is open until 2 a.m. seven days a week. The menu is extensive, and the food is great! As for spirits, they have 12 taps, and the  second-largest assortment of Irish whiskeys and single-malt scotch in Arizona. (Seamus McCaffrey's touts the largest selection).  And something that is sorely lacking downtown on weekends, they will be serving a full Irish breakfast menu from 7a.m.-noon Sat-Sun and 7-10 a.m. Mon.Hope everyone eventually comes to know this new Irish restaurant and pub as their own "turf."
5	Well I almost feel like I should just edit my Seamus McCaffrey review and place it here.  Nestled in with Sens and Pasta Bar is the brand new Turf Restaurant.  A great addition to a great part of town that already has the best breakfast diner in the world, Asian tapas, and all the fresh pasta you can eat.We showed up for their Grand Opening Friday Feb 27th.  Walking in, you notice a couple things.  There is a patio for smokers that is a bit more out of the way of the main entrance than McCaffrey's is.  There is also no host (like McCaffery's).  I love this and think there needs to be more places with this sort of seating arrangement.  The place is dark but classy.  Well lit at the tables and the bar looks beautiful.  Lots of dark woods and some subtle paintings of hill sides and whatever else Ireland has.  Very nice inside.We tracked down a table and were discovered by a waitress after a couple minutes.  She brought us menus (something that should really be AT the table) and took our dink orders.  They have a standard array of non-alcoholic drinks and then the typical Irish pub beer list.  The menu says they have a wide assortment of whiskeys and, while I'm a whiskey drinker, that will have to wait for an update.  I ordered a Guinness & it was poured perfectly...as expected.The food menu is similar to McCaffrey's but with a few notable exceptions.  The biggest one to me is the addition of Bangers & Mash.  One of my favorite dishes and it was executed wonderfully.  Two sausages, nice pile of potatoes, peas, and carrots.  Everything tasted fresh and the sausage wasn't over-spiced.  The gravy on the potatoes was wonderful.  The wife ordered the Corned beef and cabbage boxty and it was good as well.  It came with a side of horseradish sauce that really brought the beef alive.  We had also ordered the mini corn dogs from the kids' menu for an appetizer.  There were four corn dogs and a pile of fries.  Also very good.For dessert, we debated over the "Chocolate Decadence Cake" or the "Whiskey Cake" & decided on the Whiskey Cake.  It was a nice-sized piece that was saturated in some of the best whiskey I've ever had.  I have to find out what they put on it.  The homemade whipped cream on the side really made the cake wonderful.Really, the menu is about the same as Seamus McCaffrey's.  The ambiance and vibe of the place is much higher end.  Seems like a great place for after work or to go before an event.  It also seems more suitable for kids than McCaffrey's is.  There are a few HDTVs that had the Suns on when we were there as well.  The only other thing about The Turf was that they had a live band playing on opening night.  They were excellent; playing traditional Irish music and really rockin out.  They weren't so loud that you couldn't talk and they were out of the way enough so that everyone could enjoy them without being overwhelmed by them.  Not sure how often bands will be there, but it seems like a good venue.All in all - great experience.UPDATE: We've been back multiple times since The Turf opened.  Once for just drinks and once for breakfast.  I still love this place.  It doesn't try to do too much.  I agree with the reviewer who complained about the music, but there is a jukebox and whatever people pick, that's what we hear.  Service is always great once the waitress knows you are there but I still wish they would put the menus on the table like Seamus.  The breakfast food is pretty decent.  They have some traditional Irish breakfast that I was too scared to try (black & white pudding, no thanks) but also had breakfast burritos, omelets, and biscuits and gravy.  I tried the latter and it was pretty good.  It would be nice to see them make fresh biscuits every morning though because some of mine were too hard.  The soft ones were great and made the meal quite enjoyable.  I would like to see them scale back the amount and offer a side of fruit with such a heavy meal.  In all, it was good.  It wasn't as good as Matt's, but if you don't want to wait in line for an hour, it makes a good alternative.
3	My husband and I checked out The Turf on Friday. I arrived first at about 5:15 after taking the Dash from my office and it was a nice 10 minute walk from Washington and Central. There appears to be valet parking available, but with plenty of meters lining 1st street, I'm not sure there is a real need to valet park. At 5:15 on a Friday, the patio was full and the inside bar had only three empty seats. By 6 pm, most of the tables were full and every bar at the seat was occupied. Perhaps it was due to The Turf being so new, but live music started at 7 pm which to me was very early for a pub. For happy hour, drafts are 50 cents off and wine is also marked down, but not sure what that special is. There appeared to be eight-ten beers on tap and the selection seems like it will appeal to a wide variety of people. There are no food HH specials which I am sure is attributed to the already low costs for much of the food on the menu. I did overhear the owner talking to the people next to me at the bar and The Turf will be open for breakfast on Saturdays, Sundays and Mondays from 7-10 am. My husband and I attempted to order food while we were there to split, but after 45 minutes of waiting, we still had no food. We are not sure if the male bartender forgot to key the order in or if the kitchen lost the order, but in any event, the female bartender gave us our credit card back and told us that we were not going to be charged for the beers we had drank that night. It was a nice touch and very much appreciated.The thing that stood out the most was that The Turf was that it's an urban space and it does not give off a true pub vibe. Pubs to me should have wood floors, dim lighting, and be cozy and intimate. The Turf has concrete floors and the tables are much too spread out. Plus the menus are much too glossy and reminded me of menus I would see at places like Red Lobster or TGI Fridays.All and all, it seems to be a nice addition to the neighborhood, but I am not sure how often I will go out of my way to go there because I think some of the other pubs in the Valley have a more authentic pub feel to them.
3	If you put an Irish pub into a Walmart, this is what you'd get. Don't get me wrong, I love the idea of having more than one joint being open past 10pm downtown. However, the real disappointment is the everything to everyone idea of it. I guess any place that serves domestic Guiness or Strongbow can be called a pub.Tips:Bring your own cigars.At least try a shot of Middleton.Native New Yorker meets Seamus.Try Seamus, Rose & Crown or George & Dragon for TPE (true pub experience).
4	We tried The Turf on their big opening night.  They had a band playing some great Irish music at a volume that I could actually still communicate with my husband.  There were even a few girls who got up to do that step dance business during a couple songs.  I'm not sure if they were with the band, with the owners, or just so happened to be eating at an Irish Pub dressed like Irish step dancers.When we first walked in, their was no hostess table, just like Seamus McAffrey's so we spotted a booth in the back and nestled in.  Unlike Seamus though, there were no menus at the table, so we had to wait a few minutes before we were noticed and given menus.  In the meantime I noticed that there was absolutely nothing on the table.  It was a refreshing change from most places where you see salt, pepper, ketchup and all sorts of other crap on an otherwise beautiful dark wood table.We ordered the kids corndog bites as an app, a corned beef and cabbage for me, and a bangers and mash for the husband.The corndog bites are wicked good.  They should make it a full size entree.  They're super crispy and perfectly battered.  A side of seasoned waffle fries comes along with it.  The fries were also super crispy and delicious, and I don't even like waffle fries.  I had never had corned beef and cabbage, so I didn't know what to expect.  The meat was very tender and slightly salty.  Paired with the slightly softened and piping hot cabbage, it was certainly a winning combination for me.  The steamed carrots and baby potatoes were also tasty.  I could have used a bit more seasoning in the veggies though.  I didn't try any of the bangers and mash, but I did try the gravy and it was excellent.  Thick and salty, just the way I like it.Feeling very satisfied, but ready to get the full experience, we ordered the Whiskey Cake.  WHOA!  I was not ready for it.  The bundt style pound cake was dense, soaked with whiskey, and served with fresh whipped cream.    I mean soaked.  I took one bite and couldn't eat anymore so I scooped up and ate the foamy fresh whipped cream covered in green clover sprinkles.All in all, a positive experience.  I will definitely be back.  The staff just needs to learn to be extremely watchful of new faces in the crowd so they don't sit unattended for too long.
4	Full menu with standard bar fare, kitchen open late and Downtown. 'Nuff said! Everything I've wanted is now complete. CenPho is complete IMHO. They even have breakfast on the weekends!The fish and chips is straight outta Seamus' kitchen (i.e. it's Fucking fantastic).
4	I'm a fan. Turf is what you get when you want an average Irish bar crossed with a high end urban pub with leather-backed chairs. This is nothing more and nothing less and has been delivered downtown to much success.I do like that they know me and my friends already after one week, and have handled complicated car key situations, Mayor Gordon sightings with grace and easiness. Kudos them.
4	We tried The Turf for breakfast this weekend.  We were definitely not in the mood to wait a lifetime for Matt's after perusing the market, so we decided to head over to the Turf.  As expected, the place was empty except for one guy at the bar... considering it was like 9 am I am really hoping this guy was just drinking apple juice.  Our server was very nice, and I am pretty sure we had her on our first night here.  After explaining to us what black and white pudding was, ewww, and then running away, she came back for our breakfast order.  I got the Bacon and Cheese Omelet and the husband got Biscuits and Gravy.  My breakfast was served with hashbrowns and toast.  The hashbrowns were thin and crispy, just the way I like it.  My omelet was stuffed to the max with bacon and oozing melty cheese.  It wasn't a big fluffy omelet like at IHOP but it was a dense solid little guy.  I much prefer my omelets to be like this.  The husband was a little less than pleased with his meal.  We both agreed the gravy was pretty good and we really liked that there was actually sausage in it, the way it should be.  The disappointment was definitely in the biscuits though.  They were certainly not fresh and definitely not homemade.  Considering how easy and quick biscuits are to make, this bummed me out.  To the owner of Turf:  If you want me to, I will be more than happy to come over and show you how to make a good biscuit.  If there are good, fresh biscuits, this could be a great dish.  Not the best for breakfast, but a good alternative for when we don't feel like waiting for hours in the hot morning sun.
2	Pros:The best bartender in Phoenix, Jonie, is now at the Turf.It's not nearly as dirty as Seamus.The patio is nice.Cons:What's with the feeling that it is a music venue. The most empty space ever. In no way do I feel like I'm in an irish pub. It would be better fitted in say, DC Ranch where old douches could hang out and feel "Irish" before they go home and bbq in the back yard while listening to Jimmy Buffett.There is no soul, feeling, or unique aspect of this place whatsoever.
4	i'm giving turf 4 stars for now, i expect 5 stars will be on a follow up.first time here and i have to say i already love the place, its within a 7 minute walk from my apartment and that is something i have been dreaming of since i first signed a lease. my only full bar options are Portlands (meh) and carley's (good god no!!) and the bikini (way too far to stumble home, and HIPSTER) and sidebar (close, but not really stumble home close). so here i am meeting my roomie for drinks after work, i walk in and wow. i expected allot worse from the reviews from John V and Pierre. let me correct the misconceptions, its not in any way empty space, yes it's not overly crowded (yet) but i had a mental picture of the brickhouse empty. it is nothing like that. the floor plan is laid out with seating for sit down comfort..split with a bar and tall bar sit up tables. i was also expecting barren walls. but from what i can tell there wasn't a barren wall in the building.as far as pierre, i havn't trusted a review of his since i read his review of Sing High (god awful) so his interpretation of a dive bar is completely off. after reading his review i expected to walk into an updated classy newsroom..but was surprised to find a complete opposite. just a nice bar with a really friendly staff.the seating at the bar is attractive green tweed swivel stools. (tweed..what is more irish then that?) adjacent to the bar is a comfortable seating area with leather arm chairs and high back booths. the prices are far below what i expected. 8 bucks for a sandwich and fries. completely acceptable. this is certainly going to be my go to bar. i expect many years of being trashed and being sweeped out the front door at 2am. turf thank you for opening, and thank you for the quaint patio for the smokers of the downtown area. much appreciated.after i get my shit together, expect me here weekly, in fact i'll forward my calls to this place like Norm on cheers.5 star review surely in the future. bless you.oh and since i know you will read this, it was nice to meet you Melissa.come on downtown yelpers, this WILL be the bar you are at on a regular.
4	Yay! I'm a fan!Tried out Turf last night for HH.. and even though I arrived exactly at 6pm when it was ending, I saw that the waitress still gave me $0.50 off my Strongbow.I was actually surprised at how busy it was! We were able to finagle some extra chairs for our table from the nice firemen next to us, but at one point throughout the 3 hour visit I had, the whole place was slammed!I don't think that they were expecting such a crowd, so the service was a bit slow until they had another waitress show up. She was probably at home watching sitcoms and pissed she had to come in on her day off, but whatever.I ended up selecting the garden burger, which was delicious and paired with waffle fries. I was really surprised that they had as many veggie options as they did. They also have a veggie boxty, grilled cheese, cheese quesedilla and a couple of salads!I could not resist trying a slice of the whiskey cake. It was OUT OF THIS WORLD!!!!!! Check the photos for a shot of it :) I swear, it will make your night!!!I will be back, especially since the Roosevelt/Central light rail stop is like 1/4 mile away!!!!!!!!
2	Erin Go Bring Me my Check!I applaud Seamus McCaffrey for taking it slow when opening his sister pubs (Rosie's and now Turf), but this pub near Sens, PastaBAR, and The Breadfruit has some serious deficits to remedy.I took my Phoenix transplant friend, Katie C, for a late breakfast on Saturday around 11am before our trip to Downtown Phoenix Public Market.Passing through the modest patio at the entrance to The Turf (Accountant), we entered a large open space with dark, wood paneling, polished metallic-speckled concrete floors, drop-down Starbucks-reminiscent glass lamps, and not a single visible patron to be found.  The glossy, just-opened cleanliness of the pub made it look like a miniature Yard House Restaurant: four flat-panel TVs displaying futbol and basketball, too far away to follow, too TV-ish to ignore, suggesting, "We are pub for a quiet pint...No, we are music venue (see the stage!)...No, we are a wee modest sportsbar."  Conflicted.At the bar, I flipped through the menu to see if breakfast was still being served, and I was told by the bartender that the posted Sat-Sun-Mon breakfast hours of 7-10am had been extended to noon.  I mean, really, who's racing to the pub for breakfast before 10am on a weekend?We chose a booth along a side wall and noted that the swirled, multi-green upholstery was either retro or contemporary or both. (Conflicted.)  When we sat down, the server at a nearby booth rose from her intimate conversation with a blond man and asked us for our drink orders.  Coffee and water.After some deliberation and discussion of real Irish soda bread, Katie ordered the french toast and I ordered the Traditional Irish Breakfast, minus the meat (sausage or bacon; black and white pudding).  To her credit, the server said I'd be wasting money with that order and should order the simple eggs and hashbrowns and substitute in the fried tomato and soda bread.  I asked for poached eggs, but the server returned minutes later, saying, "We don't have poached eggs."  Okay, then, over medium.Our breakfast arrived quickly; by now, only one other two-top was being served in the palatial pub.  The french toast ("Some of the best french toast I've had," Katie said) came with a giant ramekin of butter but no syrup.  We asked for the syrup, and at the end of the meal, Katie almost asked for the butter to-go; it was seriously an entire stick of butter.My egg breakfast didn't have the side of fried tomato (a staple of English and Irish breakfasts), and when I asked for it, she brought two sad mealy tomato slices, unfried.  The soda bread was dense and dry and bland and dotted with four measly raisins.Throughout the service, our distracted waitress (think: Reese Witherspoon + Jewel) was pleasant but forgetful.  She spent her time between tables sitting with the blond man in the booth, close-talking and smiling.  Was he another waiter or her boyfriend?  I joked to Katie that I should bring a girlfriend to my classroom and give her smooches in between the grammar lessons I teach.  She filled my water and coffee often, but her casual presence at the booth across from us blurred the lines of professionalism.The bill for two breakfasts (including substitutions, which she didn't charge for) and a coffee was $16.  Very reasonable.  I guess we got what we paid for.Katie noted that most people don't choose an Irish pub for their breakfast/brunch, but the Turf hardly tried, it seemed.  And with Palatte closing, I wanted to give Seamus a shot.  I will definitely return in the evening to have a $5.50 Imperial Pint of Guiness, but I will not return for breakfast.
2	Talk about disappointed.  I had high hopes for this place, what with its location and idiosyncratic name. But after an hour or so and a couple drinks, I couldn't get past the 'meh' feeling that was permeating both my inner ennui and this bar as a whole.  That's when it hit me.  Coldplay started to play over the speakers and I knew I had found the musical analogue for this joint.  Turf = Coldplay.  Trying to give you what want and failing epically. All the things you are supposed to like - the things you like about similar bands/bars have all been included.  You liked it once, you'll like it again! Right?  Much like Coldplay's pomp and circumstance that is ultimately soulless, Turf Accountant fails to be genuine on any level.  Its all carefully crafted to give you some blend of quasi-upscale, Irish, hipster cool, but it just fails to deliver. I knew it was time to go when I heard Chris Martin's voice. If you find middling boring, I suggest passing on Turf.
5	5 minute walk from my spot.... full bar, they open at 9 am.. perfect for day drinkers. awesome staff. melissa is a queen, and is really, if she keeps working day shifts - she will quickly become my new bff.
3	This joint is definitely the newer, modern version of ye 'ol Seamus downtown. Pretty much the same menu, Fish and shrimp with waffle fries is a must. Even though the menu says coconut shrimp it does not have same overpowering coconut sweetness that you get from Joe's or other seafood places. it actually taste better IMO!!! Another reason to get my fish and chips craving here instead of Seamus is PARKING!  its almost impossible to get a spot whenever there's a game or event without paying top dollar.  i rather spend that parking fee money on a good scotch.  :)
4	Is it The Turf or the Turf Accountant?  The cover of the menu reads The Turf Accountant, while the receipt reads The Turf.  Either way, I like it.  The restaurant/bar is owned by Andy and Frank, the same owners as Seamus McCaffrey's Irish Pub in downtown Phoenix at the San Carlos Hotel.  The Turf is close to downtown on Central Avenue, just a few blocks north of the central bus station.  The menu is very similar to the menu at Seamus.  I ordered the shepherds pie, which was very good.  I have to say I like the atmosphere and surroundings of the Turf better than Seamus.  I went to the Turf  for lunch to celebrate a friends birthday, and everyone said their meals were good, although Manolo M. dropped gravy on his dress shirt from the bangers and mash.  Our waitress was very friendly and helpful.  The Turf is located right next to the Arizona State University's downtown campus, so it would be interesting to return at night to see what the cowd is like.
4	The Turf Pub is a great, cozy place. Part Irish Pub, part Sports Bar, part Modern, all rolled into one. And I think it works. A nice fit in downtown, next to Sens and Pasta Bar. There is seating on the patio, at the bar, or tables or booths.The beer and liquor selection is great, Irish brews and whiskeys, Scotch and the like.The food is amazing. A great menu with great selections, from traditional Irish fare like Boxty and Irish sausage to bar favorites like burgers and fries and hot wings. They have vegetarian selections, too. All at a reasonable price and good sized portions.The proprietors of Seamus and Rosie's have done well. It's a great place to go for dinner or just for drinks, or like we did, both.But it doesn't stop there, they are open for breakfast, too! From the traditional Irish breakfast to French Toast or pancakes, the breakfast menu looks really good.I see more visits to Turf Pub in my future.
2	I really want to love this place. Great location, decent prices and run by the owners of Seamus, a spectacular Irish bar just down the street.But I can't bring myself to.Their servers are horrendous. Either they forget orders, ignore tables for 10-20 and then check back every 30 seconds and seem a bit socially awkward. I've also never seen so many not attractive middle-aged female servers anywhere BUT Applebees in my life.I'm a big fan of gay or hot female servers. They seem to understand the give and take of serving, but Turf's staff doesn't.The place feels like they took Seamus, threw it into the suburbs and made it more family friendly. If Cocktails (yes, the Tom Cruise one) sold out and franchised the bar to every mall around the country, Turf is exactly what it would look like.Anyway, their beer selection is good and the food is tasty.
4	Well, the newness has worn off and the cracks are showing.  After our disappointing St. Patty's Day experience (I still want a refund), I had been quick to forgive my favorite pub.  But after last weekend, I couldn't let it stand any longer.Being a big soccer fan, I have to watch my team.  Being poor, I don't have cable, so I called Turf and asked them if they had the Sounders game.  The girl says yes so we went over.  We get there, sit down, and are ignored for almost 10 minutes.  I finally walk up to the bar and tell the girl that we'd like the game on and a server.  The server came over (who was not our usual one), took our drink order, and then came back with the remote for the TV.  20 minutes later, she still couldn't find the game and I was getting pissed.  The food came out quickly but I was there to watch the game.  I could have at least streamed it online and watched it in crappy quality.  The food was good, as always, but the waitress finally gave up and put it on some channel that was just infomercials.  Thanks...So I missed my match even though they told me they had it.  They need to train their staff to work the TVs AND they need to have the soccer matches on when they are on.  There were two MLS games at that time and NEITHER was on.  Infomercials and PTI or some nonsense.  Really disappointing.  I'll be back, I can't stay away, but you guys need to have the games on.  What a joke.  Call this an irish pub???  I NEED MY SOCCER.
3	As far as "authentic" Irish pubs go, this one is not. With polished concrete floors, a high-gloss wood bar and a spacious, almost too clean atmosphere, the Turf seems a bit contrived. That's not to say it isn't cozy -- the cushy seating at the bar kick a barstool's ass any day. Their selection of Irish drafts is excellent and the food is average. It's in the same spot as PastaBAR!!!!!!! and Sens, but the atmosphere couldn't be more different. Last night I saw a guy writing his memoirs at the bar. An old dude with a Harley Davidson bandanna was swiggin' a Jack and Coke. One thing that sucks hardcore about this place: the music. Why can't Irish bars seem to get this right (Rula Bula is exclusively excluded here)? They were blasting Yellowcard like it was 2002 and their clientele was solely 14-year-old girls. I'll go back, maybe for happy hour, or to eat after midnight. But the other spots in this building are better options.
2	okay the two stars are based on 3 series of visits to this new addition to the chemus mc caffreys family. the owners of the downtown irish pub have created this grown up, mature but very stylish irish pub just up the way from the other place, and one things for sure! they have the same standards when it comes to service.......non existent, scarce and brain dead. i've tried the pub area (tall comfortable chairs by bar), the lounge area (short chairs away from bar) and last we ate at the bar. the first two times i was in a rush and stated this before hand, we were trying to catch a play during fringe festival, and of course it took her 5 minutes to bring the bill after it was requested, but of course she was standing at the computer flirting with the other server. that day my burger was alright, but the lettuce and tomato served with it looked like left overs from the night before. the corn beef and cabbage was cut like proscuitto, not good very dry, served without butter, and very fatty. however, i gave them another chance a few days later when we return to see another few plays, and this time the service (from same girl-one i over tipped to avoid this lack 'o service-much to my dissmay the big tip meant squat) was horrible. we were one of 3 tables in the place too, however the chef salad and ranch dressing were delicious! the veggies, all but the tomato were fresh! so being that i fell in love with the ranch (so hard to find a good one!) we returned tuesday for lunch, and low and behold the same salad i ordered the other day around supper time was the same price, but half the size!!! what the FFFF????? bad service and cheating the lunch folf without a small discount for smaller portions? not right. the bar service was the same but luckily we weren't in a hurry. however i asked for the bill, it was brought and then the bartender went to take up shop at the server station to talk with the other servers. i litteraly heelyed (i was wearing my heelys -shoes with wheels) over there and took her my check and credit card. im amazed, but i will give them another try, the ranch is deo. don't go to the turf if your picky on service, heck or even if you just want it, they wont give it to you and you'll hate this place. but if your easy going and want to waste time in the AC go there, you will get lots of free air! oh yeah btw the waffle fries are deo too!
4	Pretty much what every one else had already said, its a modern type seamus.  I like the setup, and even though its just like seamus as far as the type of food they serve, it is a lot cleaner.  I still can't dog on seamus for having some wear and tear, after all it is in the downtown area and under a haunted hotel.  Let's get back to The Turf, overall I like the better parking situation, cleanliness and atmosphere.
4	had a great brunch there when the line was too long at matt's, awesome alternative if you like booze for breakfast like i do ;)
3	So, okay, The Turf isn't an "authentic" pub -- but no pub in Phoenix, AZ can be truly authentic. You'd have to go to Ireland or England to experience the R-E-A-L thing. Plus, the darn thing isn't even a year old yet. Of course it is shiny and new looking. Who would start up a bar that was old, dingy and worn down? Yeah, I know that is what makes a pub great --the character it has developed over the years.  So, I say give The Turf some time. Give it time to get dirty and dingy. Give it time to get that old boozers stench. It will get there eventually.  But for now, I quite enjoy the clean and modern feel of the place. The food is decent, the beer is flowing and the bathrooms are pretty cool. Oh, and I like the little stage they have for some entertainment -- although, when I was there, my friends were complaining about the guy singing Irish folk songs. (I didn't mind though.)
3	Happy hour was good but the music is a little loud, especially when someone takes hold of the jukebox.  I liked the setup and our server was great.  If you are looking for authentic Irish food, not the place to go but they do have a lot of menu options and the food wasn't bad.  I would go back just to sit at the bar and drink their great selection of draft beer.
4	Food notwithstanding, this place is really top notch. My office mates and I stopped here on Thursday after work and invited a couple of our clients to imbibe with us. Because, that's what bankers do in their free time: drink. Heavily!Admittedly, I'm a Guinness whore. However it's served up I'll drink it. Irish Car Bomb? Yes, please. In a stew? Yes, please.The Turf is in a great location, though I must admit the walk from the Roosevelt light rail station was a bit much in this heat. Or maybe that was just me anticipating the drink and getting antsy? IDK. Whatev, I like this bar (until it morphs into Seamus it will not be a pub) and will likely be back. Next time, I'll try to eat more than I drink...which is easier said than done when you consider I'm Irish.
3	I kinda like the place during a weekday happy hour since the seats are real comfortable and there are usually plenty to steal if more friends show up than you expected.My experience with the staff one night lined up with Tyler H. I couldn't really figure out who was our server, who was cleaning up and who might be a bartender covering for someone slacking. I have middle ground feelings on this as it was a night I didn't want to be bothered and just wanted to chill with a pal. So, in a functional perspective it worked out.I think I want to like it more for the atmosphere, but there's something kinda bland going on.
2	Melissa needs to develop her customer service skills. She could not have been more aloof and indifferent to me and other customers at the bar, even turning her back on all of us to "clean the mirrors" on the bar wall, ignoring us completely. WTF?! That is, of course, until HER "friends" happened to walk in. Then she actually demonstrated some personality. The 1/3 lb. cheeseburger I ordered must have lost it's weight from the grill to the plate, because there wasn't much to it. Thin and unsatisfying, just like the "flattened" roll it was served on. The waffle fries are excellent, with the right portion being served. The male waiter was the only employee I really saw at least trying to look busy and hustling from one table to another, and in and out of the kitchen. He at least made eye contact and managed a smile. That's who needs to be behind the bar. Give me a reason to come in again. It also deserves mentioning, that Melissa never bothered to check back on me ONCE while I sat at the bar for approx. 45 mins., to ask how my food was, or if I wanted a refill on my beer, or thank you for stopping in. THIS IS WHO YOU WANT REPRESENTING YOUR BRAND NEW ENDEAVOR?! Good Luck with that!
3	Before I write a review, I generally first read all the other Yelpers reviews, if there are any.   Why?   Because I don't really need to write something just to exercise my fingers, I figure I want to ADD something to the convo.   (Hint, hint orangeheads!)In the case of the Turf Accountant (still don't know why it's called that)... I would point you to both David B's review AND to Pierre Trudeau I's (guessing: not his real name).   I have to agree with everything they BOTH said, although they have dramatically different takes on this place.That's because I've been to Turf probably a dozen times, on different days of the week and at different times of day, and have had a different experience each time.   So I guess what I can add to the convo is:  this place ain't consistent! I tried breakfast today.   I work at Practical Art on Central north of Camelback (check us out, yelpers!)... and because we open on Sunday at noon, I make it a special splurge each Sunday to treat myself to breakfast out while I read the Sunday Times and Repulsive.   A leisurely breakfast - my favorite place to do this was always Palatte, which left me.   Sniff.    Anyway so I've been whoring around for a new fave breakfast place and haven't found it yet.   I have had many fun times at night with the great beers offered at Turf, and even had a delightful dinner one evening (my date and I split the vegetarian boxty and the shrimp dish, both were delish and exceeded our expectations).... and I kept noticing that they serve breakfast on Sundays... so I HAD TO try it.   Sigh, so sad.   A rather pathetic menu and inattentive service and weird blaring music as if it were a Friday night bar scene. Anyway I'm still in favor of Turf, love it as a fun bar, and the dinner food is decent for an occasional meal.   Not for foodies as David B. notes, but decent.    Skip the breakfast idea unless you are FAMISHED and you didn't realize that there would be a multi-hour wait at Matt's.
3	2.5 stars (rounded up to three) for the drink selection, hours and patio.  Points off for lacking authenticity and bland food.Decent bar, that attempts to bring some much needed diversity to the downtown scene, but ultimately falls a little short.  I appreciate the attempt at  bring an authentic Irish experience- unlike Seamus, it actually looks like a Irish pub, will dark oak wood, cozy booths, but unlike Seamus, it doesn't quite feel authentic yet.  Perhaps after it has a few years to wear in and replace the fresh paint smell with a stale beer smell and the bar stools and booths have gotten and little more worn in.  Also, i find the atmosphere a tad sparse and spread out for an authentic pub experience-  no real intimacy or jostling for position at the bar, even when it is supposedly 'busy'. On the other hand, I will give Turf gets high marks for one of the few pubs downtown to actually have a patio, which is a big plus when the weather is good.It's not a bad place to grab a 'real' (i,.e 2- oz) pint of an Irish beer.  However, where thy really shine is their broad selection of Irish whiskeys.  Rumor has it that the have the second largest selection in AZ (one less that their big brother Seamus) . Unfortunately, the food isn't up to par with their bar.  Yes, the waffle fries are decent way to soak up some of the booze you consume, but the real menu flats flat.  While they have a decent menu, including some attempts at irish classics like boxty, bangers and mash, corned beef and cabbage, and fish and chips (which can be quite tasty), the quality and tastiness just aren't there. This may have worked for Seamus, when it was the only pub in the downtown core, but it  doesn't cut it at turf, whose in the vicinity of several great restaurants and bars (including two in the same building and one right around the corner), which are are head and shoulders above Turf...  My advice?  A good place to meet a friend for a pint before diner, or to stop by after dinner on Friday's and Saturdays for the live music, but only rat here if you are desperately hungry.
4	This may be fiction.  I don't know for sure.  Here's what I pretty much think happened.The other night I was at a bar.  two days later I heard that it was Turf.  So I'm gonna go with it.  In body I was there, however my mind was suffering under an oppressive weight called alcohol that blurred pretty much every little thing that happened.For example: did I really find myself screaming piano man at the top of my lungs, to rapturous applause from the rest of the bar?  every time I tried to stop, I was goaded forth into the next verse?  (did the piano indeed sound like a carnival?)Was I really and truly told assuredly that I was gay?  Did I really have an argument for what felt like hours with a fair-eyed girl who has severe trust issues and one fucked up gaydar?  despite the wedding ring and total pudgy married-guy look did I still come across as gay?  (my wife tells me that it can only be the broadway rendition of a billy joel song.  I begrudgingly concede)Did I really hear someone who claimed to be a teacher misrepresent the very definition of a parallelogram?  Did she really say that a parallelogram could not have right angles?  Did I really scoff right at her and throw down the argument-crushing example of the square (QED biatch!)?  Evidently I did, because I do remember her backing me into a corner and beating my ass with a relentless barrage of haymakers, both rights and lefts, that left me bruised like a second-rate (albeit mathematically-savvy) prizefighter the next day.  Her-110 lbs at the very most, me twice that and then some on the most gravitationally-forgiving day, and I had no response but to cower in my own fucked-up rendition of the rope-a-dope.Her: "flex your stomach so I can hit you."Me: "Are you joking?  that's me, flexing."  (#fat)so I can tell you little to nothing about turf--I genuinely can't say for sure if that was the place we were at.  But since I asked right when I got there if I was allowed to yell, and the bartender said yes, yell to your heart's delight! I have to say four stars.  I would have said 5 but that looks really out of line with the rest of these reviews...
3	I have been to Turf twice now.. Once for breakfast .. I got your typical English breakfast, cant say it was the best ive ever had, or memorable for that matter, but it was alright. My bloody Mary was good, but I swear the second one only had half a shot of vodka in it.. and if im wrong I am sorry, but I could only taste Mary mix. As my friend put it, the bartender was a "charisma vacuum".. and yes, I didn't catch his name, but he wasn't cool at all. They had various sports teams playing on all the TV's, which is great if youre into that. Second time I came I was with a group of extremely inebriated people.. and I FELL ASLEEP at the bar. I did not get kicked out, so 2 cool points for that.. I still cannot believe myself and how I got away with that I do not know. Either way, I remember a lot of weird shit going on, and everyone I saw, for the most part, was laughing. I have nothing bad to say about Turf, but I also have nothing to rave about. If you're hungry or want a drink and are in this neighborhood, try it out for yourself, and try to stay awake. Its a little embarrassing when you don't.
5	Great new semi downtown place. I love the area too. First let me say that the five stars is rare for me for anyone. If there was a 4.5 stars, I would have picked that one.Food: Much better than most "pub" fares, great Shepard's pie (my favorite). Fair price and quality food.Drink: Besides the Irish staples, they have a good selection of Single Malt Scotch.Service: A few faults as any place has with new employees. Overall good service. The level of service gets better as you are recognized as a return customer who appreciates what they have to offer.Music: Again spotty a few times but generally great. I have asked them to turn down the patio speakers so we could hear the live music being played inside. Local artists and traditional Irish bands.Ambiance: Modern Old Irish Pub. Yes that contradicts but you'll get over it -lol- It looks huge inside thanks to beautiful wall mirrors and wonderful murals. I like the stylish bathrooms with glass counter tops and a glass raised sink bowl. The bathroom mirror is tilted down which I'd never seen before.Patio: Hot nights. Cold beer. or Single Malt and hand rolled cigar. Take your pick.Extras: Fine liquor selection and many Irish beers. Cigars available at the bar for the patio.Would recommend to anyone that likes good food and friendly people.
3	Not bad, not bad!  Got here on a friday with an hour left of happy hour!  Sweet deal!  They have $3.50 well & $4 pints!!  Awesome for those of you that like to drink black and tan's or like a snakebite.  The little high top bar area had 2 tables open, so we squeezed them together and had plenty of room for us and those around us.  Our group ordered the mushrooms and zucchini, which I didn't try, but they said they liked.  I'm glad we stopped by this place, it was a great start before going back to Sens.  I will definitely go back for some real grub see how I like it.  Our server was great too, we had three rounds in the hour, PLUS she let us have separate tabs!  Not bad, not bad!
3	went here for breakfast, but ending up getting lunch. My dad and husband both ordered the Irish breakfast and I ordered the corned beef and cabbage boxty. The boxty was good. way too much cabbage, but still decent. I enjoyed the atmosphere of the place a lot. I think the decor is very nice and laid back. The menu is your typical Irish fare and bar food. Good selection of beer and my server was very friendly and helpful.I plan to go back and sample more food and definitley get a pint or two. I didn't get the chance to sit on their patio, but with the weather cooling off I look foward to hanging out and sipping a pint.
4	I'm at Turf pretty often.  I never order food there.   On more than one occasion I have ordered Pizza Hut, walked across the street to pick it up, and proceeded to eat it while sitting on the Turf patio.  This, for me, is not a culinary destination.  Its my neighborhood bar.  The fact that they allow my friends to do things like bring in outside food (we have also brought in Pasta Bar...) is one of the reasons I love this place.  They are willing to turn an eye to all of my friends' ridiculous antics.  Jonie knows us and always takes care of us, whether it be by refilling our drinks without having to ask or turning on the DBacks game for us.  (She is by FAR the best bartender there).  The drinks are cheap and the bar stools are the most comfortable of all time.During First Fridays its fun because it actually fills up with people and feels like a bar in some city with a thriving downtown.  Other Fridays you may just find my friends and I square dancing to whatever live band they have playing that week.  It all depends.  I don't think you can really go into Turf expecting it to be one way or another (Irish pub, sports bar, restaurant...) because it is whatever you want it to be.  It's a space to gather and catch up with friends, however you define that.  So if you are ever looking for me you can find me tucked into one of their bar stools drinking a rum and diet.
3	This place is just alright.  I came here this past Friday to meet up with a friend and distract me from the horrible date.  What I remember the most about this bar is my friend telling me I have to come over soon because Wee Man was hanging out there.I missed Wee Man, but I was okay with that seeing as I just wanted to grab a drink.  I saddled up to my friend at the bar, and had no distinct impression about this place.  It seems like another nondescript Irish bar, along the lines of that Irish joint at Tempe Marketplace.  For some reason, it feels a little commercialized to me.Anyways, I was excited to see my friend and catch up, but that proved impossible with the insanely loud live band.  And that live band was not good at all.  If you don't know Mary Jane's Last Dance, you are not a band in my book.  I could only hang for one Hoegaarden because that band was just that bad.And foodwise, just expect the typical bar food with tons of fried eats.
4	One thing I miss as an East Coast transplant is a good fish fry.  Went there today with Jacqui and Dave.  Service was quick and friendly, but not overly so.The fish fry was perfect!  Not too much batter on the fish and it was perfectly crisp.  If you've ever had fried fish with so much batter that it doesn't all get cooked and you're left with soggy batter then you know what I'm talking about.Regular steak fries.  Great atmosphere.OH and they do comedy on Mondays.  I'll be performing Monday November 9th :}
4	My date raves about this place.. he loves a hard cider that I tried in Ireland once called Strongbow. We were on our way to a dance performance downtown, we dodged into Turf for a hard cider and quick bite.. We never left! Fun place... casual.. good music (live folksy band).. and of course, awesome  cider... We shared the fish&chips.. being from a coastal/beach town in Cali, I cant say I loved the fish & chips.. but since all other things were awesome.. and I tend to this on again off again friends at will date, Its still a 4 in my book..
4	Turf is a great neighborhood bar. If you like to go somewhere, sit outside on the patio, sip a Hoegaarden, and enjoy the complimentary WiFi, then this is your place. Here you'll find the typical pub-style food, and while satisfying for what it is, don't expect to be wow'ed over. That said, weekend brunch isn't that bad and the price is good.During some evenings they have live music and the place becomes quite packed with patrons. As Turf lies within easy walking distance of the downtown ASU campus and the light rail, they are just as accessible as say Rula Bula is on Mill Ave in Tempe.Overall, a great hang out neighborhood pub.
4	I came here on a Monday for comedy night and I loved it. The Turf isn't very authentic its more of a modern Irish pub. Everyone hanging out here was really friendly and the comedians were really funny.  We had a few drinks and shared the corned beef quesadilla. I had my doubts about the Irish/Mexican dish but it was actually pretty good. The servers were on point and never once corrected my cousin whenever he asked for a Carlsbad. I felt so at home here I can't wait to go back!
4	Just made our second trip to The Turf Pub last night and  we really like this place.  It has a clean modern feel to it, yet it maintains a relaxing neighborhood aura that we really like( and wish we had in our neighborhood!).  The color scheme, decor and the layout is super appealing and seems like it would be a great place for groups of friends to hang out.  Both our visits  found the place to be sparsely populated and had groups of friends dropping in and out.  Our waitress was quick to have the tv changed to the Suns game after we made our request and she checked on us often.  We enjoyed a couple of drinks. I had a Tullamore Dew and two Hoegaardens and the Mrs had her standard Capt. & Diet, along with a tasty order of wings.  I was reluctant to order them, but one of us is a wing fiend, so in order to stay in her good graces and all....next time we are doing fish & chips! :)  The Hoegaarden is now my favorite beer!  I am coming back just for that!  The wings were very tasty and as far as medium wings go they were perfectly spicy.This isn't a sports bar and it is not going to make you think of a traditional pub, but it is a great place to really enjoy the company of others...hands down.We will be back...and bringing friends.
4	Took a large group here last night, and it was pretty cool. As others have said, it's not your typical rough and rustic Irish Pub so if you want that, you're in the wrong place. We asked what the beers on tap included and most bars around here start by naming crappy domestics. Not The Turf. They don't carry those. Got drinks quickly and ordered food. Everything looked pretty good, so I had a fish sandwich, which definitely can be screwed up. This surely wasn't. It was almost not enough fish, but it was so yummy that didn't bother me. The waitress was just ok, but maybe she wasn't use to serving 15 people.They have free WIFI, and that's always a plus for our group. Nice location, parking available, and good times.
3	The Turf does a good job in some areas and falls flat in others. First, it isn't really an Irish pub, despite being billed as one. It's a nice urban place with an Irish theme. The space is large and well laid out, although I really don't like the high top chairs...they're just not that comfortable and there's too many of them. I wish most of the tables were lower, but with the half-height wall which separates part of the restaurant, lower tables wouldn't work.The beer selection is great and I appreciate that. They don't stop at just the usual traditional Irish (Guinness, Harp, Bass).I'll admit that I haven't had the fish and chips, so my review may be a little harsher than it could be. The only meal I've eaten at Turf is brunch, which was just OK. I had French toast with eggs and bacon. It wasn't bad, but wasn't much past a Denny's French toast slam. I know that brunch isn't necessarily their forte, but I think that if they're going to venture into the brunch arena, they need to offer something worth going for.The service at Turf has usually been decent, although our brunch server seemed to not quite be up to the task. I was there with a large group (25+ people) and she seemed to be rather overwhelmed. Also, their only seemed to be one other server for the rest of the place while we were there. The reservation for the large group had been made nearly 2 weeks prior, so I have to question the management's ability to schedule staffing appropriately. If you know you have a group of 25 people coming in, you need to make sure you have enough staff and definitely make sure you have a server who can handle that many tables at once.Overall, I think that The Turf does an adequate job at being a place to relax and have a beer. Their location close to ASU, light rail and other downtown attractions is great and I think that helps greatly. The free wifi also is a nice addition.I'll still go to The Turf for drinks and I'll try the fish and chips sometime, but I'll stick to lunch and dinnertime visits.
3	Been to Turf now three maybe four times. My reviews for each:#SMUNCH: Basically a breakfast/lunch..brunch meetup. All I can say is that I didn't eat till late dinner. The meal was huge and very tasty. Lots to choose from and I had a great time. If you want a big meal and be filled with tasty food for morning wake up great stop. By the way if you want fish n' chips or other non- traditional breakfast.. they can and will do that. The only bad thing was they should of had more help in serving, we do bring a large group 20-30 so that many orders at one time can take time to distribute.Special Happy Hours: Attended two of these, the specials were good although only on domestic beers. Sorry but while I am no where near a beer expert, I still know good beer. Pilsners and such, or basically anything but the US brands are what I drink. There is not much of that on the special. The drafts are a little limited. Then again it is am Irish pub, and sorry but I am not a Guinness person. The appetizers are ok, the wings are mighty spicy, I like hot wings, maybe its that I don;t like the vinegar hot.. the shrimp and calamari are the best part and the poppers are ok also. The appetizers are definitely made so that you will order more beverages.The staff and servers are very nice folks. They will do their best to get you what you need. The owner is also a nice fellow and will accommodate your needs. In the evening they have live music, I think it was alright. But then I don't tend to go out to listen to music but to chat with friends so the music gets in the way of that.
4	We had a large group there this weekend for a friend's birthday celebration. I was quite surprised at how few people were there on a Saturday afternoon, but that was fine for us, we had over 20 people plus a few babies.The staff was very friendly even though there were so many of us moving around and ordering food and drinks. The Buffalo Chicken Wrap was the perfect balance of spicy and cool. The fries are amazing. The boxty's are HUGE! The Grilled Cheese looked delicious too! You can add ham and/or tomato and they add the perfect amount of ham as to not overwhelm the cheese. MUST TRY: Quesadilla with corned beef and mustard!!!The beer and wine were flowing for sure, there was a pretty good selection (mostly Irish, of course) and the prices were good too! Oh yeah, and Sofia split champagne cans for $5 - spectacular!  I'll be back for sure!
3	Been there for lunch several times. Like the boxty, liked the fish and chips.  Don't like the corned beef/cabbage or the shepherds pie.  Like the location and the atmosphere.  Never been there at night so can't comment on the drinking experience. Interesting comfortable place for lunch and to chat.  Staff has always been prompt and friendly.  Won't blow you away or disappoint you.  Worth a try.
4	So why am I a fan?  It's about a block from home, and they are open on Sundays, that's why.  Well not just that, I enjoy the fact that when I have been there it is not too over crowded (unless I need intense socialization I avoid most of these places on First Fridays).   Four Stars for Location, 3 stars for the food. My friends and I stopped in for lunch on a Sunday.  The prices are fair for the quantity and quality.  My friends Club sandwich looked super yummy and he enjoyed it.  I had the fish and shrimp and another friend had the fish and chips.  Not bad and feed that hungover greasy craving.  The fish and shrimp were crispy and plentiful. I have tried other things there, my favorite still have to be the seasoned waffle fries.  Yum!
4	Before a Suns game.. we decide to head to Turf for a bit of pregame fatty grub and cider.. Hit the spot.. Do I love love this place.. umm no.. but my friend does. It is a good place to pre-game the game; has decent drink specials and bar food .. So Ill have to always rate it high for the fun of it.
4	I came in with the Sonoran Sounder Alliance to watch the Sounders and Red Bulls soccer game.  The tv was a bit small but they did give us the audio which was a very big plus.  They offer their beers in imperial pints which are nice you get an extra four ounces.  They are moderatly priced at $5.50.  I ordered the shrimp and vegetable boxty from a recommendation of our server.  It was very interesting as I've never had a boxty before.  The vegetables were thick cut and very fresh.  The shrimp were cooked well and the white wine sauce was very good.  There is a potato pancake on top of all this which was very good.  Overall we had a good experience even though our team didn't give us the result we were looking for.  Hopefully we will be back for future games here.
1	The first warning sign should have been the fact that this place was practically dead at 9 pm on a Saturday night. From previous Yelpers, I was prepared for the complete and total lack of authenticity for a so-called Irish pub... but I was not prepared for cold food and having to constantly fend off the drunk and/or homeless people who unabashedly walk right up to the table and brazenly harass you or ask for your leftovers. Some may find this kitschy. I do not. Really, this place deserves less than one star. It gets a quarter-star for our poor server, who seemed sweet and somewhat embarrassed about the goings-on. It gets another quarter-star for the seasoned waffle fries, which were probably totally delicious when they were hot.Bleh.
3	I stopped in this afternoon during happy hour. It looked like a nice place with happy hour. I ordered my usual well drink; whiskey and 7. It took the barmaid a moment to first realize I set down and then to remember I ordered a drink and what it was. I ordered a half price happy hour appetizer; Calamari, without questions. It came out fast! it was hot, delicate, fresh tasting and mostly rings with a few tentacles. The plate was cute, the garnish of old lettuce about a tablespoon of it not so cute. Served with a nice wedge of lemon and unfortunately cocktail sauce. To my surprise the cocktail sauce wasn't so bad, but I'm use to calamari with a different type dipping sauce. Still the Calamari was so good that a little lemon did it well enough. The portion size is good at $3.50 but not so good at the full price of $6.95 As others mentioned the staff is lacking personality, they weren't so busy on this Monday. I would expect a warmer greeting even a little acknowledgment when you sit at the bar from the other bartenders behind the bar, but nope of the 5 people working the bar and accessing the bar and stocking it none was as polite enough to say a hello! That's awful customer service! Anyhow I looked over the menu and it looks rather good, they even offer 2 kids meals. And like I said the calamari was good. They also have a good selection of scotches and whiskey, that one seldom sees outside an Irish pubs, so i guess that's what makes it an Irish place along with a few menu selections. I also liked the layout of the place and the dark color scheme. I think that if the staff had personality and manners it could be a destination stop. So with that said as much as I would like to be fan, I'm limited to saying it's an OK place.
4	Frist let me start by complaining--They need more shade and misters, this is Phoenix after all! We ride bikes [bicycles] and we take our spoiled thirteen year old dog so we know and love all dog friendly places. We hit the Turf every weekend and just have a grand ol time. When they have the flavored cream for the Irish coffee look out!  Just had breakfast this morning and it was great. Great service, good price, and there is never a wait,[you can see those herding types up the street at matt,s]. Did I mention GREAT service! If you're dogless the indoors is always cool, clean, dark,and not crowded. We don't do the late night scene so that is why I say it's not crowded.
4	We stopped in for breakfast today before shopping the PHoenix Public Market.  Nice breakfast selection and their whole menu is also available.  In our party we have the pancakes which were light and fluffy, the French toast (6 generous slices), a combo with eggs, and a Turnkey wrap.   It has a nice shaded patio in the AM that was very pleasant.Other plusses  - it is a big place and there in no waiting - it is close to the light rail- it is 50 yeards from the public marketWill have to go back for a beer and to try the corned beef quesadillas (Irish/Mexican fusion?) - it looks like a great pub!
3	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):8 Food8 Service7 Atmosphere8 ValueThis place does not inspire me - but she gets the job done.I don't particularly care for the decor (George & Dragon is the superior British/Irish ambiance between the two) and the patio is often too smoky to enjoy, but the food is solid.  That's not to say that it entirely stays true to the Irish theme, because it doesn't, but what I've had has been tasty (which is pretty much just the chicken boxty and the chicken pot pie so far).Walking in the door doesn't really feel very inviting though - i think it has to do with the angle of the bar and immediate openness of the resto, combined with bartenders and waitstaff that seems to not be very good at greetings - though they are not at all unfriendly, just seemingly distracted.So basically, i come in here to mix it up when I don't want to wander far from home, but it's not something I often look forward to the way I do PastaBar, Breadfruit, or Cibo.
1	Overpriced drinks and uninspired bar food fare with the added bonus of crummy service from a generally dim and lazy staff. I've been to this place about half a dozen times, and it's always the same, so they get one star for consistency. The most recent and final visit had us wait 45 minutes before the waitress took our lunch order. In the meantime I left my friends, walked across the street to Pizza Hut, bought a pie, and brought back to my still-waiting friends. We were asked to leave, which was the best part of the visit. If you're looking for a good Irish pub, try Seamus McCaffery's on Monroe St. It's not great, but definitely better than Turf.
2	If you are looking for a bar in the area then I would highly suggest heading 1 mile south of The Turf to Seamus McCaffreys. Funny thing is it is actually owned by the same people but unfortunately The Turf is under extreme need of new management. Cons (Listed first because they should be strongly considered): -You have to wait foreevvveeerrrrr to get a menu, etc. -Everything is overpriced, everything. -The food taste like their isn't one fresh ingredient but rather, it has been in the back of the freezer waiting for you to order up! -The beer has been flat at times! Not cool when your paying over $5 a draft. -After giving them chance after chance, they still cant get it right. Pros: -The furnishings are nice for an Irish pub but are a waste of money until they improve the service. -The only reason I gave two stars and the only reason I would ever slightly recommend this place is because they do make a good grilled cheese. But lets be honest, that's not the hardest thing in the world to do.
4	[Food/Ambiance 3 stars plus 1 for proximity] I don't go here strictly for the food. Don't get me wrong it is good, the seasoned waffle fries alone are worth 5 stars. But I come here when I need to unwind and have a drink or 3 or a quick casual no frills bite to eat. This is my bar of choice in the neighborhood. The whole place has some feng shui issues but the clean openness is better than being hot and crowded in it's brother bar Seamus. Don't go in expecting an "authentic" Irish pub experience. This is Seamus and Rosie's dapper younger brother. I enjoy going during the week and if Tyler is working the bar I know it is going to be a good night. He offers some interesting suggestions on drinks and I'm always down to try something new.
3	If I could review the food, atmosphere, and bar as different entities, here is what I would give them:Food:  1 star (standard bar food that is not great-never eat the breakfast)Atmosphere  3 stars (pretty decent, but the live music is too loud)Bar:  4 stars (good prices, great fun, nice outdoor patio, really hoppin' on First Fridays)
3	Went here for Sunday breakfast  since Matt's was overly crowded.  We had the Traditional Irish Breakfast, which consists of 3 fried eggs, a rasher, some sausages, black and white pudding, a fried tomato and spuds. Side of soda bread. It was very good, but the puddings tasted more like sausages instead of how they normally should taste. I'm not that convinced that my rasher wasn't canadian bacon either. The rashers I've had aren't that round... But the coffee was strong and good. I will definitely have this again (I still dont' understand why no Irish Pub/restaurant in this town knows how to make decent soda bread, it's really not that hard. )The many comments here about how this doesn't look like a "real Irish Pub" really made me chuckle. What they probably mean is that it doesn't look like an Americanized Irish Pub. This place looks like 80 percent of the Restaurant Pubs I visit in Ireland. Maybe if they played the Quiet Man in the background and had Tom Cruise behind the bar doing his best Irish accent, it would make more folks feel "at home."
4	Awesome corned beef and waffle fried are to die for! Great service all four times we have eaten here...all around cool place to watch the game and grab a bite to eat.
2	It's okay.  The food isn't even remotely Irish.  They can do better.
4	Cold beer, good food in a relaxed Irish atmosphere.
3	As a midway point between the Southern and Northern stops along Saturday's Downtown Pub Crawl route, Turf enjoyed consistent traffic and was well-prepared for the waves of drinkers coming in and out of the door. As an event organizer I was more interested in the experience of the Pub Crawlers than my own and by those perimeters Turf did very well but I will offer up some constructive criticism:1. Music. On a night like Saturday nobody is interested in Local Singer Songwriter Guy; get a jukebox and give the people high-energy music they're familiar with. If you want to keep the Irish theme, mix in some Flogging Molly, The Pogues, Dropkick Murphys, Swell Season or, I don't know, U2.2. Smile. Nobody likes a crabby bartender much less three crabby bartenders. 3. Bathrooms. Turf's sister pub Seamus McCaffrey's had cleaner bathrooms on Saturday and if that's not an indictment I don't know what is.Overall Turf is a very nice drinking destination that makes a decent plate of fish n' chips. If you're making the rounds in Downtown Phoenix you should check 'em out.
5	Hurry happy hour ends at 7!  Great food and drinks!!!  design your own imperial black/tan... i MADE a Guiness/Kiltlifter....YUMMY.  Best Seared Ahi Tuna I have had to date...
4	* Now that the weather has cooled here in AZ, I can look back on the Roasting HeatFest that was summer and comment on some of the more enjoyable moments... *It is Saturday afternoon.  It is hot.  There is time before the Dbacks game.  Where should we go?  Hey, how 'bout the Turf!?  And so starts the afternoon/evening in Phoenix...I am an Irish girl, and have a soft spot in my heart for Irish pubs.  The first time I visited the Turf (randomly in the morning after a HUGE breakfast... too early to do any real damage) I knew I wanted to come back.First off, we were able to secure a great parking spot right around the corner and in the shade, too.  Score!  Be aware that the parking spaces are metered, so bring quarters and keep an eye on the time.  Nobody likes a parking ticket (no, I didn't get one).The Turf has two things near and dear to my heart.  Comfortable bar stools and purse hooks.  Oh, and the fact that the staff is friendly, the prices are fair and the food is good doesn't hurt, either.Boddington's on tap?  Why yes!  Those were paired with fish & chips with steak fries (to which the vinegar was liberally applied).  For some reason the bartender ended up with an 'extra' Hoegaarden that he gave to us as well (nice!).Too bad the Turf Bar isn't closer to my corner of the world - I think it would be a fun place for Happy Hour.  Well, there is always next baseball season!
1	My coworker and I were looking for a place for lunch near downtown...We didn't want Mexican or anything Asian, so we headed for the Turf.I ordered the grilled shrimp skewers.  I opted for fries instead of veggies since I hate broccoli.  I feel fortunate for substituting the fries, because that was the only decent part of my meal.  My shrimp came out huge, but overcooked and without any flavor whatsoever.  I rarely, and I mean rarely, add salt to anything, and the shrimp is one of those things.  I didn't eat the mashed potatoes, because it had gravy (ick), and the salad would have been good if the Italian dressing didn't taste so bad.The waitress didn't seem to remember anything we told her and had to ask what kind of fries we wanted several times.Maybe if we would have come here for something to drink instead of lunch, it would have been better.  I will not be back to eat.
4	I was introduced to The Turf last year by a friend of mine who used to work in the area. I recently blazed in on a cross-country flight and was in desperate need of some food and drink. Downtown Phoenix seems to roll up its sidewalks at night, but thankfully The Turf's kitchen is open until 11. I've enjoyed a number of their sandwiches and found them to all be pretty good - granted, how hard is it to screw up a grilled chicken breast or reuben? No one's lying about the waffle fries. They're awesome. The imperial pints they serve felt a bit on the pricey side. A fellow diner who represented herself as quite the Irish pub connoisseur claimed that the Irish whiskey selection was outstanding. She seemed to know what she was talking about, and promptly ordered an expensive one, so I'm inclined to believe her.
3	I like Turf's atmosphere...the dim lighting, big booths, wide open bar.  The service is always good, too.  The problem?  The food is generally mediocre...most of the items I've eaten were too salty.  They do have waffle fries, though, which are delicious.  I still come here fairly regularly, but it is a fall back, not a primary.
4	"AY! HAAAAYYYYYYYY!! DUUUUDE. Where arrr youuu maaan! come to Turf me an Anthoneee are draaankin!" my brother slurred into the telephone. "what? where are you?" I said confused and mildly entertained.   "TURFFFF!" he replied overly enthusiastically "We been drinkin' all morning duuude!" ensuing giggles and faint slurred speech is heard through the receiver as he and Anthony chortle with one another and assumedly forget they were on the phone. "Hello?....uhh Hello?" I respond after a few moments ignored on the opposite end.  "HEY YO BOB!!!" a sloppy sounding anthony gargles into the phone, "Wherrre arrr yoo's! gedduh fugg down heer!"   "YEAYUH GET DOWN HERE!!" Justin echoes beamingly from the background.    I exhale a deep sigh, realizing how much liquor I'm gonna need to tolerate their company, "Dude, it's like 3 in the afternoon, you guys sound trashed..." I half heartedly say, to which they respond with giggling and more entreaties for my presence, "Okay I'll be there in 15."   When I stepped foot inside the Turf Bar, after enjoying a leisurely bikeride in the winter sunshine, I spot Justin and Anthony bellied up to the bar. They were unmistakable, and belligerently drunk, after a morning spent in various Irish bars in the downtown area. I cautiously walk over to them surveying the interior- mostly deserted except for a bemused barkeep and a few disinterested patrons enjoying a beer battered brunch of some sort. I strolled up behind them removing my wayfarers and smile, as I clasped their shoulders, they greeted me with the vivacity that only an overtly imbibed brother and good friend can. I could smell the stale reek of alcohol on them from a few feet away.  What followed was far too many rounds of liquor, and beer that could've pleased Andre the giant. We were warned by the bar tender to ease up on the profanity, my brother forgot to tip him, and Anthony rode on my bike handel bars most of the way home until Justin leapt at him T-boning the bike and flinging him onto the ground, they both laughed till they were red in the face. All in all I have to thank the Turf Bar for an interesting sunday afternoon that ended in my brother and his friend passed out on my front lawn and a brand new pair of my clothes with permanent grass and mud stains on them after angrily wrestling my brother into submission.
5	First Off, love the shaded patio. Saturday mornings getting to people watch. Then the mimosas, the breakfasts, and the service and you have a fine morning indeed!!!! The traditional breakfast is great, have to try the soda bread and stewed tomatoes. Don't forget the Bloody Marys.
2	Not impressed at all.  Went there yesterday (a Friday) with my wife and some friends of hers from work.  The placed wasn't packed yet at all as it was only 5:00 when we all got there.Service was very slow for getting drinks but reasonable for food that was ordered.  Many apps were ordered including wings, mushrooms, zucchini, chicken strips and the reuben dip.  Reuben dip was pretty good.My wife ordered the fish and chips which was good.Reason I gave this two stars is because I ordered the one thing that should be perfect in ANY Irish place.  The Shepard's Pie.  Hands down the WORST I've ever had.  Can't believe a chef in an Irish restaurant would send that out.
3	Turf is good. Not really a place to bring to impress the hell out of people. Good though. It always works as an "I don't know where I want to go to eat...I'll just hit Turf." They recently added Off-Track-Betting. We'll see how that expresses itself !Great Whiskey selection! Servers have always been pretty friendly. I've had their Chicken Parmigiana, its good.Fries are excellent!
5	Awesome bloody marys by Kat at 8am...yeah..
3	The Turf is a decent bar that calls itself an Irish pub.   The place is clean, has great selection of food and drink, and the service has always been more than adequate.It is dark and cool inside.  After walking from the light rail to it, I ordered a Guinness, which tasted better than Guinness at most bars.Today I had a BLT, which was fine, but their Irish food and seafoods are much better.The appetizers are half price at happy hour, they weren't playing Irish music on the stereo, and that is enough to get me to return in the future.
4	Dark, cool, comfy, and serving up some of the best fish-and-chips I've had in the Valley. Guinness with a shamrock on top. A good place to wait out the hottest part of the afternoon. It probably isn't an "authentic" Irish pub, but that doesn't keep it from being a good experience.Oh, and they serve breakfast, too!
3	I really like The Turf. I would love to love it, but there is nothing that outstanding or memorable to make me do so. The food is good. I like the menu and diversity of it. It's clean, somewhat hip though has the "I have seen this before" look. Prices are average, drink menu and selection is average, and service is average. Certainly a place I like to come to for a drink and some lunch or dinner. There is a small patio out front, a large dining area with booths and tables. TV's, live music at times, and a comfortable crowd. I really wish I had more to say. It's just "average". Not anything overly memorable. Just a place to hit if in the area and you will probably have a nice experience. Yawn.
2	Okay, to be fair, the two-star rating is based on a single visit to The Turf (no longer Turf Accountant, because that made no damn sense anyway). If it had been a better night, I would have given three, maybe even four stars. The food was okay; better than average bar food, not as good as a restaurant that's really trying. We got a boxty, which was just a pile of veggies in white gravy under a potato pancake thing; kind of tasty, but weird. The salad wasn't bad. The chicken strips were average at best. The beer was good, the atmosphere was exactly what an Irish bar should be, the band was REALLY good.However.We got their around 9 on First Friday. It wasn't as busy as I'd feared; we were seated right away, placed our order. Then we waited. For almost an hour. I saw food coming out at a steady pace from the kitchen; I assumed they were just backed up from the First Friday crowd.Our waiter came around to check on us again, and I finally mentioned that we were getting awfully hungry.  His response, and I swear to God I'm not making this up:  "Oh, did you order food?"I blinked at him, and focused on not killing him with my pint glass. Through clenched teeth I said slowly, "Yes. We did. A lot of it." He ran back to the register and put our order in, and our food came out within minutes. I don't know what brain surgery procedure he was prematurely released from, but HOW THE HELL DO YOU FORGET TO PUT IN AN ORDER FOR AN ENTIRE TABLE? Yes, it was only one mistake, by one person and not the entire restaurant, but it was a pretty fucking huge mistake. If the rest of the experience had been much over average, I might go back. But it wasn't. So I won't.
4	What a snazzy little joint.On a recent night out I found myself at The Turf.  The ambiance was great, with plenty of dark wood and metal.The food that I sampled was quite tasty, though I admit ti sticking with standard bar fare.  The menu had tons of interesting options, enough for me to consider coming back to sample.The Turf also boasts an excellent liquor list as well!  The bourbon list alone was drool inducing.I'm not really up to speed on downtown nightlife, but The Turf will always be an option as a place to pass the night.
5	Came here for happy hour before the Giants vs. D-back game. The prices were great= $4 for a 20oz beer and 1/2 off apps. We also shared the shrimp & fish dinner which came with chips ( we substituted waffle fries which were out of this world!). It was amazing and a great portion. I think it was only $9 and change. Our server was great too, quick and pleasant- she brought the check quickly so we could rush over to Chase Field. We were even welcomed decked out in our Giants' gear :)Will definitely be hitting up happy hour here again soon!
3	This is a tough one.... easily 3.5 stars if there was such a rating, but the fact is that the food is really mediocre for Irish -- quite comparable to the two McCaffrey pubs. That said, it's a great place to grab a drink, better than Rosie's or Seamus'. Ambiance is great, service is pretty good, and they have a great selection of whiskeys and beers.... but the food keeps dragging me back to 3 stars. This place could very easily grow on me, though, after a few more visits.
4	Love this place for HH. I am not even sure of the specials, but the beer is cold, service is prompt, and they always get our checks right, even with big parties!
3	The Turf is one of those places that for me is not great but not bad either. In terms of atmosphere it is probably one of the nicest Irish places in Phoenix. They have live music some nights of the week so it's a nice place to hang out. Their food is good, again not great but they have an interesting menu with some more traditional Irish fare so this is a good alternative to other Irish places that call themselves Irish because they serve Guinness and have Notre Dame banners on the wall (much like Outback Steakhouse calls themself Australian because they have Foster's posters and Boomerangs on the wall....don't get me STARTED on that!!!)The service is always friendly but a bit slow so that, and because the food is not stellar is why I'm giving three stars. That is not a reason however to not check this place out. It is a great place for drinks and some munchies afterwork and the atmosphere makes it a great alternative to some of the other downtown watering holes.
4	We have been here a few times for drinks and more recently for the fish and chips. It was good and I loved the fact that they allowed my dog and I to sit on the patio. A huge plus!! The service is good and friendly.
4	Introducing the attitude of an Irish pub with the atmosphere of a nice lounge.Classy. Or as classy as I can be when I'm pretty buzzed* and yelling at the Giants/49ers game. I wasn't going for either team, so I just laughed at everyone else getting fired up. *But not buzzed enough to ignore some of the cooler features, like the projector showing games on the opposite side of the bar, the cool modern sink in the restroom, the extensive liquor selection, or the freaking delicious chocolate cake I had with my IPA. Staff was very personable...in overtime, they were right there watching the game with us, in suspense. Fun times. It's a really nice bar, and I'll be back for actual food.
4	Great happy hour and a too die for ruben dip appetizer that I wanted to beg the chef to give to me. (although I didn't I believe I can re-create it just  fine and maybe even tweak it a bit) The waitress (who's name escapes me right now) was fabulous and did I mention they have a kick ass happy hour. On Wednesday happy hour is pretty much all evening so double score! I will definitely be back to visit them again soon even if it is just for some of that tasty ruben dip!
4	We put our name on the long list for Matt's Big Breakfast and headed out to get a cup of coffee. The coffee shop at the grocery store across the street was closed on Sunday so we ended up here. The coffee was great and the menu for breakfast looked good, plus I was starved. I am so glad we stumbled on this place! We got the Irish Fry Breakfast and a side of pancakes. It was spot on. Having had an actual fry breakfast in Ireland this really was good. The black and white pudding was stellar and I wanted more. The soda bread was yummy and the pancakes were really solid. The meats were really good and everything was perfectly cooked. Was I upset that we missed out on Matt's? Not really. I would definitely choose this place over Matt's again. I don't feel guilty (even though I know we'd hurt Irenia's feelings) because when we walked back by our name was still yet to be called and the same tourists were waiting outside. Suckers.
3	We negotiated drink specials for a group of 30 + and they reneged when we arrived.  Best of all the manager was not able to talk to us because he was too busy. Yeah, too busy because we just tripled the occupancy of your bar.  Also,  we asked to put on espn and we were told it would take 10 minutes to change the channel.  Haha!  Probably not a bad place to visit if its not crowded, which should not be a problem.
4	Great Irish spot - the boxty is great and so is the dessert!  Also go here when I'm in PHX.
4	great bar with great food at very reasonable prices!  the bartenders and service are excellent!  they are very conscientious as well and willl cut you off if you appear as if you have been hitting the sauce too hard.  they pour excellent drinks here and are very committed to customer service!  always a nice, down-to-earth crowd every time I come in here as well.
3	Every neighborhood needs an Irish pub, right?!!!!Turf is a solid 3.5 stars.  Nice choice of pints on draught and everyone needs a Black & Tan from time to time.  Always a lively environment and they had a good house band the night before St Patty's day.Have only eaten once and tried Boxty for the first time. It was a good hearty meal and they have a dog friendly patio.They also have off track betting...hence the name...which makes for a lively environment when the races are on.Have always had friendly service even when we're the loudest people in the place.Slainte!
3	Nice to have another Irish pub downtown!  Nice decor, convenient location and good beer.
4	I've been to this bar before and was neither impressed nor turned off. It did it's job, and I was fine with that.I ventured back today with a friend for some breakfast and drinks. I was very excited about this breakfast concept, as I was not aware that they served breakfast. Well, we missed breakfast (our fault!) and decided to stay and get some lunch. I got a turkey wrap with coleslaw and it was delicious (which is always a huge relief with regard to bar food in general, for me). The beers were perfectly fine, as always. You can't really go wrong there.What makes this place a go-to for me is the relaxed, yet helpful service. They're not going to hover over you, yet they come around enough to get you what you need when you need it. And actually before you need it. They seem to work as a team, too, because I'm fairly positive we had at least 3 people serving us. Normally this would be annoying to me, but they were all so helpful and friendly that it just helped to add to the good company I was there with. I haven't been a regular patron of this bar, but I'm thinking it's about time to step it up a notch.
4	I visited Phoenix for a conference over Memorial Day Weekend 2012. My friend & I were looking for breakfast, and we heard of a breakfast restaurant in the neighborhood. There was a line out the door, and we were too hungry to wait. Therefore, we stumbled into The Turf after we noticed a banner outside advertising an Irish breakfast! The plates of food were huge, and I had two eggs over easy, two slices of toasted Irish soda bread, fried potatoes, tomatoes, black & white pudding (blood sausage), sausage links, & some sort of ham. My friend is Muslim, and the server offered her several alternatives to the pork products so she could also enjoy the Irish breakfast. She opted for the Irish oatmeal, which she raved about. The food and service were great; the environment was good, and there was no wait! Don't settle for that same old American style breakfast next weekend. Try The Turf's Irish breakfast! You won't regret it!
5	Love love love.. for class class class.. had a great live band and a quite patio outside. Good drink prices and from what I could tell I can't wait to go back to try the food.. bartenders were awesome.. great atmosphere for date night.. I will be back
5	Are you serious?! OTB! Great place just got better. Plus, Sarah totally took care of us! Great gal! Wish thru still had Hoegaarden on tap, but can't have everything...
3	Average. Nothing stood out. Food was okay, nothing to drive out of the way for (fish n chips- that were NOT traditional English chips but steak fries- patty melt).  Drinks were good but you really can't mess up a Kiltlifter. Service was average. Never asked one of us for a refill so that was disappointing. Just so average if it wasn't for my company I wouldn't remember it.
2	Came for the Irish breakfast and couldnt even finish it because it was so terrible.  The food had an after taste like it was being held in steam pans that had old, gross tap water.  Only finished the soda bread, everything else was unbearable.  Drinks were good- black and tan and an irish coffee (nice and strong)
1	First time, live down the street and decided to stop in for a beer.  The comdedian on Monday nights was talking about carrying weapons and how funny that is.  The bartender was dressed in a tie, but don't let it fool you, he's not polite.  At one point, he was threatening me with violence to leave the establishment.  No reason.  But beware, this place feels creepy and sketchy.  The beer was okay, but a bit over priced and less than I would expect from a gambling establishment.  My take on the place, there is no way I would cross their threshold again.
4	Great litle Irish pub in downtown. Always a nice atmosphere, great drinks and good food.
1	I walk in to get seated, and it took about 15 minutes for the waitress to get our drink order.  I ordered chicken wings...an hour later (no joke, literally an hour), the wings came out and i ate 4 of them. My friend told me to look down on my plate. As i look down, it looked like the chicken had been murdered, yes, they were bloody and raw. Im not saying I wasn't a dumb@$$ for not looking at chicken while i eat it, but damn. I told the waitress and she took them off the bill, a small compensation for what ensued later that night. About 5 hours later, i get home from work, and i start crapping and puking simultaneiously. This went on for 8 hours. I called the doctor to see if im going to die, he said possibly... and to keep slamming water. So i did, i kept myself awake out of fear of death in my sleep by dehydration. So all in all, if you're looking to lose some lbs by crapping out your intestines and other non important organs, Turf is the place to be.
4	Turf is a neat little Irish pub. The food is decent, the employees are nice, and they have some good beers on tap. I wouldn't say that anything here is necessarily outstanding, but I always enjoy myself here. It's a good place to watch a sports game (so I've been told by others) or chill with friends over a few pints. It's never too busy and it's open late, so it's always convenient if other plans fall through.
4	I am a fan for one reason, not that there aren't plenty of other reasons to be a fan but one and only one caught my eye and will bring me back many many times.....They have the largest wine glasses ever! I couldn't get over it, I said, "Now, that is a glass of wine!" Not only that but the bartender was great about helping me find a glass of something I would like. He let me try a couple, which was awesome since the first selection I didn't like at all. Very accommodating, knowledgeable and friendly. Thank you bar man!
2	The atmosphere was great! The service was extremely Slow for a First Friday night!! They had only 2 servers and a full house! Got my meal -  Ahi Tuna sandwhich and half the sandwhich was missing the tuna! Very disappointed. Posted a pic but it was deleted!
4	I have nothing but love for The Turf.This is one of those places where the servers/bartenders are one of the reasons that keep you coming back.I recently celebrated my birthday, there, and two of the girls gave me a gratis piece of cake with relight candles shoved in (Which was a fun surprise when I couldn't blow them out haha). Honestly, I wasn't expecting much of anything for my birthday, there, but that extra little something was very much appreciated.Additionally - They're in a perfect location downtown, and right next to a convenient parking lot (hard to come by around the area) and the restaurant has the perfect mix of : High tops, low tops, booths and a bar seating area. Hell, they even have a patio to boot. Live music on weekends is fun as well.Le sigh...good ole Turf, like your favorite sweater...
2	How do you mess up a burger?  I visited The Turf for lunch last Sunday, and was very disappointed.  Among the three of us eating, two of us had less than desirable meals.We started with Bloody Mary's which were just OK, if you are a bartender PLEASE learn to make a Bloody Mary.  There is nothing worse than a bad bloody.Food came out after a substantial wait which was odd because there was maybe 5 tables of people.  My veggie botxy (Irish potato pancake) was tasteless and blah.  My friend who ordered the burger said it was not very good and he would be stopping at In N Out later in the day.  His waffle fries were great.  My other friend ordered the eggs and toast which he said were good.After about a 15  wait for our bill we paid the $40 tab and left.  Not too bad when you figure we had two cocktails, but still a little steep for an unimpressive lunch and okay Blood Mary.  I may be back for a beer but not to eat.
1	The bartender was a douchebag. I came with a large group for a London bus crawl tour so it WAS busy but this jerk looked directly at me twice and served the people on each side of me and never took my order. I moved to the other side of the bar and the same thing happened.  This was over the course of 30 MINUTES. THEN he had the nerve to tell me to get out when i called him out on his very poor service.  When I came back to take his picture to post to Yelp (which is in my comment in the "Tips" section), he asked why I was taking his picture.  When I explained my intention of posting it on Yelp he again told me to get out.  Fortunately, this crapshoot of a place only had ONE bartender and ONE server on a SATURDAY night, so he couldn't do anything other than direct me to leave.
3	I went to Turf this weekend as part of Erin B's bachelorette party and the London Bus pub crawl. I must say, I probably did not get a true to life representation of the bar. Apparently, the bar tender was not informed that the bus would be coming there that night and was, therefore, unprepared for the mob of people who swarmed the bar. Service was very very slow, but you could tell the bartender was busting his balls to get the job done. All I had time to drink was one Irish car bomb....really can't go wrong with that, and, as expected, it was good. This place is approximately 2 blocks from my apartment, so I will have to try it again sometime.
1	If you go to "tips" you see another of my reviews of this same place.  Troy D., who calls my review "stupid," also works at Turf as a bartender.  So as you can see, more than one of their staff at this place put the customer first...
4	pretty cool little joint.  Very friendly staff and food was decent enough for a return.
4	I really enjoyed this place.  Parking is rough, especially on a school night, but after 5 the meters are free.  Worth the block or 2 walk.Came for a happy hour with friends.  We had the chicken quesadillas, which were pretty darn good for it being an Irish bar.  Food and drink (Harp, yum) were 1/2 price for Happy Hour.  Good atmosphere, not overly loud so I was able to chat with my friends,
3	Dropped in for a beer while waiting for a nearby restaurant to open up. It was tasty and the place large. Why is it Irish Pubs always seem to have  haranguing barkeeps? We weren't interested in her growling issues. Liked the homey feel of the place and the pub seemed authentic vs. strip mall Irish Pubesque.
4	Drawn to The Turf by the pheromonic thought of people talking techie in both my ears, I found a bar and eatery I'd taken pics of last year. I'd loved the iconic murals covering the front elevation of the building.  Wednesday evening I got to go inside.There was live music in the northwest corner.  A man was onstage, filling the room with what became a vast repertoire of tunes.  My favorite was a very quiet improv bit of blue jazz about the tip jar being empty on the stage.  He was accompanied by a percussionist.  The music was good and loud, making the outside seating the best place for a schmooze-a-rama.  It's called "The Turf" because there's an off-track-betting booth next to the main entrance, race of the moment playing on the big flat panel above the cage.  If you've got a gambling problem, a betting desk and giant beautiful bar serving everything might slap more misery up the side of your head than you'd care to experience.    Guinness is served.       I didn't try the food.Pick parking carefully.  That probably empty ASU lot immediately North of The Turf has a large complex machine demanding it be fed so your wheels can stay where you parked them.  Enforcement is serious in this lot, even after six PM.  Someone mentioned some free space marked just for The Turf.  Find it.
3	If you want drunk food or hangover food, this is the place for you. We looked this place up on other websites and it looked REALLY good. And as we are Europeans living American bodies we like a traditional Irish fair. The boxty isn't really a boxty. It was a plate of wet cold cabbage with a little bit of corn beef completely covered in a mashed tater paddy. A lot of other reviews commented on the looks of the waitresses... I don't go somewhere looking for hot waitresses. It doesn't hurt if they're hot, but if not I don't hold it against the restaurant. She was at least nice.What I will say about the staffing is that it was almost non-existent. There was only one girl for the whole restaurant at lunch time. She was serving and busing tables. The only table available when we got there hadn't been cleared from last patrons so that was a little gross. The Bloody Mary and Irish Coffee were both strong but lacking in the correct flavors. The Black & Tan was more like Flat & Bland.We didn't have any homeless or deviants approach our table while we were outside, but an apparent regular customer did come up and harass us from over the fence.The only other turn off was the selection of the Best of Kid Rock for ambient music.I'm not yet dissuaded from returning. It seems like there could be hope for this place and that we just got there on an off sort of day.
2	Too bad my 200th review is for this place.Typical American "Irish" bar. The music selection was good but not right for the environment. Service wasn't attentive. My booth seat was caving in around me. The bathroom was absolutely disgusting. A very small whiskey cranberry was $7. Bottom line, I won't be back.
1	Been there a couple times and the bartender's are never usually, at all nice.  A simple "hello" with a smile makes anyone feel good.  These people never heard such a thing.
3	I stopped in here late in the afternoon with the boss man. I had the caesar salad and an iced tea. Not expecting much, I wasn't disappointed. The tea was good and the salad was a surpisingly large portion. The only complaint was the semi-average service. We ate and talked for about 45 minutes and only saw our waitress twice. At the rate I drink iced tea, that doesn't work for me. I probably won't be back but that's mostly due to the fact I don't drink....
2	A handful of us stopped here to watch the UEFA Champions League Final, and all were disappointed. It is a poorly dressed-up dive bar. Poor food, poor service, and a passable interior environment - except the restrooms, which both had standing water/mysterious liquid. Luckily it is an OTB as well, which served as a distraction to most everything else. The OTB and Guiness poured correctly are the only factors keeping this place from one star.
4	My favorite neighborhood watering hole.  Food has greatly improved over the two years I've been coming here.  Great service.
3	Neat little gem of a place. Wait. Little isn't the right word. The inside has copious amounts of seating. In addition to the traditional style bar there are high back booths. A perfect retreat as the summer heat wave cooks everyone outside. There is an outdoor patio area which is dog friendly.  The seats aren't the most comfortable (wrought iron) but will do. The only ding I would give is on the service. Maybe it was the time of day we went (Saturday night, 10ish) but it was really hard to get anyone to serve drinks outside. I say that this is odd as all the guests were outside. There wasn't anyone inside...so..well. Eh.
4	These are the types of places I love to go into and enjoy when I'm downtown and there needs to be more just like it!  While my friend and I only went in here for a tasty cold beverage while waiting for Pomo to open for the evening next door, we still quite enjoyed ourselves as we sat at the bar and talked with the bartender.  I do wish they had way more options on tap though...Blue Moon was the only Hefe?...blech!  My friend quite loved her chocolate martini though and practically licked the glass clean (don't kill me for saying that Mary).  Apparently they have a really good breakfast, so it would be pretty nice to come back and try some of the food.
4	I found myself here at the end of a inebriated first friday night, my neighbor pointed me here. So this review will most definitely be updated in the coming days\weeks when I make a sober, legitimate return appearance. But I do remember hanging out on the patio, enjoying a few beers and the misters, I remember becoming extremely hungry at one point and I ordered a plate of Mozzarella sticks. WOW they were good, again I was under the influence, but honestly they were amazing. Going to check back in here shortly and update this review.
5	This place was fantastic. My girlfriend and I stopped in here yesterday after walking around downtown for quite awhile. One of the best Irish Pub's I've been to in the valley. Had a great, friendly atmosphere with plenty of tv's playing various sports, and of course the races for betting. Great selection of beers on tap and in bottles. I also noticed a really good variety of liquors, especially whiskeys and scotches. We had the fish and chips, fish was very fresh and the steak fries were good. They also make this homemade mac and cheese that was highly recommended by the staff, and for good reason. The prices are very reasonable for the quality, and it looks like they have good happy hour rates. I'd recommend trying this place if you're ever in the area or looking for a solid Irish Pub experience.
4	Well, The Turf certainly was a fun, little pub. I had never heard of it, but my boyfriend's band played there last Friday, so I stopped by.It has a nice atmosphere, with a variety of seating areas. I really appreciated that I was able to grab a table just as I walked in.You can see the stage from almost every seat in the place, and the sound carries quite well. I think I can speak for myself and for the guys in the band when I say that we look forward to returning to The Turf!Oh! And the prices were quite reasonable too-- I ordered a drink and an appetizer, and I think my bill was only about $12! And-- I discovered that they have a breakfast menu. Gonna see if I can get them to make me a waffle next time I am there drinking! ;-) (Just kidding!.... or am I?!)
5	Amazing breakfast!!! Fun fellow bar patrons! And Troy, the bartender, is so fun and nice and speedy! General manager came and introduced himself, I love it here!!! Come!
1	I used to be a fan of the Turf. I would go for Off Track Betting (OTB) with a group of friends. That was always a good time. I went a few weeks back and the bartender told me that they are trying to get away from the "bar" element of the Turf and make it more of a restaurant. That being said, the drink prices are going up considerably. A well drink will now be over $6. I doubt I will be back.
3	The only things nice about this place is the service. The waiters are really nice and always check multiple times during the dinner to make sure you have everything you need. However, the food here was not so great. I ordered the Irish Tacos, and felt like the meat came from a market deli; not to mention the tacos were super cold. It's disappointing because this place could have so much poetential. If you were to go here, only go there for refreshments and not the food.
5	Boyfriend had wanted to check this out for a while so we finally had the opportunity to go. The bartender was great and shook our hands which we appreciate. We sat at the bar and had the mozzarella sticks and the pretzel and both were delicious starts to the night. Its a great bar for hanging out with a group or bellying up and making new friends like we did. It was an awesome spot and we will definitely be back.
3	This is the 2nd visit for me.  The first didn't go so well, but I was there at an off time so I decided to give it another chance.  We arrived in the rain after being told on the phone that the kitchen was still serving on a weeknight around midnight.  They were in fact still serving the entire menu.  We ordered sliders and pretzels with beer mustard.  And of course beers.  They were both good standard bar food served with a smile.  They had a band playing and some kind of game club playing cards. Everyone seemed to be having a great time.  Including me and the 2 others with me.  There were obviously many locals here ( some in their pj's)  How could the neighborhood folks be wrong !!!
1	I have been going to Turf for years.  They recently changed management and the menu (twice now, actually).  The fish and chips used to be great--some of my favorite in the central Phoenix area.  Boy, are the F & C's lousy now---greasy, heavy breading and flavorless.  The hamburgers have good meat but also flavorless.  They got rid of the bacon and chocolate they had when they revised the menu the 1st time.  Booooo.  Everything is better with bacon!  And they got rid of my pub favorite: the steak sandwich.  The chicken wings are ridiculously huge and, again, not that great.  Plus no more steak fries, which my friend really liked.  The HH food menu is lacking and was really perturbed when I went there and they had no guacamole (a HH menu item).  The service has also gone downhill.  Husband waited 30 minutes for his flavorless hamburger.  The ONLY improvement is their wine selection got better. I will avoid eating here (will eat before I get there) in the future until they hopefully make some positive changes.  Please bring back some of the old menu items!  And go back to your old fish and chip recipe.
4	Great bar, fast and friendly service.  Try the hummus plate on the happy hour menu to start.  Simple and a great way to accompany a good cold, crisp pint.
5	Loved the service and atmosphere. Fun place to have a cocktail and listen to a live band. Would recommend.
4	Great bar with a nice downtown location and super friendly staff. There is plenty of seating either at the bar (comfy tweed barstools with ample purse hooks) or the main area (high leather booths, armchairs and couches). I haven't had the food but the drink prices are spot on incredibly cheap during happy hour. They usually have some sort of Irish bad or singer during the weekends. This is a fun spot to meet with a group before heading out downtown.
1	I used to love this place.  Came here with family and friends, always had a great time and good food. Not sure what happened but I'll NEVER come here again.  You could see thru the slice of ham.  The pancakes were at a minimum hours old.  $5 BloodyMary not worth the draw.  Don't waste your time.
5	I love this place. Traditional Irish bar, divey like you feel like you could run into your third grade teacher here and it's be totally chill.It's never too crowded but there's always a crowd. Live music by a gruff old dude, sometimes a super hipstery band that plays acoustic type and Irish type music. I come here when I just want a drink and to be reminded of home. It really reminds me of the places back east and in canada( where I'm from)Cheers! Try the full moon if you like blue moon!!
2	This was my first visit to The Turf for a meal. I was in the mood for a good Reuben and excitedly order just that! Boy was I disappointed at what came out: a fat riddled, tough, disgusting sandwich I would be embarrassed to call a Reuben. :( luckily it came with a side of fries to hold me over. I had the waitress take it back and ended up eating part of my friends fried fish dinner, which was pretty tasty. I also had a quarter of our other table mates cheeseburger which was ok. Would I come back for dinner? Probably not. I wasn't impressed. At all. If I'm in the mood for Irish fare I will be sticking with Tim Finnegans from now on, or Johnny Foxs Public House.
2	Went for lunch yesterday.....As far as the food was concerned, it was average. Nothing special at all. The Fruit-ke-bob was a cool idea as a side, and the seasoned waffle frys were yummy, but neither were very innovative and amazing. The Reuben was thick sliced corned beef and thousand Island on Marble rye. Big whoop. (Couldn't carry the lunchbox of the Rueben at Windsor, see my review of that)Atmosphere.. dark and closed off. Could let more light in for the lunch crowd.Service, my waiter acted like he would prefer to be anywhere else in the world. Common for servers, as I was one once myself way back when I was a little girl, but he did a poor job of hiding his true sentiment to his job.What REALLY took me back about this place was that there was a patron that literally passed out on the floor (unrelated medical issue) and the restaurant staff did NOTHING to help her. Absolutely NOTHING. The bartender dropped off a glass of OJ with simple syrup in it and walked away. No cold rag, no offer of assistance, no compassion or concern whatsoever. Heres your glass of OJ, good luck with that...type attitude. I really couldn't believe that. As a result of that alone, I would never spend another dollar in an establishment that shows ZERO level of concern for a patron that passes out and is laying on the floor and the staff does nothing.
5	A late night industry hangout vibe. I've driven by this place several times without ever venturing in. I went with several friends last night and loved it. Wasn't super busy and the bartender was efficient. Low key and super friendly patrons. Try a shot of Jameson with pickle juice! Yummy combo.
4	The Turf is a great Irish bar; the kind of bar you would expect when walking into a true Irish bar. Guiness on draft tastes great. Lots of different whiskey. Nice and dark on the inside. And the food is quality. They have great burgers, sandwiches (turkey bacon!) and a Southwest chicken salad that is great.
4	This is a great place to have a cold brew or a nice drink. It has a good atmosphere and the staff at the bar are great. They are friendly, fun, and knowledgeable. The best part is the music, great selection. If your looking for a good selection of whiskey this is the place.Plus where can you go where the bartender can tie his own bowtie. As the Doctor says... "Bowties are cool!"
4	They have great burgers and sandwiches. Definitely a place to come back to. Not too much parking around that isn't an hour parking.
4	My brother took me here speaking love for this place. I've always seen this place whenever I was on the way to PPM, but never stopped by. Its actually really nice. Mind you I went there an hour before close, but regardless it was an awesome experience. The bartender, Jessie, was a cool chap. It seemed like he really knew his stuff. It was also nice to see that they used actual beer glasses and served only imports on tap. The atmosphere in this place is awesome. This is what a pub should look like.My only gripe is that prices could be a bit better, but other than that this is a solid place to get a drink. :)
5	For me I like a nice quit place for business lunch with good quick service and great food.  Also evenings and weekends a happening place with live music.  Note they have free parking in the lot just east for turf only.  Some awesome specials all the time and a great atmosphere all around.  I keep coming back...
2	The bartender is terrible replace him and save your business. This visit and my last i had to deal with this guy. He's worthless, rude, and short with the patrons. Such a beautiful bar with great food, but the bar tender is forcing me to head west to Seamus Mcaffreys.
5	Good place to grab a bite for lunch and has a nice feel! I have eaten here twice and both times got the Reuben and it was good no complaints although this time the waffle fries were way to crispy as they were over cooked. Both times we have sat up at the bar and although we were only drinking ice water and ordering food we got good service. Todays visit was perfect and the bar tender kept our water glasses full and was very attentive to us.
5	So the coleslaw wasn't for me... but then again I just remembered I don't like coleslaw no matter how good it is!  Everything was pretty awesome.I went here on multiple occasions a year ago and was so disappointed. It had a great atmosphere, but trashy clientele and guests seemed over served. I visited twice this month and I wasn't crazy impressed the first time at night. But second the time for lunch.Bartenders name was Jesse. (only awesome people have this name!)You could tell improvements had been made. I went on a lunch this week and OMG! YES!Service was fine dining status. Business people were using their phone technology to make appointments and the environment was sophisticated which I thought this place would never have. Bartender was way attentive and presentation was on point. My fish and chips were very fish and chippy which is what I wanted! yay! malt vinegar? yes please! Linens at a bar?!..oh yeah!I can see my food being made and could tell kitchen was clean. I was impressed. Total 180 degrees from a year ago. Must have changed a lot.This place is a competitor so keep an eye on it. I'm sure it's just going to get betterI'm sure it wasn't easy, but great work peeps!
3	The Turf is your standard American "Irish Pub" and one of several options to choose from in Downtown phoenix.I've always had good service at this place whether waitresses or bartenders.  Happy Hour specials are decent and the whiskey selection is good.  Beers on tap include the standard english/irish selections with a couple locals.Atmosphere is dim but cozy.This place would probably be a solid 4 star place for the reasons above but the food just isn't that great.  It isn't bad but it is just so distinctly average that it's hard for me to justify coming back here with so many other options in the general vicinity.There's nothing inherently wrong with this place - it's a standard "irish" pub.  I'll be back for drinks but likely eat somewhere else before or after.
3	The Turf is an Irish Pub in downtown Phoenix. On Thursdays they have live music, and it seems that everyone in the bar is musically inclined. The band was really good, fun, and helped the dark atmosphere by lighting it up.Now, service wise.. it was kind of tough to grab out waitress. We went up to the bar several times instead of waiting for her. Maybe we were in her blind spot? Or she has a lot of other work going on we are unaware of.. making it hard to keep track of tables. If this improves one more star for you!And as for my closing remarks...The beers are as much as the liquor drinks? What what.
4	Great hidden brunch spot! Football on every t.v. but not over crowded. Awesome pigs in a blanket. Aka traditional irish syle local made sausage wrapped in puff pastry with yummy house made mustard turf sauce. French toast was really good and crispy with sweet whipped butter. Good service, Tony is on point!
2	I went to Turf today to try their happy hour. They have a limited food menu for happy hour. I picked the American sliders which are regularly 3 for $8 and 3 for $5 on happy hour or so I thought. It was a bit of a bait and switch when I only got 2 sliders and a half of a handful of frys. The explanation was Turf is changing its menu, then it was happy hour is a smaller portion. Bait and Switch pure and simple and it wasn't made right even after I brought it to the bartender's attention. The food was good but I hate feeling like I've been cheated. So 2 stars, 3, I don't know.
3	I've been coming here since they opened several years ago...I think 2010?  Heard it was owned by the same people who own Seamus.  Its like a more upscale Seamus.  At first, they were great.  They had great happy hour drink (imperial pints for $4), 1/2 off appetizers that were meals.  You could get your buzz on and eat for less than $15.  Great place for after work.  Waitresses were very attentive and friendly.   They added OTB, and it was real fun betting ponies.  THey had pretty decent live music.  Then about  2 years ago, they must have had a change in management, because all the familiar waitresses and bar tenders were gone.  Menu went through a couple incarnations. They were less friendly.  Then later the got rid of the OTB to attract the younger hipster crowd, I guess.  Makes sense if that were the case, with Angels Trumpet opening just a few doors down.  I found myself going to Turf less and less, because I found I had less and less a good time, each time I went.I can't put my finger on it, but Turf has lost its mojo, and there are better places to go that are in the same general area.I recommend at least giving it a try.
4	Dropped in here for a quick drink after my workout and watched the end of a football game. They have a nice selection of beer and whisky and the staff is great. I enjoyed a black and tan and a shot while I watched the end of the Raiders game and went on my way a happier man. My current diet don't allow this often, but I'll be back again when I feel entitled to a treat.
5	This is a great spot in northern downtown Phoenix. We often go here when central downtown is packed. It has a great atmosphere, good food, and a really great beer selection. They also have free wifi, which is a huge plus! This is a great location to watch a football game or catch up with friends. My only complaint is that not all the seats are all that comfortable. In regards to their food, everything we have tried has been very good. They have some of the best chicken tenders around and their burgers are delicious. I definitely recommend this place.
3	The pretzel is the best I've ever had! Yet the service ruins it. Come here to drink not eat
