3	State Farm David Masters is where I get my insurance.State Farm is not the cheapest but they do pay claims when I have had the misfortune to need them.David is an excellent insurance agent and has made the higher prices worth it.  He usually calls back within a day if I have a question.
5	Highly recommended to everyone.  Very accommodating to every need we had in addition to insurance policies.  He and his staff extend themselves and put our interests above his.
2	I've been insured with State Farm since I started driving 12 years ago and never have I had a problem until my husband and I switched to the Dave Master's office after moving three years ago. The people in the office never answer their phone and most calls are returned late, if at all. To actually speak with someone, I've had to physically go to their office. The last time I went to their office, I left work early on a Wednesday to try to get there before they closed. I arrived at 4:30. The office was closed even though their hours state they are open until 5. Today I received a phone call from someone in the office who said she was returning my call. It was actually my husband who called and left a message, not me. Since I had her on the phone though, I thought I could ask her a few questions. Instead of answering my questions, she became very short and tried to talk over me. I told her to call my husband (who, as a law student, is just going to question her more thoroughly than I did). There are so many other agents in the area that have to be more reliable than this company. I'm sure Dave is a great agent, but his office staff is the worst. If the phone doesn't get picked up and our questions can't get answered (without attitude I might add), what would happen if we filed a claim? There are too many agents in the Pittsburgh area to stick with an office that is unreliable - we're moving on from Dave Masters.**Update: After posting this review my husband and I switched our insurance over to another State Farm agent.
