4	A few of my Spanish friends were grilling out last weekend and we had to pick up some meat, charcoal, and veggies to cook.  I headed in the direction of Food Lion and Jose navigated me to The Atlantic Farmers Market.  It is mostly a Spanish grocery, but it is so worth checking out.  If I ever wanted to play Mexican for a night I would definitely go here for tortillas, avocado, and salsa.  It is so authentic.  When we arrived at the deli, Jose began to tell the butcher exactly what we wanted in Spanish, but just to see, I asked for a few things in English.  Turns out most of the bilingual so there is no real language gap.  I really enjoyed this culturally enhancing experience and so will you.
3	The Atlantic Farmer's Market is a weird, wonderful place to shop. They specialize in Spanish and Asian foods, and they carry a lot of interesting, exotic items that it's hard to find in our Harris Teeters and Food Lions. It smells a little weird around the seafood area, but the wild selection of sea creatures compensates for the aroma. It reminds me of walking down Canal Street in New York City...there's stuff still moving in some of the containers. You don't get fresher!The Mexican foods are a lot of fun, and you can find interesting things to experiment with creating your own Mexican goodies. I tried canned tamales from this store for the first time. They're super easy...open the can, warm them up, peel the corn husks, and eat! The prices are pretty good, and the staff is friendly. If you're feeling adventurous, I'd check it out.
2	This isn't a farmer's market.  It's a very low-end grocery store.  Which is fine!  But I won't be going back because the combined smell of garbage and dead fish could kill a horse and I know where else I can buy cheap and fresh corn tortillas.
3	It's a little stinky, and the layout is mixed and odd, but for convenience, price, and sweet service, I come here damn near weekly. Most of the produce is of Mexican/Chinese source, so if you aren't a GMO fan, this is the wrong place to shop. However, what you lose in evolutionary purity, you make up for in price: Roma tomatoes, in the middle of winter, for $.49 a pound. And they were almost as good as they were gassed to look.The Mexican groceries are (obv) where this place excels. Quite possibly the most comprehensive collection of dried chiles I've seen in Charlotte. 3-4 brands of pickled jalapeno to choose from. Tortillas of every kind in abundance. Entire fridge case of Mexican/Latino cheese and dairy, in a range of quality and price. One isle is devoted to Asian products and canned goods, and most of your classics are there: Huy Fong sauces, coconut milk, curry pastes, noodles, at the same prices you'd pay at Overseas or International.What's interesting is that their standard grocery section is a bit overpriced: for frozen pizza, snacks, pet food, etc, you'd be better off across the street at Food Lion.
4	This grocery store is not for the faint of heart. It's very old school, you feel a little uneasy at night walking to your car. There's a Walmart in the same parking lot. That's a whole 'nother review. (blech)I go to any Latin grocery store for my sugar, it's a product from Mexico, Zulka, cane sugar, I love it. So, I popped in last night, I was in the neighborhood. I thought I had already written a review and taken photos.  I will be on a mission to take some pics now.  Come to think of it, there are probably some lurking around in my photo albums. Anyhoo.  I love this store, it's vast and seedy.  It is totally on the expensive side if you buy their American groceries, but it's the bombdilly if you buy the international products.The whole reason for my review, I wanted to tell everyone in the freezer there are pierogies.  Many flavors to choose from, basic potato, chicken, beef and OMG, never before have I seen them, bing cherry! I can't wait to taste them.  I want to make a spicy chicken dish with bing cherry pierogies. Muy bueno.And if you are ever in the market for a pinata, plenty to choose from.
5	I went in today for some dried beans, I bought everything to make lentil soup, my bill was $8.53. The produce is fantastic with great prices. I am so tired to the expensive vanilla grocery stores and broke down Wal Mart. Ay, ay ay.
4	It's about 100 feet away from my hood, so we shop here a lot. Super affordable and it carries a lot of foods that shouldn't be hard to find, but are. They have a dollar aisle full of salad dressings and canned things that are on clearance. The store is pretty clean, but it has that slaughtered fish smell at times. It's not really a "farmer's market", more like a grocery store...think a little bit like Aldi, and a lot like Compare Foods.
3	So the Atlantic Farmers Market is probably not really what you think of when you think of "Farmers Market".  For one, most markets are bright and airy and give you this feeling of walking in a meadow of flowers or something.  Step through the doors here and you are blasted with a stink of god knows what.If you think that smell turned me away, then you have not been reading for the last 800-odd reviews, because we checked out every inch of the place, and there is plenty to like here.  It just is not a market like anything you are used to seeing.The place is huge, and I am not sure that I would buy much from the clearance aisle, because the entire building is like clearance from everywhere, but more power to those who can.  Just bring your own Fabreze.
4	Do not be afraid....ok be a little afraid...yes this is a bad neighborhood at night but during the day just roll right in. I went here looking for the squishy Mexican soft cheese for quesadillas for a party and was SHOCKED to find a hidden gem of fresh veggies, hard to find marinades and gorgeous meat department. You have to like to cook to come to a store like this. HT you suck! Atlantic has regular groceries too in addition to the huge veggie department like fabric softener etc. There are a million pinatas BTW if you are in the market for something over-the-top for your parties. The prices are super cheap and the quality is top-notch.
4	Atlantic Farmers Market is the absolute best place to get those authentic Mexican ingredients needed for your dish.  I was amazed at all the fresh produce and also the more bizarre fruits that seriously I haven't seen since I last vacationed in Mexico.  Cool!  Don't go here if you are phobic and need super cleanliness and trendy marketing.  It's a dated grocery store and converted from an old Bi-Lo probably.  I was surprised to see all the kitchenware for sale here as well.  They also have a jewelry counter if the feeling strikes you to pick up a new gold chain or watch during your visit.  Super friendly service makes happy to visit this place over and over again.....not to mention they had a young lady making up cheese & lettuce based corn tortillas to sample hot off the pan!  Full size samples too....not that Sam's Club or Costco teaser crap!
4	Great store with lots of different veggies that normally wouldn't be sold at a larger store plus great selections of speciality meat plus a fun selection of $1 items and spices.
4	Ok, we have to give this place some credit, the name is misleading, it is an international grocery store, NOT a farmers market. It even says "international grocery" on the outside. The word Atlantic means, transatlantic...Are we registering? We can't use a pure American mindset on this one. I do have to agree that there is odor in this place, but it is NOT nearly as bad as 99% of ethnic grocery stores!! They look like they do a pretty decent job at organizing their food and try to be clean, I smell bleach when I was there tonight as they are getting ready to close down. After we finished at the checkout counter a woman took a wet towel and wipe down the whole counter before she closed down for the night, seriously this is not bad, I am not sure if Harris Teeter even do this. We just have to be open minded when it comes to ethnic stores.I do have to say, about at least 1/3 of the store is not food, it'd be household goods like toilet paper, soaps and such...which is a tad disappointing because I was really hoping for a larger variety of international produce. It seems like they have a good bit of Asian grocery and Mexican grocery here, I'd say more Mexican than Asian. The price here is pretty low, I bought a peanut butter flavored beef hide bone here for my dog for $1...pssh I'd get one for my dog everyweek at this price. Oh, and this is the only international grocer that I know of that sells pet products, extra points!If you want an awesome international grocery store(Japanese, Chinese, Korean, Vietnamese, Mexican, European, Middle Eastern and Indian goods) I'd suggest Super G Mart or Grand  Asia. However, this place has a fair amount of products that are cheaper that either of the two places. They can work on getting more variety, but for now I guess this place is a OK by me.
