5	The chicken is excellent: juicy and spicy, quite like Romados or Coco Rico. You can't beat the price, either. You can eat like a king for less than 10$. I prefer Romados over this place (and Coco Rico), but it is still very good. Plus, it's nice that it's in a different location. Coco Rico and Romados are both very close to each other. It's nice to have another option in a different part of town.
5	Portuguese Chicken at its finest. The sauce on the chicken was impeccable.Ordered a whole chicken for $30 (takeout is $25). It easily fed 4 people and we gorged ourselves. should be no problem filling up a group of 5. The chicken is cooked to perfection. It perfectly moist and drenched in a savory sauce.It comes with a full plate of well seasoned fries, and a full plate of salad (simple leafs with tomato, onion and sweet dressing)The calamari appetizer was excellent too. Comes drenched in onion bits and sauce. You'll want to use bread to lick this plate clean when you're done.Dessert:- Flan was good- Tarts were excellent as expected (there was a whole tray of them at the pay counter and I couldn't resist)
4	Great  food and decent service.A chicken sandwich, salad and a generous service of chips and an orange juice costs $10.30.The sandwich had just the right amount of spice and was delicious.Unfortunately, they wouldn't take VISA. Luckily I had some cash on me.
5	Love this place! Ever since Romados burned, the quality and portions have also suffered so I discovered this place. The owners and workers are from northern Portugal, therefore a little more Loose-Lipped. They are loud but friendly, its that kind of love. Service is more casual but very complete. More importantly, the food : INSANE! It's really good and shhhhhh but it might even be better chicken than Romados lol some people may not agree but it's really good. They have a quaint terrasse in the front, the colors are tacky but fun. It's like the place was painted in the Portuguese colors by mistake but because it's such a chill ambiance, it works. If you want a full plate where you go home well fed for $10, sure thing! Plus they have take out so its a great alterntaive to the usual. If your hungry and in the area, gotta stop by. Not one of those fancy dressed places but great for a night out either way with a date or even a party would work.Check out the Sumol drinks...mind blowing!
4	Frango Nirvana. Rambled into this place for lunch and knew right away that the first dish you order has to be the BBQ chicken. I went for the half chicken plate and it was a mountain of food. I chose the chicken spicy and it was perfect not quite a lip-burn but enough to get your attention. The bird was delicious-flattened, moist and crispy; the fries hot and tasty. I didn't touch the rice...rice and potatoes is starch overload. The salad was buried under the fries with a little too much 1000 Island-like dressing. The decor is heavily soccer (futbol) paraphernalia with a real homey feel to place. This is a place for neighborhood family food at it's Portuguese best. Don't forget to buy a custard pastry (pastel de nata) at the cash on the way out. I had that treat at my desk mid-afternoon with coffee.
