3	I've tried this Fatburger location twice now. Both times just a 3 star. While they do have HUGH burgers, they also have little burgers for the kids & the lil eaters. Burgers have all sorts of items you can put on. I have felt both time that their burgers are a little bland and very greasy, and their chili cheese fries are about par. 24 hr DT.
4	I like their burgers. The food is cooked fresh to order. I have been inside once and the place was spotless clean!! I usually go through the drive through but it takes a long time to get the food. I guess it's because they don't make anything until you order it. I like the skinny fries but they sometimes have a funny taste, I think it's from the oil.
3	Burgers are ok but they are a little overpriced and can really vary in taste depending on who's on the grill. They also take a while to make and if it's busy you might have to wait about 25 minutes for your order. You could probably get the same burger at Ihop or Denny's for the same price at 2am.
4	First time eating at any Fatburger. This place is great! I had a delicious turkey burger, which exceeded my expectations. The food is made to order, so you do have to wait. But you know the food has not been quietly growing stale and dry in an aluminum bin like in fast food restaurants. The cook actually brought the order out to the table, which was unexpected! My only criticism is that the restaurant did not have good air circulation and had a stuffy feeling.
4	Very good food and service the people were very nice but when I looked down I saw the floor.was dirty  but I will be back you you
4	This Fatburger is close to home and has been on a "GOTO" list for a couple of family members.  So, we dragged the crew down for burgers and fries.  Everyone seemed to like what they ordered and I stuck to an Iced Tea.  I stay away from carbs on most days but, I came close to ordering the skinny fries and a burger as they looked so good.  I can tell you that everyone was happy with their order.  They liked it so much they decided to bring a burger home to have for later.Maybe on my one day I can eat the carbs, I'll return and mow down a burger or two.
4	I had been craving a Fat Burger for about two weeks and finally decided to give in. I was surprised when I got there that I was the only customer there. It was about 2pm and maybe that had something to do with it. There were two people working there and both were very friendly. I ordered the Large Combo. That is 1/2 pound of meat. It did not take very long to get my food at all. As a matter of fact it was brought to my table.The burger was flavorful and tender, and had the right amount of crust around the edge. It was also very juicy and cooked just right. Each and every fry was golden brown and had a nice crunch to them. I just hate under cooked fries and these were not. These were wonderful. I did love the food here, but I left off one star because of the decor. It is just another fast food restaurant as far as that goes. It was clean though.
4	First time here.  Employees were friendly and food was made fresh.  Burgers were huge and tasty.  Skinny chili cheese fries were awesome.  Hubby had fat fries.  Chocolate milkshake was ok.  It was vanilla ice cream with chocolate syrup.  Doesn't anyone make it with real chocolate ice cream anymore?
4	This place is always empty but the food is always fresh it takes a long time to cook the food .   But the fries are always amazing   . The place is always clean
1	We went through the drive through the Lady handed me the bag,First she forgot my sodasSecond I asked for two large and two mediums and she gave me all mediums.Third when I got home I was missing my fries.That's why I hate drive through
4	Passed by this place a zillion times without a thought of stopping since I'm a Carl's Jr fan. Finally tried it the other day because my husband wanted to go and I was pleasantly surprised! The burgers are made fresh to order and they are juicy and flavorful. The shakes are made with real ice cream, not the nasty powdered stuff most fast food places use. But they use vanilla ice cream to make a chocolate shake and it wasn't very "chocolatey". So the next time I went I asked for extra chocolate syrup and it was a perfect choc shake. The employees are nice and aim to please. Glad I tried Fatburger!
2	Extremely overpriced for what you get. Not nearly as good as it's hyped up to be. Ate here once and I will not return. There are much better alternatives IMO. Only myself and one other family eating yet the tables were all dirty. No combo deals, you add what you want to your burger and end up paying for each item!
2	Good, overpriced burger joint on Nellis and Vegas Valley. This is not a $ IMHO; it should be $$ since you are paying near $10/burger. It's not a good neighborhood so get your burger to go. Get you drinks at the McDonald's across the street since they're going for $1 these days...My bottom line? If taste means that much and you cannot possibly go 1 extra  mile north up Nellis to get to an equally flavorful contender at In-N-Out, then knock yourself out spending that discretionary gas money on a Fatburger special. Otherwise, move on down the road in either direction (In-N-Out to the north, Original Tommy's to the south) and get a competitive burger with gas money in tact. The true rating for me on this is actually 2.4 stars for demerits re: location, price and not compensating for surrounding competition...
3	I Wanted to try something new so I headed to this fat burger location. The place was empty but I like how they played oldies in the restaurant! The burger was good except they jammed my patty with a lot of pickles! I can stand 1 or 2 pickles but not a whole avalanche of them in my patty. Their regular fries tasted ok except some tasted like cardboard....
