5	Thanks for straightening me out!  Literally :)
4	in and out.  Very easy but no insurance taken.
5	Ever since going to the Joint I feel much better. The staff is friendly. I'm in and out quickly. I've recommended the joint to many people.
5	Emeliah gives this place 5 stars. She's so sweet, and remembers your name after one visit. She even remembers the previous stories you shared from 3 months ago. She's very caring and really strong.
5	Dr. Emeliah Hanson is one of the best chiropractors I have ever used! she is excellent using low force technique and has helped me dramatically after several injuries. I highly recommend you take the time to go visit "The Joint"!
5	Dr. Emeliah Hanson is incredible!  We found her a couple of years ago when my back problems began and I'm soooo thankful that we did!  I'm now a regular and would recommend her to absolutely anyone!  Caring, considerate, and great at what she does - I just really can't say enough about Emeliah and what she's done to help me regain my mobility.
5	I've had chiropractic off and on for years but The Joint is a refreshing change from the normal. In my life it's impossible to keep appointments, and with The Joint I don't have to make them. Their rates are as low as my Co pays and neither of us has to deal with insurance. I'm always in and out in under 10 minutes. Dr. Hanson is highly skilled and gentle. One of the best I've seen and I look forward to my adjustments.
5	Love getting my weekly adjustment!
5	I usually forget to check in on Yelp but I am addicted to this place.  Snap, crackle, pop!
5	Dr. Hanson is one of the top chiropractors I have ever been to. She is very compassionate and really spends time working and finding all the things that are wrong. It never fails when my headaches or back aches she diagnoses it without me even saying and pops everything back into place. And she always follows up with some stretching, muscle pressure or massage to set everything. What I love most is it's all walk-in and no insurance. My insurance copay for chiro is $35 and the Joint only charges $29 per visit or better yet, I buy a group of 10 at once at a discount so it's even easier to prepay and just stop in anytime. Great concept, great doctors. I started at the Scottsdale location and hear from friends that the Camelback location is super too. So far 3/3!
