4	Akahana lives up to its billing as an Asian Bistro and far exceeds the (admittedly low) expectations I had for it.When I drove by the strip mall at the corner of Plaza 7 Central and saw that Akahana had opened I made a mental note to try it, but for some reason did not think it would be anything fantastic. So two days later, when we were trying to decided what to do for dinner and decided to head down the street to eat there I wasn't holding my breath. And you know what, I was completely wrong.The decor is vibrant and inviting, giving Akahana a swank feeling that one does not generally find in strip malls. The servers were prompt and polite, though a bit green around the edges. And the menu, well lets just say it was expansive. It was far from the standard sushi offerings + General Tso's chicken  that I was expecting.We both ended up going with Thai dishes. I ordered the Seafood Curry w/Scallops, however the server must have confused my order and I ended up with the combination Seafood Curry which has scallops, shrimp & calamari. I enjoyed it, but I feel the need to point it out since so many people have allergies to specific types of seafood. The BF got Spicy Basil chicken and the meat was unbelievably tender. Neither dish was swimming in sauce which allowed the flavors to remain balanced and the vegetables were all fresh and crisp. The Crab Wonton appetizers were warm and flaky with plenty of delicious filling. We decided to be extra indulgent and order a spicy salmon roll as well to get an idea of their sushi prowess. The waitress and sushi chef must have had a misunderstanding because we ended up with a salmon tamaki cone instead, but the fish was so deliciously fresh that neither of us really cared. The whole meal, for those of you keeping track, thats two entrees, one appetizer and two beers (she took the sushi off the bill without being asked since they messed up the order) plus tax and tip, ran me $50, which is certainly not unreasonable. I Look forward to returning to Akahana to sample more of their ample menu and I love that I don't need to leave my own delightful neighborhood to do so.
4	We went here on a Wednesday evening and the ambiance was great.  Just the right amount of lighting.  Lots of tables for couples to larger groups.  I spotted a traditional Japanese dining room in the back, near the bathrooms, which would be a cool thing to do with a bunch of people.  The restaurant just opened so they didn't have draft beer yet but the hot tea was perfect for a cold winter night and the wine & mixed drink menu looked comprehensive.  Everything we ordered was very good - garlic crusted calamari, miso soup, three sushi rolls (Dragon which is shrimp/eel, spicy tuna, Mary which is like a California roll).  Service was very good - not pretentious - I think we saw some CAST actors working as well as some other Plaza Midwood neighborhood faces.  I hope this place survives since the location seems to be cursed like the Cursed Pirate Girl (Jeremy Bastian reference y'all).  And check out the used book store next door if you have time - just watch out for their puss who, like most pusses, can be cranky when approached the wrong way.  Cheerio!
4	I really enjoyed my dinner at Akahana. The menu is flavorful and creative. The drink list is extensive and impressive. The decor is hip and trendy. This is a great spot for girls night out or a nice date with someone special. I ordered sushi for my main course and it was delicious! I would rank Akahana right up there with Ru Sans or Pisces. I will definitely be back very soon.
4	Y'all we went back and tried the sushi a bit more extensively. I have to say that if you are looking for a good fresh sushi experience, you are in the right place.  Their maki come with 8 pieces so I highly recommend mixing in some of their under $5 2-piece nigiri selections (smelt or flying fish roe, what what!). They are fond of adding tempura and avacado to things which cut the menu down for me, but there were still plenty of selections and they were tasty as can be.Oh, and I wanted to hug our server. She was just the cheeriest girl I ever did meet.
3	The Good: The vibe is good inside- especially considering that it is in a strip mall. It does not look like Cuban Pete's or any of the other restaurants that have died there. It looks good.There is a random hidden room (near the bathrooms) that looks like it would be a great room for a private party.The sushi is average to above average. I had the Floridian- I thought it was good, it could have been spicier though.The menu is big- so non-sushi friends can still tag along.The prices are reasonable- on Tuesdays and Thursdays a lot of the sushi is half off.I want to like this place. I want a little sushi place in Plaza Midwood- people want this to work.The Bad:It is average. The only reason why I will go back is because it is so close to my house and the competition is not strong in the area.The waitress was sweet. Incredibly sweet. However, she informed us that she does not eat sushi. She did not know the menu. She was unable to offer suggestions. She looked in over her head. It was like having a vegan server at a steak house. It just didn't work.I think this place can do well- even with average sushi- but they really need to have better service. Average food and average service does not make a lasting restaurant in a strip mall.
4	I have eaten here twice today; the food is that good. My friend suggested this place for lunch. I had the Spicy Lemongrass Chicken, which was delicious, but not spicy. While looking over the menu, we saw that Akahana has hibachi. My friend texted his wife (a big hibachi fan), and we decided to come back for dinner. At dinner all five of us enjoyed our meals. For dinner, I had the Spicy Basil Chicken (again, not spicy except for the jalapenos mixed in). The service was decent, but could have been better. But the food and the atmosphere are fantastic. This is another great restaurant choice in Plaza Midwood. I defintely recommend anyone to enjoy dinner here.
3	I'm usually so sketch about pan-asian-touring menus and, yikes, 12 dollar + entrees in a strip mall 'rant  but for lunch, this place was solid and pretty affordable. If you have indecisive pals, either leave them at home or bring them with the understanding that you're doing the ordering - the menu is gargantuan. There's a little RuSan biting happening here what with all the orange and clubby hits pumping in the background, not to mention the insanely large menu, but they def aren't observing the cheap rule - so either come prepared or come for lunch, when everything is available in half-orders for 7 and up. Kind of odd that all the prices are base and you have to search for what your protein of choice will cost in addition - ah, there it is, up at the top of the section in small print, yeesh.There are actually some Veg specialty rolls on the menu - omg - but they're 'spensive - Veg Tempura roll was 9 bucks and was more tempura than Veg (which, admittedly, was kinda awesome).There's soba and udon to be had, noodle lovers! All traditional fish broth, so no soup for me.We went with Sesame Tofu (because I'm kind of afraid of ordering curry here) and lordy lordy, it was perfect - all too sweet, coated and fried and oozing. A half order was a challenge to finish and I can't imagine feeling differently even at dinnertime - I'd love to see them permanently implement half/full order options instead of lunch/dinner pricing. Then, I could have my Japan and China both and leave a fat, happy American.
3	Went here for dinner the other night.  I had the massaman curry which was tasty but not served hot enough (temperature-wise).  We had a lovely waitress who was well-versed on the menu and, in general, I thought the service was great.  My main beef was with the menu.  Every combination and permutation of asian food is on here.  And that's not so good. When a restaurant has a menu this large, I immediately think it is not living up to its potential because it is spreading itself too thin.  It makes more sense to do a few things extremely well then a million things kind-of ok.  In an effort to please every possible restaurant-goer, the restaurant loses it's identity and does itself a disservice.  Is this a Thai place?  Sushi?  Chinese?  I have no idea.  I hope this place resolves its identity crisis and pares down the menu because I would love to see a restaurant (other than Subway) on this little corner of the Plaza succeed.
5	My husband & I both live in Plaza Midwood and have been wanting a restaurant like this to show up for so long!!  We have been 3 times since they have opened.  While we have only had the sushi, it has always been very good.  The servers are very nice.  We would highly recommend this restaurant.  Very big menu ... even for those non sushi lovers.  I hope this place makes it as we will be back very soon!!  Please check out this restaurant and support Plaza Midwood!!
3	Went back with El Husbando and discovered that:Unsurprisingly, rolls are half the size on BOGO night. Anything labeled "small/large" can be ordered in those proportions during dinner hours - "lunch/dinner" cannot.Ma Po tofu is brown sauce with dried red pepper flakes. Still nowhere in CLT making this dish properly.Akahana performed up to its solid, safe pan-Asian rep. Let's see if it lasts.
2	Such a large menu, which covers several different Asian cuisines, is always a red light to me. I really don't believe any kitchen can specialize in Tai, Chinese, Vietnamese AND Japanese cooking. Therefore I ordered sushi, fried tofu & hibachi. The sushi was really good; fresh & well-made. The hibachi was fine, a big plate of meat, rice & stir fried veggies, all fresh. The fried food was inedible. My tofu was flavorless. I wanted a light, panko-battered dish served crispy and hot, sprinkled with fish flakes. I got lumps of lukewarm tofu rolled in corn meal, cooked off quickly and not even given a sprinkle of salt. My companion's fried softshell crabs were just as awful. Once again, flavorless, cold and definitely not fresh.I think this place could be successful if they specialized in the late night crowd--drunk and starving and looking to fill their bellies at 3 in the morning--because apart from the sushi,  Akahana is little more than an Asian Denny's.
4	Short and Sweet:Customer Service is so-so. It could be better. But they're mostly busy when I go here.The sushi is awesome. The menu is huge. There is also plenty for non-sushi people.It's on the pricey side for being in Plaza-Midwood. It's a little more expensive than Jade on some rolls.Basically:If you don't care too much about paying for good sushi and don't get your feelings hurt on customer service.
4	The menu is very extensive, so if you don't prefer sushi there are many options to choose from. We did have sushi and it was great, it seemed very fresh (which is something you want in sushi).  The decor is warm and inviting. The service was great, no complaints. The only minor issue we had was that our second round of drinks took longer than expected.
3	After four visits, I'm still not sure how to feel about Akahana.  The portions are generous, the drink specials tend to be good, and the sushi is very solid.  The service is less awesome, and the chef is kind of a [euphemism].Does this add up to a 3?  Let's see:The menu seems to be around 55 pages long.  Maybe not 55 pages, but it's a tome.  There are a wide variety of southeast-asian dishes; some you're familiar with, some you likely aren't.  Everything I've had has been solid but not exemplary, nothing's been bad, and I've never sent anything back.(Except for a bottle of sake once -- it had gone south, it was awful, and I really don't want to think about it.)The sushi's quality is good, but not as good as can be had elsewhere for the appropriate premium.  I'd say it's fairly priced, maybe even a little cheap if you count the buy-one get-one-free sushi roll nights (Tuesday and Thursdays, limited selection of rolls).  Some of the rolls are creative, some standard.The spicy tuna is, as advertised, spicy.The atmosphere seems to be aiming for somewhere this side of a dance club.  Given some of the upright glass and the half-height dividers, it's perfect for a John Wu-style gun-fu shootout, especially with their typical music selection, which the kids might refer to as 'phat beats'.  I'm not sure whether this is a plus or a minus.  It's not a place where you're going to have a serious conversation.The service is, as mentioned above, less than stellar.  Often inattentive, obviously disinterested, not guaranteed to have heard what you ordered, but definitely not stressed about remembering it.Plentiful parking, and next to an incredibly well-supplied collection of wallet-draining used books.  Easy to get in and out of.Summary: Good food but not fantastic, iffy service, John Wu.  3.
3	Naturally, the first thing I do when trying out a new place is check out the reviews on Yelp and when I checked it out for Akahana, many people mentioned how bad the service was. I wanted to be the one who proved them wrong, the one to show everyone that Akahana would be my new, wonderful go to spot with terrific service but I'm sad to report I'm not that person. I don't know if it was because they are newer and are drawing in quite a crowd on Thursday nights and the servers are overwhelmed but the service was almost non existent. We practically had to flag down our waitress to give her our order, get refills, etc. and I contemplated throwing a chopstick at our server to get her attention but with my luck, that would've either a) turn into a lawsuit or b) get violently ill from sushi gone wrong. On the flip side, $17 for two rolls, a salad and a beer is A-Ok in my book. The sushi? Holy wonderful, fresh, yummyness batman! I was surprised by how fresh it was and how much flavor it had packed in the rolls. Some mentioned that the rolls on BOGO nights (Tuesdays and Thursdays) were smaller but I felt they were appropriate sized pieces for what they are charging (I can't remember the names exactly but got the Furious Dragon and Sweet Romeo roll). The downside about BOGO nights is that there isn't any vegetarian options on the BOGO menu and it says no substitutions on the menu. The vibe was good-very vibrant with orange walls, moderate volume music and packed. They have a moderate sized bar area complete with the regular stuff you would expect-ESPN, Japanese beers and specials galore. I will be back to check out Akahana.....but only when I have nothing planned afterwards so I won't mind waiting so long for my sush.
3	Wish I could do 2 and a half stars.....Went here for Thursday bogo night (yes it is only specific rolls and of those there are no vegetarian options????  WTF???).  But what I had was on the low-end of 'fine'.  The salmon when it came out in one of the rolls was room-temperature.  Hmmm....I had never experienced that before.  Not super appealing.  The rest was 'just fine' especially for those prices.  I liked the 'green' chopsticks - instead of the throw-aways they had plastic ones that were heftier.  Great job on that guys!  The bar service was better than the table service.  Try not to come at peak hours on bogo night and I am sure the service would be better.  There have been many establishments in this location and this is by far the best one.  I hope you stick around Akahana!!!  :-D
4	Good quality food. Great location for Plaza Midwood. The soup is fabulous.
4	Hey Akahana, lookit you, all sexy with your buy-one-get-one-free rolls on Tuesday and Thursday. Mmm. Yeah, you know what I like.So, I didn't try the rolls. During this Lenten season, I gave up sugar, both simple and complex, so no rice for me. However, I did try a wide spread, which was delectable.FOOD:Mmmmsashimi, you never let me down. Their sashimi platter was presented beautifully, with long strips of delicate fish, fashioned into rolls. Very fresh, no odor, and a lovely selection of your usual tuna, salmon, white fish, and mackrel. I also got the squid salad, which had just the right amount of ginger kick to it. The only disappointing part of my meal were the green mussels. I'd never seen this selection on a sushi menu before, so curious, I ordered them. They tasted just like regular mussels, but perhaps a bit more tough. Let-down. :( On the upside, they do make a fabulous dirty martini, and I hear good things about their $2 martini nights on Wednesdays. SERVICE: Attentive and playful, though not without fault. Was brought the wrong thing twice (wrong martini, and the clams nigiri-style instead of sashimi), but both instances were fixed in no time at all. We did feel like we were being rushed out towards the end. We did spend a while talking after the meal, but there were plenty of seats available, and we were still tossing back a few drinks, so it shouldn't have been an issue.ATMOSPHERE: Chique, club-like atmosphere, with bold colors, modern lighting, and a very nice back-lit bar. The sushi bar seems a little secluded from the rest of the restaurant, but overall, this place has a modern and sexy feel to it. PRICE: Average pricing for all items, but great deals on the specials mentioned beforehand. Definitely worth checking out.Overall:It's nice to know there's a  place where I stuff my face with decent sushi even when I'm broke. Thank you, Akahana.
3	Hit up Akahana again and can confirm that the sushi is still tops and that they still haven't a clue when it comes to fried food. BUT I must add that the Tom Kha Gai soup (Thai coconut chicken soup) was the BEST I've ever had on the East Coast. A meal in itself, it's sweet and savory, spicy and citric--so satisfying! I will definitely be back to sample more of the Thai offerings.
2	I was craving some basic sushi on my way back to Charlotte after a 4 hour drive.  I wanted something better than grocery store sushi, but didn't feel like driving any further than I had to since I just wanted to be out of the car.  Then I remembered that Akahana was right next to my house!  Perfect opportunity to give them a try.  I ordered a basic roll... salmon, cream cheese & avocado... and a seaweed salad.  Honestly, I wasn't very impressed.  The roll was decent, I mean it's hard to mess up something so basic, but it seemed like it was missing something... and the wasabi tasted watered down if that's even possible.  The seaweed salad was the crunchiest I've ever had and I'm undecided as to whether that is a good thing or a bad thing.  It had good flavor, just super loud!    Also, it was a Thursday, which the sign said BOGO... buy one get one... but I only had one roll in the box when I got home.  ???
4	Finally got to Akahana. Might as well get this out of the way - yes our waiter sucked, as many have experienced. Galen, if you are reading this, perhaps you should just sell records at Sam Goody's. Or sort the tchotchkes at Manifest...But we did sit at the bar (no, the sushi bar); and got along rather well with the head chef and the owner. Seems as though they have their sh!t together. We discussed throughput, prepping and sourcing, yadda yadda. We ate sake nigiri (nice), ikura gunkan (nice) and a few rolls I can't remember the names of. Washed it all down with Asahi and all was good.Bottom line is I think this one will stick in this somewhat cursed location. The sushi was really good, the cook staff is good, the atmosphere is good. The wait staff will turn over, just "wait."
4	Went there on a Tues night for the BOGO sushi night and surprisingly found out that they are now doing BOGO sushi all day, everyday. Yep, you heard me right, Everyday, which is a good thing so I don't have to wait for a Tu or Th to enjoy some good, cheap sushi. I'm a vegetarian and I loved the rolls that my sister and I ordered. We got the fresh, vegetable laden Zen Roll which was scumptious. And for free we got the Sweet Garden roll with came with a sauce drizzled on it which was really damn good. Our server was really sweet and attentive. No complaints. The only thing I can say that it was a bit empty. I'm sure things will pick up though or if nothing else, we'll be back very soon. Thank goodness, it doesn't just have to be on Tuesday or a Thursday!
2	We finally tried this place out after hearing both good and not so good reviews from locals in the 'hood. First things first, we went on a Monday night, at 7 o'clock and the electronic/techno music was so very loud that we sat at the table closest to the door in hopes it would be somewhat muted. Not so much. They even turned it up at one point and we were literally two out of, oh, five customers in the joint. There was no dance party goin' on. Seemed to me like they were trying to take a page out of Nikko's book, but there is a reason (actually, several) that I avoid that place at all costs. I like to be able to hear my husband talk and not watch him wince as he tries to eat sushi while his head throbs with pulsing bass. Our service was average, and since business was slow, we got lots and lots of walk-bys from the rest of the waitstaff and managers. Hovering is the best way I can describe it. I am a server myself, so I get the sometimes uncontrollable desire to harass your tables with attention when it's slow, but this kinda felt more like they were watching to see if we were going to steal the chopsticks.On to the food. We shared two sushi rolls, the standard Dragon and Caterpillar. He likes eel, I like soft shell crab, so it's the usual for us. Both were decent and nicely presented, no complaints. We also had shrimp, pineapple, and cashew fried rice and the portion size was huge. Definitely enough to share, although hubby would have gladly put it down by himself I think. This was, of course, after we both added a generous amount of Siracha, as the dish was pretty much bland without it. It was listed as a "Thai" dish on the menu, so I think we both expected some heat, but it was missing. The rice and shrimp, however, were both perfectly cooked. A little bit of regional cuisine confusion on the giant menu was the downfall here, I think.We both had bellinis that were on special and they were pretty lackluster. The drink specials catered more to the party crowd (like the music) with stuff like sake bombs and red bull and vodka being featured instead of more dinner-friendly options like wine or beer.For the record, my review is 2.5 stars. I want to like this place and will go back to try some other things....just probably from the take-out menu this time.
4	The private party room is cool and great for a party with friends!
4	FYI to everyone..BOGO is EVERY nite now..don't know if thats a good thing or a harbinger of trying to get more business 'cause they're struggling.This is REALLY a 3.5 star review (why can't YELP get software to let u do 1/2 stars?). Have eaten there many times, and all the sushi/sashimi I've eaten there has been really good..soups too....and I'm a big guy (6'2" 275) and I don't know where the complaints about small portions comes from; i can order 2 rolls and a bowl of miso soup and be full. Plus they run GREAT cheap drink specials on beer and liquor drinks (a $3 Yukon Jack drink in a regular glass thats a good stiff drink..C'Mon, thats killer!!)As far as service I've never had BAD service, most of the time is decent to pretty good, they're always really friendly, and as far as helpful, itsa daily BOGO menu; the ingredients are on the menu and how its fixed; thrift a litlte CAY-ASH and go out on a limb and try something new, if u don't like it you've haven't spent much money.I DO agree the "Night @ the Roxbury" club trash music thumping in there at 7PM is a LEEEEETLE much...maybe after 10pm guys????
4	Great Sushi/Drink Specials!!!!
4	Solid 3.5 not the absolute best but certainly not close to the worst -Went to Akahana for lunch today and really enjoyed the sushi. Split 4 rolls for about $28  thanks to BOGO (I wrote BYOB...I guess my mind is somewhere else) - very decently priced...and I don't know what other reviewers were talking about because I felt the size was quite large.In order from best to worst (in my opinion)1) Butterfly Roll2) Mt. Fuji3) Tie Deep Sea/ Caribbean (probably would get something else next time instead)  I (like the others) didn't understand why the veggie rolls weren't included in the BOGO- usually these items are less expensive to begin with. However since I do enjoy seafood, I look forward to trying it again
3	It's taken me a while to finally get this review down...and I think it's because I really want to love Akahana but, overall, I just kinda like it. The interior is pretty slick, the menu a large Asian compilation, the staff was friendly and efficient but overall, the food was what held back this review from a 4 star. This ambivalence has delayed my review, but here we go. BOGO sushi every night now. Yup. Every night. While this is pretty great (as our bill for four rolls and an appetizer was under $40) it's also a little worrisome. Did Akahana jack up the prices of all the sushi to accommodate this special? Or, instead, are they serving smaller or fish of a lesser quality? Well, while the portions were ample, the sushi tasted fine, but not great. Here's the run down. Asian Summer Roll: 4/5: A fresh, nicely stuffed shrimp Vietnamese inspired spring roll with a thick dipping sauce. Go easy on the sauce.  Spicy Tuna: 3/5: The spicy tuna, while it tasted fine, was strangely very, very red. Like atomic red. Kudos for not slathering the tuna in mayonnaise, but the bright red color frightened me.Crunchy Tuna Roll: 2/5: Too heavily fried for my tastes and again with the fire engine red tuna? Cherry Blossom Roll: 4/5: Fresh, tasty and delicious. I would go back just for this roll. Mt. Fuji Roll: 3/5: A little too sweet  - if I recall correctly it was topped with mango and a too much sweet sauce. Could be delightful if it was suaceless. I may head back to Akahana for lunch or to pick up some sushi to go...it's definitely worth another try, if not just for BOGO!
3	Given that I live within walking distance and sushi is my new favorite past time, it all works out.  However there are a few things to take note of:#1: I have eaten here on so many different occasions, both with friends and alone.  The customer service is VERY hit or miss.  It's never consistant.  They are either on track with the food, drinks and are 110% amazing at everything.  Or the food is mis-ordered, glasses sit empty, and one time my plate actually sat behind the counter for 5 minutes only to have another patron ask to take photos of my food (another 5 minutes) before it was served.  #2:  I love love LOVE the BOGO sushi, I always get the wasabi roll and depending on who's working the sushi bar depends on the amount of wasabi mayo they squirt all over it.  It's easy to scrap off, but come on!  Also, the tuna was alittle disturbing of a color.  I do love their specialty rolls though.#3:  Great drink specials, and if they make an awful tasting drink (at least to your preference), they have remade for myself and friends, so props to the bartenders.All in all, I frequent this place because it's very close and I love the location (grab a few rollls and parose the book store or library) and I'll keep going back
4	BOGO yay! I've only stopped in for lunch - BOGO for lunch is a good deal well it's a good deal for dinner too  -but it's almost too much food for lunch.  The menu is huge and there are plenty of rolls to choose from for BOGO.  My rolls we're delicious - it's a little pricey but I was really pleased with all the options on the menu and the ambiance was awesome.
1	The service was good, but that was about it.  I wanted something asian for lunch and was on my way to the wonderful dim sum place down central when I saw BOGO sushi.  So, I stopped and went in.  The fish at the sushi bar looked good, so I decided to eat there.The ambiance felt like it was recently something else and they just painted over it and added a fountain.  It took a second for me to be seated, but my waitress was quite responsive.I opened the sushi menu to see that most of the rolls were about twice the price they should be(at least for this side of town), so this BOGO was really "you have to buy twice as much to get it for the normal price."  I tried to order some hand rolls, but they said that wasn't included in BOGO.  So, then I tried to order some nigiri, that wasn't included either.  I asked, why does it say BOGO sushi, and the waitress told me sushi meant rolls.  I quickly corrected her and stated that no, sushi means rice.  I probably shouldn't have done that, but I don't like misinformation.I was feeling kind of cheap but was really hungry so I went with the hibachi chicken.  There were many other options, and I guess I chose the worst.First I got my salad, nothing special, but not bad.  Then came my food, a nice sized plate of food.  Little bits of chicken and such with a nice sized order of rice.  Oh, it was so dry, I really didn't enjoy it at all.  I guess I should have gone with the over-priced sushi, but I doubt I will return to find out.Sorry guys, there are sooooo many sushi places in town these days, gotta get me on the first impression.
4	Wait... BOGO for all rolls that are already decently priced? What is this, sushi-heaven? I was a bit overwhelmed by all of the sushi rolls offered, but this was a good problem. Having said this, I can't remember what I ordered, but it was fantastic, and I'll definitely be back when I visit Charlotte. Akahana also had some really great drink specials.Even if this place wasn't BOGO with the rolls, it's still worth a visit.P.S. The waiter was a bit awkward... but he got the job done.
3	This place confuses me a bit. Is it a Vietnamese restaurant? There seems to be Chinese food available here too. Then there's the BOGO sushi deal every day which is fantastic for lunch. The prices are really reasonable but the problem is I end up eating so much for lunch I end up feeling bloated after everything is done. This is my fault though so I'll cut them some slack for that.The interior is dimly lit, even during lunch, and the staff seemed a bit disinterested in me? I mean really I was joining my friends for lunch but it took until everyone was finished before I could get a menu and order? Seriously? My water refill was also quite seriously lacking for a while, and the waiter rarely came by to check so there wasn't much opportunity to ask for a refill. But at least the food came out quickly, and tasted quite good which made me happy. Because I was kind of scared about what I'd be getting for such cheap prices. I guess big portions is the name of the game here because I saw the table next to us had ordered some sort of stir fry and that thing was huge!This place is a great option when I'm in the area and craving sushi, but I don't think I'd drive out of my way for it.
4	I've been to Akahana a few times and I loved each time. You can't beat sushi and going next door to Rita's for frozen custard.
3	Any place that offers buy one, get one free sushi has my attention. With that being the main draw in, I was content with most of the joint.The bad: the waitstaff was a pinch slow and they suggested a spring roll that had shrimp in it (after I said I was vegan).The good: okay environment, decently plated food and fairly priced. This is nothing to write home about but its a decent option if you're around.
2	I'm torn.Just left Akahana. We got carry out.My daughter really enjoyed her lunch. And it was a decent portion size for the price. (She got the Chicken Lettuce Wrap for $6.)My lunch was $4, for two spring rolls. Not bad but I can't be sure it was worth the price. The rolls were small and the garnish (curly thinly shredded carrots) and a few handfuls of the small white thin puffy noodles (?) were painfully meager.I have pictures. Judge for yourself...I'm sure my daughter will eat there again. Me? Maybe. Maybe not.
1	*giant sigh of disappointment* So, in my last update, I mentioned that this was no place to write home about. Well you can now! If you feel like being negative...So I ordered a veggie roll (8 pieces, $12. Are you kidding me?!) and my friend ordered some sort of salmon roll (8 pieces, $12 also...). Jimmy ordered chocolate cake. And then we waited. And waited. And waited. And waited.... and 20-40 minutes later, we were finally served. Jimmy's cake was literally one of those generic three-layer-take-out-of-freezer-and-thaw cakes. Super sweet, cold and high in preservatives. Sushi places usually have some sort of mochi, ice cream or sweet rice- not here! My sushi was barely cut all the way through and not laid out too nicely. It was pretty disappointing.The server I have had before and he was awful and not very attentive... I thought it was maybe because he was doing prep work at lunch. Thennn there was this time. He wasn't working any other tables once we ordered and the service was still awful. Miscommunication with the bar (my friends ordered sake and it came INCREDIBLY late), Jimmy's cake (they said they were out of cake after 20 minutes, then brought some out 10-20 minutes later), and of course a long time until we got our food.Oh Akahana... tweak your staff, adjust your sushi prices (get rid of the buy one, get one free and just make them reasonably priced), lower the terrible music and get some decent desserts. Then we'll talk again.
5	Est at this place quite often, but just now getting around to write a review.  I mainly get sushi when I go here, but have tried regular menu items a couple times.  The sushi is fantastic and at a great price (buy 1 get 1 Rolls everyday of the week)!!  The other menu items that I've tried have been good as well.  I would recommend this place to anyone
1	So Akahana what's up? Do you hate me that much that you always pair me up with the very inattentive waiter that messes up my order every time?Leanne C.'s review pretty much sums up our experience there. I got told I could have cake, then the cake was a lie, then there was cake again. Quit playing with my heart! I would've ordered some food to go with the cake if you hadn't taken almost an hour to bring it out of the freezer. My love of dessert for dinner is unrivaled, but this was really crappy cake that I ended up giving away because I couldn't stomach it's frozen sickly sweetness. I suggest that you inform people next time you're serving them cold chocolate cake because I kind of envisioned a warm fluffy moist piece of chocolate yumminess.Service was awful, bad, below mediocre, crap, pick any negative adjective you like. Sake was ordered at the start of the meal and came out near the end after we had said we didn't want it anymore since it was so late, at least our server realized how big of a mess that was and comped us for it.I hate the stupid BOGO deal, just price your stuff reasonably because I don't want to always eat 2 rolls when I come here. I think I'll have to end my relationship with you here for a while Akahana.
2	I've gone twice more to Akahana and either my taste for sushi has become a bit more snobbish or Akahana has gone a bit downhill.Let's first start with the atmosphere, serious techno beats at 6:30pm on a Thursday is not relaxing. The lights were bright - and it's not really a club atmosphere so why the club music? I am not a big person by any means but I felt as though I was sitting in a little kids chair, I could not imagine if I were a bigger guy. We started with the spring rolls which were downright gross in my opinion. The pork just had a really funny flavor and they were over-cooked. My boyfriend ate them, but he eats everything ...he even said so himself, so I doubt he really liked them either.We split four rolls 1) Florida- good flavor, the avocado was fresh and perfect. The tuna is that mashed chopped-up kind and it was just be so much better if it was just a nice small piece of raw tuna.  I also felt like all the rolls were a bit warm.2) Orange Blossom- Again with the chopped tuna, but at least they had a nice salmon piece. I liked this roll flavor-wise but again with the oddly warm temp.3) Surf & Turf- It was ok, but I prefer cowfish Burgushi. The meat was just odd ( couldn't tell if it was lightly seared, raw etc.) Just not a huge fan4) Spider Roll- Worst spider roll I've ever had. It was inedible for me- I had one slice and gave up. It honestly tasted like it had sand in it, even my boyfriend had trouble with this one. So overall awful atmosphere + lackluster sushi means I probably will not be returning BOGO or not.
1	Oooook. So here is a quick run through of my first visit to Akahana:Server greets us, tells us drink specials (only part of service that was executed well.)Dinner companion orders a $1 PBR, I say I need a moment to look at the wine list. I also ask if there will be an upcharge for subbing yellowtail for other types of fish -- he insists that no, there won't be, he's worked there a year. It takes me a few minutes to decide on which rolls I want, then I order (after being asked 3 times if I'm ready before I put the menu down). The server comes back to the table to inform me there will, indeed, be a $2 upcharge for the yellowtail. Apparently after working there a year he still wasn't aware of pricing details.. uh, ok. So I change my order, and order a Bellini. Ten minutes later, my drink still had not arrived, and when it did, it just wasn't good. Who can screw up a bellini? This place can. It was slow to boot, there were MAYBE 4 tables in the entire restaurant and 4 servers including the bartender.So the rolls come out fairly quickly (only good part about the sushi) -- small, overpriced rolls that look like they're made for dwarves or something. No spicy mayo in my spicy yellowtail roll, WTF. Again, they were slow. In comparison to the other sushi joints in Charlotte, this place just comes in about dead last, right next to Koishi in Cotswold (which has a B sanitation grade right now.) The check was incorrect, but I was already so over this place I just paid the overcharged price anyway and left and a 20% tip because, let's be honest, there's no way that kid is paying rent if that's his only job. I've tried their other food via take out before and it's only ok, and very overpriced. Just try ANY other asian cuisine in Charlotte before you waste your money here. I won't be back.
3	Is this my favorite sushi place? No. Is it a great value for sushi? Yes. I visit Akahana mostly because it is walking distance to my house and they have Buy One, Get One Free rolls EVERY DAY. And this is why my boyfriend and I continue to frequent Akahana. That and their stellar drink specials. Their sushi is pretty good to just ok. We have finally got down pat the four rolls we like best- and order these every time. I can't wait to try the new pho they are now offering too.
1	Really liked this place when it first opened.  The last two times I have been here my food (not sushi) smelled like a chemical cleaner.  When I commented on it, no attempt of resolution.  I guess if you go, stick to the sushi, not the plated dinners.
3	6 words: buy-one-get-one-free-sushi.  And 3 more words: nightly-drink-specials.  But if those options aren't your cup of tea, a) you're crazy and b) the menu has so much more... including tea.  Assuming you or your dinner partner like asian food (of any form: Thai, Japanese, Vietnamese, etc.), Akahana offers a variety of choices.  Service is good, without being overly attentitve.  Small wooden tables are scattered throughout the restaurant, and the bar provides good viewing to a few televisions.  The atmosphere is rather loud, even if it's not at capacity, but it's fine if you're looking for a casual experience (probably not great for a first date or romantic night out).  But back to the BOGO sushi - it's valid every night (including Friday/Saturday), and it covers all their sushi options, which are already reasonably priced and generous in size.  What more are you looking for?
2	Akahana had won my heart when I found out they advertised buy one get one free sushi everyday - but then I took it back.  In theory, the BOGO deal seemed amazing but after a visit, I realized it was a big disappointment and honestly, pretty misleading.  The sushi rolls are nearly double the price I pay at other locations.  $12 for a typical roll with tuna, avocado, cucumber and a special sauce and it's is mediocre in size?  Yeah, I better be getting a second one!The service was good and I thoroughly enjoyed the $2 martini specials.  The curbside appeal was bleh since it's located in a strip mall.  However, the interior is nice but not spectacular.  I don't have a reason to return in the future but it wasn't my worst sushi experience either.
3	We decided to try this place after a recommendation and several reminders from our favorite server at Carpe Diem.  The quality of food at Akahana matched my expectations.  I rarely have high expectation for restaurants that have huge menus and broad food styles.  Akahana serves up the usual suspects from the usual Asian countries, and they do an admirable--though definitely not spectacular--job with their food.  My pho was tasty.  I've certainly had much, much better pho, but, as previously mentioned, I never expected to consume the best of anything here.  Ginny had a few sushi rolls, all of which I considered to be on par with similar items at Sushi 101. If you're in the area and you're hungry for a decent meal, Akahana fits the bill.  If your expectation is to have the most fabulous Asian dish you've ever experienced, this will not fit the bill.
1	One spider roll with greasy limp crab and iceberg lettuce please.No thanks.
2	Well i appreciate that the atomsphere was lovely and the waitress was nice.The prices were a little high for the quality of  the food.Seems to be like a cool place but i didnt like the sushi.I ordered the bagel,and usually it has cream cheese? Theirs did not,and it was mainly fried rice and no salmon,just wasnt made that good,the california roll tasted old,real dry and not too good.Seemed to me as if a bunch of amateurs were rolling the sushi/running this spot. The waitress wasnt too helpful,she had informed me on my saki sampler on each taste of each one & she was completely wrong! None of them tasted the way she explained.Behind the bar was a worker that was on the telephone placing orders for more alcohol,i was sitting right beside the bar and over hear her ENTIRE convo,it was extremely rude..make a list and take that into the office please. I believe that they could use a little help over all,and to me it doesnt seem like it could last long in this location.Would go here to grab drinks only maybe,or i may never go back.
4	My husband and I really love this place. We've only had the sushi, so I can't speak for the whole menu, but we've been very pleased every time. The prices are good, and the BOGO deal is pretty great! It's definitely a place we will return to time and time again.
3	They have excellent Pho Dac Biet! But their keg was frozen so I could not get the beer special of the day and had to get a glass of Stella instead.Next time I'm in the area I will try their sushi.ddc
3	Akahana has a very trendy interior. The lights are dimmed and there's a blue tone that circulates the restaurant. The only issue I have with this ambiance is when I come for lunch. The entire restaurant seems too dim compared to Mr. Sun shinning oh so brightly outside lol Of course you can always choose the outside seating, which is nice during a cool afternoon.This is the typical fusion restaurant with a very extensive menu. They have Vietnamese, Thai and Sushi. I just don't expect a restaurant with a broad menu to have amazing "omg, I have to live here" food (which is my normal reaction to a restaurant I love :P), but Akahana is decent. It's a good place to go when you're indecisive or if you have a large crowd with different tastes.I've tried all three cuisines here and the Vietnamese dishes are my favorite.Reviews for all three cuisines:The Vietnamese dishes are very affordable. I believe all dishes are $10 and under. The pho is pretty good, but it varies. From experience, it is really good on Wednesdays lol I'm not really sure why. The Pork Chop Rice Platter is my go-to plate since it has never let me down! It comes with grilled pork chop, an egg, rice and vegetables. Very delicious and filling! I would also recommend the "Vietnamese Shaking Beef (Bo Luc Lac)" and "Seafood Crispy Egg Noodle (Mi Xao Don)" I think most people will be overwhelmed by the Seafood Crispy Egg Noodle. It is a stir fry over a bed of fried noodles. It is HUGE and looks like a bird's nest lol The Thai dishes are also affordable, about $10 and under as well. I've only tried the Pad Thai and I wouldn't really recommend it. The flavor is decent, but the noodles are never done correctly. They fall apart with every bite.SUSHI! The sushi rolls are generally more expensive than other places (prices comparable to Cowfish, but not as yummy). Though the sushi is BOGO so it's decent. My favorite is the Spiral Ecstasy Roll! It comes with three different types of fish and avocado! :D The Tropical Exotic Roll is interesting. It's a sushi dish but it comes in triangles. I didn't really care for it (the presentation or the taste), but my friend thought it was unique.Overall: decent food, affordable prices, trendy atmosphere, but nothing out of this world amazing
3	I live right down the street from this place, so I go a lot.  I have to admit that I don't like the music (think at a trendy nightclub) or the decor (the centerpiece is a sheet of glass with water running down it).  However.... everything, for me, revolves around the BOGO sushi rolls.  I can go into this place with a friend and we can both gorge ourselves on pretty good sushi for about 35$ total.  There are usually 1$ PBRs (I know, I know, a very classy way to wash down sushi), so I can have my full "dine and catch a light buzz" experience for about the same price.  I've never had a bad experience at this place, maybe some slow service but the rolls I order have always been on point and delicious.  The waitress I have the most often is also super nice, keeps my water topped and my beers coming.  Be warned though, it took me about three visits to figure out what is good and what just looks good on the menu.  Akahana is not world class-but it is a great deal with friendly servers.  Like any great deal you might have to do a little work on your end to make the experience match up to your expectations.  I highly recommend the place, as well as any of the flash fried rolls.  Mmmmmmmm Americanized sushi.  YummmmmThere are also plenty of big TVs, so kick back and watch something while you stuff your face, I mean delicately pick up your sushi with your fancy chopsticks....
2	Things I like: BOGO rolls (the fact that they offer it), the place looks nice on the inside, uhm...that's it.Things I don't like: nasty stench of cleaning supplies/old fish/mildew, average sushi, sakitinis were very weak (even if they were on special, I expect them to not taste like flavored water). I can't help but compare the BOGO deals to those in Raleigh. In Raleigh, almost every sushi place has BOGO all day long. If restaurants keep making their sushi cheaper and cheaper, that's fine by me - as long as it doesn't go down in quality. When I found out Akahana offered BOGO rolls, I thought I'd check it out. Wasn't the best but I couldn't get over the smell right when I walked in. I can't even remember the rolls I got, I came here a month ago, but the rolls were so lackluster, I don't remember what they were. Food is average - maybe even below average. Service was good. The girl was new, so she couldn't really suggest anything when I asked her what was good.
3	For a quick and quality, easy sushi night... This is it. No big production. Grab a $1 PBR and 1 for 2 rolls. I've had them all by now and have no complains. Better than Russans, but falls short of Pisces. Long way to Nikkos.
4	it is difficult not to be a fan of akahana.  i mean, a BOGO sushi roll deal EVERY DAY OF THE WEEK?!  come on!  and these are hearty rolls, my friend.  fantastic flavors and super fresh ingredients.and do i even need to mention that they have the plaza midwood staple of cheap PBR... on draft?  nestled into the corner at the corner of the plaza and central, it's a little dimly lit for my tastes.  the almost dingy hole in the wall feel doesn't really capture the vibrancy of their food.  i have only ever sat at the bar, which if everyone is eating and drinking can get to be a little too much for just one bartender.  service doesn't suffer much, but the refills don't come as quick.a number of businesses have occupied this piece of real estate, but i think akahana is here to stay... hopefully.
4	They were very friendly and had awesome specials. I would go with anything lemon grass. The only thing I wasn't impressed with is their BoGo sale (By one get one) What they do is just jack up the price of a regular Cali roll to 14.00 to equal out to the fancier rolls. Still a good spot and plus they have outside seating which is nice.
3	Word to the wise, Yelpers: Akahana has changed their sushi pricing.  No longer is it BOGO free; instead, it's now buy one, get one 1/2 off.  Nice to have a discount, but a fairly siesmic shift from how they were pricing their sushi.  Call me Sad Panda.
4	the food's great... fresh veg, great, flavorful herbs, generous portions, good price. There's a nice outside dining area, the staff is very friendly and accommodating. The only downside, and it's a matter of taste versus an actual problem: Loud Techno music inside. Outside, the often have live music, which gives the place a really nice, comfortable feel. If you like asian food, this place is a must try. I believe you'll keep coming back.
4	I like the dollar PBR specials.  The food is great.  Very impressed with the new menu items.
3	$2 well drinks on Tuesdays and buy one get one free sushi rolls every day!With those specials it is easy to eat there. Fair warning-I don't think it is the freshest food in town and last time I was there another patron had her phone stolen from her table when she visited the restroom.
4	When you want sushi in a hurry Akahana is the place!  I have been here a few times and always had positive experiences.  They have a wide variety of rolls and it is buy one get on free.  I have never had to wait for a table and the service is pretty efficient.  I will for sure be back
4	I was craving sushi last week so I finally decided to try this place out and...I am a FAN! First of all, how can you dislike BOGO 1/2 off sushi rolls?! I'm pretty sure they offer this daily. They have a ton of specialty rolls to choose from (yes, even vegetarian) as well as a myriad of other asian fusion dishes. The drinks are delicious too. If you're a fan of electro music then they've got you covered as well. So glad I live near this place because I will DEFINITELY be back!
3	Where Akahana isn't an incredible location based on locale, they definitely pack a punch with a sushi menu of note. Checked these guys out for lunch after a long awaited and needed visit. The decor is actually pretty swanky. I really like the waterfall with the glass logo behind it. Pretty snazzy. Cool bar setup, too. We ordered a ton of sashimi and a few basic rolls. Check out my photo from the sashimi/nigiri platter. Gorgeous presentation. Fresh, flavorful and service was very fast and direct from the chef over the counter. My biggest dislikes are the prices and the TVs. Prices do seen a little steep, but for the amount of food we ordered, it was well worth it. Can't say the same if it weren't for the buy one, get one half off deal. Probably wouldn't go back if it weren't around. And the TVs. Just yuck. Jerry springer and other garbage channels on all of them and the sushi chefs were glued to it. Kind of funny, but really disappointing. Daytime TV + sushi = no thanks. I can say I'd be back, but maybe for a change from the regular sushi go-tos. Cheers!
1	Ordered a rice/vegetable dish and it was pretty much all onions and barely any veggies. My boyfriend got sick from the sushi he had. Won't go back.
3	Conveniently located on the corner of The Plaza and Central, Akahana is a nice little bistro with great potential.  There are plenty of things to like about Akahana, but definitely a few glitches to this place.The Good:1. The location: I can't think of any other sushi places in this area, and it's just a hop, skip and a jump away for anyone who lives near this neighborhood.2. The decor:  It has a kind of trendy look, but some nice decor.  The bar area is very cool, all lit up.  The waterfall at the door looks great as well.  It's a little dark, but fairly cozy-looking.3. A huge menu: Their menu is very large, with a great selection of appetizers, sushi rolls, noodle dishes (different Asian styles), salads and more.4. $5 lunches: I am not sure what time lunch ends, but in addition to getting lunch-sized portions of food, you can also get $5 at certain times on weekdays.  They have sushi lunches, noodles, and a few others.  They have pretty decent portion sizes for $5 too.5. The drink menu: They also have an extensive number of specialty drinks.  6. The spicy edamame:  Not too hot, but full of flavor (maybe a chili sauce mixed with teriyaki?).The OK:1. Buy One Get One Half Off:  All right, this is a pretty decent deal (it's every day all day), and they offer it on pretty much all of their sushi rolls.  The rolls range from like $5-18, depending on what you're getting.  Their specialty rolls start at around $9 and up.  They are pretty decent sized rolls too for the price.2. The quality:  The fish quality is ok.  It's not as fresh as Yama or the Cowfish, but it's decent.  The sushi rice is pretty good, with just the right texture of stickiness and plenty of flavor (the right balance of savory/sweet, not too sweet or vinegary, with hints of sesame).  Some of the rolls are downright delicious, but some are just mediocre.3. The drinks: The cucumber martini was very strong and not quite my style, but probably good for people who really love that brand of vodka.  I had one drink (I can't remember the name) that was pretty decent, but not very heavy on the booze.  I had their sangria once, and it was decent but watered down.The Not-So-Good1. The service:  I have had decent service once, but two other times it has not been great.  It was virtually dead in there every time I've gone (I've only been there at a late lunch time). In three trips, I have not once gotten my appetizer before the rest of the food, so the timing is a little weird.Overall, A-OK is probably an accurate summary of my experiences here.
4	I didn't know what to expect for this neighborhood joint after reading the reviews. I came here once 2 years ago and had an okay meal with less than okay service.  But everyone deserves a 2nd chance right?  I arrived at 9pm on a random Monday night, sat at the bar to wait for my friends. The bartender greeted me immediately. I told her to just fixed me a saketini ($3 special). It was good, but not that strong... Can't complain, it's $3.  I moved onto $1.50 PBR draft. We moved to a bar table when my cohorts arrived. The bartender transferred the tap to the waitress without me even having to ask.  The 3 of us ordered 4 sushi orders (BOGO deal). The service was quite good (Miya I think was her name on the check).  Drinks were never empty. The food was good as well.  Granted I find their sushi menu to be repetitive (a big list of fancy names but basically all very similar). Took us a while to decide on which 2 won't be too much alike.  It's of good portion and quality. The nigiri looked fresh and wasn't packed with rice. I was pleasantly surprised with my experience that night.  Now I will have to find out if it can be repeated in the future or if this was a one hit wonder. NOTE: I saw that they have a very well priced lunch menu, which I think is always available during weekends. I will check it out and report.
2	The selection of unique rolls is really what keeps me coming here. The crab wontons start off your meal perfectly,  because let's face it, how can those get messed up? On my most recent visit today, the trend of terribly lazy service continued. I was one of three total tables in the restaurant and was still getting no attention from our waitress. Ive put enough time in working at restaurants to know that serving sunday mornings at a sushi place is a walk in the park. We ordered a cali n spicy tuna to start, but we received a salmon and tuna roll instead. When the server returns with our "correct" order they merely squirted a bunch of sriracha sauce on the tuna roll to make it "spicy tuna." How lazy. Beverages were empty often and had to call out a mistake on the check of charging for an extra roll. I used to love this place since it was so close and convenient, but now the service is so consistantly bad I'm not sure if I will be going back.
5	I Love Akahana! I think most people don't realize it exists because it is located in a small shopping center beside a little bookstore in Plaza Midwood, but if you've never been and love shush, this is the place to be. They always have buy one get one free specials, tasty drinks and tons of fun rolls to choose from.
5	Great sushi. They give you a good portion and it's always buy one get one half off.  Cant beat that!
5	i LOVE Akahana.  My boyfriend and I usually eat their once a week, and it is definitely our favorite restaurant.  Not only is the food fantastic, it's pretty cheap as well.  For dinner, we each usually get an appetizer and a roll and with tip it usually comes out under $30.  Nice!  I'd have to say that Felipe is my favorite waiter by far, he has made it a point to remember my boyfriend and I's names, and he's full of personality.  The other servers there are good too, but there have been a couple of occasions where certain ones try too hard to pressure you into drinks, apps, desserts, etc, and one of them always seems fake nice!  The hostess Camela is very sweet, and I look forward to seeing her when I come in.The sushi is great, although sometimes my roll looks sloppier than other times (I usually get the same one because it's so good).  My boyfriend always enjoys his sushi.  I've also had the curry, and loved it!   If you haven't been to Akahana, you should go.  It's cheap (BOGO half off rolls!), the atmosphere is nice, and the food is good.
5	This update is for their lunch special. $5 awesomeness is what it is. My first try was the curry chicken, it was the biggest plate of food I never expected. While it took a little longer to get the food out, it's still a great deal.  And mind you, it was a Saturday.  Yes, lunch special is available on weekends too.  My 2nd try was during the week.  I called ahead to place my order (magnolia beef) to cut out wait time. I showed up and the food rolled out. This time the portion wasn't as big but still very satisfying. Service was solid both times.  And the food tasted good with consistent quality. They actually have sushi lunch special too, all $5. I swear this place is a keeper.
4	I LOVE this place! Not only do they have the best spicy edamame... EVER, but they have any awesome sushi selection. Do not be deterred from this gem just because it is in a strip mall, Akahana is where it's at! Be sure to check out the vegetarian menu.. the Zen Roll is my favorite. They also have great craft beer on draft which is always a plus!
1	DINER BEWARE!I'm saddened to write a bad review for this place. My friends and family have been coming here for years and really enjoyed the food and staff. Our last visit was mid May. Our server was rude and quite frankly looked like she just walked out of a trailer park. Service was incredibly slow even with a handful of people in the restaurant. Our waitress made mention to a newer sushi chef. Five of us ordered various sushi dishes and one ordered a soup. Nothing tasted out of sorts. We all actually enjoyed our food... until later the following day and for 7-8 days in a row. The five of us who had sushi got horrifically sick. More or less someone who handled our food did not wash their hands after using the toilet.We phoned the restaurant to inquire if anyone else got sick. We were rudely dealt with by the hostess. One of our dinner members called to speak to the manager who was even ruder and called her a liar and we needed proof. Our intent was not to get the place shut down, like I mentioned, we've all enjoyed eating there in the past. We just wanted to make them aware of a potential problem and to prevent others (especially friends of ours who take their small children to eat there) from getting sick. The health inspector was called in and his report was inconclusive. He eluded to the fact that most establishments when notified of potential contamination with their food would do a thorough cleaning prior to his arrival which was 2-3 days after we reported the issue to the manager.  A few of us are still having symptoms. The sad part is none of us or our families will be returning to the restaurant. We weren't even offered compensation for our sickly meals. Just brushed off and left to wallow in our illness.If you choose to go here, be sure the food preparers are wearing gloves!
3	I really like the food  at Akahana a lot however, one should avoid the wine. (I would really like to find an Asian restaurant around here with decent wines.) When I asked the bartender how long the bottle had been opened he said 4 hrs. I said it wasn't too great and he didn't offer to pour a different wine. When he gave me my check I pointed to my almost full glass and said it was undrinkable. We all know what his response should have been but his actual response was (and as Dave Barry said "I swear I am not making this up") I find all wine to be undrinkable.Maybe he was just having a bad day but that comment might have just killed it for me.....
4	Previously, I felt that this restaurant was not one to "Yelp home about," but my last visit really stood out.  Akahana is located in a strip mall within walking distance of our home.  It features " buy one, get one half price" sushi rolls.  My husband and I have been here a few times and had an "ok" meal.  But this last time?  Holy blow fish!  Did that sushi chef just graduate to a black belt in rolls?  We ordered three vegetarian rolls that rivaled those at our favorite sushi restaurants.  Plus, service was sharp and snappy, to the point that the waiter nearly snatched away my last sip of wine as I lifted my glass.  Definitely warrants an encore and soon. But, I'm gluing my wine glass to my hand.
3	My favorite date spot for the price. Sushi isAlways fresh and visually stunning. Service has been rough before, so now we just go to the bar. Edwin, the bartender is awesome. Saketinis are surprisingly tasty. Cant beat the quality matched with affordability. Good to see somethingGood that location since the graduate.
3	Being in the area, I decided to order pick-up for lunch and was pleased with meal, however found it just lay for the prices. Overall seemed a little high for the amount of food. I would like to dine in and check out a few more selections...so, look for an updated review soon.
5	I've been here numerous times. The Charlotte Roll, Volcano Roll, Bagel Roll, and Spiral Extacy Roll are just some of my favorites. Their Pad Thai is amazing and my boyfriend always enjoys their Pho. I usually get a draft PBR since they're only $1 but it's always ice cold. Some times they'll have $5 cocktails and I tried the Ginger Pear one and it was delightful. We eat a lot and we're always surprised at how low our bill is when we leave so this is definitely one of our guilty pleasure spots with out feeling too guilty $$$.
3	Akahana is an OK place to go for an great variety of Asian style food. Their veggie sushi is ok and so is the miso soup, however their stir fry sauces are really unimpressive. Also the food seems to be pretty inconsistent in quality, ranging from 2 to 4 stars on any given visit.While tucked away and not very noticeable on the outside, the inside is very nice. It's got a nice dark atmosphere, lots of dinning area, stylish decorations, and a pretty nice bar. The staff are all attentive and nice folk. It would be a good place for a date if the food was better and more consistent.
2	I'll echo Katie S. in saying BOGO rolls everyday are enticing. Unfortunately that's where Akahana's appeal ends for me. The restaurant smells funny when you walk in. I think they try to use a fragrance or deodorizer, but I always smell chlorine/bleach undertones. I've been a couple times when friends have tried to sell me on it and I've never been impressed with the food or the service. Edamame was over steamed and mushy. The waitress on our last visit was admittedly new, but couldn't speak to the menu and messed up our payments when closing our tabs. While I paid with a credit card and left a cash tip, she ran my friend's meal and tip on my card, and mine on his. Of course she returned the right receipts afterwards, so I only caught it when reviewing my credit card statement a few weeks later. Rather than processing a refund to my card I had to return to the restaurant when a manager was working and get a cash refund. Not impressed.
4	Sushi rolls are buy one get on half off every night. The quality is consistently good, and they have excellent miso soup. The hot entrees look fantastic, but I have not tried any of them yet. They frequently have drink specials, so we frequent this spot quite often as it's in our neighborhood.
2	First of al the buy one one, get one half off isn't as sweet as if sounds. Most of their rolls priced on the higher end, especially considering. But hey if the sushi is worth it I'll pay. That was not the case with this place. We started our meal with spring rolls. They were what was typically expected, except the shrimp wasn't deveined..yuck! After that we order two rolls. I got the crunchy tuna roll. I did enjoy that they put panko it, so I was able to get the crunch without it being fried. It was topped with avocado, which wasn't very fresh. It's certainly not something I'd order again. The service was friendly and fast. Although I didn't enjoy their sushi, I wouldn't be opposed to trying some of their other cuisine.
3	I'll be generous and give Akahana 3 stars when it should probably be 2.5 stars. I was a frequent flyer of this place when it first opened, mostly because for a year this nice little bistro who offered buy one get one free sushi rolls. As someone who should probably open her own sushi restaurant to get a return on my investment, anytime I can save cash on sushi is a plus.A while back the restaurant management changed and switched the deal to buy one get one half off. I understand this a business with profits to make so it didn't upset me but left my sushi-loving soul disappointed. Yet, I only dined here a good bit due to price and not quality... and even though the rolls the discounted, the prices are a bit higher so not truly snagging a discount. The sushi isn't bad by any means but not memorable - nothing that blows me away. At Ru Sans I covet the Firecracker roll. At Sushi 101, I always snag the Sir Justin roll. But I have yet to find an amazing roll at Akahana. Pretty average sushi here with no special sauces, ingredients or anything that makes me crave this eatery.However, props to the bistro for the atmosphere. It's a sleek, modern design with plenty of room between the booths and tables so you're not invading anyone's personal space. Upon walking in, you're greeted with a waterfall trickling down a tall glass panel that almost hits the ceiling... nice touch. We've always been seated promptly at the restaurant and service is more times than not good. Never had bad service, just slow... and last time I never got my requested side of aioli... blasphemy.Plus parking is easy and Akahana is located conveniently in Plaza Midwood... no fancy parallel parking here or trying to figure out how one-way streets connect.
4	As a vegetarian who loves sushi, it's been difficult for me to find a sushi joint that makes flavor-diverse sushi that I can eat. I am usually forced to stick with some sort of cucumber-avocado-carrot combo. Meh.I regularly take my vegetarian friends to Akahana for sushi because they actually make their veggie sushi rolls worth eating! My favorites are the Green Day Roll (crunchy friend asparagus, cream cheese, and spicy mayo) and the Happy Buddha Roll (marinated fried tofu, cream cheese, avocado and "eel" sauce). The presentation is always fabulous and the service is on-point.I've also had their Asian Summer Roll, a thai-inspired vegetarian roll served with a tasty peanut sauce, and their Miso Soup and House Salad. Their noodle and rice dishes are well-portioned and can definitely be split for two.I will say, however, that I miss the buy-one-get-one-free sushi deals that Akahana had when they first opened. I understand that it was probably not the most cost-effective for them, but it was certainly great on my wallet!
1	If food poisoning your wife (+) "we'll make her another San Francisco roll for the trouble" = worth it... then this is your place for you. Have fun.
4	It starts with spicy edamame. Hands down one of the BEST ideas I've seen brought to life with edamame. The secret recipe has had us hooked for almost a year now. Lovely place that keeps hidden in the nook of the stripmall.  I am a kinda a regular here and eat the cucumber special role every single time. Great place. #thesavageway approved!
1	What I ordered to go: Stir fried vegetables with chicken and no mushrooms, light white sauce, brown rice; spring rolls. What I got: bland, over cooked vegetables with gloppy corn starch sauce. Spring rolls were ok.
1	If I could give zero stars I would.we went because of the positive reviews. I have never posted a review before but it was so bad I felt compelled to try to warn others. It was by far THE WORST meal I can remember, not just in Charlotte. It was greasy, fatty, sauces out of a bottle (tastes like it anyway), sushi was old and gross. Just disgusting and then the whole place was flooded with a the foul smell of rotten fish (you know the smell if you have ever been in a grocery store with bad fish)! Just wretched. I'm sorry but I just have to try to warn you.
3	I have had mostly mediocre to just plain horrible service at Akahana - yet its close proximity to my home keeps me coming back, mostly now for take-out. I do love some of their rolls, even when they mess up my order its usually still good. The BOGO offer (all day every day eat in or take out)can work in your favor, and sometimes you're not saving anything. Fancy rolls? sure, definitely could use a half off. Generic/veg rolls? No thanks. Yeah, I'm getting half off my california roll but they charge $9 to begin with, double what other sushi joints charge, so not really a great steal. I'm slowly venturing off their sushi menu. I really like their hot and sour soup, a lot. The stirfrys are alright. I've tried almost every appetizer and although I don't have a favorite, I also don't have a "never order again"... though the ginger dressing on the house salad is more often than not so bitter it ruins everything, so I usually skip that. I'd like to go in and enjoy my meal more often, but even when there's only one other table I still can't get my server to pay attention to me, so I'd rather just skip the whole "service" part. And it's really nice they're open late on the weekends!
4	We have always been pleased with our service and food from Akahana. The menu is a little overwhelming with so many delicious options, but the Pho and sushi are really delicious!! (however, beware that their jalapenos are HOT!) We always sit in the bar area, so I think its ideal for a casual, weekend late lunch or girls get together before going out. Not exactly my idea of a romantic date spot; however, I haven't been there during dinner rush so I could be very wrong.  I will be returning though! Thanks for great food and great service guys!
2	We began with the pineapple drink, which was *sigh* served with the pineapple intact - drink was a little weak for 15 dollars.   We decided to share a sashimi boat with some sushi rice on the side.They brought us our miso soup and salads, which were pretty good.  Unfortunately, we waited an additional 10 minutes for our sushi boat, which came on a plate and not an actual boat (of which, we saw many were available.  We examined the sashimi platter and everything seemed normal, until we got to the end, and there were...about...8 pieces of imitation crab.  My boyfriend and I looked at each other incredulously, thinking that, maybe we got the wrong platter.  After confirming with a waiter that this is indeed the sashimi boat that we ordered, the anger set in.  We could not believe the AUDACITY of serving imitation crab meat in a 40 dollar sashimi boat.  After confirming that this is a legitimate, we spoke to the waitress who ended up informing the manager of the situation.  The manager came and took away our plate and replaced the imitation crab with 4 pieces of octopus and a few additional salmon pieces.  Even with the replacement, the sashimi boat was not worth $40, since the actual fish sashimi pieces were sliced incredibly thin.  When we got the bill, we discovered that they charged $2.95 per bowl of rice.Overall, we found this experience to be extremely underwhelming.  We would not recommend eating the sashimi at this restaurant.
3	BOGO sushi... I ain't gonna complain.
4	I really like the dragon roll so good service wasn't so great but that might just been our waitress
2	1) BOGO: what a gimmick.  Their rolls are about half a roll from most other restaurants, so you're paying $14 for 2 mediocre halves.2) AVAILABILITY: Tried to order some a la carte nigiri and sashimi.  Pretty much everything I tried to order was unavailable and has been "for MONTHS" (per our server).  Uh... then maybe don't have it on your menu.  Then the waitress said the restaurant doesn't order it because they don't make money on it.  Uhhhh... then maybe raise the price? I think people who want uni or toro will understand that it will cost more.3) VARIETY: Sure, variety is the spice of life, but I don't trust an Asian restaurant that serves multiple different Asian cuisines.  I only tried the sushi so maybe the pho, thai curries/noodles, udon, and teppanyaki is really good... but dubious.4) SERVICE: Our server was adorable and nice, but she was not good at her job.  Her timing was so bad it was comical and it provided us with entertainment.  E.g., she would only come to take food/drink orders when one of us was in the bathroom.  Also, she never blinked. TL; DR -- Wholly unimpressive; BOGO is a gimmick; service is bad.
4	Really great rolls! With great variety and well made. Avg roll is $14 so with bogo special they have everyday spending about $14for two rolls. The other Sunday night though we were there about 2hrs with about 1.15 waiting on food. They were busy but need to be able to keep up with demand
2	I've eaten at Akahana 8-10 times. I love sushi and can't resist a bogo offer. But I've never been completely satisfied with the food. We've had the salt and pepper calamari on multiple occasions - sometimes delicious, sometimes over cooked and inedible. Food inconsistency is such a bummer. Most recently I called in an order for sushi take out. When picking up my order, I asked the attendant (whom I later found out was the manager) for some low sodium soy sauce. He seemed annoyed that I asked, grabbed a small, unmarked clear plastic container and handed it to me. Upon arriving home to enjoy my meal, I noticed an odd fishy smell about my food. Noooo! After a couple of bites of sushi I had to stop and toss it --- the rolls tasted like funky fish! I called Akahana and spoke with the manager who gave me the soy sauce, and while he offered to make some new sushi for me, I didn't take him up on it. I also didn't ask for a refund. I did however ask him to visit his kitchen and investigate why my two different sushi rolls shared the same fishy taste and smell. I suspected it was the rice or the nori, but who knows. I'm sad to say it because I love supporting Plaza Midwood businesses, but I will be taking a break from this spot for a while. I hope things improve.
4	I'm a fan of their seafood combination pad thai! It's so hard to find good pad thai here in Charlotte and I think this place is my favorite by far. If you get it extra spicy they add jalapenos in it. The sushi here is just okay, but its a lot cheaper than other mediocre sushi places considering its buy one get one free. The other entree dishes are not that great. Their fried ice cream here is also good. Overall I am a fan of their pad thai and that's why they are getting 4 stars. :)
4	This was the best sushi I have had in awhile in Charlotte. All rolls are always BOGO, and they offer a wide variety. The first time I went I got take-out and the second time I dined it. The service was good but we were one of the few groups in the restaurant. Haven't tried the other parts of their menu yet but will definitely be back for their sushi.
5	I live nearby but have never been to this restaurant.  Finally went last night and loved it.  My friends had sushi and I had Pad Thai.  The Pad Thai was excellent.  This place may be a regular.  It has takeout too!
2	I went to this restaurant last week.  I am very picky about my Asian food and this place did not win my praise.  My family ordered Bun. I had yellow chicken cari. (curry).  The sushi was BOGOF.  The curry could use more spice, not heat.  I like a lot of flavor when I cook.  I also like my chicken cooked more well done than I usually find at Asian restaurants.  The sushi was a little dry (i.e. the rice).  I was also disappointed that they wanted to charge me $1 for a bowl of jasmine rice to go with my left over curry.
1	Wtf is this! Ok I'm alllll for BOGO. However, my sushi was the size of a dime.... Not worth my money. Maybe I should have purchases fried rice! At least my server was cool.
2	I was a regular lunch customer and service at first was amazing. Then there was a shift in management and the service level went to the dogs. The food is not as good as it was when the business first opened and now it is mediocre. The owner is not pleasant and needs a course is customer service. When a customer is not satisfied with the taste or if there is an ingredient in the meal that the customer can not have, you do not tell the customer that you will not take it off the bill!I am glad I have a backbone and know how to address these issues.Customer Sevice 101 your customers are the reason you're in business.
3	Buy one, get one sushi rolls. That means one thing to me: I should probably order four rolls. Right? RIGHT?! Spoiler alert: I can't eat four rolls by myself. I gave it my best shot though. My latest trip here was for take out grub. I walked in after yoga. Hot mess express over here. I posted up at the bar, ordered myself a glass of Prosecco and dove into the overwhelming menu. My selections: Spicy spider, Spiral Ecstasy, Watermelon, and Cherry Blossom rolls. The Spicy spider and Spiral Ecstasy were the winners. I love rolls wrapped in cucumber instead of rice. Unfortunately, the cucumber didn't look all that appealing for the Watermelon.Four rolls + one glass of Prosecco = $38. I could've easily been okay with just two rolls. The bartender was super friendly and attentive. He helped me go through the endless list of options. Call it the never-ending menu. I would gladly sit at the bar any time he was working for a meal.Akahana is a decent little sushi spot. Nothing too fancy. Rolls aren't super creative. Great specials throughout the week. Worth a trip if you're craving sushi in the Plaza Midwood 'hood.
1	Service was fine. Taste of food was good. It was relatively expensive for what I got though. Some decent pho and the worst food poisoning I have ever had.
1	First let me say that I used to absolutely love this restaurant. The rolls were awesome and so we're the dishes I've tried (curry, lo mein, soups, fried rice, tofu,etc). My liking for this place changed after I found the tail of a bug in my takeout food!!!! The manager said an exterminator came out and the only thing he can conclude is that the bugs came out to breathe bc they were suffocating from the fumes....wtf?!?! He only offered to buy me another meal as of I'd step foot in there again. I demanded they put the money back on my card which he said he'd look into but never did. Poor customer service and disgusting establishment.
4	I've been to this place a few times over the past few years and only got sushi for their special. Went last night with some friends for a birthday and everyone else ordered things other than sushi. They all looked and tasted soooo good!! Sake-tinis were awesome! I must go back soon just to get something other than sushi. Customer service was decent. Restaurant pretty clean. Quality of food was good and the low prices were excellent!!!
2	The first time I visited this place I thought it was pretty good!!  Ended up getting spinach fried rice which was awesome!!  Went back for the second time and they had already changed the menu!!  They had taken off some things I had seen on the first one!  One of them being what I had orderd!!  Ended up getting chicken and vegetables in brown sauce.  Had about two tiny pieces of chicken!!!!  The rest was rice and veggies!  Very disappointing!  Tried it again and the red curry chicken was a little better.  If I'm gonna pay for chicken I want some chicken!!  The service is good though and so are the drinks!  That's the only thing I will go there for!
1	Went here on a Tuesday evening when my hunger was at its prime. I ordered some sushi. After a single piece I knew something was wrong. It was just not fresh especially the rice. I felt like throwing up so I stopped eating and drank the beer I had ordered instead. After a while I though I had second guessing myself and tried another piece. It was the same bad stale taste. I stopped eating. I think I had two pieces out of the 10 or so on the plate. I lost my appetite altogether.BUT, the  worst was when the waitress came by to hand us the check. She asked me if I needed a box for the remaining sushi. I actually said in an almost apologetic tone "mm.. sorry I actually didn't like them at all. I couldn't eat them". She looked at me without any expression and nodded and said "Okay" and went away. The LEAST I expected was for her to ask me what was wrong with the sushi. I would have told her gladly. Anyway, I will not go there again because this restaurants sucks. The Akahana at Baxter village is much better. A better crowd comes there and they are much nicer to you. I think it's a SC thing!BOO AKAHANA. Two thumbs down.
5	I love this place!! Delicious food also at a fantastic price. You can't ask for much more than that. Service is always good too. You have to try the spicy edamame and the spicy spider roll!!! Can't go there without getting both. Highly recommend. Unless you're looking for fancy...which, I'm not.
4	I have a love hate relationship with this place. The food is good but at times inconsistent. My favorite things to get here are the pineapple fried rice, Vietnamese steak, and sushi.The sushi is such a bargain. Buy one get one free everyday. You can't beat that. The prices ate very, very reasonable. Fairly inexpensive for a solid meal.
5	I have to give this place a 5 star review I love their menu. It is large because it's a BOGO menu. I'm a regular here and I enjoy the sushi the most, it is perfectly priced and made to perfection, not as fresh as an onshore restaurant but great for inland. If you're in college and in the area and you live sushi this is a great spot !
2	Today was my first visit to Akahana and I won't be back. There were about 9 tables (including people sitting at the bar)  total in the restaurant and only ONE server. She could hardly keep up. There were dirty tables and spots at the bar everywhere because tables weren't being cleaned quickly enough. Other customers were looking around as I was almost seeming to wonder "Where is our food?!" Our edamame appetizer sat in the kitchen window for 5 minutes before being brought to us. I know this because I saw it sitting there. Our 2 sushi rolls (not fried) took about 35 minutes to be prepared and served to us. I noticed there was only 1 sushi chef. I'm not sure if that's typical for a holiday day lunch shift but it probably shouldn't be. The younger gentleman sitting at a table behind us sent back his sushi roll because "the crab tasted funny". Not a good sign.... We almost walked out before getting our sushi rolls but felt bad so we stayed. The rolls were nothing to write home about. In hindsight, I wished we had gone somewhere else instead. We could have eaten almost anywhere nearby for a quicker, cheaper, tastier lunch. They do offer Buy One Get One sushi rolls. Our check with 2 rolls and edamame and a soft drink was $24. It would have easily been at least $35 if we had paid full price. Thank God we didn't.
1	Tried this place again for a friend's celebratory dinner. We had another server on her 'first day'. She seemed sincere and I believe her, but I've also gotten this excuse before.  Tonight one order didn't come out at all and one came out with an incorrect mix of rolls. The story was another server grabbed the plates, but it took another 30 minutes after acknowledging the mistake to be served our original order. Very disappointing!
5	Wow! Bogo sushi rolls. Can't beat it. Had a excellent experience with my family here. You have to try the shaking beef!! Good selection of sake for reasonable price. Go on Tuesdays and it's half off bottles!!!! Last but not least service was spot on. Must give Akahana a try!
1	I came here for the bogo sushi special with my boyfriend thinking it was a great deal. It honestly turned out to be too good to be true. Our roles tasted decent but I have had far better for a better price. The waitress didn't really seem to care we were there and rushed our experience entirely, asking us we were ready to order after JUST handing us our menus. Plus and hour after we both felt pretty "off" and the next day our stomachs were jacked. I wouldn't recommend this low quality regrettable sushi place to anyone.
1	Well!!Little do I remember ! I wrote a review almost 3 years ago on this place... I remember NOT liking it there at akahana. SOMEHOW my friends encouraged me to try it one more time- FAIL. The BOGO enticed me, let me tell ya, if those sushi rolls weren't bogo- I wouldve been soooo pissed off. Its bogo for a reason folks. The sushi is awful. Not much different from what I was claiming in 2012. I tried the cherry blossom roll and the surf n turf. YUCK.My other 2 friends that were with me agreed that their rolls tasted old, just as mine did. My sushi had avocado where some of it was turning in color (old) and the salmon also did not look fresh....or the tuna.... DAMN! Like seriously guys, sushi isnt your cup of tea.... practically 3 years later....STILL, simply put, AWFUL sushi. I will never go back, I dont care what kind of luring special they advertise, on top of it all - believe it or not this place is pricey!  Like 14 bucks for something you wouldnt pay a dollar for. Rusans, in my opinion,  can't be beat in Charlotte.
2	Food was good, for the most part. Way too greasy and too much soy sauce tho. The waitress had a disturbed look. Too bad because you get tipped based on your attitude. Usually great place but she somewhat ruined the spirit. If you hate your job find a new one and quit. Logical I think?
1	I'll never go back to akahana. The service was awful. One of my friends got the calamari.  It was undercooked so my friend called the manager. The manager actually argued with us about it. My drink was spilled accidentally. Usually places will give you another drink. Not Akahana. Took forever with our bills.  The sushi was mediocre.
3	3 stars at most. I don't get why people give it 1 or 5. It's not God awful but it's not amazing. I had two rolls and a won ton soup with tea for 20$. The buy one get one rolls I picked weren't tiny. Maybe it's just certain ones but each one listed on the menu tells how many pieces. I recently had sushi at Ru San and it was comparatively better. I won't be back but I'm glad I tried it.
4	Some of the best Tom Kha I've had from an Asian fusion restaurant. They do a great job. The massamun curry is excellent as well.
