4	This place just opened up. The layout is pretty dope and the hookah is some good quality stuff. I will def be a regular, it's hard finding good hookah places in old town. Their VIP room is real nice. I hope they start serving food cause that would make it perfect!!!
4	Free pool... chill place...  tea selection awesome place and in town....yeeeaah
4	Nice vibe and a much needed Hookah bar in old town scottsdale. The owner is always there and very nice. Good variety of flavors as well.
5	Really love this place and what I love more is the reasonable prices! I think their more expensive hookah is 13.00 and that's just because it's out of a fruit bowl. It is super cute inside and my favorite are the little booths inside. I went on a Saturday and it was full of people...but I loved that I went on a Tuesday to study and it was quiet with background music! Perfect place to have fun on the weekends and study on the weekdays! The staff are extremely nice and they have free wifi and pool! Definitely will make it my new hookah spot!
4	My first Hookah lounge in Phoenix and what an experience. Short story about Hookah in Phoenix, my friend who is from out of town and I tried over a year ago with no luck to find a hookah lounge. About a month after her visit, this lounge opened up. So this weekend, when my friend was back in town, we thought we'd give it a shot. Well worth it, because we had a great time and it was exactly the type of Hookah lounge we were searching for a year ago.The atmosphere was really chill, which is what I expect in my hookah lounge environment. It was dark, kind of eclectic with the interesting choices of cheap decor, but it worked for this place. And the music from the DJ was the best I've heard in awhile. A mix of dub step, techno, electronic, drum and bass, and middle eastern music thrown in there just to remind you, "hey, you're in a Hookah bar!" We went for the long lasting fruit bowl...and boy was it long lasting. It took us nearly 3 hours to go through it with a party of 4 people. I think what made us take so long is we were all so fascinated with making bubbles with our hookah smoke. If you go there, ask for the bubbles. It makes for interesting pictures to post on instagram and facebook! Then when we got the bill, my four friends and I were surprised about how inexpensive it was. For 3 hours, it was a cheap night out to enjoy something fun, new and different. Things to note about their prices, if your a guy their is a cover, at least when we went which was Saturday night. It may change if you visit on the weekdays.The service was friendly and our hookah was constantly replenished with coals. Definitely a fun and affordable night out and worth trying.
2	Monday of my 4-day Memorial Day weekend, I get a craving for some hookah smoking and relaxing. It's 9pm, and I look for places still open, and thankfully Zayn's was. My first impression was that the place was fairly clean, but the girls were frazzled, running all over the place. Later we found out that they had run out of fruit and bottled water so one of the girls had to make a run to the grocery store. The hookah itself was pretty great. I chose Mango shisha and was pleased. Apparently, they use fruit bowls instead of regular bowls, so the mango had a grapefruity note - not bad, but certainly not my favorite. I would have liked to know before hand, so I could opt out of the fruit.My biggest frustration was that they didn't have an Turkish Coffee. I suppose that wouldn't normally bother me too much (though this was the first time I smoked shisha without a cup of Turkish in my hands), but the fact that they had run out of so many other things too made me feel like this place was really ill-prepared for business. Without their Yelp! offer, my session would have been $17+, apparently because of the fruit bowl that I didn't know I was getting. Not sure I'll try this place again unless I'm jonesing and they're the only place open nearby.
4	This is nice hookah lounge, not too big, but the ambiance was good. I have been to several however, this was the first time for my friend. I was pondering which flavor to get, as I like to sometimes try something new. Blueberry was recommended, I liked it. She only took three pulls total, but liked it also.Apparently there is no additional charge for extra charcoals; the host was attentive to when they need to be replaced.
3	The Lounge is very pretty, with Egyptian artwork covering the walls, pillows on the booth seats and dim lighting. There's a pool table which you can play on for $5/hour, and there were also people playing a board game at a nearby table-next time I go, I'm bringing one since I'm a sucker for bars you can play games at.Zayn's offers up a variety of teas-the red raspberry and pomegranate were phenomenal-as well as Turkish coffee, smoothies and sodas.The music was eclectic, courtesy of our hookah master's iPod playlist, and overall the vibe was just really relaxed and peaceful. The booths are intimate and great for conversation, and there's also a big private room in the back for parties.As for the hookah, Zayn's offers about three dozen flavors. I really liked the peach kind I tasted, and everything smelled so good, I'd almost compare smoking hookah to aromatherapy-it just made me feel really relaxed and happy. And for all you cigarette smokers out there-you can smoke the sticks at Zayn's, as well.Maybe give it a try during the daily happy hour from 6-7 p.m., when hookah smoking sessions are half-off. Zayn's also features deejays and belly dancing sometimes on weekends, so there's a lot more to take in there than just the smoke. For more info, check out www.zaynshookahlounge.com.
2	Decided to do a laid-back Friday night at this hookah lounge with a gorup of buddies. Came in around 11:00 and this place was somewhat empty- not much going here for a Friday night. Anyways my biggest complaint was that the hookah was not hitting very hard. I love going to hookah lounges where the smoke is nice and thick. I had to keep asking the server to see if he could change out the coals or pack another bowl- but gave up after the 3nd refill. I think these are low-end hookahs- one hose too...If you like house or trance music with your hookah then this is the spot. Biggest surprise of the night was the group of guys we had had to pay $5.00 a head (girls free). I've been to tons of hookah lounges and never once have been charged a cover charge on top of the hookah we bought. More annoying since this place was EMPTY on a Friday night. Watch out! I guess these guys think they're XS or Marquee or something.
3	Place has always been great. I have been going for 2-3 years now, but they just started to go cover charges for the weekends... They never used to charge me for the cover charge. I used to bring 6-7 people every time I went and brought life to the place, but now I can only bring 3-4 without having a bill of 50 or more. They should drop the cover charge because the dj isn't even that good...
4	Friendly staff and great ambiance. Lots of places to sit, however, if it gets crowded, you will have to sit next to random people. The shisha is pretty good for the most part. There's free pool also if you're into that.The only buzzkill is that there are a lot of highschool kids on the weekends that seem to make it in here without ID? So it gets really annoying and loud. Other than that, I enjoy this place.
3	This place is small but cozy. During the weekdays its a nice place to relax and enjoy some hookah. On Friday and Saturday night they due have $5 cover. The hookah always smokes nice plus they have fruit bowls. The staff is nice and attentive. They also have a pool table and punching bag game. Like most hookah lounges they play house music and have black lights and lasers. Overall its a nice place to hangout with friends.
