5	This place is fabulous! I walked in and said, "Do you watch Mad Men? I need to be Joan." The owner responded, "I have the perfect Joan dress for you." She helped me find the perfect dress ($20), earrings ($6), brooch ($14) and gloves ($7) for the part.The store looks like it used to be an old home. It's a bit crowded, but they have awesome vintage clothes, accessories and housewares. As you can see, the prices are extremely reasonable. Some may consider the owner overly chatty, but personally I appreciate shopping at small businesses with staff who are knowledgeable about what they sell and eager to talk about it.This is now my go-to vintage store. Love it!
4	-Nice selection of Vintage duds.-Some things seemed reasonable priced. Diverse selection of cool retro stuff. No FUNKY smells either.-Cool little old house (circa 1930's or 1940's???) that is now a store...totally fun to walk through.-Friendly service.-Parking is ok, but a concern to back out into the busy street. Park in the back, by entering an alley off one of the side streets.
5	That's right - 5 stars.  I don't care if I am 5-star happy.  I loved this place.Hubby and I stopped in after doing some grocery shopping.  We were surprised it was open on a Sunday as it looked like a little "mom and pop" shop that wouldn't be.  So, already props for being open.We are always leery of "over sellers" when we go into places like this.  We had been furniture shopping all weekend and we had had enough of being tailed through stores.The owner/worker? was very pleasant.  She greeted us and then went back to what she was doing.  (We like that!)We were free to wander, poke, pick, etc. without so much as a peep from her.  The shoe area was well organized and we felt comfortable looking.  The women's clothes were VERY eclectic, well-priced and fun to look through.  I mentioned that we should bring his teenage daughter there as her style is a bit more "funky" and "hippy-ish."  It is a bit crowded but I am claustrophobic (really) and I was fine.As we made our way out (without purchasing anything) we thanked her and said we'd be back.  She said, "Did you get one of our flyers for Second Saturdays?"  Pleasant as could be!  Good job!  We chatted briefly about second Saturdays (definitely look into this - this weekend will be the first one) and we went on our way.  NO GUILT FOR NOT BUYING!Anyway, I am sure we will be back when we don't have pork cooking itself in the car.  Loved it!
4	Sweet joint... not a lot of clothes but a ton of cool old stuff.  Prices are pleasant.  I love how this shop is situated in an old house and the goods are located where you'd find them in a home.  Kitchen stuff in the kitchen, bathroom stuff in the bathroom, everything else in the living room and bedrooms.  Much more stuff for ladies than gents, but certainly worth checking out.  ...if yer into that sort of thing.  (By "that sort of thing" i mean, anything pre ipod.)
5	Gotta love this place.Treasures to be found.Though I wish they had less pyrex and more fireking - I love all the finds to be had. While shopping in these two small old houses you start your mission to find something fun, unique and special. I have quite a few fun vintage necklaces from Cheap Thrills (in addition to shoes, outfits and some random fun finds)They have a fun punch card and after ten items you get 10% off your next purchase (this might be for just the Cheap Thrills house to the East, since the newer West house version is mostly furniture)I love checking in every couple weeks to see what is "new" at Cheap Thrills!
5	My boyfriend and I just went into Cheap Thrills for the first time the other day (we saw some positive reviews so we took the 25 minute drive to get there). We walked in and my boyfriend needed a costume for work and the lady who was working helped him find the perfect outfit within 10 minutes. She was extremely helpful, knowledgable on what we were looking for (which was awesome) and she didn't try to talk us into buying a thousand other things. I was VERY happy with that as many places follow you around bugging you to buy their things.This place is full of really cool things. My favorite was the old jewelry (things that I would wear) and the old cameras. My boyfriend bought his outfit, then we went next door and bought some cute mirrors for our apartment and some glasses. I would definitely recommend checking this place out if you want some cool unique things!
4	I came here in hope of finding some great vintage pieces for my bedroom for a good price. FOUND IT.  Unlike all of the other OVERPRICED consignment stores in scottsdale this place was PERFECT. REASONABLE to CHEAP prices. GREAT vintage finds...I can't rave enough about this place. I bought TWO matching 70's retro nightstands ...got BOTH for 50 bucks.. a little paint and some new knobs and my dream room is complete. Amazing furniture, cool clothes, SPECTACULAR trinkets to complete any house with that 'lived in' vintage feel. COME HERE FIRST BEFORE OVERPAYING AT ANY OTHER CONSIGNMENT STORE!
5	I remember visiting this store at the old location off Cave Creek and hearing about the move. I always find awesome deals and the owner always makes you feel right at home which is super cool. She is very knowledgeable and always has a great  selection.
5	What a fun little place to visit while I was on my spring break vacation! The building was an old house that just as fun walking through as looking through the delightful selection of vintage clothing.There was so many clothes to look through, vintage western shirts, dresses, coats and an AMAZING selection of jewelry. The owner is very friendly, nice to talk to. I am definitely coming back to Cheap a thrills on my next vacation. Oh and don't forget to look in the building next door that has furniture and a scattering of home decor and fabric.
4	Fun & Unique. Need something vintage? A fun little gem to complete your decorative room? Just need to be inspired? I have checked out this place a few times and can wander between the different rooms of the 1950's home turned business and find something new each time I walk through--even on the same visit! GREAT prices too :)Cheap Thrills has costume-ish clothes/shoes/purses and jewlery for anyones taste.Cheap Thrills 2 (located right next door) is my favorite with home furnishings and random things you just have to have that you never knew you needed. ;)Definitely recommend-- a fun Sunday adventure & a nice place to find a gift/treasure for you or someone you know.
4	Awesome store! This place has some fabulous finds. Unique, fun and well priced :)
