1	I wish I could give this "restaurant" zero stars.  I've eaten here three times now and each time, the food was HORRIBLE.  The chicken strips, drumsticks, and thighs are tiny, overcooked, and shriveled. The service is awful, too.  If there's a long line, you can bet that there's one person working the register and four employees standing around and looking dumb.  There's no hustle at all.  They clearly don't care for you.The only good news is that students in Oakland have a lot of options, and they'll soon figure out that this place isn't worth it.  Soon enough, this place will become yet another empty, roach filled monument to incompetence.
1	Very tasty food with extremely bad service! Didn't tell me I have to wait for my apple pie to be sent to the table. So when I got my order, I found there's no apple pie, so I asked and they said they would give it to me soon. After I finished my everything, they still didn't come. I got it finally when I came to them again and said where's my apple pie, they just slowly picked it outta the machine and gave it to me, without saying sorry or whatsoever. Plus, they were giving me attitudes like all time while I was being polite. I'm asian and I got a bunch of very good black friends. This is my first time to be treated racially by several black ppl.
4	Love that chicken from Popeyes!Seriously, getting off the bus and just having the smell of delicious fried chicken wafting around Oakland is heaven, and the food lives up to the smell! The inside is clean and quite large, and the service there has always been fast and friendly for me. You can order online too, which is great if you have an especially large order, or you want an even faster fast food. They've got all the national specials that run for Popeyes. Oh, they have this crazy futuristic soda machine with, like, a million different drinks to choose from. Pretty neat. Now if Popeyes would just bring back fried chicken livers....
2	The service here is absolutely terrible. The staff and managers are rude, slow and impersonal. The food is good though.
1	I wish I could give zero stars.  I walked up to the counter and the cashier tells me she isn't working yet.  Then the manager comes out and tells her she is the only cashier.  Then I waited like a fool for several minutes while the cashier fumbled around with her drawer before I walked out without ordering.If you're even thinking of eating here, snack yourself in the face and go someplace with decent food and service.
2	Man, this place is a disaster now. Disgusting bathrooms, disheveled employees, sticky floors. But the chicken keeps me a'commin' back.
