1	Although you may think different ... this place is NOT FAST FOOD. They are located in the center of the 6th largest city and they have exactly ONE cash register. And not only that, the staff move as if they are mentally challenged and have an IQ of 60.The food is typical Church's but ya' might want to plan ahead and make sure you have plenty of extra free time ...
5	Wow, here came another coupon for lunch at Church's for $2!  I am SO there!!Ok, so this was a Leg & Thigh Meal , with fries & a biscuit.  The service was friendly, everything was right in the bathroom, the food was great (including the fries), the dining room was clean & comfortable, & lunch was TWO DOLLARS!  That's all there is, folks!     :-))
1	Good food, BUT the problem is they never seem to get the order right, you are always waiting on something or they don't have something, and they only give you one dipping sauce per 3-piece strips meal. Last visit they didn't have any biscuits, another visit they needed to substitute a chicken leg for a chicken strip because they were short one, another visit they gave us 3-piece strips when we ordered 4-piece strips. We even ordered the 4-piece strips so that they would give us the extra dipping sauce, but they still screwed it up. I think this place is under bad management because the service used to be a lot better. We are planning to go to their other location at 35th Ave & Van Buren or just get chicken from McDonald's across the street until they improve. A ban for 6 months.
1	After I stayed loyal to my 6-month ban I have returned to this location 2x now and have been disappointed both times. Both times I got the chicken strips. Both times I was asked if I wanted dipping sauce. Both times I said yes to the dipping sauce. Both times I was handed my order with no dipping sauce. At this point I'm thinking this might be more than mere forgetfulness. Is it possible that the staff here are stealing the dipping sauces to take home? Sounds ridiculous for most of us. But this location is staffed primarily by immigrants (I know because of the accents) and perhaps to them some free dipping sauce to take home to their families is a cost-saving measure. If you think about it, every chicken strip order that gets rung up is allotted 1-2 dipping cups. If they don't hand out dipping sauce several times a day, this adds up to a lot of free ones they can take home, without any shortage in inventory. Anyway, the ban is back on. The location at 35th Avenue and Van Buren I've never had a problem with. So I will continue to take my business to that location.
4	This location is on the corner where 7th avenue, Van Buren and Grand Ave intersect.  It's a convenient stop for those in the area wanting a drive thru dinner.  Once you enter downtown Phoenix you'll encounter only dine-in restaurants (except for the McDonald's catty-cornered from here).Reviews for this Church's location say service is slow.  I've never experienced a long wait through the drive thru and the employees are generally nice.Sure, the area is a little seedy, but the most perfectly brined and greasy chicken is served from their deep fryers!!
1	I've been here 4 times now.  It was ok and worthy of 3 or 4 stars.  They got me bad in two ways though.1.  Church's wings aren't crispy.  Wings gotta be crispy.  And Church's buffalo sauce is a syrup.  It's sugary.  It wasn't the BBQ!  It was the spicy buffalo.  It's the color of that bright red sweet-and-sour sauce at cheap chinese places.  And it's sweet.  No!2.  This last time that I went the chicken was soggy, pouring grease, raw in the center, and it smelled strongly like piss.  I was not a jerk to the staff.  I just ordered and waited for it to be cooked.  They took it off the tray with the rest of the chicken.  I didn't get mistreated, it was just HORRIBLE food.It was raw and smelled like piss.  That "nobody flushed this toilet for 24 hours" smell of piss.  Disgusting.
