5	First walking in, I loved the decor and furniture. There's a couple couches to sit on and vape on. Theres a cool aquarium hugging the wall across from all the showcases. A good touch if you ask me. I like a good clean shop to go into, it makes me feel like going into a nice house aha.Service was great, the tall guy of which i can't remember his name i'm sorry greeted me and told me he would be with me soon, as there were a couple customers ahead of me. I didn't mind waiting. I took a good look around and in the showcases. Basic kits and a few rda's also, i saw a rsst in the shop as well. When it was my turn, i asked if the shop carried any mechanicals. He said they sold out quickly along with the igo-w's aha. Maybe they were inexpensive which is nice and i'll walk in again when they have more in stockThere's a good variety of juice sold here, from pink spot, Fuzion, Uncle Junk's, Halo, and i believe a couple more i can't remember. The testing rack is located at the register and there are two menus at what looks like a bar table with bar stools. Kind of comfortable. Cartomizers were used as flavor testers. I find this somewhat a good thing as there's more taste of which flavor you're tasting. Plus for me, but i know there are people out there that don't like carto's.I ended up purchasing Gummy blood by Fuzion Vapor. I swiped my card and thanked him and walked off. Before I walked out the door he yelled out "by the way," and mentioned that Gummy Blood will eat up plastic tanks. I did not know this and was thinking of putting this in my rsst once i got home. If he didn't tell me i would have ended up throwing away the plastic tank of my rsst and have to order a replacement online. Thank you for the info!Prices are in the norm. So if you were to be in the area and needed the juice, it'd be ok to stop here. Great looking store, clean, good service, good selection of juice and informative of what you're selling, saved my rsst aha. Check Liquid Vape House out.
5	Very classy and professional. Great juice selection and knowledgeable staff. Best in Vegas!
5	I live really close to this shop and had noticed it a lot driving home from work but wasn't planning on stopping in.  In my experience most so-called vape shops aren't really worth the time to walk in the door so I fully expected to never go in.  However, one evening I found myself completely out of juice and was in need.  I normally go to PSV but they're kind of far out of the way and it was 6:30 at night.  No way I'd make it before they closed.  So I sucked it up and ran over to just grab a juice.  The tall guy that works there was really nice, greeting me when I walked in and promptly assisting me.  I told him I just wanted a juice, not realizing that they stock a lot of juice from various places (including my beloved PSV).  I was pretty glad but I typically get my juice custom made (extra vg, every time) so I wasn't too excited because I don't like the juices stock.  I had mentioned this and he suggested a few different brands that I might want to try.  I took him up on the offer and I am so glad that I did!!  I ended up falling in LOVE with Pluto from a company called Space Jam.  Their juice names are space themed (which, as an amateur astrophysicist, I thought was the coolest thing) and Pluto was delish!!  It tastes like watermelon pop rocks and is so yummy, it didn't last  two days.  Then, he took his time and showed me a few different mods and tanks because I had mentioned that I'm looking to replace my current one.  Even though the time I was in there quickly approached closing time, I never felt rushed and he seemed like he was glad to have me in.  I haven't been back yet simply but I will be going back again very soon and I can honestly say that I'm looking forward to a follow up visit.  The only negative I have is that they only accept Visa and Mastercard so I have to remember to have cash on me before I head over.
5	The owner is nicest guy in the world. He carries lots of premium brand juice (space jam, uncle junk's, etc). Great selection of mostly clone RBAs, RTAs, and RDAs. Picked up a kraken clone for about $40. He also has clones of the Kayfun, Helios, Patriot, Trident and lots more.   Solid store.
5	Best vape store in Vegas ! Jesse is a super nice guy and always gives great customer service! Great juice selection with quality juices. Go in and check it out, you won't regret it !
5	Great store, great juices, great friendly customer service, great vaping products for all your needs and wants at a very good price. ..
5	This place is worth the trip no matter where you live in the Valley. I value customer service above just about anything else a business can provide. Jesse and his assistant (can't remember his name for the life of me) are more than happy to help you out no matter if it's your first time checking out vaping all the way to helping you build the biggest, baddest mod you can.Bought my first vaporizer from some mini-mart/head shop with no research or knowledge. Shame on me. Got waayyy overcharged and was none the wiser. After buying juices from gas stations and head shops and being disappointed several times, we were out of juice and stopped here one day. Impressed with the way the store looks, we discovered the tasting menu and cartomizer set-up. We bought several juices and Jesse gave us a bit of explanation about PG vs. VG juices and a few helpful ideas about how to improve our vaping experience.Since then we've bought a couple batteries, 2 tanks, coils and of course more liquids. One of our tanks came with a defective coil, they made it right - right away!Jesse is always willing to answer questions and recommend products based on what you want out of vaping, not neccesarily the most expensive thing in the store. The only negative thing I can say about the place is that they do get busy sometimes and you might have to wait a while. I think good service is
5	Liquid Vape House is the best shop on the east side. The owner keeps his shop stocked and he has good prices. He has everything you need to start vaping and quit smoking. I know I said best on the east side, but you should really make a point to come here from anywhere in Vegas.
