4	This bar is right next to LAX in Luxor. We came here because we were waiting in line for the club and decided to get some drinks in the meantime. I asked for a jagerbomb and the bartender goes, "Would you like 1 for $15 or 3 for $13??" Okay I'm no lush by any means, but I'm not an idiot either. I took 3 for $13 and needless to say, I lasted less than an hour at LAX before I felt like puking and just going home. I hate my lame asian tolerance level... ugh.
4	Was passing thru the hotel and felt a little parched. The prices were very reasonable and the service was outstanding. Younger crowd, but once you start to drink. It all blends.
4	Flight is the bar across from the LAX nightclub at the Luxor.  A couple of unique features of this bar are the big Plasma's on the wall behind the bar, reason they are unique is they engulf the view from the bar so there isn't a bad seat in the place. Lounge tables and chair with bottle and individual cocktail services.Try the Mojito's with the fresh sugar cane in the drink; awesome!!!
2	I bought two overpriced drinks -- a vodka soda and a vodka cranberry -- from a grouchy bartender who skipped over people who had been waiting for much longer in order to serve loud drunk girls.  Dude, all I wanted was to buy these drinks and go on my way.  There were, at most, 7 people at the bar.  Took 15 minutes to get a couple of weak drinks.  Should have saved my money.
3	This is the bar adjacent to LAX. We met a couple friends who were staying at Luxor here before we hit the town. The lounge itself is really nice, comfortable seating, and some nice TVs behind the bar. I found the bar staff helpful.However, our first round of drinks was $17 (not including tip) for a Sam Adams and a Malibu & Pineapple. I realize this is the strip, but this isn't a club. Its not even close, its a casino floor bar. Our second round was a couple dollars cheaper when I got a Miller Lite instead of a Sam Adams. Ugh! Thank goodness we decided to take our friends to Fremont Street where I was able to get a Miller Lite for $2. The first drink my wife had was strong, but the second was more pineapple than anything else. Anyway...about 30 minutes into our time here, a waitress stopped by. I don't know where she came from, but she was there one second and gone for about 10-15 minutes before she came back. Flight is not a large place, and it wasn't anywhere near full. I don't know if she was also working cocktails on the floor. She also kept forgetting our drink orders. This bar is on the Strip, so its going to be pricey, but I think because its right next to LAX its a bit pricier. I am certain there are cheaper bars in the Luxor.
5	Im only giving this bar all stars, because their pina coladas ROCK your freaking butt off! that is if you like that stuff. Which I do!The barpeople are so much fun as well and you can pick up your nightly high class hooker there too :)
4	I love this place! Friend and I stopped in last year while the boys went to play craps.  Had one too many Cosmopolitan Flights and was ready to pass out on the red-eye flight home!  Had a super nice waitress, who actually took the time to sit and talk with us.  Lo and behold, we decided to repeat the process on this trip and had the same waitress! She remembered us and what we all talked about, and was fantastic. She and her husband are expecting, and I say congrats, Elizabeth! Thanks for everything!  Hope to see you next time!
4	Flight was a perfect escape from the casino floor. It wasn't crowded and we were able to get drinks very quickly. The drinks were quite pricey. It was a place we were able to chill in for a bit before moving on to the next thing. The set up and layout lends itself to a lot of in and out because it's so open. It's also a great pit stop if you are waiting to get into the LAX night club.
1	Went in on a Monday night....a few of what appeared to be bartenders, but couldn't get anyone to wait on us for over 5 min..Needless to say...we left and went over to Liquidity where we got great service!
4	Cool place to grab a drink if your staying at the Luxorl or waiting to get into LAX nightclub. Open & airy, dark romantic vibe going on, and they have video poker at the bar.Tip- you get free drinks if you'r playing at the bar! hallah! Tip- try the Vodka tonic w/ lime
5	We stayed at the Luxor, and this was the bar that we went to each day once we had tried them all. It has a nice feel to it, the people are friendly (except one guy that was an arrogant jackass, but you know, you get that every so often), and they give you good drinks too. It is comfortable and convenient to the elevators to the pyramid rooms. One of the bartenders even took great pictures of us literally right after we got back from being married and they are some of the best that we have from our trip.  Highly recommended if you are staying at the hotel.
4	Really chill bar with an amazing mojito made by our bartender Steve. It was a fun place to play some video poker!
3	Just OK. Had a great time here watching hockey - practically had the bar to ourselves. Bartender Steven was very nice and we had a great time chatting with him. However the drinks were only medium strong and really pricey!! Should have run up to our room and mixed our own.
1	Truly awful place, so much so I've sought it out for a review. I forget the bartender's name, but I wish I hadn't. He should have been fired on the spot with what I saw.Saturday night, me and two of my friends wanted to use our $20 coupon for drinks. There's a total of 5 people other then us at the bar. Instead of serving us right away, the bartender is cleaning up every empty bottle on the bar. No joke takes him 5 minutes to even recognize our presence.When he finally acknowledges us, we order 3 domestic beers. After doing other stuff for a few minutes, he finally opens up 3 beers, we almost 10 minutes into being at a nearly empty bar, we have a drink in our hands. Unsurprisingly our $20 doesn't cover the bill. We still owe $3. I tip him $2 even though he doesn't deserve it. Whatever, overpriced drinks in Vegas, that is nothing new.Well 2 minutes after we get our drinks a customer next to us is unhappy with a "weak" drink that the bartender made and he wants another one. With no other management in sight, the bartender completely loses his cool and says, "I don't make any f'ing weak drinks. That's a bunch of bull s***." They proceed to argue and we decide it's a good time to leave.MGM if you read this... you should be embarrassed that you employ someone who is A. A clueless bartender and B. Berates a customer when they complain with foul language. I don't think any customer would be missing anything if they closed this bar down.
4	We had a $20 coupon in our Luxor book so after not finding any cocktail waitresses on the floor, we decided to grab drinks here.  Any $20 off of $20 coupon is awesome. Drink prices were super cheap for it being a bar and our server was pretty nice.  There was an issue with using the coupon and new checks had to be printed three times but it all worked out.
