3	This seems to be a chain throughout the greater Las Vegas area. We were looking for a somewhat healthful lunch to make us feel like we were having a healthy weekend sans bad food and alcohol. Denial is a great thing!The place has the feel of a Subway, but what sets Port of Subs apart is that the meat and cheese are sliced to order. Was the sandwich stellar? No. Was it satisfying after a late evening? Sure. Kudos for having fresh brewed ice tea, although we really should have been re-hydrating with water.
5	By far, the best subs in Vegas. I love Subway for day-to-day meals but Port of Subs is like a treat. When you load them up with EVERYTHING, these monsters are awesome! I've since moved from Vegas to Korea to Phoenix and now it's 13 miles from work to the nearest one :(
3	Came here on a Easter Sunday only because every other sandwich spot was closed. I have been to other Port of Subs and they usually dont disappoint. Well this one really disappointed.Me and my 12 year old son ordered an Extra Large #1 which was a 2 footer on sourdough and the wifey ordered a Medium Avocado Turkey and Bacon which was 8 inches on sourdough as well.The #1 has Capicola, Salami, Ham, and Pepperoni with Provolone Cheese. The Avocado Turkey Bacon was exactly that. We had them put everything on both sandwiches like lettuce, onions, mustard, mayo, etc. The major disappointment was that the bread for both orders were dry, which was too bad because it kind of cancelled out the good taste of what was inside the sandwiches. I was only able to eat half my sandwich since I didnt really find it too appealing.Service was nice and friendly. I was glad that they were open while everybody else decided to stay closed.In closing, I have had a sandwich here before but the bread was never that dry. Hopefully, the next visit will yield a better experience and if so I will change my rating accordingly.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #110
3	Typical Port of Subs food, which means it's pretty good but not the best in town.  One problem with this location is that they don't seem to want to sell gift cards.  Cash or debit card only, and debit card use comes with a fee.  Credit card is fine for the food so not sure what the issue is.
5	Love this place!!!!! this is my favorite location to visit. The staff is always very friendly and they're super quick. Store is so clean and food is just awesome. My stomach is now complete. I live so close so it's convenient. But I'd drive past other sandwich shops, just to grub here.
