4	Whenever I'm in the mood for a little pool and a little hookah, this is where I go...plenty of tables, plenty of hashish flavors(I'm partial to pomegranate, myself), and an internet jukebox(I tend to pick "Master of Puppets" by Metallica, "Don't Stop Believin" by Journey, and we LOVE to torment everyone with the 19-minute long 'Goodbye, Sky Harbor' by Jimmy Eat World, haha!)...
1	Total Joke! A place for kids to smoke! Even if you just want to play pool, you have to deal with all of the smoke and immature people. For some reason a few people think hookah is cool, but for each is their own! This place can really be a great place if it was serious!
1	The only things I have to say.Over packed bowls.Unfriendly people. Over priced poolThe worst thing of allCAMERA'S IN THE BATHROOM!!! I get safety reasons and stuff but that's taking it WAY to far. Disgusting and disturbing...
5	I've been here like a zillion times! Not just because it's the best Silver Q location, but because it's been a consistently good experience for the better half of a decade that I've popped in. Seriously, I was such a regular that this is where you would assume you could find me if I didn't pick up my flip phone. Yeah, me and the Q go way back like that. Anyway, I hadn't stopped by for like a year, probably the longest I've gone without a check in, just to see if it was good as always. It was better. -The clientele aren't a bunch of rambunctious 18-20 year olds anymore. Not that there's anything wrong with that, I just don't wanna feel like an old man. :-p-The three projections on the wall next to each other are freaking awesome. Rumor has it that these can be utilized for gaming, which would only further confirm the score I'm giving it. -The hookahs are way better than they used to be. The owner makes them correctly, arguably better than anyone I've encountered in the valley. And I've been to a LOT of these. :-oI could go on, but this somehow manages to be a BETTER establishment than what I remember. Play some pool, watch the game, have some Starbuzz or something. No regrets.
5	Wow I'm blown away. I got an email from the new owner apologizing for a bad experience from the previous time I had when it was under the old management and I have to say this is now my new favorite place. They were super nice and friendly they have great lasting hookah (the moonshine mix is AMAZING) they have board games that you can play with your friends while you're chilling out, always have fresh coals. Pool tables galore. Even tho the tv was down (satalite problems) I still had a great experience. Will be back for sure quiet a lot I'm glad this place is back.P.s. no more cameras in the bathroom! YAY!!:)
5	Definitely recommend this place...Very chill and layed back. Not one of those lounges that give you the creeps walking in. Will definitely be going back.
