1	The guy in the store was nice enough, but the mattress we bought is terrible. Had to do a warranty replacement after a few months. Then, after a year or so, called them again. The clown who showed up tested the very center of the mattress instead of the place we showed him had a problem. I'll never shop with Mattress Firm again.
5	I came here with no intent of buying a mattress, just lay on a few. Faith was a huge help and wound up selling me one. Got a killer deal, and same day delivery. If you are looking for a mattress, come see Faith!--update--Delivery guys were on time, quick, and even set up the frame so we were ready to go. To my surprise I found my frame and the mattress protector for half price on the Mattress Firm website. I would think that the website and stores would be in sync, but they aren't. I will be going back to see if they can make good on that tomorrow, I do not foresee an issue but if there is I will surely update. Called around to a few other mattress stores and I got my mattress and box springs for around $600 less than everywhere I called quoted on the phone. I feel I got a great deal on that part, just not stoked about the $150 extra cost in the add ons. I am out of here, time to go get a good nights sleep on my new Stearns and Foster!--update 2--Manager promised to credit the difference in cost on the add ons. After calling a couple days I felt that he was avoiding me as he kept giving me excuses of how busy they are. On the fifth or sixth day I went in as it is harder to avoid someone face to face. He seemed to be avoiding again, but I got him to give me a dollar amount to be credited. He said it was posted on the second day after purchase but may take two weeks. When I checked my account the following week it was there and sure enough was sent on the second day after purchase but took a few days to clear. I am unsure why he was acting so dodgy when he had already posted it. Point is, they keep their five stars. I would not hesitate to deal with them again in the future.
1	The "Customer Service" here is a joke. I was tricked, and have been given the run around to get my money back for a transaction I cancelled in less than 24 hours. When I called back I was told that they were helping "paying customers" and wouldn't help me with my credit. I go to Customer Service and can't be helped because I bought the bed at a store. I ended up saving $30 for the same mattress somewhere else, if I only saved $30 it's clear my issue isn't price it's Customer Service. I would suggest reading all reviews and knowing exactly what you are getting into before stepping into this place.
4	I have bought two mattress sets from this location and we've been happy with both.  We brought in the ads with us to ask for the sale prices and were given no trouble.  They discounted the delivery and bed frames because we bought both pieces, the mattress and the platform.  Delivery was actually ahead of the scheduled delivery time, and the guys who delivered were very kind to our dogs.  I definitely recommend this location!
