3	Watson Road is one of the last stops on the West side of Buckeye while heading towards California so I knew I should stop for a bite to eat (or wait over an hour til the next town). I saw the signs for a Cracker Barrel and my memories of a good 'ol hot country breakfast sounded real good. When I got inside and realized how packed the place was, I decided to order the food to go. So, based purely on what I could eat while driving, I had to say no to the biscuits and gravy I so love or their fluffy pancakes. I narrowed it down to handheld food; sandwiches. Almost went with their catfish or grilled chicken, but ended up with the meatloaf sandwich (hoping for a lil bit of comfort with each bite). The sourdough bread (which had some sort of glaze) was really good, but it wasn't toasted so the meatloaf started to make the bread soggy. And their meatloaf wasn't thick and generous like I've had at BJ's or other restaurants. And because it wasn't made too firm, it kept falling out of the sandwich and onto my shirt (lucky, no car accidents). The store had neat stuff (bought a cow mug that had utters) to browse while waiting for my meal and the servers (thanks Jenifer) were great. But if you want to eat and enjoy their food, don't get it to go. My biggest mistake.
4	Oh Cracker Barrel how I have missed you since my honeymoon 6 years ago!  I was sooo excited when we decided to take a Phoenix roadtrip because I knew you were in my future!! :)Love the store, I can always find a good treasure.  And there is a particular candy my husband can only find there so we loaded up on his Zotz.  Our server was friendly and good.  We ordered breakfast and I was totally bummed with the gravy for my biscuits. It was bland. The hashbrown casserole, however, was absolutely heavenly.  I've already googled the recipe!  My family did enjoy their pancakes and french toast. I will always stop at CB when I find one.  Hopefully they never come to California!! :) :)
3	My spouse was excited as we approached Cracker Barrel on our drive, and what we found was classic, stick-to-your-ribs foods, served nicely, but not particularly exciting.  The food was good, it wasn't great.
4	Starving after 4 hours on the road but not wanting fast food places attached to gas stations Donna and I settled on Cracker Barrel. It's like every other Crack Barrel where you enter and exit the restaurant through a enormous gift shop full of surprisingly well prices candies, candles, knick knacks, toys, etc, etc. Food is comfort foods such as chicken fried steak, meatloaf, chicken and dumplings, ham, fried chicken, catfish, and other stuff. They even have breakfast. For my meal I had the hickory smoked bone-in country ham with fried okra and turnip greens for my sides. The ham was very smokey and tasted great. The greens were actually some of the best I've had. Chunks of ham hock all throughout the tender greens. Okra was fried perfectly and steaming hot. For $7.39 this was some good eats. Donna had the chicken and dumplings with "hashbrown casserole" and fried okra. Her meal didn't look good to me but she said it was excellent. Her meal was also $7.39. Very efficient and friendly service. Since you pay in the gift shop we couldn't resist and impulse bought some stuff. Their mission was accomplished!
4	Our last visit to a Cracker Barrel was back in December in Albuquerque, NM and it was AWFUL.  But we are in Buckeye where the choices are limited so we decided, why not.First, it's Cracker Barrel, it is what it is.  Comfort food, I usually get breakfast whenever we go and am a happy girl.  This time I had the fried catfish and it was excellent.  My husband had the chicken & dumplings and said his could have been a little hotter but honestly that is the only small issue we had and it wasn't enough for us to ask the waitress, who was very attentive, to heat it up or get something hotter.We were greeted and seated immediately.  Our waitress was one of the best we have ever had.  The place was clean and everyone was friendly.  Our food was good and we left happy and will return.
2	I've been eating at Cracker Barrel restaurants for over twenty years, and with the exception of a handful of meals and locations, I've relied on them for road trip meals due to consistency and quality.Living in Buckeye, I'm sorry to say that this location is not one of the better restaurants. The only CB worse than this is the one in Clinton, NJ on I-78. That one downright bites, and I've given them several chances.No, if you have a yen for one of CB standard comfort food dishes, I'd say go to Litchfield Road at I-10 in Avondale and pass on this location in Buckeye. Must be the management......................
3	***Cracker Barrel is a countrified Denny's, but the food is better than that chain and their lack of presence on the West Coast makes their Arizona location feel different and more unique than some of the other big chains you'll find there***When I was a kid, I used to eat at Cracker Barrel a lot (Cracker Barrel is a combination of a touristy general store and a countrified restaurant focusing on big breakfasts and home-style lunches/dinners).  Cracker Barrel is very popular in the Midwest and it is also a popular along-the-highway-stop in the Southeast.  I remember enjoying it, but my fondness for it has decreased over the years.Every Cracker Barrel looks the same.  They have a faux rustic outdoor cabin-like exterior with a faux porch lined with rocking chairs that you can purchase.  When you enter, you are immediately in a pseudo general store that offers touristy souvenirs and a lot of food items.  Not really pantry items.  Instead, you will find a lot of sweets like nostalgic candy, chocolates, caramels, syrups, jams, apple butters, candy sticks (15 cents per stick), Jelly Belly jelly beans, etc.Just past the general store you will find the restaurant.  The breakfast (which I believe is served all day) is a mix of your standard stuff like pancakes, french toast, eggs, bacon, sausage, biscuits, etc.  Bob Evans is a lot like Cracker Barrel and I think Bob Evans' breakfast is far superior.I went with a dish I have always ordered--chicken and dumplings with mashed potatoes and corn niblets.  The last time I had this dish was in Ohio and the dish was quite oily and bland.  The dish was still on the bland side though the dumplings/sauce were less oily (there was a much creamier base).The dumplings were a little bit too thin, but they were mostly fine and enjoyable.  The chicken was a relatively small portion and it was a little dry (but not too bad).  The chicken and dumplings could have definitely used a lot more seasoning (though places like Cracker Barrel tend to have to please an older clientele, who may have more sodium restrictions).The mashed potatoes were okay.  Not the creamiest or smoothest texture.  Very hot.  The corn was okay.I had the hot fudge sundae for dessert and it was not that bad of a deal (it was under $3).  Served in a frozen mug, the sundae consisted of two scoops of Blue Bell vanilla ice cream, hot fudge, whipped cream, and a maraschino cherry.  The whipped cream was of the canned/aerosol variety, but the ice cream was decent.  It had a good flavor and was firm and creamy.  It was also not too whipped or airy (which you get at a lot of family restaurants).The hot fudge was also good and warm.Service was fine.  It was pleasant and quick.  I do not think I would classify Cracker Barrel as authentic country cuisine, but they definitely achieve a consistent look and personality with all their waitresses (no matter what state you are in).Pricing is more than reasonable.  You get a lot of food and you do not have to pay much.  Most of their entrees are below $10 and desserts run about $4 and below.You could probably do worse than Cracker Barrel on the road.  Still, I think the food was pretty average at best.  But if you find yourself needing to stop somewhere on the road in Arizona, you will come across a lot of chains you can find in California.  Cracker Barrel is a big chain too, but their lack of presence on the West Coast at least makes this restaurant feel somewhat different and unique.This Cracker Barrel is in a seemingly new shopping development that has a huge and free parking lot.
5	Love this place and come here once a month at least!!  You have to try the hashbrown casserole as one of your sides!  They have great chicken fried chicken and pot roast!  My parents always get the chicken livers and my brother always gets the chicken n dumplins.  Desserts are great too, but you are usually too full by that time!  Portions are big!  Breakfasts are excellent too, as are salads.  Pretty much everything on the menu is great!
4	Being a native Californian-I never knew these existed till I drove from Los Angeles to Charlotte, NC in 2005 and realized they are everywhere!!! I kept seeing these bill boards every few miles and finally decided that I had to try one. Fearing it was something like a "Waffle House" which I'd had the misfortune to visit once at 3am, I was prepared to turn and walk out if it was disgusting. My first experience was a pleasant surprise and this location is pretty much the same, in fact, every location is the same, which is a good thing when you are on a road  trip and looking for a clean bathroom and somewhere to grab a bite, maybe get some entertainment for the road.The front entrance is lined with rocking chairs and this location has water misters out there, which is good because the only place I have been that is hotter than Buckeye is Needles, Ca and i think Needles, Ca is right underneath a hole in the Ozone!Anyway, inside they have a little country store with every kind of candy you can imagine and seasonal cute stuff along with books, toys, gifts and such. The bathrooms are usually way cleaner than you'd find at a truck stop, rest stop or gas station and they have a full service restaurant with a "down home" menu. Best thing is breakfast all day long and they make great breakfast! If you are on the road and looking for a clean, pleasant pit stop. This is a great place to spend some time and re-charge for the road.
5	I am the "duke" of this place so obviously I go way too often.  One of the main reasons I go here is because it is the only the sit down restaurant in the area.  At one point, I was an also employee of Cracker Barrel and I can honestly say they treat their employees as well as their customers!
4	On our drive over to Phoenix from LA, this was a perfect stop for all. Of course it's cheap and filling, but the best part is that they serve breakfast all day. I had the Country Boy breakfast and it was amazing. Tons of food all for $8.99. I had the sirloin steak, but in hindsight, probably should have gotten the country fried steak. The sirloin was a bit tough and over cooked, even I asked for medium.Lots of food and fairly quick for a sit down restaurant, this place had great service and is a treat on road trips!
5	I love this store!!!! I wish they had 1 in California. This is the closest one to me!! So I only come out here once a year, when we go to AZ for spring training. This place has the cutest stuff. And a great selection on old school candy! I didn't go to the restaurant this time but I have been before. They had good food as well, such as chicken and dumplings, which I consider cozy and a great home cookin' meal!! I'll be back next year!!!
3	I think I ordered the wrong item at this place.  They are known for homecooking, and now I regret ordering a cheeseburger (I'm a creature of habit) but the meat had a very very strange flavor.  My BF ordered a corned beef sandwich and that was very good.The store has cool and different items, definitely worth a trip on your way out of Phoenix.
1	We have been going to this Cracker Barrel for a year and a half, since we moved here and it progressively gets worse. The last four times the biscuits were so hard they could be used as hockey pucks. The kitchen help and the waitresses have to know that the biscuits are no longer fresh and need to be thrown away. The gravy was the consistancy of mached potatoes and the hasbrown casserole was dried out  beyond salvation. If the management doesn't open there eyes this place will soon be a ghost town. I will wait several weeks and see if they read this and make the necessary changes, if not, my money spends elsewhere.
4	I want to say that I am completely biased in this review.  Every time we go to Cracker Barrel it's at the end of a hard mission trip, so I am as hungry as a lion. Secondly, I'm in love with southern cooking so any restaurant with really good sweet tea is a winner.And yes, let's get to the food!  The chicken fried chicken is excellent.  It is not horrendously overcooked and the chicken was juicy, hot, and tender.  Most of the entrees come with two sides, so I got me some mash potatoes, whole kernel corn, and a side of grits.   Their grits are fairly good, but I should have asked them to put some melted butter over it.  I also tasted the fish fry (the Friday special), and the portions were very generous - two huge slabs of fried catfish.  I'm about to get that next time!  OR perhaps the rib eye steak, as their seasoning and sauce is something unique to Cracker Barrel.Overall, the ambience is cozy and homely.  The service was awesome, considering our party was for 40 people.  They kept us happy with topping off our glasses of sweet tea and giving us some plenty of cornbread. You gotta go here on your way through Arizona!
5	Cracker Barrel pancakes + maple syrup are the best!  Love this restaurant - they need to add Cracker Barrel in California
5	I moved here from Orange County in Southern California about 4 years ago, we don't have these restaurants back home. It took me 4-5 months before I realized that Cracker Barrel had a restaurant, from the outside it just looks like a retail store of country themed items and gifts.    The customer service at this store has always been good every time I've eaten here. The portions are good sized and I do find country/southern food items (catfish, okra etc.) on the menu that I do not see in other restaurants.  I wish they'd get Fried Green Tomatoes on the menu.
5	Good 'ol fashion home cooked meals served here!
4	Love this place-excellent food and service.
5	Ate there tonite. The chicken fried chicken was great. Will visit there soon again.  The wife particularly enjoys the chicken and dumplings.
4	Good Southern Cooking at it's finest.When entering the restaurant it feels like you are walking into an old country general store. I like the vibe and all neat stuff they sell inside including toys, candy, rocking chairs etc. We ate here for breakfast and it was just at delicious as I remember it from years ago. We don't have Cracker Barrel's in Southern Cali. The portions were pretty big and our waitress remembered all of our different orders perfectly. I reccommend the fried apples here... hot, sticky, cinnamon apples combined into a celebration in my belly. A lot of country breakfast variations on the menu for breakfast but also had a fresh fruit, and low carb options for those that want a different option. Service was nice and I loved the wooden chairs and tables around the place..it gave it a very rustic look. :)
5	Some of the hardest working people I've seen. I went on a Sunday morning for breakfast and I was impressed. We surprisingly only had to wait like ten minutes for a table. We sat down and we had a great server. He had personality (rare) and he actually conversed with us even though he was busy. I don't remember his name but he was a good guy. As a former busser, I watched how the bussers and servers worked together. It was like a "good job" kind of attitude I had towards them all. Love the fried apples and biscuits! Will return and try to get employed.
4	Don't know how many Cracker Barrels I've been to, but as I've said before, I'll five-star CB once I can dine at a location in Southern California. I came to this one with my mom, J, my cousin, her husband, their three kids (ages 7, 3, and 6mos), my aunt, and uncle. We ended up having two servers waiting on us; one for each half of the table. Can't recall what everyone got, just know that we all ate 98% of what we ordered. Everything is always so good! The lemonade hit the spot like no other. I can't remember our servers' names and I feel bad about that; they were both super friendly and helpful. Someone made the mistake of giving me access to both the breakfast and lunch / dinner menus. I was overwhelmed by all the possible yumminess to be had, and the one server had to come back to me a couple times. She was all kinds of patient with me. After we ate, I walked around the shop with my mom since this was her first time at a Cracker Barrel. I need their Solo Cup lights, stat.
3	it's cracker barrel, the usual... and as usual only a couple of dishes are good.  we ordered meat loaf, it was ok, the chicken & dumplings, good as usual, steak, ok, grilled chicken, don't order that, chicken tenders, pretty good. beef stew, gross and hot turkey sandwich, not great.  and my greens were so salty I could barely eat it!  too bad cause that's my favorite, so much so I ordered 2 and ended up leaving it barely touched!  boo! so if we ever go back, it will only be chicken dumplings & chicken fried steak. will not try anything else ever again :(
4	Who doesn't love Cracker Barrel? If you're returning home to CA on I-10, this particular location on the Western edge of Phoenix is THE last Cracker Barrel.We couldn't continue on to CA without stopping at Cracker Barrel just one last time, so we exited the freeway here for dinner. The weather was weird that day. It was 115 degrees and hot as hell, but there was also a big thunderstorm brewing. We couldn't leave our dogs in the car because of the heat, and we didn't think it would be a good idea to start driving into the storm while trying to eat at the same time. So we ate in the car, in the parking lot outside CB.The food was great as always. I made the mistake of ordering all the food but forgot to order the drinks. So when I went back inside a second time to order drinks only, I guess the staff didn't want to create another ticket and they gave me the drinks for free - cool!We'll definitely return to this location next time we're road-tripping.
1	Yuck..I thought it was related to Cracker Barrel Cheese. It's a cute country style store.. if you are looking for candy from the past and rockers..but do not go for foodThey do have a really good Sweet Tea..Say no the dumpling and chicken! I've never had it so I had to try but now I wish I didn't!
3	I had the BLT, the bread was a little bit soggy, also with vegetable beef soup, was okay.
4	We have eaten here dozens of times because it's one of the few sit down restaurants available to us here in Buckeye.  I love their breakfasts and fried chicken. The only thing I do not enjoy is the fact that 1/2 the time if you come in towards closing time the food generally ends up cold...which kinda sucks.  If you want some down home breakfast foods get it and love it!!!.  The country store is adorable. I would love to buy 2/3rds of what is in that store but my house just will not accommodate that much cuteness!!
4	Took my family here for the first time, great service and great prices. We will be back soon
4	My wife love Cracker Barrels for some reason. I have no idea why. I mean the food is ok I guess. She thinks it is awesome though. I would only have placed 3 stars but she really likes the place so it gets 4 stars because of that. Now that I think of it, I probably would have given it 4 stars based on our most recent visit. The waitress was spot on. Even with her fake southern accent. (I think it was fake... I mean it is Arizona. Maybe she is from someplace else though) About 7 to 10 miles away was another Cracker Barrel with a 30 min wait. This is the last Cracker Barrel you will hit if you are taking the 10 back to California. (No Cracker Barrels in California. No White Castles either... which is sad but whatever this is a Cracker Barrel review)I got what I always get when I come here. Fried Catfish. Sometimes I may switch it up with Country Fried Chicken but not this time. My wife is a breakfast person, so I think that is why she likes to eat here. She got the Uncle Herschel's breakfast with the Fried Catfish. (copy cat) I also got a side of dumplings though the side doesn't have the chicken... you would think they could throw in a few pieces of chicken though. My catfish was good as always. No complaints here. The one thing that kept happening during the meal was that the servers or pick up crews kept dropping dishes. It was getting so out of hand...that everytime it happened there was an applause at one point. If you like Cracker Barrel make a note of this place on your drive back to California though. It is the last one you will see until you come back to Arizona.
5	For being a chain restaurant, CB is pretty awesome. I love the variety in their menu (sometimes I stare at it, unable to decide). And for someone who isn't a good cook (me!), it's nice to go out for an affordable, home-cooked meal. I love the country store attached to the restaurant. Fun to browse, and I've found some great birthday/holiday gifts there, too!
3	Place was clean, friendly service and felt just like what I grew up with traveling the southeast on family vacations.Pics look good but the eggs were under cooked, hash browns not well done as requested. Gravy cold. My two year old loves the place, wife wasn't thrilled with the coffee. Fun place to stop maybe lunch would be better :-)
5	Oh Cracker Barrel...How do I love thee? Let me count the ways...1) Your pancakes are always delicious with a slight crisp to the edges. And a little birdie told me it's because they cook them in...(wait for it...WAIT FOR IT...) margarine! *GASP!* The condiment snob in me is slightly disturbed that they don't use real butter to cook them, but it's still delicious. 2) I love that I get syrup in cute little glass individual bottles that are warm and ready to drizzle on my carbolicious plate. 3) It's simple, cheap eats. I pretty much only hit up this location because it's literally 5 minutes from my mom's crib in the great city of Buckeye. And they pretty much know me and my family here by name. We're kind of a big deal here. And by big deal, I mean we're fatties who love to eat. But more so probably because my sisters used to work here. Any who, if you're in Buckeye and want some grub that isn't fast food, stop here.
4	Been here quite a few times, the staff has almost every time been extremely nice, only once the server was a bit slow, but the place was packed. I have had most things from there from the salad to the chicken fried steak, always the correct temperature. I have 2 kids 4 and 1, the servers were great and got little snacks for them. I would definately recomend eating at this location.
5	The food is amazing... Eggs and cheese to die for. Portions are pretty big good idea to get a couple of things and share. The service was good and the atmosphere was inviting. If your in the area I would recommend!!
4	Delisious food! The country store is super cute too! Great service by Savanna! We stopped on our way home from Spring Training in Arizona, perfect location off the 10. We had French toast, it was big enough for two!
2	Only can say for breakfast but food was sub-par, semi warm, and bland. Tasted worse than canned gravy on the biscuits and flavorless saussage. Eggs are eggs (had scrambled)imo and hashbrowns were ok. Overall seemed like nothing made in house all pre-made to order
4	My Hubby loves this place. He brought me here to try it once, and ever since we've been coming here! I love French toast so I order the "Momma French toast plate" something like that.. It's a pretty good portion I never get to finish it! My hubby gets the chicken fried steak and it's pretty good aswell!
3	I hadn't been to a Cracker Barrel in quite a long time, and I was glad to see  that it is still as good as I remembered from way back when. I won't bore you with details of the ambiance, but suffice it to say that I like the kitschiness of it.Sandra was our server. She was great,, attentive and helpful.The only problem was the food. Maybe it's that I've lived in Milwaukee for the last few years where the Friday Fish Fry is very popular and r restaurants have worked for years to come up with great ideas and recipes that would help bring in the customers. I ordered the cod. There was enough fish to satisfy me, but I would have liked the pieces to have been a bit thicker and MAYBE a little wider. Really, they reminded me more of fish nuggets than fillets. The flavor fell a little flat for me too. Food I remember from way back was pretty great. Maybe I've become a fish fry snob.
2	Our services was not that great . our dinner took forever. We maybe saw our sever twice, and even he acted as if he had better things to do..not very happy overall .was our first and last time at this location.
3	I am not a huge fan of CB.....The food is mediocre and usually a bit more than the quality dictates.  It is usually a bit greasy for my tastes also.  However, rarely do you walk away from the table hungry.  That is if you can deal with the mediocrity of the food.  There have been times when we have sat by the window and there were live, and dead, flies everywhere on the inside of the window and we had to as to be moved. That seems to be in the warmer weather.  Where I live in Buckeye there are not many options to sit and have breakfast other than CB or Denny's and well....Denny's is truly nasty.....but that is another review.  The service this morning when my wife and I went her for breakfast was outstanding. The waitress was quite friendly and just chatty enough to be good.  The pecan pancakes we ordered were excellent, and the waitress even took my biscuit and gravy order and just charged for a side of gravy and gave me a couple of biscuits free.  Really the experience today was quite enjoyable.  The worst part of it was paying the bill.  The lady behind the counter was not friendly.  Was pretty rude actually.  Was really short with not just us but the people in front of us and the people behind us.  Usually the service has been really good at this location.  The food usually sub par.  It's pretty clean minus the flies in the summer time.  It is not a place I would frequent much at all, but to grab a breakfast every now and then it will suffice.
1	My family and I have been to this restaurant many times and normally the food and service is good. We have a two year old who sits in a high chair and every other time when we have gone he sits on the outside of the table with no problems but when we went this time the greeter absolutely would not let him sit in the isle at the end of the table and he had to be seated on the inside of the table.. Since when is this policy? I have never experienced this and was very disappointed, so much so that we left and won't be returning.
2	Ok at best! Would knock myself out to come  again. My expectations were no high and I was disappointed. Noisy, food average for chain!
4	This is a nice stop before heading west to California.  We only eat breakfast here but lunch and dinner look delicious as well.  This is the perfect family restaurant.  The food is ALWAYS on point and prices are good.  If you're from out-of-town and you've never been, you definitely have to give it a try (especially for breakfast).
2	Though it's a great distance location for a stop from to tucson to Cali. I wouldn't stop here again.Food wasn't too good. The best thing we ordered was the parfait. Biscuits & gravy... The biscuits were so hard.  Not worth ordering.Eggs, scrambled were way over cooked & rubbery. Bacon was ok not amazing but not terrible.Customer servers were awkward & slightly annoying. Standing close & Listening into our conversation that has nothing to do with food.  I went into bathroom. Hostess looks at me like I am stealing something. Shortly after a worker stands in the bathroom to "check" on me. I felt every unwelcomed here.  Also, Homeless guy sobbing in front of restaurant.
3	I love the food is great but its to expensive. I was a little bit botherd when they would not butter my toast and they brought me frozen butter.
5	Love this place wish they had on in California. The breakfast is off the hook. Make sure to try the camp fire chicken.
5	My daughter loves this place! We have not been here for breakfast but I'm sure it is amazing. I recommend the chicken friend chicken!! The best ever
3	The Cracker Barrel Old Country Store Inc were wonderful. A wide selection.The decorations are fascinating and keep the kids busy and entertained.
5	We went back tonight and I have to say again this place is amazing. I had my three children plus my niece and nephew and spent only 50 bucks..I mean we ate very well!! I had the Sunday special which was two chicken breast and three sides and that chicken was amazing! Big and juicy and yes it was deep fried!!! This place is amazing not to mention the retail side that just calls to you as your leaving!! Lol
3	This Cracker Barrel is pretty close to where I live but I only eat there every few years. The service is always good. The atmosphere is fine. The general store is nice to look around in. They are all about their "home cooked" style food, but the thing is, I'm always left with the strong awareness that I can make the same food at home, but better, and for a lot less money. Their food isn't bad by any means, but it's nothing extraordinary, either.
