2	It started off great. The atmosphere is almost identical with NY style pizzerias. The smell of the pizzas cooking in the oven reminded me of NY. I do have to say that their food was pretty sub-par. The sauce was bland and the cheese was almost non existent. The toppings fell off the pizza and it was almost like eating a crusty old piece of bread with bland sauce and toppings. I do not see how this place is considered even to be remotely NY, other than the vast murals of the Twin Towers, this place has a lot of work to do. I am still looking for the best NY style pizza in Las Vegas and so far this isn't it.
3	I order from here all the time. The pizza takes me back to when I was in high school and we used to run to a different pizza place by the school and get a slice for $1. MMMMMmmmmm. Nothing fancy, just plain old take out pizza. I like it.
5	Very good!!!
3	Not bad. Best as a decent take out. Crust was too hard but a good taste. Dining room is a few booths and tables and was not air-conditioned very well but hay, your there for the pizza and garlic knots.
5	This place is amazing. Not only is the pizza awesome, but the service is amazing. I'm from Brooklyn and this is really the closest you can get to NY pizza in Vegas. I got a large cheese pizza and a calzone and both were cheesy and wonderful. And the man the delivered to me was quite a gentleman. I will not only be back but I will tell everyone about it. Just all around great.
5	Lovelovelove this place.  It's not for everyone though.  This is a NY/NJ style pizzeria.  You don't go here to eat-in unless you're stopping for a few slices at lunch.  Its the kind of place you went to when you cut gym senior year of high school.  The kind of place where you smell the ovens from outside and there's always an employee/family member sitting at one of the tables folding boxes.  If I remember right its owned by some guys from Staten Island.I hadn't been here in a long time since moving out of GV, but now I work in the area so I stopped in for lunch.  They have a good lunch special ($4.95/ 2 slices and a drink).  The pizza was a little overdone but was still better than most of the shitty pizza here in the valley. I used to order stuffed shells and some other dishes and everything was always top notch.  This is Italian food made by Italians.All in all one of the better joints in town.
1	I told myself a few years ago I wouldn't go back. I gave you one more shot. Never again! Meatball sandwich had two, two meatballs cut in half to make a sandwich. Cheap Fu*cks! All for $8.0.
5	Spicy chicken strips were awesome and they have a homemade ranch i loved. Also got a pizza pie with everything.. real cheese! Crust was super crispy for having all those toppings
5	If you're looking for the best NY Pizza in Vegas look no further than Verrazano.  Pies are made to order and the wings are crispy and delicious.  They also serve up tasty sandwiches and pasta.  This is the best east coast pizzeria out west.
4	First, let me start of by saying that their pizza is among the best in the city. That being said, the place is poorly managed and understaffed. The last 3 times I got a pizza there, I had to wait at least 15 minutes after the time they told me my pizza would be ready. Tonight, I was told my pizza would be ready in 35 minutes. I arrived 40 minutes later and the pizza cook told me that mine would be the next one he puts in the oven and it would be another 20 minutes.  He said that he got a lot of orders all at once and mine was the last one. If he knew that, he should have told me it would be an hour from the start. I would have waited, and been less irritated. I don't blame it on the cook, but rather on the management. They should know that they need adequate staffing to handle the volume of business that they get. Especially on a Sunday night during football season! I love the pizza, but this is probably the last time that I will be back.UPDATE: I have been back several times since I wrote my review, and the service has improved immensely. The pizza is very good and you no longer have to wait forever for your order to be ready. Grade increased to 4stars.
5	Fantastic pizza, plenty of cheese, crispy crust and the staff is so nice. Good for quick lunch or to go orders. Our favorite neighborhood pizza place.
4	Great hole in the wall NY style pizza place!! The subs and pizza are amazing and the prices are reasonable. I would give them 5 stars if they offered a few more entree selections!
4	We have been going here for the last 3 yrs & this my 1st review. This review will be on "Pizza" only. Being in the restaurant business I have tasted so many different pizzas. For me & my family Verrazano's pies are excellent, pizza is simple & sometimes simple is the best.
2	Verrazano's is in the rotation for carryout pizza & wings in the area. I think the pizza is good, not great, and I don't really like the wings (too greasy), but my husband does. I think it's a 3 star place, but after my last experience, I won't be back, and almost want to lower it to one star. We ordered a pizza and wings for pickup and the man on the phone said it would be ready in 25 minutes. Show up to pick up the goods and there's a man in front of us trying to order a couple slices to eat in. The cashier/order taker/pizza maker behind the counter says, "Oh, we're out of slices tonight." (approx. 5:30pm on a Friday night). Customer: Ok, then we'll just get a whole pie.Counter Guy: Welll....I've got a lot of orders ahead of you. It's gonna be a while.Customer: Like how long?Counter Guy: Oh....at least an hour and a half. Obviously, these customers leave, unhappy with their experience. Our turn. Husband: Hey, we have an order for pickup.Counter Guy: Oh man...I haven't even started making it yet (5 mins after we were told it would be ready)Husband: Ok - well how much longer is it going to be?Counter Guy: I don't know. There's a lot of orders ahead of you. Wow! We had to cancel our order and go to Pizza My Dear on Warm Springs instead. I would be kinda pissed any time if I was told it would take an hour and a half to make a pizza for carryout (it's not like it was the super bowl or something), but especially when I called ahead and you told me less than 30 minutes!! Sorry, Verrazano's, I won't be back to give you another chance.
5	By far the best pizza in Las Vegas. I've lived here for two years and mad I only just discovered it recently.
5	Born and raised in New York. Go every year and always have pizza cause I figure it will be the last New York Pizza until I get back. Been out on west coast for 50 years. Happen to be in Smiths center and thought I'd try a slice of cheese, the true test of new York style pizza. Could not believe it. Was exactly like New York. Sauce, cheese, crust! I thought I was having a hallucination! Will be back to try the Italian sausage and meatballs.THANK YOU LORD!!!!!
5	Excellent pizza!
4	I don't live here but I know good. Fresh. Handmade pizza and this joint delivers!  I'm sure if I were a regular and knew the menu better I'd give them 5 stars. Enjoy
1	The pizza is average just typical Las Vegas pizza nothing special.  The delivery was horrible.  The driver comes to my door the bill is $22 I only have $40 the driver says he don't have change and is just expecting the whole $40.  Can you explain to me how a delivery driver has no change for a $20.  The feel at the door was that I felt like I was being hustled.  I send the food back and refuse to order from there again.  I called the store and spoke with the manager and he never apologized nothing the entire experience sucked.
4	Great pizza! We make it our 1st meal whenever were in town. It's consistently good and we have been coming here for years.
5	Best tasting pizza around... No doubt when I'm looking for some pies I go and order from here... They've been gracious to me and I can't thank them enough for all their customer service! Thank you!
5	We had two slices of pizza salad and garlic knots , the food was outstanding, the staff working were really cool you could tell there from New York and they really brought the style and tradition of New York style pizza to the neighborhood.
5	We were visiting the area and found this place on yelp. I love NY style pizza and this reminds me of that. I would recommend this place. Plenty of booths to sit at inside. Everything was priced right as well. I don't live there, but if I did this would become a regular for me.
2	So apparently there is another Verrazano location on Rainbow which has been around for about thirty years and is run by the same owner it opened with, who is himself a New York Italian. I made the mistake of thinking this was that. It's not that.The pizza was not bad enough to send back, but bad enough to not finish. What I had today on a Saturday morning was a poseur of a slice. Yeah, it's thin and crispy enough to fold in half. No, it doesn't taste like a serious pizza chef made it. Couldn't tell who the chef was, but the only guy behind the counter was a young Hispanic guy. It tasted about as good as you'd expect if you went in thinking you'd get a thirty+ year veteran chef and got a young Hispanic guy instead.Either today was a serious off day, or the five star reviews you're seeing on this page were meant to be written for the Verrazano on Sunset. I'm considering my five bucks a donation to a local business rather than money paid for a meal.
1	Living in the valley for over seven years now and still can't find a decent delivery pizza. While customer service was good and delivery was swift, the pizza fell extremely short. Had pepperoni and sausage. The pizza was very greasy and sorry, but I've had better in a cafeteria or food court. So we will keep on looking...
4	No complaints. Excellent pizza - had half cheese and half "buffalo chicken" - it wasn't their true specialty buffalo chicken which has a different sauce base, but a full red sauce pie with buffalo seasoned chicken chunks on half. Chicken was good, not overcooked, crispy. A bit too salty though. Crust wasn't soggy, had a chewy crunch; stood up pretty well as a good NY slice should. I travel to Vegas for work and as of now, this is my go to spot for pizza. It's good enough that I probably won't keep looking for alternatives.
5	Pizza is SO SO SO GOOD. Some of the BEST NY style pizza I've had on the west coast. The SAUCE is seasoned, obviously someone's special recipe. Crust is thin but still crispy, yeah you can fold it. Pasta is BOMB also but every time I order I have to get pizza. Try the calzones-pretty damn authentic. It brings back nostalgic tastes of home.
5	Coming from Brooklyn, this is hands down the best NY style pizza on this side of the 15.  The place eve looks like a authentic NY pizzeria.  Eggplant parm hero and large pie well done is our staple.  The medium wings are pretty good too. Try it, you won't be disappointed.
5	This place has an old style feel to it. There are two main guys who work there and everyone seems to recognize them. They even got a little cartoon on the tip jar that looks just like said 'pizza making' dudes. Guy I dealt with was very nice. White baseball cap. Grey hair. Mustache. Friendly and welcoming. Pretty cool feel for your typical pizza spot...But the price is f*cking amazing. $11 large pizza? Forget about it. A little greasy(it's a pizza. What do you expect?), but extremely satisfying. Hate to sound like a glutton, but it's one of those "you should just buy the whole pie instead of only a slice" situations.This was one of the first places that I visited specifically because of the Yelp reviews during my lunch. And it did not disappoint. No disrespect to Pizza Hut or Dominos, but the taste is authentic and the price is right. Don't pass this place up as I'm sure if will be your new favorite pizza spot.
5	Coming from Brooklyn, this is hands down the best NY style pizza on this side of the 15.  The place eve looks like a authentic NY pizzeria.  Eggplant parm hero and large pie well done is our staple.  The bread is perfect, crispy and all. The medium wings are pretty good too. Try it, you won't be disappointed.
5	Pizza is excellent, coming from new york I have had the best pizzas on the planet and these guys know how to make a pie 2 thumbs way up. ..
