1	Shared branching with other CUs is difficult. For some reason, DSFC seems to be the only CU that requires the use of some numeric code for you to complete a transaction at another CU if you have a DSFC account. In additon, their customer service is the WORST! They seem to want to reference your SSN to do almost anything related to your account. The overuse of SSNs as well as the exceptionally poor customer service led me to close my account nearly one month ago. If you don't mind poor customer service and unnecessarily complicated shared branching transactions, then they a CU worth considering. If you do mind these things then don't bother.BTW, my online account login credentials seemed to need to be reset almost everytime I tried to access my account online. My personalized password almost never worked. And to reset it they of course required me to disclose my SSN. Such nonsense.
5	When I get a document notarized at the credit union for free, then take it to my office, stupidly fax it to the wrong number by not adding a "9" at the start only to get a call an hour later from the bank employee who notarized it telling me that the person who received it in error had called her to let her know some numbskull was faxing important-looking legal documents to him by mistake, and does it all with a maximum of cheerfulness and forbearance. . . that's service.
5	Love Desert Schools!I am not a big-bank fan. The reason I love Desert Schools is that they are incredibly courteous, friendly, and helpful. They are great about answering questions and sent I really care about the customer experience. If you want a good bank where you will actually enjoy the experience, this is where you want to be!
1	These people make me sick. They hold my direct deposit payroll checks for up to 14 days!!!! I set up my bills to auto-deduct when my check will be deposited. Said I wanted NO overdraft protection. They hold my check, bills get paid and bam I'm hit with $300 in overdraft fees? Are you serious? My money disappears, has not shown in my account for days, shows (-) balance when I know I have money, go down to talk to them and they said, looks good on our side you must have read it wrong. I know how to read a statement you ignoramous. Way to make your customers uncomfortable, awkward and angry. Everyone in there is rude, looks down on you and so incredibly unhelpful. I heard great things about them, and never in my life have I had a worse experience. I have banked with Chase, Wells Fargo, TruWest, BOA and desert schools. Never again would I put anyone in their hands. Unless you don't want access to your money, people to look at you like you are garbage, not respond to phone calls or e-mails, and hold your check so they can charge you insane amount in overdraft fees because they won't release your own money to you.
5	they are very pleasant and quick and dont solicit a ton of services like retail banks. they always have 3-4 tellers and i have never had a negative experience with anyone.  The parking lot is busy so be careful and the customers arr lollagaggers
5	I have to mention...the customers who come here are chatty and slow.  A lot if them dont decision their financial needs quickly and need a lot of hand holding which slows down the line BUT the tellers are super nice amd patient. WE LOVE CESAR
2	Do NOT get Raechel as a teller she is slow. Painfully slow. It took her 15 minutes to do a  1500 deposit that i counted and turned. AND THEN spoke to me as if i didnt know what i was doing when i do the same thing weekly.
