4	When I was unemployed, and getting my cash advance payments every wednesday, this is the branch I'd go to the most, since my credit union was located around the corner (where I would then deposit the money). This was convenient, even though, at times, this was pretty busy (the parking lot included- kind of a poor design, really). There is a couple of ATM's on the side. I used it about half the time. I went inside for the other half of the visits here. The people who work here are all very pleasant to deal with; there was usually one person with a clip board, scanning the line, to make the process easier for the most part. I didn't have any problems here, though generally, it was always during the day. Every once in a while, the teller would ask me if I just wanted to open up a checking account here, but I kindly declined.
4	I have visited this Wells Fargo a few times and I have never had any problems here. Case in point, when I went there today, a staff member greeted me as I entered the bank. It was slow and so I was quickly able to deposit my cash with a friendly cashier. Then on the way out, one of the bank managers was standing there to tell me to have a good day.I will have to agree with what another reviewer said, that it can get busy and their parking lot is really poorly designed.Other than that, for a bank, I have never myself had any problems with Wells Fargo and the one time I did (I could not access my online account) they themselves called corporate and helped me rectify it right there and then.Best Regards,James "Culinary Schmooze" Williams
4	Parking is never a problem; lines can be long but lots of teller windows open, and business banking line is quick.Special shout-out to Jennifer Bagget, who is absolutely lovely and helpful.  She took care of all of the business banking needs I had, always remembered me by name and all of the business account details, and was extremely responsive -- just terrific!
5	Came in near closing time to cash a check and was asked if I'd like to open account. Decided to go ahead and do it but was worried about the time. Laura set up my account even though it kept her 20 mins past closing was awsome and super friendly the whole time! I usually hate going to the bank but this was the best experience I've had
1	This Wells Fargo branch is woefully understaffed and service reflected this lack of attention towards understanding and fulfilling branch staffing needs. Upon entering, I waited for a good 10 minutes at the Customer Service desk after signing in. Despite being seen by tellers behind the glass window (not serving other customers), no one attempted to help me. Finally, as I moved towards the teller side of the bank, someone offered to help me, but I was told that there were only 2 bankers on duty and that they would call to locate someone to help me. After waiting about 15-20 minutes, a family walked in and sat down next to me. The next available banker went to the sign in sheet and called a name - their name! - I was rather flummoxed, as I had signed in almost 30 minutes ago. I walked over and saw that a staff member had THROWN AWAY the previous sign in sheet and replaced it with a new sheet...The red flag to walk out was when I initially walked in, a customer was waiting at the customer service table - and had clearly been waiting a while. She walked out in disgust. Too bad I didn't follow her lead at that time. Would've saved me 30 minutes.Don't waste your time at this branch; find another branch where the management team has their act together.
