4	The bartenders are friendly and the food is pretty good, but overpriced.  I like that they participate in Groupon though!
4	Met my daughter and her friends here.  Great martini and fabulous tapas food.
4	We visited Cloud 9 on a Friday evening to have a quick drink before dinner.  We'd been in once before right after they opened and thought they were just okay.  What a difference some time makes!  Our hostess was phenomenal.  She was cheerful, helpful, fast... all the things you'd want.  The ambiance is fairly dark; the bar has somewhat limited seating, so we grabbed a high-top table that would be cozy for 4, but had just enough space for 2 that I could put my purse on the long seat with me.  Fella got a dirty martini, and I got a cosmo - each was $10, and they were both worth it.  Fella got a dirty martini the next night at a fancy schmancy bar, and said Cloud 9 was definitely the better of the two.  Their appetizers looked pretty delicious, so we'll have to go back when we have more time.  Highly recommend!
4	Went here last Saturday night. Has more of a "single, looking for someone" feel to it. I was there with my boyfriend so we did have fun people watching.I had a caramel apple martini which was very good. The girl behind the bar was attentive, fast and friendly.I liked this place, but would try it during the day or weeknight to maybe run into a less "looking to meet someone" crowd. I was hit on a few times when my boyfriend was at the bar or in the bathroom and it was just awkward for me.
2	Food and drinks were great, but way overpriced.  The service was great and people very nice.  The only reason I give it two out of five is the price.  Come on people, the only reason you are willing to pay $12 or $15 for a martini is location, the atmosphere is just ok, nothing special.  If you are looking for a place to wait to meet up with friends it is ok; although the tapas are good, but nothing truly special and the least expensive drink I found was $8.  We stayed for one drink and a few tapas and bailed before we needed a second mortgage.
4	I was staying down in Fort Mill the weekend of St. Patrick's Day, and after we had dinner, we decided to go down to Baxter to have a couple of beverages.  When we arrived (probably around 9 or 9:30), the place was pretty packed inside and a lot of people were also hanging out on the patio.  The bar was really crowded, so getting up there to place a drink order was going to be a challenge - then out of nowhere a friendly server appeared to take our drink orders, YAY!  Since they were celebrating St. Patty's day early, there were a couple of drink specials.  One of the specials was a martini with mint -chocolate - I think it was called the Skinny Mint.  OMG, this thing was heavenly - it tasted like mint chocolate chip ice cream! I think the normal price was $12, but on this night, it was only $8.  The bar also had live music going, so it was a great spot to hang out & people watch.  The only negative thing about the place is the bathroom situation.  They have a single toilet for men and a single toilet for women.... needless to say, with all the drinking going on, lines for both got really long at times!! One cool thing about Cloud 9 is that you can see all types of people hanging out in one spot... it is definitely a mixed crowd, which makes things interesting! You will see all ethnicities, as well as rednecks, LGBTs, young professionals,  married couples, divorcees, cougars, college kids, retirees, transplants from the northeast (Think My Cousin Vinny), hippies, blue collar folks, white collar folks, etc. all under the same roof!  How fun is that?!!
4	An excellent place to meet up with friends!Cloud 9 reminds of the pie shops I grew up around (not pizza joints...pie as in pecan or apple).  You went there for pie...great pie.  You also went to meet up with friends, drink coffee and let the happenings of the week melt off.Cloud 9 is the the alcohol infused version of those pie shops.  The atmosphere is fun and friendly.  The drinks are desserts in liquid form, and the tapas are a nice touch for a craving or two.While some may knock the pricing at Cloud 9, I'd like to remind them that you get what you pay for.  If you like everything about the place except the pricing, you need to realize that part of what makes this place appeal to you, is the fact that it is kept that way due to the pricing.  What type of crowd or ambiance would you expect from $1 Bud Lights and $1 rail shots?  That's not what you were looking for if you came here.I like it here.  It's not the type of place I'd plant myself normally, but it's still a great time!Try:  Any one of those foofy martinis...man they taste great!Avoid:  Coming here and complaining about the prices
1	Will Never Come here again.  I have no experience with their food but their customer service is extremely poor and juvenile.  Went around 1am to get a last drink before calling it a night and at 1:49 an owner, I assume, yelled out to everyone in the bar to "Finish your drink and get the @#$% out!" I'm a 27 year old male and I have never heard something of this sort besides some hole in the wall dive bars in bad areas.  I was with my girlfriend and her friend and we decided to finish our drinks outside because we were obviously not wanted inside anymore.  My girlfriend's friend had to use the restroom before we left and as she walked in the "gentleman" who so nicely told everyone to leave informed her that she could not use the restroom as it was after 2:00am.  It was in fact 1:58 at that moment.  I don't know how a bar can expect to retain customers when they treat them so poorly.  I will never patron this establishment again and would advise others to be wary of getting kicked out rudely come closing hours.  Again we did not try any food and it may be excellent for all I know but their owners need to learn the concept of customer service and being kind toward your fellow man in general.
1	Customer service is horrible! The waiter took seats from our table and when we asked why he said they were an adult establishment. We had 5 adults and 5 children. We had every intention of spending money on drinks and food. I had company from out of town and was terribly embarrassed! He was horrible! I had never been there and was excited to try stuff but I will never be back! That horrible waiter ruined our experience and ensured that cloud 9 is not worth my time or money!
5	Soooo many martinis to choose from.  Everything from the traditional to the crazy (in my book).  But they have all been good so far.The food is also good, but we use it more to stave off the effect of alcohol than a meal.  The portions are great for sharing in groups.The design of the interior is pretty cool and is best seen in the evening to get the best effect.Surprisingly, this is also a great place to watch football on Saturdays.
5	First time at Baxters Social House. Let me tell ya....very impressed!!! Tapas? Never a fan. This place though made me a convert. The tequila lime shrimp tacos have fresh shrimp with an aioli that is extremely refreshing tasting and complements the shrimp nicely. The cherry peppers stuffed w goat cheese and Prosciutto were crunchy. The goat cheese blend was not overpowering which is always a chance you take. The best plate though was the steak bites with horseradish sauce!!!  Cooked medium rare, my friend and I devoured these things. Chef Colt (I know his name because I asked) has the kitchen on point. Now into the bartender.....Danielle is outrageous! EXTREMELY beautiful and has that thing called personality. She made my friend a martini that sent her female parts on fire. I stuck to beer. Peroni thank you very much.Only negative. The wine list is lacking. Besides that, this place is GREAT for a quick bite and a drink.
