5	My neurologist Dr. Bernick is now part of the Cleveland Clinic. Dr. Bernick is a wonderful dr. He has excellent bedside manner. And most important, he never makes you wait. The longest I have ever waited is 15 mins. My previous neurologist I would be in the waiting room for 3-4 hrs. He was a nice dr, but I quit going there due to the waiting time. My time is just as important as theirs. The staff at the Cleveland Clinic is so professional, kind and sincere. I was impressed with how knowledgeable they all were. Nothing is more frustrating to me than the staffs at dr's office's who do not know what they are talking about.
4	My wife had an appointment yesterday with Dr. Wint.  He was very competent, thorough, and understanding.  The staff were all pleasant and I understand their need to be.  It does get a bit overdone in my perspective.The naming of the Tranquility Room was something I couldn't fathom.  It didn't make me anymore tranquil especially with the 24 hour news channel they had on the TV.
5	Stopped by for a tour here with my doctor friend whose father is a patient here.   Back when I was starting to look for jobs I heard about this place recruiting so it was interesting to see what it has developed into.   I would absolutely love to work in a place like this with lots of windows, sunny atmosphere, interesting design space, and a crazy facade by Gehry.   One of the research folk (pre med) was nice enough to take us on a tour (their last one of 2012) and it was nice to see how the research and clinic spaces interact.  A plus for the patients is beautiful facilities with a lot of art, much of it neurologically themed.  There is a beautiful warped melting-wall Gehry style meeting room for special events.  An oasis for neurological care, head by quite well known and famous neurologists.   I wish we had a building and a medical team like this near me!
5	We are only rating the architecture and beauty of the building itself.  We know nothing of the business of the Center, but if you get to Las Vegas, a walk around the Center is a must!  Renee and I visited the area on March 2, 2013, took several photos, and had a lovely time walking this beautiful area of Las Vegas.  The building is walking distance from The Las Vegas Experience in downtown Las Vegas and is across the street (Grand Central Parkway) from the Las Vegas World Market Center.  Don't leave Las Vegas without seeing it!
4	This is just about the building itself. This has nothing to do with the offices located within the building, though they do some amazing work! and Las Vegas is lucky to have the Cleveland Clinic here in our town.I am very intrigued by interesting architecture in general.  I like it on a recreational level and really do not have any "book knowledge" on the subject matter.  I enjoy going to look at interesting buildings and checking them out.  I wanted to review it for any other architecture lovers out there in the world of Yelpers.  I have driven past this building dozens of times and just never had time to really study it a bit more closely until today.  It is a very compelling building.  I get a strong emotional reaction every time I see the building.  I don't know if it is from my personal experience with my grandfather who passed away from Alzheimer's or what, but I get hit with a wave of emotion every time I see it, no matter what.  I actually get an overwhelming wave of sadness when I see this building, yet I want to see and experience more at the same time.  I am drawn to it and repulsed at the same time.  I know that the architect wanted to show the mind collapsing around itself and I think he was very effective with his design.  I went inside just to look around and it was like looking out of a person's eyes into the world for the first time.  There are so many windows that are all looking in different directions.  It can be a bit overwhelming until you take time to look in one direction at a time and really study what is out that way.  It was an emotional experience for me, but one I enjoyed having.  It was a roller coaster of emotions for me, but one I gladly rode because how often do you really have a physical and mental response to anything these days.Whether you love or hate the design, go check it out just to witness the building in person.  It is worth a trip downtown to see, if you have the opportunity.
5	What a great addition to the Las Vegas Community. This is a lovely facility, I was there for the St. Jude gala, so I didn't receive any treatment, but the reputation of this place is very good. Las Vegas, It's Not Just For Gambling Any More! Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
1	Do not expect anyone to answer your calls ever. They use a phone tree rather than human operator. Today I left the FOURTH MESSAGE either for my Dr. or his PA for medication refill without which will result in no meds starting tomorrow. . This experience is typical over the 18(?) months I've been seen by Dr. West. Why do I continue to stay with this practice? I ask myself every time my messages are unreturned. The answer is Vegas is an intellectual desert. Dr. West & his PA are knowledgable about the condition for which I'm treated, both in practice and current research. The staff and greeters are lovely in person. Good luck getting a live person to answer or return your calls.
