5	The late night menu and 5 banquette tables in the bar of this traditional steakhouse make this place into just about the greatest location for hanging in Madison.  It's so good I wish it were a secret.
5	A classic steakhouse.  Stop by around 7:30 for a well prepared cut of meat.  Swing back around midnight for drink from their more than adequate bar and grab a quick snack from the late night menu.
4	A high-end steak house, Midwestern college town style, dark and traditional with some trendy accents for the kids.  Adjoins the celebrated Tornado Club, where (rumor has it) the members of the rock band Garbage have been known to hang out regularly.
4	This place is supposed to have the best steak in Madison.  It is very good, but I'm not sure it's the best.  My date got the $37 special for the night...a very thick steak, beautiful cut of meat.  The only problem is that he ordered it well (I know, we won't be going out again!) which meant that the outside was almost charcoaled but the inside was still pink!  I got rabbit ($18) in a portabella wine sauce which was very good.  Portions are definitely generous!  The service was fantastic. They seemed to have a girl whose sole purpose in life was to fill water glasses...as soon as I took a drink she was there to fill it up again!  Our main waitress was very attentive and they place had a good crowd even on a Wednesday night!  I've also been here for drinks before, which was fun...the waitresses are very friendly...which might have been because we came with cute boys, but who knows?
5	OG steakhouse in Madison, Wisconsin that looks like it hasn't changed much since it was on top of its game in the 1950's ... and is still on top.The bar is great too ... our bartender was focused on making my martini like he was Picasso painting Guernica. Damn good.Tornado is first class - if you're in Madison don't miss it.
5	Wow, Tornado walks a fine line between old fashioned and retro cool and I think it does so perfectly!  Steak dinner isn't rocket science, and this place gets it right- good meat prepared properly.  All the little acompanyments are there, just like they did it in the '50s.  But the decor and staff and bar keep this place feeling fresher than some dusty old relic- Tornado is something special.
5	Only went here once, but it was phenomenal - had the Lamb Chops with mint jelly - a classic that they did well.  I'll definitely be back.
4	I haven't been to the Tornado Club in about 5 years but this was always the special occasion restaurant we frequented in college.  All of the steaks are excellent and well cooked.  They got some good beef in the midwest ya know.  This is the first place I tried venison and its been the best tasting and least gamey I've had anywhere.  The best dish on the menu here is the coquille st jacques (sp?).  The mashed potatoes, the scallops and the sauce are perfectly married and served elegantly on a cleaned out shell.  Its the perfect dish and many of my friends have ordered 2 - one as appetizer and another for main dish.  If you're a fan of frog legs and escargot you'll be happy to know these dishes also shine.  I guess anything with a lot of butter and garlic is bound to be good but these are especially lovely.  The last time I was ever there during graduation weekend a bat, yes a bat, started flying around the restaurant.  It got through an open window in our dining room.  You've never seen so many 21 year old guys jump underneath a table so quickly.  Anyway we eventually shooed the bat out the same window.  For our inconvenience we got free liquor and free desserts.  Not a bad deal for some starving hungry college kids.
4	Ok I admit I only had one round of drinks here but I really want to come back and try the food.  I loved the dark, warm atmosphere and sharp-dressed, professional, friendly bartenders.
4	Situation: I'm in Madison for only a couple days. I'm trying to relax a little and the nba playoff game I was watching in my hotel room on a shitty 19" tv bored me to death. Result: Unintended nap that screwed up most possible dinner plans. Ok. Yelp tells me the Tornado Club is lookin fine. I now recall a car I once owned. A 1985 Olds Toronado. I liked that car. This car was Caliente. Literally. Tornado Club, the correct term would not be Caliente; it is somewhere between Cheers and insert name of hip west coast lounge. Glad that is over with. So I see that the Tornado Club has a late night menu. I missed dinner once 10 came around. That's ok . I step in to the bar around 10 and see the room occupied by about 15 people, a nice intimate setting, dark, warm, etc. The manhattan I ordered was a little weak. The salmon sandwich is looking nice. The classic jazz vocalist is sweet to the ears. Sandwich arrives: nice! this is about a 5 story building to a carl's jr $6 burger's 3 stories (the salmon sandwich is tall ok). They're giving late night bar food a classy, gourmet, and affordable touch...I'm down. Moving on to the wine list... The pinot noir and the spanish cab by the glass turn out to be great after dinner potables. Now we are listening to OutKast's Stankonia. I'm still down. This is maybe my favorite record from the group. I could do without the Bob Marley, and the talk of leaving Scissor Sisters out of the equation was a sure relief. All in all, this was a pleasant experience. Damn, i'm out of lsd.
4	Just like Aaron, we too only had some cocktails here...but went to check out lounge aspect we had heard so much about.It really awesome in here, and if I ate steak I would come back justto spend more time in this old school Wisconsin supper club atmosphere with a twist of 50's mod.I would still go back for a drink next time I go through Madison, the people watching and low wood paneling ceiling were thrilling enough!
3	Grade: C-Maybe I just picked the wrong menu item...all 3 times I've eaten there. Great service and Martinis. Spendy.
5	I only go here for the late night menu and on the late night menu I only order the salmon sandwich and onion rings and it's love.
5	This is one of my favorite spots in Madison.  You won't be blown away when you walk in, it's more subtle than that.  Every steak I've had here was fantastic, everyone I've been here with has loved their dinner.  The bar is where it's at though.  The warm, dark lighting, the classic jazz playing softly over the air, bartenders that know what they're doing.  This place really grew on me, and is a perfect alternative to the crowded and noisy State Street standards. That might actually turn some people off- if you're looking for a place to go crazy this ain't it.  Still, every time I'm back in town I make sure to spend an evening here.
3	Ask anyone in town who is a local where to go eat steak, and invariably this place comes up. Walk in the place, and you may have to check to see if you are in the right place. When I first walked into place back in 2005, I was miffed as one side of the place is the dive-st looking bar, and the other is the steakhouse. We turned around and walked out, but after hearing for years how good this place is, I had to go back. Go here if the steak is important, and the aesthetics are not. If you are looking for a much nicer LOOKING place, then go to Delmonico's, not far away. Everyone I ate with at the Tornado loved their meal (2 steaks, one fish), as did I. Champagne Dan, bartender extraordinaire and food lover to the max (@ the Concourse Hotel - Shout Out to CHAMPAGNE!) recommended either the Venison, or the Flank steak, which he claimed is the owner's favorite. I got the venison, accompanied with a side of hash browns, which may sound strange, but they were damn good and crispy. Haven't eaten much deer in my day, but it was pretty good. Bottom line - if you want steak, here is your place.
5	Always terrific.  Food and service is consistently great.  Like many reviewers say the aesthetics leave something to be desired but that can be ignored for the food and service.
4	This place is retro cool and has the added bonus of great food. The paneling is awesome as are the light fixtures, the bar and the bar booths. Plus I love the Walleye and the Duck.
5	We must eat here every six weeks or so- it's my favorite place for dinner- just don't tell my cardiologist!  We generally start in the bar with a couple of drinks- yum- then head into dinner, where we split- yes, split- a 28-oz bone-in ribeye.  With everything else that precedes dinner- relish tray, salad, bread, who has room for beef?  We end up taking over 1/2 of it home. It's a great place- so much better since there's no smoking- the low ceiling in the bar made for a great smoke-trap in its day.
5	I've never eaten here during regular dinner hours, but they have a great Late-Night menu that starts around 10pm.  The steak sandwich is amazing, and it is a more affordable then forking over the dough for a whole steak - great for the frugal college student.  On weeknights they also offer $2 off their specialty drinks.  Their key lime gimlets are nearly a dessert themselves, and the peach cosmos are yummy, too.
5	This place was was fabulous!  I was on a trip for business with several other co-workers - we heard that Tornado was a good place to get a steak.  It definitely was exactly what we were looking for.  I had a fabulous steak and salad.  The ambiance was like a supper club of past times, so it was very fun to go to.  The service was A+! I can't wait to go back again!
4	I went here on Halloween with my boyfriend for a romantic, nice dinner.  We came in at about 6:30 pm and it appeared to be fairly uncrowded with many open tables. We were placed in a back room at a table for two. We were given a good selection of bread, consisting of a dill bread loaf (I think), a biscuit and a sesame seed covered fresh, soft breadstick, with a big pat of butter. The bread was warm and good. When you sit down, you get a glass of ice with fresh vegetables on a stick. I am still a little unclear as to whether it's supposed to be an edgy decoration, meant to symbolize temptation, or whether you can just eat it. We ate it, and it was good. I ordered the key lime gimlet for the drink, which was the color of keylime pie, cold, came in a martini glass and had a graham cracker crust rim, with a fresh lime slice for a garnish. It was really delicious, sweet, creamy and tart.For an appetizer, we ordered the scallops. They were very delicious. The sauce was rich and tasty. The scallops themselves were cooked well and were served over a bed of mashed potatoes in an actual shell (like from the sea). I ordered the 8 oz filet for my entree. It was a good cut of meat, and had good seasoning on it. It was thick, juicy, and delicious. They served it on a hot metal plate upon a normal plate, and because the plate was still hot, it didn't cool off while I was eating it slowly to savor the taste. My boyfriend ordered the lamb, and he liked it. I tried it and it was pretty good! He wasn't able to finish it, since it was a lot of food.For my sides I ordered a mixed greens salad doused in a vinegarette and a baked potato. My boyfriend ordered the asparagus for his side.We had a good server. We were initially seated in a room where there seemed to be a reservation for a group of 15, right next to the large group...not the best location to place a couple obviously on a romantic date when half the tables in the entire restaurant are empty. After the group got increasingly loud to the point where we couldn't hear each other without raising our voices and leaning in with straining expressions on our faces (not hot for a date), we asked to be moved if it was possible, and we were moved right away, no problems or fuss. Wonderful!Here's the negative part of the review...these sides were nothing special. My baked potato was literally that. Just a potato with small side of sour cream. The asparagus were just steamed and set on a plate. I was annoyed that these sides were so bland and lackluster considering the price of the entree. Also, when we got the lamb boxed up, my boyfriend says it wasn't closed properly, so the lamb juice leaked out all over the car, his nice shirt and his kitchen floor.So I give it a 4 stars. I'd go back, but not often due to the price.
4	In the 4 years I lived in Madison, I probably never had a steak better than the one here. They've got a nice wine selection and the steaks are truly massive, and cooked to perfection.Due to the price (~$25, depending on the cut), this clientele trends toward the older crowd. If you are looking for a straightforward yet excellent meal, this might be your scene.The adjoining bar is nothing special, although several of my friends in the service industry like to go there after work due to the solid drinks and late-night menu.
5	Tornado is the one of the best steak places I have visited.  The food is outstanding and the atmosphere is spectacular.  The wine list is more than acceptable.They also have a great late night menu.
2	The food there was okay. I had a salmon dish there. I don't eat beef so I can speak for their steak.
5	First time there last week and I couldn't have been more satisfied.  We sat in the lounge for dinner and it was elegant and intimate.  The service was average but sufficient, but it didn't matter because the food and atmosphere were exactly what we were looking for- ample portions, one of the best steaks I've ever had, and a salad and side included, which is a nice addition that differs from many other steak houses in town (Johnny Delmonicos, Flemings, and others), all in a dark, cozy Wisconsin supper club.  I haven't heard of anywhere else in town that can top the Tornado Room in terms of value, taste, and location.
5	So before my trip to Wisconsin I of course Yelped the area to get an idea of where I would eat.  Gotta love Yelp.  Anyhoo, after arriving in Madison I saw that this city is very diverse in it's food and culture.  If I didn't know any better I would've thought I was in Washington State.  So of course that takes all the Chinese, Japanese, Thai restaurants off the list, as well as the burger joints etc.  So I thought, if I as in Thailand I'd try genuine Thai food,  Louisiana...no question, authentic cajun food....but what's uniquely Madison, Wisconsin other than cheese, though I like very much, I'm a little lactose intolerant so any more than a couple of cubes my carbon (more like methane) footprint would go through the roof....okay...sorry, back on target here...So other than cheese,STEAK!  Oh yes.......that beautiful word...STEAK.  And I gotta tell ya, this place knows steaks.  Now I did have a few to drink at Genna's nearby, so I was a bit happy by the time they opened.  When I got there the bartender there kept me entertained with nice converstation and more happy water until my table was ready.  The place is kinda dark which wasn't helped by my blurred vision, but I was able to get out my order to a very kind wait staff.  So big  plus to this place for customer service.Okay, the food.  OMG!  I started out with...get this....escargot...IN WISCONSIN?  Okay, I personally like cooked snails in a nice buttery garlic sauce, but I was really surprised to see it there so I figured what the hell, give'r a go yeah?  Any you know what....They cook a mean escargot!.......now there's a sentence you never thought you'd hear.Then they bring this bread...which is really good, warm...and good, did I say good?  Normally I don't eat the bread at a restaurant because it takes up room in my tummy, but because I was "happy" I wasn't in my right mind....so my eyes were bigger than my tummy you could say.   Because when my steak got there........... MY GOD, it was huge.  Right next to it was a big ol thing of hashbrowns and a deep friend onion ring.  I was full just looking at it all......DAMN BREAD....and snails!So the steak: Big ol potion, I think it was like 28 oz something, I don't know, but big.  Really good quality meat, cooked to perfection, bone in, juicey, seasoned just right.  Honestly, it rivaled any steak I've had at the Metropolitan Grill and Daniel's Broiler....but at a fraction of the price.  Seriously.  The entree (steak, hash, onion ring) was only like 30 dead presidents, but it was just as quality as the $60.00 ones in Seattle.  Anyhoo I took a picture of it....you can check out my photos....needless to say I couldn't finish it.  I was very ashamed of myself, a damn embarrassment!  I did however manage to get it back to Seattle with me because I was leaving the next day.   The hotel was kind enough to stick it in their fridge for me until my flight.  Because it was in one of those aluminum storage containers, airport security really scutinized my carry on, but eventually let me go, and though I had it in a insulated bag with ice packs and stuff, when they opened up the overheads in Seattle, the wonderful smell of a perfect steak made it's way through the cabin.  Oh, people pretended not to notice, but I knew it made them all hungry.  Lucky for me it was all mine!  Which I finished off the very next day...and you know what?  It was just as good as the day before.....Okay......WAAAAAAY off target here....Conclusion:  if you ever find yourself at the UW-Madison, WI don't forget to put the Tornado Club Steak House on your "Must Eat There" list.
4	It's a steak joint of the old school. The music is strictly loungey, the bar is dark and kind of cramped, the lighting is low, the portions are big and the steak is excellent. It's one of the finer steaks you can get in town; well-aged, well-seasoned, cooked perfectly, and they have a very complete menu of beefy goodness. Their non-steak entrees are respectable, but not really the star of the show. They serve a signature, monstrous 20oz bone-in tenderloin that is delicious, expensive, and unless you've prepped for a few days, nearly impossible to finish. My usual 8oz fillet is, with sides and bread, usually enough to fill me up (and I occasionally border on gluttony). The vibe is strictly supper-club - white tablecloths, raw vegetables on the table, wood panelling, rustic hunting-lodge decor, slightly wobbly chairs, martinis aplenty and straight-up steakhouse food. The sides are the same sort of unpretentious, classic American fare - your choice of spinach salad, green salad, casear salad, or iceberg wedge with roquefort, and your steak comes with potato or vegetable. That's where it kind of breaks down a bit - the vegetables aren't their strong suit (usually just steamed green beans, broccoli, or asparagus), and the potatoes range from fantastic to kind of bland. Hash browns are crispy on the outside and tender on the inside, but sometimes are a bit greasy for a lot of palates. The steak fries are excellent - big, crispy and fluffy, and piled high. Baked potatoes are none-too interesting. The food is, however ,consist ant. You can pretty much be guaranteed the same thing each time you go there. Unlike many of the other steakhouses I've experienced, it's been almost ludicrously stable - what's good is always reliably good, and what's weak has always been weak. They have a plan and a menu and they're sticking to it. Service is usually quite good, although during peak times they often seem a little more harried than I'd expect from a place with this much history behind it. It gets crowded quickly on a weekend, and the waiting area is somewhat odd and uncomfortable - clearly it's preferred that you wait in the bar and spend some cash on their (admittedly excellent) mixed drinks. It's not tremendously expensive, but it isn't cheap either. A standard dinner for a table of two can run $75 with a drink. Not quite as high as some of the fine-dining establishments in town, but not generally a bill to be taken lightly.   It also helsp to make reservations well in advance, as the long serving times and large quantites make this place the kind that fills up fast and doesn't do a lot of quick turnover.
4	I've only been there for late-night drinks, so I can't speak to the quality of food at the Tornado Club. One of these days I will get my butt over there for what I hear is the best steak in town!The late-night scene at the bar is very chill. When I walked in, I thought to myself "you have arrived," but not in a pretentious way. Rather, in way that connotes my advancement from the immature antics of the college-aged bar scene.Now kids, this is where the adults come to enjoy good friends and a few stiff cocktails under soft lighting... run along.
2	After three trips to Tornado I've decided on two stars.Pros:  Old school atmosphere, sides included, great lighting, comfortable bar.Cons:  Waitstaff knows nothing about wine (literally), steaks are below average quality for the price, service in general feels more like a pub than somewhere that serves $45 pieces of beef.  Honestly I'll probably pay a few more bucks for a real steak at a place like...well...I guess that's the issue in Madison...Flemings is stupid overpriced and Delmonicos is hit-or-miss.  Overall Tornado is uniquely Madison and has its pluses.  But when I'm spending that much money I expect a little better service and quality.
5	The word on the street was entirely accurate -- this is the ultimate meat joint in town, hands down.I hosted a group of foodie Sicilians from Chicago's south side -- each of whom had a very discerning taste for the finer things in life. After enjoying the shrimp cocktail and oyster appetizers, I dined on the salmon special while my guests each found a different steak or lamb entree to be more pleasing to their tastes. I was relieved to receive high compliments on my choice of dinner venues. [phew!]Oh, and it's worth noting that the wine list also passed the test (two of my guests were well-traveled sommeliers).
1	I just had the WORST experience at the Tornado.  I work in the industry and never ever complain about little things and I never blast a place, BUT..........The waiter was a stuttering idiot.  My steak was over salted, My husband's steak had only one flavor note-SALT!  No crudites were offered, the classic TR thing.  The wedge salad tasted dressed with bottled dressing. We complained, and the extremely unprofessional woman who was sitting, eating and complaining at the bar came over and told us she looked at the steak and that was the normal seasoning.  Um, salt melts into meat, you cannot look at it and declare it 'not salty', you have to TASTE IT.  I work at a French Bistro, trust me I know what is correct seasoning and what is the massacre resulting from a chef who smokes too much.  We were considering hosting a group of 20 there in January-forget it!  Looks like Harvest, Lombardino's or L'Etoile, where professionals cook the food and serve it to you.  We won't be back.  Also, the 'specials' never change.
4	As a visitor, I was NOT impressed by the State St. bar scene. Way too college-y for me. Then, my brother and I stumbled upon the Tornado, which was near my hotel and it was awesome!Inventive cocktails, great service and super-duper ambience! We also shared a salad, which was too heavy on the dressing, but yummy nonetheless. If I lived in Madison, this would be my go-to bar/lounge/hangout.
2	I was hoping for a great meal after seeing the great reviews, but not what i got. The place is dark like other people have said, and the prices are high. The steaks are big, but there was a funny smell about them. I had the new york strip, and some scallops. The scallops were big but the sauce seemed weird with them.  MY steak was hard to cut even as medium rare. The meal took almost an hour to get there. The waitresses are very nice, but the food was lacking. Never again for that price. I spent 90 for two people(steak, scallops, pork roast, and tip).
5	I have never had a bad meal here! Tonight we had the pork tenderloin and their 10 oz. grass-fed tenderloin au poivre. Delicious! The steak was cooked perfectly and the pork came with a great tart cherry sauce. Our service was great, attentive but not intrusive. This time we had no room for dessert, but if given the chance I would have had their creme caramel.Love the wood paneling and saws that line the walls, this place is perfect for enjoying a great steak and hash browns. This is our favorite place to eat out in Madison!
5	Great drinks, awesome late night menu.  My friends and I tried to re-create their Key Lime GImlets at home with minimal success, and the waiter kept his cool when I mistakenly called the Nuts and Berries drink "Twig and Berries."  The steak sandwich is quite possibly the most delicious thing I've ever eaten, and it is one of the things I miss most about Madison.
3	I love the Rat Pack loungie feel and ambiance of the bar area. Locate right off the Capitol Square the Tornado Room has the best steak downtown. However if I had to choose my favorite steak house in Madison based on the steak itself I would go with Jim Delaney's Charcoal Steaks or Flemings.
5	The Tornado Room is a quality establishment through and through.  Nestled in the near-Capitol cove of Madison's downtown, you'd usually perceive it to be one of the typical college bars that surround it, but instead you're presented with a walk back in time to the nightclubs of days past.The ambiance of an old-style nightclub is perfectly created from the Frank Sinatra-isk music to the tiny tables surrounded by big circular booths.  You've also got the low lighting, pleasant conversation, an old-style bar, and the aroma of juicy steak.  It literally feels like you're in an episode of Mad Men when you sit down at this restaurant.  One of my friends said that he thought it felt very Wisconsin-Authentic, and I think that claim is deserved as you get some of the down to earth feel with all the casual conversation and comfort eats.I've been twice so far; the first time I went with a party of about 8-10 people for dinner, and was treated to one of the best filet mingon's I have ever had.  I love good steak, and I feel if you are going to eat steak you should go all out because otherwise you could probably just get a good burger instead.  This is definitely the joint to splurge on, as the reward is a slice of succulence.The second time I went, it was with 3-4 friends for drinks and a social hour.  The tables are well suited for this, as the circular design and center-table focal point keep you all within close range for conversation.  They're not terribly accommodating space-wise, but the good conversation promoted by this setup allows for one to ignore that aspect.  Waitresses that I've had were very cordial, timely, and pulled just the right moves to ensure that they would be receiving a generous tip.  All of us had a great time, and would definitely go back again.If there's any drawback of the Tornado Room, it's that the prices are steep.  This is certainly not a place you would go to every weekend, unless of course your making six figures and blow your nose with $100 bills.  But it IS a steakhouse afterall, so the prices are respective to the quality of service that is received.
5	My wife and I hit this place up for a dinner date. Amazing food and the atmosphere is like a Northwoods supper club, but with class. Kind of a throwback to the Rat Pack days.We enjoyed an amazing shrimp cocktail with a bottle of wine for dinner.Both of us had the special, which was a Wisconsin Grass-fed Beef 16oz steak and it was amazing. Just like a normal supper club, they throw tons of food at you. Next to my great steak was a baked potato and soup. Plus there is bread on the table as well. And, they got my steak just the way I ordered. That's a big thing for me is the cooking of the steak. If I say medium, I want medium, not medium well or medium done, medium. And they got it perfect, compared to some of the other places in town.This is a great place to have a romantic dinner.
5	Wow!  I seriously had the most tender steak of my whole life here.  And it was local, grass fed, organic - Madison style, so I didn't even feel guilty about it. Great, sort of vintage vibe in the restaurant - with booths in a bar area that must date back to the roaring 20s or something, and tables in a wood-laden separate room that just screamed classy and Midwestern at the same time.  Great for couples on dates and small groups.I knew I would have to shell out some serious dough for this place - but the bill was still less than L'Etoile and worth every penny.  I'll be back as soon as I can afford it again (probably another year on a grad student budget)!
4	As you would expect, this place has great steak.  I also like the ambiance, wine and cocktails.  I've had mixed luck with the bread offering and the sides.  Sometimes they are good, sometimes not so good.  The steak and fun old school setting keep us coming back though.
5	Absolute heaven. Umm. Can't really think of anything else to add... except eat here. Unless you're a vegetarian. Then you have my permission to not eat... but you must still come here to have a drink.Also... their late night menu = AMAZING. omg.
2	We decided to give this place a try after reading good reviews about it from different websites. I hate to admit that everything here were overrated. I was only here once and my review may not be the most accurate out there. I would love to give this place a second chance, but given the price and my first experience, maybe not in few years.For appetizer, I had the escargot. It was okay but not very special. I've had better for cheaper price. I also had the caesar salad, and it was also just okay (but then, I don't have high expectations from the salad). Finally, for main entree, I ordered a T-bone steak and shared it with my husband. The steak, which was supposed to be the highlight of the night, was dissapointing. I asked for a medium well one, and it was burned and dry. I have been eating medium-well steak all my life, and it's not an impossible requests especially in good steak restaurants. I am not sure if they were busy that night or they grilled it for too long, but for a $30-40ish dollar steak, it was wayyy overrated. I felt bitter for the rest of the night, mostly because I consumed too much carbon and because I had to pay a lot of money for that.
5	Let me start out by saying i LOVE the decor in the bar area, and the restaurant reminds me of a classy version of our cabin in the nortwoods. Just one look and we knew that our food would be fantastic.We had made reservations and were seated immediately. We sat down, ordered drinks and perused the menu. I ordered a spiced pear martini, which sounded good for some odd reason but I didn't love, and the waitress gladly took it back (and didn't charge me for it!). We didn't order an appetizer, opting to pick at the bread instead. The bread was fantastic - some kind of freshly baked rosemary loaf - but we tried not to fill up on it in order to save room for our steaks.I started with the baked french onion soup, which was really, really good, and had the 8oz. filet with asparagus for my entree. This steak was aMAZing. (This is coming from a girl whose uncle raised beef cattle.) It was tender and juicy and perfectly seasoned with just a little salt and pepper.  My boyfriend ordered the peppercorn encrusted sirloin and he was grinning the entire time he was eating it. We were totally stuffed but decided to order dessert anyway, since this was a birthday dinner. The ho-ho was sooooo good and somehow we found room for it. I am not a huge steak eater most of the time, but dang... So good! You have to go here if you even sorta kinda like red meat.
5	Never disappoints. Been going here for years and they consistently have the best steaks, hash browns and top notch service. Classic steakhouse atmosphere right off the square. Love it.
4	This place lives up to what I'v heard thus far about the best steak in town.From the outside, the place looks fairly sketchy. On the inside, the atmosphere borders between a log cabin and a 1950s supper club. The waitstaff are friendly, down to earth, and knowledgeable. Tornado mixes the down to earth qualities of a supper club with touches (wine and food) of a high class steak house.I had the 16oz NY Strip. It's served sizzling on a metal plate with an onion ring on the top. A very nicely seasoned excellent cut of meat that was perfectly cooked.Also Jim, one of the bartenders, is the best.
5	My favorite steakhouse in Madison. Consistently above average food and service meshed with a classic steakhouse atmosphere make it a top spot in town. Want a good drink and a great steak? Go. Now.
4	The outside of this restaurant has always prevented me from going in. However, it was awesome. I didn't get steak - I got the venison and a cheese plate appetizer. It was all delicious.Service: Wonderful. My waitress was very very friendly and attentive.Environment: A little bit woodsy, but cozy. Dark (like all steak houses). And I like that it's made up of lots of different small rooms rather than one large dining area.
4	others here have pretty much covered  it, but I'll add my 2 cents.The Tornado club is 1 of 3 best steak places in Madison.  Located downtown, and reservations are a must (Sundays at 5 is a great time).daily specials start at 15 up to +45.  If you are looking to save some cash, share the steak and potato with a friend and order an extra side salad.The Tornado has that old school supper club feel (minus the old dirtyness that comes with them) and super beers, wines and drinks to keep you happy.
5	My favorite steak in Madison!  I love the ambience and details they put into service.  From the assorted bread and veggies on ice.  The wedge salad is a beautiful work of art, a towering piece of ordinary iceberg lettuce transformed by luscious french dressing, sprinkled with blue cheese and ribbons of carrots perfectly cascading down the side of the iceberg mountain.Hashbrowns crunchy and crispy on the outside; smooth and buttery velvet on the inside - I love butter.Pan seared steaks always cooked to perfection.  I love a medium rare NY strip, my hubby on the other hand medium well sirloin with peppercorn crust.  Staff always ask if he knows what medium well is; he replies yes, and is always happy with the outcome.  For a while this winter they had a recession buster deal Sunday thru Thursday.  It was an outstanding deals, but I don't think they have it anymore.
3	My wife and I went to the Tornado Club for dinner and had a mixed experience.  I should note that we are 'big city' folks, with a history of steakhouse eating.  And it's not fair to rate a restaurant in Madison in relation to say.. a top tier restaurant in Chicago or NY. So, I'll try to deal with it on its own merits.The food tasted very good.  The restaurant's forte was clearly the quality of their ingredients (save for one, which I'll address).  We both had beef steaks and the quality of the meet was superb.  We both had french onion soup, which was delicious.  And we shared a cheese tasting.  We were pleasantly surprised at the flavor parings used in that cheese tasting.  As for the decor/ambiance, it was sort of that old school steakhouse feel with a touch of elegance.  It was nice.Now, there were a few drawbacks to the experience.  The first was the apparent love affair with onions.  I like onions.  But onion was used in everything.  When I asked how the steaks were prepared, I was told that they used garlic powder, onion powder, salt and pepper.  (I would have preferred the waiter to tell me they used a garlic and onion dry rub.. just sounds nicer).  Interestingly, that onion powder was used in all of their breads (different types of bread, but all had the taste of onion powder in it).  Then in a moment of humor, my steak also had an onion ring on top. :)  The steak's preparation was actually pretty tasty.  But the problem was, with their breads and the onion soup,... by the time we got to the steak, the onion powder became more of a nuisance than a pleasure.  So, in sum, the flavors by themselves were good.  But the meal, put together, just seemed unbalanced.Also, since my wife was not drinking, I ordered a wine by the glass.  To be sure, this is usually the worst way to order wine.  And I am aware of the inherent markup used in restaurants with their wine.  So, when paying $8 for a glass, I don't have my expectations very high.  But it was actually a pretty bad shiraz.  And the server did not show us the bottle, or wait to see if I liked it, which seems standard when serving wine (in a non-cheap restaurant).  The server was friendly, but with strange wine service and making the steak preparation sound 'cheap', it could have been better.All in all, we had a decent experience, but we left feeling like we paid too much for what we got overall.  The individual food elements were good.  And the core ingredients were excellent.  But it just didn't all come together for us.
5	In the year of the Mad Men, Don Draper could do no better than this. I lived in Madison for years and only now do I realize the sex appeal that is the Tornado Club. Low, low lights and enveloping leather booths. Huge goblets for my crimson red wine. A hot, humid summer night. Take this review as you will, I didn't eat anything, but I drank plenty. My best friend who was with me eats burgers there late at night; she vouches for their quality.  Draper could have been in the booth next to me with a dirty martini and a bloody fillet, and I wouldn't have batted an eye.
4	I came here with the BF after a long afternoon of steady drinking and carbo loading. I was feeling pretty lousy and told him that I needed water and meat for dinner. He yelped and found Tornado and told me to order whatever I wanted on the menu. I got a Caesar Salad, NY Strip , and a side of asparagus. He got the New England Clam Chowder, rack of lamb, and a side of fries. The food was all amazing. Everything was cooked to perfection and came out exactly how we ordered them. We sat at the bar since the wait was about 45 minutes. We got excellent service and had a great time. I would definitely come back here if I ever find myself in Madison again. Mmmmmm steak!
5	Often times when someone says that a restaurant is a tradition in a city, it ends up being disappointing. The Tornado Club is a tradition and it is head and shoulders the best in Madison. It is not as fancy as some places and feels a bit like a supper club, but when the food is this good the traditional feel just adds to the experience. It has everything you would expect from a high end steakhouse without trying too hard the way the chains do. Great food, great service, and for a high end place, prices are reasonable - at least you feel like you got what you paid for.
5	This is where my husband and I go for special occasions, like our anniversary.  We can only afford to go here once or twice a year, but every time it is SO worth it.  So delicious!  Best steakhouse in Madison!
4	Went there on Sunday night  for a 7:30 dinner. No reservation was necessary, there were people there, but not so many that seating was an issue. I'd probably have had to make reservations for 6pm. This place is very well-decorated; the ambience is unpretentious but tasteful (as tasteful as a cowboy theme can get, I guess)-- as is the food. The fried frog legs appetizer was, surprisingly, really really good. The batter was crispy and well-spiced, it had some sort of delicious sauce, and the meat was tender. It was my first experience with frog legs and I will say I'm a fan.   As an entree, I got the 16 oz New York steak. It was ridiculously good, but had a few bits of gristle in it -- well-seasoned, cooked perfectly with just enough charring on the outside to give it a nice crunch but tender and juicy inside. How did they do that? I got it with a side of hash browns -- highly recommended, if perhaps a little bit greasy. I was planning on getting dessert but by the end of the steak and hash browns, I was too full. That's the food and the ambience. The service was good, but our waitress made herself perhaps a little too sparse. I'm teetering on the edge of giving this place five stars, but because yelp doesn't allow half-stars, I have to err on the conservative side.
5	Woohoo!  What's my favorite dish in all of Madison you ask?  An 8 oz beef tenderloin filet, topped with a crispy onion ring.  Bravo Tornado Club!
5	Stopped at this perfectly preserved relic after giving a presentation at the Wisconsin Historical Society. A perfect ending to a perfectly fun evening. It used to be Crandall's supper club before the Tornado blew in here in the early 1990s. Fortunately they kept the facility intact old-school and only updated the menu. (Incidentally Crandall's catered my presentation at the WHS, which was aptly on Sconnie supper clubs, so I thought it most appropriate to go here for late nosh.)After my gig I was all amiss because I had only one bite of my delish dessert (my fav - coconut creme pie) from Elegant Foods in Madison before I had to get up on the stage. Then I was waylaid after and when I got back to my table the pie was gone. Who took my pie??Anyway we got to the Tornado and lo and behold, they've whirled one of my other favorite pies (key lime) into my favorite drink (malibu gimlet)! I happily ordered a  KEY LIME GIMLET, with graham cracker-crumbed rim. OMG. I couldn't believe this twist of fate. The dessert AND drink gods were smiling down. Had a shrimp cocktail too, and on late night discount it was all a good deal. Going back here to eat next time in the Mad City fo' shizzle.
2	This place must hate me. I have been many times, the staff is always friendly but the food is a mess. I have never had a good meal here. I once took a date and they set us next to the window it was soooooo cold ice had built up on the inside. When asked to be moved they snubbed me, saying there were no open tables. I don't know what I'm missing. This place is right out of the 70's with bad food. Maybe one of these day I will get a good meal that my friends talk about until then I'm not going again unless asked.
4	Really nice place!  My filet --medium rare -- was delicious!  My husband said his could have used more flavor, but that's his own fault for ordering it medium well!  The asparagus side was a little small, and a bit overcooked.  Baked potato was perfect!  Loved the bread assortment they brought out!  French onion soup was good but think the fresh herb they added overpowered the other flavors.  Nice wine selection--gosh I hate paying quadruple the wine store price, though!  Bring back BYOB!  Nice staff and loved our cozy booth--made the din not so overpowering and we could hear each other without yelling!  Really, really yummy steak, but it should be for $33.00!!!
4	This place has got some great character. I actually wish I had gone here for drinks because it's sweet. The steaks are solid although if you don't want a rare steak, then I would suggest asking for well done. We went here for restaurant week and my friend unfortunately was not thrilled with the bloody steak we received. I loved it, but that is not everyone. There are a few good places to get steak in Madison, but this place is the most down to earth. Other places will be a bit stuffy if that is not your thing (e.g. white table clothes).
4	I had to come here for a client dinner ... Right when they said steak house I was sad.. I was pretty sure I couldn't eat anything here because I was vegetarian... I called in ahead of time and asked if they had options because I didn't see anything on the menu .. and voila they said they can do something for me .. they did scalloped potatoes and this fancy pants vegetable dish .. it was great.. I also had the cheese platter .. it was a A+ in my books
3	(5 stars for late-night food; 1 star for cocktail hour = 3 overall)Went for drinks with a few girlfriends late on a friday night.  The drinks that the waitress got right were great, but only 2 out of 6 being correct is pretty horrible.  After delivering the wrong drinks (and forgetting to bring 2), the waitress never returned to our table!  We were seated at the table for over an hour watching the waitress flirt with the bartender when we finally decided we would be better off going to the bar to order and pay our checks.I would love to come back and try the late night menu, which had very reasonable prices and looks wonderful.  However, never making the mistake of going just for drinks again unless I can find a seat at the bar and steer clear of the waitresses.UPDATE: Went back to try the late night menu and the steak sandwich was great, my dining partner had a munster cheeseburger which she loved.  Also, the waitstaff was just fine this time so I am hoping that my first impression was just an unfortunate fluke!
5	I'm reviewing this place for it's late night menu (10PM - close) and drinks, I've never come for dinner.The late night menu is AWESOME.  Best "drunk food" you will ever eat - and it's cheap for the quality that you get.  I got a grass-fed beef burger with muenster cheese, amazing.  My friend got a roast beef with horseradish - great!  Everything tastes very quality and homemade.  I think my burger was $8.95 - it was a steal!  No sides or anything, but a very quality hunk of meat and flavor.  Drinks aren't as cheap, I think a Jim Beam on the rocks was $6.50.The atmosphere is great - it's like an old school steakhouse with a dark interior and half-moon booths.  There is a bar you can sit at (and I think eat at) and then a back room.  I've been there once in a dress and heels for drinks and once at midnight after an Against Me concert in jeans and sneakers and I didn't feel out of place either time - I probably wouldn't wear sneakers during dinner time though.Try the late night menu!  It's amazing!
4	Whether you are a Madison local or stopping by from Chicago or parts unknown for a weekend visit, you must make Tornado Club one of your stops.  It is a supper club frozen in time; upon entry in the bar you would not be surprised to see Don and Betty Draper, Don swigging an old fashioned, oblivious to Betty's obliviousness.  You'll be tempted to have an old fashioned or three yourself, and dive into their world of oblivion, but not before getting yourself some serious meat.First, the decor.  As I alluded to above, the bar is straight out of the forties, with gorgeous curves, and, as a I recall, a smooth marble top.  The bar "stools" are not stools at all but gorgeously upholstered captain's chairs.  We arrived just in time for our table, but were sure to spend a couple hours after dinner at the bar.  The bartenders are very friendly, and well versed in, dare I say it?, mixology, creating some old school aperitifs after the desire for Manhattans wears thin.The various dining rooms - of which there are, I believe, three - have a similar vintage vibe, one with wood paneling on the walls and another, the one we dined in, with an arched, plaster coated ceiling, old time wall sconces, and a fireplace.  For my money, THIS is the room to dine in.  It feels like you are in a country lodge eating freshly killed cuts of meat.And those cuts of meat here are great - I had the venison tenderloin, seared in a red wine sauce.  It had the smoky, gamy notes you expect from a quality cut of venison, and the red wine sauce gives it a hit of primal bloody flavor that knocks the dish out of the park.  It was so rich it was a struggle to finish but I barreled through.  Kelly had one of the steaks, and it was prepared a gorgeous medium rare, slightly crispy on the outside and oh-so-juicy on the inside.After dinner, I sampled the extensive bourbon and rye selection at the bar, and capped off the night with a well-crafted Italian digestif.  If I lived in Madison, I'd be here a couple of nights a month, if not more, without a doubt.  This is a dining establishment to be proud of!PS - As a fun aside, check out the Tornado Club website some time when you can have your speakers on - www.tornadosteakhouse.com - it has an awesome loop of space age bachelor pad music.  Makes me want to fix myself a cocktail right now - gotta go!
2	Dined here last night. A bit disappointed. The crab legs were only slightly warmish. The ribeye on the bone was huge, but undercooked. Our primary server was great, but one of the support staff reached over us to fill my friend's water glass--splashed a lot of water over onto her side plate and the table and then walked away. It was weird. We spent $150 for two and it didn't meet my expectations. In general, I'd say the attention to detail has slipped. I've eaten here many times in my life... Lots of fond memories, but last night won't be one of them. I will still go back. I just hope they can get the magic back.
3	Low key steak house with some classic vibe.  The "house cut" 21oz tenderloin ($45) done medium rare was tasty and tender for the most part.  It did get a more veiny and fibrous on the areas near the bone which were more rare.  Service was pretty good with menu knowledge, refilling drinks, taking away dirty dishes, and serving the food.  My dinner companion got a "well done" filet ($38) that didn't come out like jerky.  There was some pink in the middle and the filet was easy to cut and chew.I saw an order of lab shank thank looked very interesting as well.  Overall, the flavors where tasty without being too salty.  The bread was fresh and warm, and the other sides were on par for any similar type of establishment.The unassuming entrance sets you up to be pleasantly surprised.Definitely worth a try in the Madison area.(4/27/11) Revising to 3 stars from 4 after my second visit.  The service remained good but the meat was overcooked.  People in my party ordered filet and sirloin medium well that turned out to be very tough and dry.  I'm sure medium-rare would have been much better but the texture and flavor was off tonight. The rack of lamb has a very tasty sauce and the portion was good for $28.  The yorkshire pudding was a bit dry.
5	Awesome place for late-night drinks. Service was great, and our server, Christen, was charismatic and friendly. The atmosphere was excellent and we had a great time!
5	Have you had the venison?  If not, prepare to see God.
4	I'd say the tornado was the essence of Wisconsin supper club but really most Wisconsin supper clubs are overpriced and bland in my experience only surviving by being the best place in the county to have a wedding reception or a fish fry.Tornado has the same look and feel but their meat is generally much more flavorful and well prepared than the standard.  The huge bone-in rib eye is delicious, juicy and full of flavor.  The cocktails are strong and they make some of the more obscure classics well.  Generally had good service, even when ordering pretty damn drunk at 10:00.
5	Amazing Steak and Hash-browns! I went with the 14oz Fillet and I'd get it again, as often as possible :).
4	Had dinner last night with my niece while in town for the Badger spring football game.Great service, excellent food.  Relish glass and bread were brought to the table immediately - a nice 'old' touch.  Steaks were excellent.Nice wine list.  Cozy place for dinner.No complaints at all, I'd go back in a heartbeat!
4	My wife and I recently visited this restaurant for our anniversary.I loved the old school gangster atmosphere.  We entered through the bar area, and it was just the type of place that makes you want to sit right down and order a cocktail.  The dining room and overall ambience is right out of Goodfellas.  That's not to say the place can't use some renovations, as long as they don't mess with the winning formula.My wife ordered a chocolate martini, and I ordered the "movie star."  Both were appropriately strong!We both started with spinach salads and warm bacon dressing.  We both thought that there was too much dressing and that it overpowered the salad.  The dinner bread was very good but we didn't want to eat too much of it.Now I'm a steak snob and am very particular about my ribeyes.  Quite frankly I expected to be disappointed, but I would put Tornado's ribeye in my all time top 5.  It was very large (28oz including the bone), but it was nicely charred, perfectly prepared medium rare, and the quality of the meat was very high.  My wife's filet was less impressive.  It lacked tenderness and the flavor was very ordinary.  She received a much better filet at Johnny's Italian Steakhouse in Middleton.(Note:  It's interesting that we've never been to a steakhouse that had BOTH a great ribeye AND a great filet.)Our sides (hash browns and asparagus) were just OK.  We were too full for dessert and settled for another round of drinks in the bar.Overall we enjoyed the restaurant.  We went for steak but I'm anxious to go back for Sunday chicken dinner.  We will be back!
5	My new steak gold standard!  I came here on a cold windy night in October 2010.  Every business trip to Wisconsin, I would go to Delaney's Charcoal steak house and be happy about the whole trip after feasting on a 24 oz t-bone steak.  This time I wasn't as impressed with  Delaney's.  It was time for a change!  So I asked a couple of locals on a good steak house and both of them said - Tornado.  I googled it and then the next evening I was headed there.  Once I got in I immediately realized that I needed a reservation.  The place was packed!  The lady was nice enough to offer the bar which serves a full menu.  I was hesitant at first but I thought DAMNIT! I want my meat!  So I went to the bar and ordered a 21 oz t-bone steak.  The steak was so good I completely blocked out all the other people around me in the bar.  It was perfectly seasoned and it was perfectly cooked.  I was slicing, forking and chomping without care!  You know how sometimes after a few minutes the steak becomes stiff and dry?  Not in this case!  It remained moist and tender until there was no more huhuhu.  It was so good I was tempted to just grab it as I clean up the intricate portions of the t-bone.  I was in steak-heaven! LOLHopefully I get a chance to go back there.  I must try the 28 oz rib eye... I must!!! I must!!!
3	I had a high expectation for this place the moment I peek into the dark wooden walled den from the front window. The small entrance, tiled with what looked like custom ceramics, the dark bar, a man in a suit that looked at you funny before offering service. This  place must be good!Well, the things they put on your table were handsome. The wait was courteous and abundantly cute. But the Caesar salad, in which I measured the quality of an eatery, was bland (other than the healthy size of anchovy lying on top). The signature Steak au Poivre so encrusted in peppery exoskeleton, I could not cut through the meat without straining. Combination of the mushroom sauce and the peppercorn crust was tasty, maybe in smaller amount, but the way it was, I couldn't taste the expensive meat at all.May be next time...
5	Simply the best steak in Madison and one of the best I've ever had. Add in a tasty cocktail, some yorkshire pudding and the onion ring on top and you have a perfect meal. Make sure you save room for the pineapple upside-down cake for dessert. Just writing this review I want to go back tonight.
5	This place is fantastic.  Great atmosphere, and a really cool ilttle bar.  The food was superb.  We didn't have a reservation, but they were able to seat us right away.  Probably because the room they placed us in was filled by an uber-obnoxious group, about 3 sheets to the wind (drunk).  Even they couldn't. Ruin this wonderful meal.They start u with veggies and a generous bread plate.  Like almost all the places we went in Madison, they had excellent cocktails.  We ordered the frog legs (best I ever had) and the corn soup (yummy)to start.I ordered the sirloin, and it was great, one of the better steaks I've had.  My buddy got the rack of lamb.  It was excellent.  Luckily the portion was big enought o share.  A great place.  I wish I could give it 6 stars.
5	Absolutely phenomenal dining experience from the service to the outstanding steak, breads and sides that accompanied our meals. I can't wait to visit again on my next trip out that way. Loved it!
5	Probably the best steak place in Madison.  Great atmosphere - old school supper club, but younger waitstaff and a great bar.  Very close to the square, so a great place to start the night.  Do not miss the late night menu (10PM-1AM) - the food sandwiches are fantastic and very reasonably priced.
5	I went here with my boyfriend as soon as it opened on a Monday night since we were going to a show at 7. I saw all the good reviews on yelp so we decided to check it out. From the outside, this place looks almost like a dive bar. Inside, it looks like a retro log cabin. The staff were very friendly and helpful. My boyfriend and I split the king crab legs and a 14oz filet mignon. The bacon spinach salad was AMAZING. Best cooked and flavored bacon I've had in a long time. Our entrees were equally as delicious. The crab tasted fresh and the steak was cooked perfectly. We were so full we couldn't even touch our baked potatoes, which were huge. Loved the food, would definitely go back when I'm in Madison!
5	I went here a year ago and still remember how good the food was.  Unfortunately it's fairly expensive, but worth it.
5	This place looks like a dive from the outside but inside...has "character."  Tried both the rack of lamb and the walleye, both were awesome.  Had the Caesar salad as one side, that was not very good, I'd choose something else next time.  Asparagus was, well, it was asparagus.  Hash browns were, well, they were hash browns.  For desserts, tried the chocolate toffee cake, very good!  And...pineapple upside down cake.  I never would have tried this, recalling the dry stuff from the '70s, but it was recommended and it was AMAZING.  Moist and very caramel-y.  Summary - simply average sides, but entrees and dessert were AWESOME.  Only other complaint was there was a large party in the same room we were in and it's kind of noisy, hard to carry on a conversation.  Also a little pricey.  Did not try the steak, maybe I will next time.
5	Love this place! Period. Fun little bar to warm up in (if you can get a little table booth) while waiting for a table. The place has great steak and is classy with an old-time feel to it. Highly recommended!
5	The late night atmosphere is quite eclectic and funky but they're always playing some old soul (Sam Cooke, Al Green) so I feel right at home. The late night menu is quite delicious with the burgers being some of the best I've ever had in Madison, hands down. The funny thing is, we haven't been in for a proper dinner yet, but we plan on it soon.
5	Outstanding. I always go back when I'm visiting Madison. Try the spinach salad. If you don't want beef, the pork is amazing.
5	As great as the steaks are, the wedge salad was the best I ever had, and the pineapple upside down cake was absolutely phenomenal!  Best yet, the service was outstanding.  We were seated right next to a group of overly intoxicated, loudmouthed, obnoxious post-game customers and the hosts made sure we were moved to another table, and they were super nice about it.  That kind of service will keep us coming back! (Even on a home-game Saturday :)
4	Old school setting and great service help overcome an uneven menu. My onion soup was unremarkable, lukewarm  and didn't have much of a crust. However, the venison was amazing (medium rare). Unfortunately the Brussels sprouts that came with were undercooked. We ordered multiple desserts and the standouts were the lemon tart and especially the chocolate caramel tart. PS - did try a companions hashbrowns and those rocked as well!
3	No complaints. Nothing great.
4	A really cool place that serves good waistline-expanding grub.  Had the 8 oz. filet, which was really tender and cooked perfectly.  One of my companions had a really tough, gristly NY strip, but our waitress removed it from the bill.  Service was as good as anywhere, and the hash browns could drive a nutritarian to the brink of unrepentant gluttony.  The bar in this place is a classic, old-school steakhouse-type slab of wood, dark and inviting despite being packed to the gills.  Thumbs way up.
4	The Tornado is one of my favorite stand by restaurants.  It is always good.  I especially love their Oysters Rockafeller and Walleye.  The service is usually pretty good too.
4	The roasted half chicken = GREAT! The mashed potatoes & green beans were very good, as well. The stuffing was good, but could have been better in flavor. The service was great. The bread options & Caesar salad was delish, as well. No complaints, really. The environment of the restaurant was nice - I love the level of privacy in the booths. The bar environment was very moody, dark, and retro - divine!
3	Summary:  Pretty good, but I'd never go back at these prices, and I felt bait-and-switched about the organic steaks.The good:  A pleasantly old-school room, featuring way too many loud drunk people to be in any way romantic but at any rate atmospheric.  The loin of venison was really excellent, cooked just to a purple-red in the center, tender, moist, and woodsy.  The hash browns were simple but outstanding.  A gin-and-tonic-and-apple cider cocktail was just sweet and rich enough to be a great fall drink.The bad:  the 14-ounce filet had a nice sear, but was somewhat lacking in flavor and moistness -- it wasn't bad, but it didn't live up to expectations at a high-end place like this.  Worse, Tornado's website advertises their steaks as organic, which was a big selling point for my wife; the waitress told us they weren't.  So either the web site is false or the waitstaff doesn't know what's being served; either one is a serious problem.We enjoyed our dinner overall, but the prices here are pretty much the same as L'Etoile, and the food isn't close to that good.  Certainly the steak at L'Etoile is better, albeit smaller, than the one here.
5	Easily, my favorite bar in Madison. The drinks are well-concocted, thoughtful, and pack a punch. Courteous and attentive waitstaff. Drinks are $2 off Sun-Thurs after 10. The food is also great but, to be honest, I come for the crowded, dimly lit nooks that bring to mind a classic mid-century supper club. To share a drink in the right atmosphere with the right people is always a good night.
4	Our son took us here  on Nov 5, 2011.Called for reservations on Tuesday Nov. 1 for reservations for four.Had a choice of 5:15 or 9:15.  Took 5:15.  When we arrived it was pretty empty but within  a half an hour it was getting full. Very dark. Lots of wood. Jazz music playing. Husband and son had the specialty cut, 20 oz. Bone-In Tenderloin (46.00) Wedge salad/ baked potato. Both said it was the best steak they ever had. Done medium perfectly.I had the broiled shrimp ($23.00)   French onion soup $1.50 extra. Very bland/ zucchini Daughter had the Walleye ($22.00) Caesar salad/ baked potato. Best walleye she has ever had.For dessert we had: Flour less chocolate Cake, Chocolate Carmel Tart, Pineapple upside Down Cake. $8.00 each. Great attentive staff. Could use brighter bulbs in lamps by tables.Woman's bathroom very old looking but clean
5	I have absolutely nothing bad to say about the Tornado. I could try but it just ain't happening. I frickin' love this place. Now I wouldn't recommend pulling a stunt like me and never making a reservation but I personally have been able to get a table with almost no wait every time I have come here. Granted I have had to crush into one of those tiny cocktail booths with four people and eat with our plates balanced in our laps because of my lack of foresight but it was worth the trouble. I love their Old Fashioned's (Bourbon for me, you'll get it with brandy if you don't specify) and on the occasions when I brought my mom there she loves their brandy stone sour (I've seen her order this old-school cocktail only to be met with a blank stare at many other places and the Tornado staff didn't bat an eyelash at her request)This place is as old-school supper club as any place could get, dead animals and antique firearms on the walls and lots of dark, dark, wood decorate the interior. I've tried several things on the menu including duck, prime rib, and pork chops and all of them have been huge and delicious. The best part of the supper club experience is that you get a relish "tray" (actually an icy pint glass) full of skewered pickles, olives, radishes, celery carrots etc. Bread basket with these dill rolls that I love and choice of soup or salad ( I LOVE their wedge which comes with "Blue cheese French dressing" ( not one but TWO different dressing swirled over the plate) and choice of potato (I can only comment that the hash brown is the size of a hubcap and the only potato that i ever have or ever will order at the Tornado) I love their frog leg appetizer and the oysters Rockefeller were pretty darn good too.Did I mention that their beef is organic? and to top it all off you can head downstairs to the Corral Room on weekends for live music and more of their nicely priced bucket sized cocktails. Love this place. I don't often make the trip out of town JUST to eat at a restaurant but the tornado deserves my efforts.
2	After hearing how terrific the food and atmosphere are at Tornado Club, I was eager to try it. I had the 8 oz filet and my girlfriend had the queen cut of prime rib on a recent Saturday night. Even though the restaurant is listed as wheelchair accessible, it was difficult to turn the sharp corner into the bar from the front door and if the bar is busy, it's nearly impossible to negotiate my large power wc between the vintage barstools and excessively large booths. Also, the well-worn marble in the doorway needs to be replaced--it forms a large, uneven surface which further complicates a difficult entryway for a wheelchair-using patron. My steak was good, if slightly undercooked from my medium request. The hash brown were greasy and overly cooked and my underwhelming barley mushroom soup was heavy on the former while the latter was nearly non-existant. My gf's prime rib was tasty, but the cut was particularly thin and excessively fatty compared with other restaurants in Madison. Overall, Smoky's still rules in my book and perhaps it's impossible for any steak house to live up to the kind of love the Tornado gets from it's devotees. It just didn't do it for me and Smoky's doesn't make you choose between soup or salad (both are included) and each include a relish tray and bread--for pretty much the same price. For me though, the flavor of my steak wasn't as good as Smoky's and it was disappointingly undercooked. I'm probably like most diners who don't go to the trouble to send it back, not wanting to wait or make a fuss.
2	Normally, I would give Tornado a pretty high review.  Unfortunately, my husband and I were on the fence between Tornado and another favorite restaurant, and tonight I wish we would have went to the other restaurant.My husband's family traveled from Europe to visit us and we figured this was the best place in town to go for a fabulous steak dinner.  While everyone else had a good dinner my medium well steak arrived medium rare.  After sending back, and missing eating my dinner with the family, it arrived again, still medium rare.Instead of sending back for the second time, I had the waiter box so we could make steak and eggs for breakfast tomorrow.Shockingly, we still had to ask for the dinner to be removed from the check, or at least discounted.  After all, I didn't even get to eat my dinner. We received 25% off of a $40 plate and the waiter insisted he had to "fight" for the discount we received.I'm sorry to say that I am extremely disappointed in the service and food this evening.  Experience is everything and tonight was a disappointing evening to an otherwise exciting family visit.  Next time, we'll go the extra distance for what now is our first choice.
5	A truly great steakhouse.  Though it took a bit of time, they were able to make the best Vesper I've ever had.  The old fashion was also extrodinary.  When I asked for a very rare steak the server asked if I wanted it black and blue which is the only way to eat tenderloin but few places will prepare it that way.
4	Great food! Tasty!  I have been twice and both times I have been  happy with the service. At my most recent visit in Dec. of 2011 our waitress was very polite and attentive to our needs staying on-top of the drinks and hors d'oeuvres. The steak was cooked to perfection. For appetizers we had the escargot, frog legs, and shrimp cocktail.  The frog legs were great and prepared in a tasty sauce.  The escargot was in my opinion sub par. My only real issue with the evening was the noise. The room we were sat in behind the wall of the bar had horrible acoustics. To be fair I think part of it was due to a few large and loud parties but it was clear that the room had poor acoustics. I don't enjoy yelling across the table to person across from me.  The first time I ate at the Tornado Room we were sat in the room off the kitchen area and the noise had not been an issue so I would recommend requesting that area for seating if making a reservation.
4	Based upon the Yelp reviews my expectations were a little high. I expected to be blown away, but left content with the dinner I had. The bread plate and "relish tray" was nice but not extraordinary. The favorite component of dinner was the sea scallops appetizer. It was served on a shell with creamy mashed potatoes and with a delectable cream sauce. Entrees included the 20 oz bone-in tenderloin and the walleye. The tenderloin appeared to be somewhat smaller than 20 oz but was incredibly moist and flavorful. The walleye had a nice crust and sauce but was forgettable. My husband and I are confused about the hype around the hash brown discus. The aesthetics comprised of dark lighting, rustic wood, and old farm details. It was charming and loud. As I mentioned, reading Yelp beforehand made me quite particular. While I enjoyed my dinner, the Tornado Club will not be one of my most memorable dining experiences.
3	We came here for our anniversary a few days ago. The bread was tasty. The soup of the day, broccoli beer cheese, sounded delicious but was disappointing. Our server seemed distracted and a bit condescending. My steak was good tasting and done just the way I like it, and the brussel sprouts were perfect.  Boyfriend was disappointed with his lobster tail. We have also come for their late-night menu after shows at the frequency and love the food they offer then!
4	Celebrated my 40th birthday here with no regrets.  From the relish tray (served in a icy pint glass) to the homemade breads to the soups/salad/entrees, this restaurant proudly embraces the "supper club" moniker.  Delicious frog legs served in a citrusy honey glaze.  I had the 28 oz bone-in ribeye and it was one of the better steaks I have eaten in a long time (close match to Prime at the Bellagio).  I have had their late night menu often and was reminded that I need to come more often.  Top notch.
4	Recently went to a dinner for my wife's work. The food was great (8 oz fillet) excellent drinks. The only complaint was the booth we had to seat 4 people which wasn't big enough. The space to sit is constraint
1	I wish they had negative stars because that's what they deserve!!!!!!worst place i have ever been to.i came with my 7 year old son to celebrate my birthday, my son fell asleep so they kicked us out."sorry sir we do not allow sleeping in the restaurant"what kind of people own this place???????they should be ashamed of themselves !!!!!!!!
4	Dark and old school, in the best way possible. Reliable bar, fairly reliable kitchen and any problem (on the rare occasion there is one) is resolved without delay or question. Be sure to check out the well managed wine list -- or skip it and go directly for generously sized martinis.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Madtown.  Good for either a romantic dinner or for some late night food in the bar area.  The steaks are great and are served with a huge doughnut-like onion ring.  I love the hash browns and the shrimp cocktail as well.  Drinks are excellent and the wine list is nice; also a limited but good seafood menu.  My favorite part however is the untouched 50s supper-club decor.If you are in Madison, trust me, this place should be one of the top slots on the list.  Disregard any negative review, however the service can be a little on the snotty side, which you should just have fun with because it's coming from 23 to 26 year old poli-sci grad students from Minneapolis.
5	I came here recently for my friend's birthday with a big group. We were seated fairly quickly and ordered two bottles of cava for our table. The server came out with several bread plates, which looked delicious. (My friend and I are both gluten intolerant, so we couldn't eat any.) She and I split the 16 oz. sirloin, the market vegetable (zucchini), and a hash brown. We told our server we were splitting dinner and everything came out already split on to two plates, which was a nice touch. My spinach salad was incredible and the lardons were savory. Our steak came out with an onion ring on top of it, which contained gluten. We told the server and she graciously offered to get us a new steak. While they cooked us an entirely new steak, we enjoyed the delicious sides. The hash brown was buttery and wonderful. We got our steak and it was worth waiting for. After all of that food, neither of us could finish our halves of the steak. I would definitely return here for dinner and I hear their late-night menu is great as well.
4	The food is a bit pricey, but FINALLY I found a place that cuts steaks the way they were intended. THICK and GORGEOUS!  The decor for the place is a bit ugly, as well as terrible lighting, but casting that aside the food was delicious. My steak was a masterpiece, perfect thickness, cooked correctly, well seasoned. They bring a selection of breads to the table and offer either a soup or a salad with your meal. I wish they offered more appetizers since I am not a fan or escargot or frog legs. The waiter was kind and attentive. The prices are a bit high, but well worth it for a good steak done right.
4	Love it. Old school supper club.
1	Ok, I KNOW how loyal & traditional Madison natives are.....but, this was my third time here and I AM NOT IMPRESSED and won't go back.....I have NO problem paying good money for good food, but for an OK steak and undercooked veggies not for me.......I don't get why do many people live this place soo much?!? When the salad is the only good thing, I am and was disappointed.service was barely acceptable too....
4	The wife and I celebrated my birthday tonight at the Tornado Room.  Overall, very good, but a bit inconsistent and questionable when it came to value.  Atmosphere-- Loud and dark.  I  liked it, but I could see this being a turn-off for others.Drinks- Excellent martinis and gimlets.Bread-- Fantastic.Appetizers-- very disappointing.  We split frog legs and escargot.  Both left a lot to be desired.  The frog legs were extremely bland-- both the batter and the meat itself seemed like they could have used more seasoning.  Not good.  Escargot was ok but certainly nothing to write home about.  I really liked the escargot at Nadia's when it was still open. These were really unremarkable.  I managed to push one of them into the shell and didn't even expend the effort to get it back out.  Wouldn't eat this again.Salad and Soup-- My wife had the spring mix with balsamic vinaigrette.  She said it was very good.  I loved the French onion soup.Steaks-- Excellent.  Wife had the 8 oz filet, which she really liked.  I had the tenderloin, which was also very good.  I liked the idea of the onion ring on top, but didn't love the onion ring itself-- as someone else said, it was almost doughnut like-- encrusted in a thick batter rather than a nice crispy coating.  I didn't love it, though the wife enjoyed it quite a bit..  I went for the hash browns, just because I saw them mentioned in so many reviews.  They were nothing special.  I would order a baked potato if I had to do it over again.  In any case, the meat had wonderful flavors, but was quite pricey.  Service- very good.  No complaints.  Unobtrusive and competent.  Overall, we both really enjoyed the meal, but for $160 (before tip) I think I could find better in Madison.  If we did it again, we'd skip the appetizers and probably be much more satisfied.  Finally, one complaint-- do you really need to charge $1.50 extra for french onion soup (instead of the soup du jour)?  Given the price of this place, this felt like I was being nickel and dimed.
5	Possibly the best steak I ever had was at the Tornado. If you are asking yourself, where should I get a steak in Madison? The answer is Tornado Room. Don't bother shopping around, just go and enjoy a delicious and perfect steak.The exterior of their establishment is bland, edging on run down in appearance (especially from the side that doesn't feature their outside patio) but belies the cozy interior, a classic supper-club vibe, and wonderful food. The prices are medium-high but not inappropriate for good quality steaks. Although occasionally the cocktails seem a bit pricey.My favorite- either the NY Strip (for that delicious rich meat flavor) or the Filet. Bear in mind when ordering the filet that it is a truly large, thick cut, so order it a temperature or two higher than you would want in a thinner steak like the NY strip.  In other words, I like my meat med-rare, so for the Filet I order it medium to medium well. Otherwise the inside is past rare and I hate being that girl who sends her steak back to be re-fired. Their steaks are served with a thick-cut giant onion ring on top, which is easy to miss in the menu so if you hate onions for whatever reason, be warned and be aware. And then give your onion to me, because I want it. Thanks. Also, I really like their french onion soup, which I think they always have in addition to the soup of the day. I was mildly disappointment by a fish special, and their vegetable sides are occasionally bland or dry, especially in the winter. But what can you do, it's winter. But really, Tornado is known for the red meats, and I should have known better than to stray from their forte. I'm not one of those folks who demands bread for their table before a meal I already know will be rich and filling. But I honestly look forward to their bread-basket, with the warm, fresh-baked herbed mini-loaf as the star. I can't help myself, I always eat half of it. Also note that they have a great late-night menu with a more limited selection and a lower price tag. I must admit I have never partaken of this menu, but have perused it while having a late-night drink after work. Looks like a delicious bargain to me. Occasionally they are quite busy, especially on the weekend.  So I would recommend coming early or making a reservation. Their service has always been acceptable or good. I definitely would recommend it. Dinner for two with one cocktail and no desert ran around $100 plus tip, and we chose mid ranged items. Overall very tasty, well prepared steaks.I can however complain that during the summer, their establishment is uncomfortably hot inside. But the same could be said for many restaurants in Madison's downtown old buildings.
4	Great restaurant tucked down a side street of the Capitol Square.  If you don't know what you are looking for, you might just pass this place by, but don't.  It's worth every dollar.Atmosphere inside is cozy and warm, with dim lighting and remarkable wood paneling and detailing.  While the menu is limited, one doesn't go to Tornado without an idea in mind of what they want to eat... meat!My wife and I shared escargot to start, followed by individual side salads, then the peppercorn filet in a cream and cognac mushroom sauce.  The escargot was better than good, but not great.  The salads, while enjoyable were served on room temperature plates.  For a place with the style of Tornado, I was expecting chilled plates.  The main entree was to die for and one of the best filet's I have had in my life.  On the side I enjoyed a baked potato and Brussels sprouts and my wife ordered the hash browns.  The baked potato had a wonderfully crispy skin and the Brussels sprouts were well prepared, although the amount was a little on the shy side, seeing as it was its own separate side order.  The hash browns were seasoned we'll, and although a unique side, were very pleasing.Including two drinks from the bar, the shared appetizer, and the two main entrees as discussed, the total bill with tip came out to about $150.00.  Not a bad price for the amount of food and it's quality.  The next time we are in Madison, Tornado, will be on the list of places we eat.
5	Food is amazing.  Try the frog legs or Escargot for appetizer.  The venison or walleye are prime choices for the entree.  Make sure to get the spotted cow draft also!  Ambiance is great, service is great, and it is located right next to the capitol building.  Definitely a great place to go if your visiting
5	That neon sign really says it all! We just went to the bar, and it was perfect. Great decor, great cocktails, and (Yay!) no TV in the bar area. Wonderfully Old School, and if I lived in Madison, I would go here all the time!
4	Good steaks, friendly service in a relaxed environment.
4	While on a weekend trip roadtrip to Spring Green I had dinner here for my birthday. We started with the frog legs which were just ok. Then I had the cauliflower cream soup which was good.  For my main course I had the filet with hash browns. The filet was cooked a perfectly. The hash browns were really good, but be prepared for a peppery kick. We finished with the upside down pinapple cake.  It is servered warm with ice cream on top. Yummy!  Don't leave without having the cake.
5	The Tornado Room is incredible! It might be the best steakhouse in Madison, with a superb filet mignon and great sides. Also, check out their late night menu after 10pm! They have an amazing steak burger and the prices drop a lot compared to their normal dinner menu. Great service, great food, great place!
5	This review is actually for the Corral Room....basically the basement of the Tornado Club.  Do me a favor and don't go here because I LOVE IT and it is tiny and cool and if everyone goes there it will be packed and loud.  Ok, that is selfish.  If you want to go back in time and enjoy a delicious strong drink this is the place for you.  Play some tunes on the jukebox and be king or queen of the castle in the cool booths.  Just save me a seat!
5	Ever feel like donning a fedora and walking into an establishment where you could truly feel like Don Draper from Mad Men?  That is the Tornado Club Steak House.My wife and I went there for the first time a few weeks ago on our anniversary.  While we waited for our table to be ready, we sat at the bar, which had the look and feel of a place that hadn't been touched since 1963.  Unlike a gross, greasy-spoon diner, this is not a bad thing.  It felt very classy and made for a great atmosphere.  Now, my go to cocktail is a simple Jameson on the rocks.  At a place like this I was prepared to pay $8-9.  Not so.  Instead, a more reasonable $5 price.  Impressive!  They also have a wide variety of martinis that I wasn't brave enough to try this night, but hope to soon.As for the food?  Let's put it this way:  My wife, a filet mignon connoisseur, found the Tornado Club Steak House's far tastier than the uppest-scale member's only dinner clubs in Chicago we've been invited to.  It was very well seasoned and cooked to my wife's exact specification.  I had the salmon, which I'll admit was probably the best salmon I've ever had.  Again, perfect seasonings and cooked perfectly.  I have never been to a place that had a side for dinner of shredded hash browns.  Not only was this a smart choice for a side, but they give you practically a pound of potatoes, all well-seasoned.  Plenty of leftovers that re-heated perfectly with the next day's breakfast.Word of caution:  Make your reservations early.  Calling even a day or two in advance will get you a Saturday night reservation of either 5:30 or 8:30.  Being the parents of small children, 8:30 would near our bedtimes.   Also, the deliciousness isn't cheap.  Prepare for a hefty bill.  Not "oh my god I have to mortgage my house" expensive, but it's going to cost more than your average dinner at Chili's.  But fear not, you definitely get what you pay for.I definitely look forward to donning my fedora next time I come in, even if but for a drink.
5	Omg it was sooooooooooooo good u gotta hug the chef I went on my day best steak Burger
5	Good food? Check. Good drinks? Check. Good atmosphere? Check. Tornado, where have you been? This place dished up the best late night burger I think I've ever eaten in a hip atmosphere that made me feel like a super cool cat. Add an onion ring to whatever to order for a buck. A buck for an onion ring? Yah. But it's mammoth!
5	My husband and I absolutely just love Tornado! We have been here several times and it just keeps getting better. We took another couple with us this last time and they loved it just as much. The Atmosphere inside is cozy and warm, with dim lighting and wood paneling. Very nice for a romantic dinner or a celebration with friends. Friendly service in a relaxed environment!We started off with the Shrimp Cocktail and Oysters Rockefeller. Both very delicious! We all had the wedge salad and a bottle of wine. My husband had the 16 oz. New York Strip while the other two with us had the 28 oz. Ribeye on the Bone and 8 oz. Filet. All 3 said it was cooked to perfection and melted in their mouth. I had the boiled shrimp which was excellent! Both the guys had the hash browns which was enough for all four of us! We finished off dinner with a coffee while making plans for the next time we would return.
1	Very disappointing! The steak was overcooked and bland. I ordered the $49 Bone In Tenderloin medium rare- it was delivered medium well. We were the 2nd table to be seated at 5:10. By 6:30, every table around us had been seated, served and had eaten their entrees as we were still waiting for our entrees. When I finally got the attention from our waitress, she was defensive and told us we were wrong as did the host as we were leaving. The bread & oysters Rockefeller were tasty but not enough to be bring us back.
5	I am definitely a fan. On a quick trip to Madison, and had originally planned to go to Wonder Bar for dinner (close to the hotel and had good reviews) but their kitchen was closed at like 8:30. Lame. So my cab driver suggested Tornado. So glad.I was a little disoriented when I first walked in beause it's sooooo dark and kinda divey, but it's divey in like an old-school, not too many frills steak house. The menu is super simple, and normally i like lots of frills with my steak (cool sauces and sides and what have you), so I was a little "meh" feeling.But everything was DELICIOUS. My steak was cooked perfectly med rare (whichsurprised me a bit - lots of places are getting weird about that one), seasoned simply, and there was seriously no need for a steak knife. Pointless when it's that tender. The spinach salad was great too, but seriously, this steak was fantastic.And of course, service was wonderful as well. I sat solo in one of the lounge booths and my server was the perfect blend of attentive without beinig all up in my areas. I would be back in a heartbeat...ya know...if i lived here.
4	absolutely best late night menu in Madison.I have never been here before 10 p.m. but I can vouch for the food after that and it is fantastic.  I always get the cheese curds (best in Madison) and usually the wedge.  Yeah, yeah, I know, it's just iceburg lettuce; but the dressing, bleu cheese, bacon and croutons on this baby is legit.  I have also had the steak sandwich which is ridiculously huge and totally worth the $$.  My friends swear by the scallops but I do not eat that :(Their drink menu is also extensive and fun and the service is friendly and quick.Come late at night, you will not be disappointed!
5	Tornado is a true and unadulterated, quality steak- and meat-house. You won't find another in Madison.The first time I went here, it was late and I was very hungry, but I wanted everything on the menu and couldn't decide quickly. Our waitress came back to our table several times before I could finally settle down on what to order. That day, I had the venison and, boy, what a great choice! It was so juicy, so tender, so [fill in the blank with your favorite word that means the best thing ever]!Since then, I've had the privilege of savoring Tornado's filet mignon, which just melts in your mouth, and their ribeye. I'm a tough judge on ribeye because it's my universally favorite cut of steak, but man it was good here! I wasn't big on the appetizers here, but the escargots were pretty good. If I ever get a chance to dine at this place again (I've moved now), I'd want to try the rabbit. Final thoughts. The atmosphere is nice and the service is great as well. Tornado is pricey for sure, but it's worth the mouth orgasm that you'll pay for. Trust me, it doesn't stop until your prey safely and slowly makes its way down your esophagus and into your belly. You'll probably end up cheating on your favorite restaurant every so often.
5	Tornado Room is one of my top spots in Madison.  Enjoy Perfectly Crafted Cocktails?  The BEST Lamb Chops in all of Madison?  Maybe something a little Different like Frog Legs?  This Place has great food.  Not to Mention Awesome Steaks.  Check it out!
4	Went here with the mother in law last night for dinner.  Table of 3.  Got there around 6:20.  Immediate seating for a Thursday.  FAR better than when I went to Fleming's in Midvale about 15 minutes prior, who absolutely would not seat us as we didn't have reservations, even though there were 5 waiters standing there doing nothing near the waiter station.... grrr....Anyways, The Tornado was great.  I had been there once before with the wifey a few years ago and felt it was above average then, but last night the food seemed much better than I remembered.Shrimp Cocktail was standard, nothing special, but MIL likes it so we got it.  French Onion Soup above average.  Good heft to the broth.  The two other salads looked good.I ordered the Bone in Ribeye, which is my favorite steak due to the marbling.  Medium rare.  Cooked pretty well.  Very good flavor to the steak, perfect crusting and great texture.  A very very very good steak.  Probably a five star steak honestly.Wife and MIL liked their filets as well.  I think the steak prices are 30-48$.Dessert was a chocolate/caramel contraption, which I didn't really partake in but everyone else seemed to love it.  Total price ~ $150 without tip.Very well done restaurant.  Service was grea
5	If you know me, you know I hate basements. (Long story). So if you're going to lure me below ground level, there better be amazingness below. And there is. Downstairs of Tornado Steakhouse in the Corral Room. Sleek and sexy white leather booths, ambient lighting, attention to service and some rad mixology. It was down below that I tried a Tornado steak for the first time (I usually go burger) and it was pretty bomb. I feel like 13 bucks for a sirloin nothing more is a bit much, but as I cut, forked, ate... it didn't matter. Meats great. It was prepared exactly how I wanted it/asked and it was just what I was looking for to go with some expertly mixed negronis. I'm torn now. Upstairs or down... what do I do next time? Down is open Friday and Saturday, but my goal is to get enough people buzzing about it that they need to get that going all the days, all the time.
5	Late night hunger too often results in desperate and embarrassing decisions: Perkins, questionable street vendors...  Eating the entire tub of ice cream in my freezer...But no more! The Tornado Room took a meal I barely want to admit I eat and turned into something I can't stop talking about.  Their late night menu is classy and delicious.  So have a house cocktail with a shrimp cocktail and say goodbye to midnight trips to Taco Bell.
2	Great cocktails!  Brandy old fashioned was a work if art.  Salad was great, but steak was completely forgettable.  The bar is highly recommended
3	OK place but had better.Steak was OK although for the price i was expecting better.we were seated on a table and the seats were small.No parking, had to drive around till i found a ramp (with pay meters) not too far.
5	This is the best place for steaks in Madison. They start you with a fun glass of veggies on ice and a variety of bread - a really long breadstick, loaf of bread, and various rolls. All the food is great, as are the drinks and service. The bone-in tenderloin is pricy, but completely worth it. It's really melt-in-your-mouth. The king crab legs were really good and they were so big they hung over the sides of the plate a bit. Unfortunately, we've never had room for dessert.We go here whenever we want good steak or have something to celebrate. When my sister recently asked about the best place for steaks in Madison, I didn't even have to think about it.Only downside is the decor. The supper club look doesn't really fit the high level of the food, so it seems a little odd. I suppose it makes the place less pretentious though.
2	let's just say the servers are not friendly ....this was my 2nd visit to this steakhouse. the 1st visit was a total disaster. the server spilled drinks all over the table and one of our guests. the steak i ordered rare came to me medium at best. everyone at the table knew it even before i was told to cut into it by the waitress. apparently she did not realize that when a person tells her that anything more than rare will be sent back, they mean it because they are experienced and have had many bad experiences due to some cooks not knowing how to cook a truly rare steak. that being said, all i had to do was look at the steak to see it was obviously overcooked. the waitress had the audacity to tell me she would take it to the kitchen to make sure i was right. sorry to be indignant about it, but when a customer tells you the $40 steak is not cooked right maybe, just maybe, the customer knows what he or she is talking about. needless to say the waitress came back and said that i was indeed right and that they would cook me a new steak. it was just the snotty way she said it that sticks with me.so, we decided to give it another try. anyone can have a bad night and it was quite packed that night.well, the 2nd time the service was just as unfriendly. in fact, the waitress was down right rude. when i told her of my experience the first time and reiterated that anything more than rare would be sent back, she merely said the cooks really knew what they were doing and that couldn't have happened in this restaurant. as if i would lie about my first dining experience there. really?!?!mind you it is an hour drive from Milwaukee to Madison then another hour back home. so let's get to the details.the food is in general good. i ordered the large filet the 1st time. after the 2nd try it was cooked just the way i like it. nothing special. just a decent rare steak. so there was nothing wrong with the dinner. i tried the ceasar salad. again, your average salad minus the crutons, ofc.the 2nd visit i ordered the venison filet. the sauce on the was overbearing. if you try it, get the sauce on the side so you can decide if you like it or how much you want to put on it so that you can taste the venison. it did come out rare the 1st time. so kudos for the waitress at least listening or the cook for actually reading the order correctly. the filet was served with cooked kayo and baked potato (undercooked). i guess you have to really like kayo to enjoy it. i found in pungent and let the vegetarian at the table enjoy it. the 2nd visit i ordered the salad. it came out as a wedge. it was swimming in french salad dressing. by the time i cut it all up, the lettuce had wilted into a coagulated mess. i just couldn't finish it .. it was awful. again, get the dressing on the side so you can put on how much you want so this does not happen to you.in summation, perhaps this trendy restaurant wants to make its guests feel ill at ease. snooty servers can ruin a good night out. rude ones can make it a trial. the staff needs to learn that they can make up for a bad night by at least being friendly. they don't have to hover or be your best friend. both visits every person in my party commented about the poor service and bad attitude. that's 4 the 1st time and 6 on the 2nd visit. overall, we have all agreed that we will not be back.the 2 star rating is due to the service, not the food. if i rated the food, perhaps a 3 or 3.5 star rating would be appropriate. i have had better steak. my favorite steakhouse in Milwaukee is the 5 O'clock Steakhouse on State Street in Milwaukee (formerly Coerper's). they know how to treat people and cook a fine steak for about the same price. Tornado could learn a lot from them.
4	Just before Christmas, I took my mother to Tornado Steakhouse for a meal. It was her first time in Madison and I wanted somewhere special, yet quintessentially Wisconsin and I thought Tornado would fit the bill. I wasn't disappointed.We had a 7:15 reservation and arrived early, so after check in we decided to start in the bar. I introduced her to the brandy old-fashioned, which I ordered for her sour and with olives -- she loves olives. Mine was the same, but with fruit. Very good, and the bartender was polite, professional, and cheerful -- he cared for his job and obviously enjoyed what he did, and the results showed in his drinks. It was a pleasure to watch him work.Starters were a spinach salad for me and French onion soup for her; these were accompanied by complimentary bread and crudites. The bread was quite good and accompanied by quality fresh butter. Crudites were serves in a chilled mug filled with ice...imagine a Bloody Mary, with no vodka or tomato juice. The vegetables were good quality but the actual process of eating them was somewhat fussy due to the presentation. We also had to ask for some dressing to dip them in. My salad was a large and fresh portion with excellent warm bacon dressing. It was very good. However, my mother's French onion soup was so sweet as to be inedible. Despite the good crouton, good cheese and generous onions, the broth was downright sugary and she was not interested in finishing it. To be honest, two sips of the broth was all it took for me to write it off. It was not good and I would not order this.Her main was the rack of lamb and mine the 20 oz. bone in tenderloin. She gave me a bite of her lamb and it was out-of-this-world excellent; just absolute perfection on every level. Every aspect from the meat to the sauce to the presentation was great. My tenderloin was one of the richest steaks I've had and was cooked precisely on the rare side of medium-rare, as I requested. Whoever is running the grill back there is top notch as they nailed both the lamb and the huge tenderloin in doneness we requested precisely. Great job!Hash browns were tasty and large enough for me to share with her. The asparagus stalks were quite fat which worried me initially, but each onewas cooked well and of high quality without any woody texture or stringy-ness. Quite nice!We were far too stuffed for dessert and even if we weren't, the dessert menu was heavy and fair at best. Service was pleasant, attentive, and unintrusive. It was refreshing to be at a steakhouse with both male and female servers; I think it's interesting that I didn't really notice or think of that until typing this review. I wonder why other places don't follow suit?Tornado was a good experience. I plan to return and sample some other items; it's not often you see rabbit on a menu and there is a wide variety of promising dishes on the spread. Recommended without hesitation.
4	We went here for cocktails on a Thursday. Bar ambiance was awesome - old school decor, tunes, and drinks. Excellent. Back the following night for dinner ...bread top notch, glass of veggies -very good and unique...I tried the special filet ordered medium rare....I could not cut through it - I thought maybe too raw - sent back/ came back hotter but same bloody -tough cut....disappointing. I can't eat anything I can chew through. The salad - wedge - was excellent and HUGE. Sides were very good hash browns and mashed carrots compote. BF had walleye - excellent. Service was excellent - we were seated in a small room in between the dining room and bar which was fine with us - quiet and intimate..... Until a party of 10 college kids were seated next to us but we were done anyway. Overall very good - I was just unlucky with my filet.....:( Also even though I didn't finish 1/2 of my steak we were both over full. Portions are very large.
5	Just save up $200 and try it. You won't be dissapointed. Best steak in town (shut up Smokeys fans)Try the signature bone in fillet. Try not to eat too much of the bread and butter. I suggest a wedge salad, don't eat too much. Split a Coquille St. Jaques if you can. Servers were previously man-hater, pretentious stuck-up blonds with black rimmed glasses. This has been fixed. I heard they have a new chef who made a few tweaks. It is still outstanding. Please bring back the cashew caramel tart.
5	I went to the Tornado room about a year ago and postponed writing a review for a while.  By the time I was set to finally review this joint I felt that I wouldn't be able to write a worthy review until I went back; so I did. I have to say that I do not know why it has taken me such a long time to go back because this place is phenomenal!I made reservations which I think is something that is required if you are having dinner.  We got there a few minutes early so we had a drink at the bar.  I liked the vibe, nice and dark, great music but I wish it were a bit larger.   I found myself bumping into people and constantly getting tapped so someone could walk by.  I ordered the key lime gimlet which the man said used to be called to key lime martini and I was so happy with my choice!   When our table was ready the host found us and said that the bar tab could be transferred to our table; I thought this was a nice touch. Our waiter was very nice, read the specials and was very patient while answering the questions that we had regarding some of  the menu options.  We decided on the Rockefeller oysters which is a broiled oyster with spinach, bread crumbs, cheese and what appeared to be bacon bits to start.  The man loved it; I thought it was a bit on the salty side however.  While seated the waiter also brought bread and crudites that were gobbled up before our meal arrived.  I ordered the 8 oz filet with brussel sprouts and potato leek soup.  My steak, I will say, was the best steak I have ever had.  As I type that I know it sounds a bit dramatic but I know in my heart that it is true.  It was perfectly cooked medium rare and very tender.  The soup was great as well.  My guest ordered the venison which he just could not stop raving about!  We tried each other dishes and argued about whose was better.  I still contend that mine was the best.  We ended our dinner with the cheesecake which, just like everything else that night, was amazing.  The waiter mentioned how all the desserts were cooked in house as well.  When the bill came it was as I thought it would be so no surprises there.  I don't know if we would be going to this place as often because it is a little on the pricier side but you definitely get your money's worth.  The Tornado Room has easily become my favorite steakhouse in the area.
5	$30 corking fee for BYO is too much.
3	Had escargot for the first time .. Interesting not sure ill ever try that again but the salmon was good
5	Two weeks ago went in late on a Wednesday entertaining some friends from Paris.  From the host who greeted us to the server to the kitchen helping a few vegetarians, everything was wonderful.  Thanks Tornado!
5	Really good late-night menu. I went last night and got the salmon sandwich on greens because I am gluten-intolerant. They gladly accommodated me! I love the ambiance here too. Definitely hit up the Tornado Room if you are looking for an intimate vibe and great food.
2	late night servers were really unprofessional. I mean who carries a martini to a table IN THEIR PALM!? The burger I ordered Medium, came out bright purple and cold inside, I didn't eat it, but the server didn't have the power to take it off my meal... this review was from jan 2012... maybe things have gotten better
4	The main reason I go to Tornado is for their frog legs. Incredible. The entrees and the rest is fine, I'm sure, but I really have trouble seeing beyond the perfection of those magic frog legs.
2	Not sure what the fuss is about this place.  Very loud, could hardly converse with my dinning partner.  Service was quite slow and I don't need 15 minutes to read the menu and decide what I want.For $28 I've had better steak at Outback.  Nothing to write home about, had a big slice of grizzle going through the middle and wasn't particulary flavorful.  Wife had a tenderloin for a couple bucks less and it was OK.  OK for me means about $15 not $25 (plus you don't have to pay for the potato).I'll go elsewhere.  This place must live on reputation and sales accounts.
1	Terrible service at a recent visit.  It was a Monday around 7ish and my co-worker and I walked in to this place.  We didn't have a reservation as we just flew in to town.  But we saw all the empty tables so we thought were good.  Asked the hostess for a table for 2.  She said the wait time will be about 30 minutes.  And we're like OK no problem.  Then we saw the empty tables outside as well.  So I asked her again if the wait time is still 30 minutes if we are to sit outside?  Surprisingly she still said yes.  So we're out there sitting and after about 30 minutes she comes out and asks "oh did you want to just eat out here?".  And we're like - uhmmm yeah???  Unless I was speaking Martian, I swear I remember telling her that some 30 mins earlier.  I decided to skip the steak and instead got the salmon.  My buddy got the steak.  He said the steak was disappointingly dry.  The salmon I had was too greasy.  Very lousy food.  In my opinion I can maybe cut them some slack on the lousy food if their service wasn't terrible.  Why the F would they let us sit outside for 30 mins with 10s of empty tables?  Is it because we're too casual for their "crowd"?  Maybe because were not wearing suits?  Or maybe they just don't give a F*** about people who just walk in without a reservation?  This used to be a must-stop for me whenever I go to Madison.  This is now on my must-avoid and do-not-recommend list.
5	I went here with my girlfriend for a nice date on a Friday night. It's interesting because it looks like a little saloon outside, but the inside was fancier than we expected.We started out with drinks. I ordered a Whiskey Tango Foxtrot and was not impressed. My girlfriend ordered a Grotto Gris, and she enjoyed hers a lot.For dinner, I ordered the Filet Au Poivre, which was awesome. The steak was really tender, and the sauce was also tasty. It was a bit bigger than I expected (awesome), and medium rare was about perfect.My girlfriend ordered the venison and loved this dish as well. It was tender and the sauce was rich, but she couldn't get enough. Whatever vegetable was with it was really delicious (it was some sort of leafy green). Overall, it was a great meal, expensive but good.
5	I love that this place has late night eats. It's pretty much like a reverse happy hour, but for food. From 10pm to 1am in their bar and lounge area, you can get specially priced goodies like a steak sandwich for $8. Their bar area is really nice for a late night date. The lighting is dim and sexy. You will find yourself making out with someone like this one couple we saw. The sexy food and sexy lighting will guarantee that you can't keep your hands off each other.
4	Great supper club dining experience. I suggest reservations even in a weekday. Their cocktails are overall very good. If normal dinner is out of your range, I suggest their late night menu which had their steaks at an more affordable price. Their onion rings are also amazing.
5	Fun little place to visit as when you walk in you take a quick time warp back to the1970's.When you finally get to your table after enjoying your drinks at the bar,  you take a time machine back to the future to enjoy cutting edge fine dining.
4	Flawless is the word that comes to mind when thinking of the late-night menu. After a weekend of imbibing for my birthday, I stopped in here late one Saturday night to consume some good ol' fashioned hunks of meat to (hopefully) combat the amounts of liquor I had previously consumed earlier in the day. I had the bacon blue burger and man friend had the smoked muenster burger.I don't remember the last time I had a burger done as well as the one I had that night at the corral room. It was perfectly seared on the outside, and pink and juicy in the center. We also split the cheese curds which were also executed perfectly.The James Madison I had to accompany my burger was not half bad either, in fact, it was one of the best cocktails I have had in a long time. The ratio of gin to the honey liquor was spot on.Will I be back? You betcha. No where else in Madison has a late night menu as versatile as theirs.I do have one complaint; the bathroom. It's not easy to navigate down a dark hallway, and an even darker bathroom after drinking that James Madison and wearing heels.
4	Loved the old feel of this place, and it maintained a classy vibe. We had oysters, escargot, the wedge salad, tomato bisque, I had the walleye, and my husband had the rabbit. It was all delish! The portions were very nice too for a classy joint ;). I would love to go back and hang in the lounge/bar area.
5	My friend suggested this supper club as a "taste of Madison" for my first visit to the city/state. We had the BEST meal there. Our server was great, we did not have to wait for a table (sometimes even though I've made a reservation I still have to wait) and the food was AMAZING. We had the scallop appetizer which was the best scallop dish I've ever had.  Our wonderful server recommended eating the greens that we thought were just decoration/garnish.  It was delicious! Then we shared the lamb and the prime rib.  Huge portions.  We were able to share and take some home. The lamb came encrusted with a horseradish/wasabi and a sweet red wine sauce. The rib-eye was traditional, but cooked exceptionally well. I also recommend the Brandy Old Fashioned.
5	December?December!That's the last time I took it to the keys to pound out some prose for these guys? Don't ask me why it's taken so long to update my lower level review about the basement which I sort of abstain from now. Don't ask me why it's taken so long to give high praise for the upstairs. And don't ask me how many weekends are spent in low lighting eating one of my favorite steaks on the capital. Their late night (after 10pm) menu is beyond compare. It only has a handful of options but each is incredible. The steak has been and will forever be my jam. At $13 it's a steal, and throw an onion ring the size of my head on top and it's even better! They also have a pretty extensive cocktail situation and I know they'll make you anything you want off the menu. It seems like they might be switching out some wines, because there were some new pages this week when I eyed them over. Staff behind the bar during the week and on weekends is top notch; attentive, conversational, prompt! It's a little tricky to sit in the small booths with more than one other person, but honestly part of the fun is figuring out how you're going to cram two steaks, a basket of fries, cheese curds and two cocktails on a surface the size of a Nilla wafer.
5	ClassicKitchySupper ClubWisconsin.That about says it all and I didn't even need to mention the food, but I will. I was presented with the most glorious 20 oz hunk of Ribeye I had ever seen. It was still sizzling on a hot aluminum plate that added much to the presentation and greatly to my enjoyment! Most have already mentioned the retro menu: Oysters Rockefeller, Shrimp Cocktail, Creamed Spinach... Wow. We ate there a week ago and my head is still spinning. Great service, great cocktails (Brandy Old Fashioned - sweet, of course) and an overall great experience. Everyone one in the room had full bellies and big smiles. I may have giggled for an hour after wards.
5	The Tornado room is the best place to be taken on a date. I say taken because when you enter this steakhouse it feels respectably like you are slipping into another decade. I'm not sure which, but you could pick your favorite. You could be like my friend who loves odd decades and image your way into the 50s. Or do a throw back and pretend you are doing the prohibition dive bar thing. You pick.Which of course means ladies didn't go on dates. They get taken.The bar is dark and supercool. The cocktails are swanky-feeling. Maybe think in your head of a cooler word than swanky, becuase I don't think that's a cool word any more but these cocktails are cool.The tables are warm dark and intimate booths. Candles. Perfect. The food is so good. Mmm, many meats. Dessert - usually a product that half way through I find myself wondering, "Why did I order another thing? This doesn't fit inside me?" - but not at Tornado. At Tornado I ate it all and loved every bit.
4	They have great steaks here.  The steaks are about two inches thick and were perfectly cooked.  The sides were also amazing.  Portions are more than generous.  Prices are a bit high, so expect to pay about $150 for two people to eat here (including beverages), so this place will be a splurge for most people.  Good atmosphere for going on a date - don't recommend bringing children.  Will definitely return for special occasions.
5	My husband & I have eaten here for special evenings. Best steaks in Madison and fabulous service.
5	Probably the 15th time I have been here since 1998. One of my favorite restaurants in the US. Roquefort salad is amazing. Bread was great. Crab legs amazing. Filet au poivre so good. Hashbrowns yummy and carrot cake SOOO good. The atmosphere is the coolest - dark wood with music from the 40' and 50's playing. I even love the thick cocktail glasses they use. If you are thinking of eating in Madtown and like steak I would not miss going here. Every time I am in town I make sure I eat here. Forgot to mention they have a super cool bar too!
4	Dark wood, dim lighting, and Old Fashioneds all around! We stopped in late on a Saturday to get our steak fix on and had a great meal here at Tornado Steak House. My husband and I split the GIANT 28 oz. on the bone Ribeye and let me tell you, this thing is huge. Loved the traditional iceberg wedge that came with the meal as well as the hash browns and giant onion ring on top of the steak, but the steak itself was honestly a little lacking. It just wasn't all that flavorful or tender which was a bit of a bummer. But...our friends that live in Madison swear by this ribeye...maybe it was just the fact that we came in later in the evening and they just wanted to get people out of there...who knows. The atmosphere was really cool and we still walked out completely stuffed so I can't be too upset. When we return to Madison I would definitely give Tornado another go.
5	Hands down the best place for steak in Madison.  It has a dark but casual feel to it. The service has always been amazing when I've gone and the food is wonderful. The steak is so tender you could cut it with a fork and it's never been under/over cooked for me (which is difficult because I like my steak exactly medium). It's a little pricey but it's quickly becoming my "go to" special occasion place.
1	Simply overrated! Money well spent somewhere else! Ordered a T bone steak medium rare but got it well done. Very expensive for the quality of the food.
4	One of the best places in Madison for late night food and drinks. I don't usually order something as heavy as a steak sandwich, but if someone else at your table orders one, you will regret not doing the same. Fried cheese curds - what's there to improve upon - but I swear Tornado's is the best. The old-timey jukebox in the basement worked the last time I was there, and takes coins. I think it fits the decor better than a giant LCD jukebox would. Late night jams and metabolism-ruining consumption, what more can you ask for?
5	The Tornado Room is Madison's flagship steakhouse. Great wooden paneling decor and candle lit tables gives it a 1920's feel. However, the ambiance is just the icing on the cake compared to the quality of the food and service. From birthday celebrations to anniversaries, our family has been going here for years. It is by far and away my favorite place to eat.
4	This is what a supper club/steak house should be. I always get the bone-in ribeye or the bone-in tenderloin depending on how hungry I am. Both are enough to satisfy you and leave you with leftovers. You must get the hash browns and French onion soup for your sides. Tornado Lounge is a must for any Madison visitor or resident. The late night menu is an extra bonus for a small city that lacks dining options after 10PM. I hold out on a fifth star for the drink menu and options. Get a world-class mixologist to spruce up the cocktail menu to get more critical acclaim!
2	I've been to the Tornado a few times and have always sat in the bar area. My friend and I headed over to the Tornado after having a drink at the Opus, and were shocked to find the place completely packed at 10:30pm on a Wednesday night - like so packed we had to wait to grab a spot in the bar.Once we had our spot, a waitress came by with the infamous late night food menu, along with a drinks list. I ordered a beer; my friend ordered a mixed drink. We put-in for an order of cheese curds & steak fries and then browsed the rest of the menu.It took quite a while for the drinks to arrive; I wasn't timing it, but my gut feel put the wait at around 15-20 minutes. When she returned with the drinks, we asked about placing a food order, to which the server responded, "Let's hold off until your curds arrive, and then you can place the order." Seemed odd, but it wasn't a big deal.The curds arrived and they were a mess. Literally. They had been completely overcooked, so all of the cheese had exploded out of the breading. The breading was super greasy, to boot. Definitely not worth eating, although we did peck at them a bit. The fries were better, but extremely salty.After we commented about the exploded curds, the server said, "I can refire them, but you're looking at 20-25 minutes for new ones." Ugh. So, we ordered food... mistake #3.We ordered the "Bacon Bleu Cheese Burger" and decided to split it. The server explained that the "bleu cheese" wasn't really cheese - that it was a dressing that they mixed with A1 sauce. Based on that bit of intel, we decided to skip it. I've heard *tons* of rave reviews about the late night menu here, so I was really hoping the burger would salvage this visit.After 40-odd minutes, the burger arrived. We cut it in half, and took a bite. Thoughts?Bun: Far too dense, far too dry, zero complimentary flavor.Burger: Way over-cooked. We asked for medium-rare; it came out beyond well done. Like dark, dark grey in the middle. The burger was also so heavily salted, that it was all we could taste.Bacon: How can you mess up bacon? It was good.The entire burger was so dry that not even a healty slathering of ketchup could save it. Miserable failure. I'm not sure who was cooking on that night, but they certainly loved to overcook and oversalt everything. I've never left an unfinished order of curds or a burger behind... until last night.Our little visit cost $50 with tip... ridiculous. I think this was my last visit to Tornado, and I'll be scratching my head for quite some time about the "incredible" late night menu raves... Oh, and by the time we left, it was nearly 1:00am - it took us just under 3.5 hours to get 2 drinks, an appetizer, and a burger. Yikes!
3	9/22/13 My wife and I stopped in to the Tornado Steak House for a late dinner.  They have a half chicken with stuffing, mashed potatoes, and green bean special every  Sunday.  That's what I ordered.  It was wonderful.  My wife had the duck.  It's one of her favorite dishes when visiting.   I'm giving them 3 stars because of consistency issues.  Sometimes I love the food and other times not so much.  Last night was a good night!  Regarding service our waiter was eccentric at best.  That's all I'm going to say about that.
5	The food was so good that I don't want to brush my teeth for a month at the off chance a fleck of meat might drop on my tongue
2	Was told good things about this restaurant so we decided to try it while we were in town. The atmosphere was good. Service was good too. The food though was not good. I ordered the lamb chops and my friend ordered the filet. The lamb chops were okay. It's not that they didn't cook them well, it's just that the preparation was bad. The sauce that they came out in overpowered the meat. Each bite was a bit harder then the last. My friend said the steak had no flavor and was tough. With a good filet, you should be able to cut it with a fork. She said she needed to put effort in with the knife. Overall everything was okay. Why I give this restaurant a low review is because for how much everything costs we should have been amazed by the food. We were not. If you're in town looking for a good steak, look elsewhere.
5	Ok, So I went here for the first time the other night for actually the late night menu and to be honest I NEVER write reviews based on one visit.... but people... OH DEAR GOD. Let me paint you a word picture people. You walk into this little hole-in-the-wall type place by being drawn like a moth to a light with a HUGE white awning from the street. You pass some quaint outdoor seating and enter into a somewhat confusing maze to find some of the main seating and the bar. Rich wood surrounding you as it melts you into relaxation before you even reach the bar at the back of the establishment. You explore this tightly packed place by walking down some stairs to another bar, which I am going to call "the speak easy" with white lounge seating in an intimate space that exudes class. Candles lit and people chatting.Coming back upstairs, My buddy and I had some cocktails and steak sandwiches in what I call the "Middle Al Capone room" The reason I say that is because I imagine Al Capone sitting in the corner of this all wood room underneath the small little wall lamps with a stogie and a cognac relaxing after a hard day of moonshine running... Soothing lighting throughout with small intimate booths with some close friends. This is it... Probably going to be my new favorite place....
1	I am from California & this is the worst steak house. I will compared this to Sizzler Restaurant.
5	Make reservations because this place gets packed. However my boyfriend and I were able to get a seated by the romantic cozy tables by the bar that doesn't need reservations. Food was amazing and the wine is mMmm!!! Will definitely come back again!
3	I was a little confused when I walked in the bar side and didn't know where to go and no one greeted us.  I loved the history of the building, but the bar stools are uncomfortably low and I am 6'4.  The bar staff must not be used to taking orders because they had to ask 4 times what we ordered.  That stuff doesn't really bother me, I just noticed it, what really matters to me is the steak!  I ordered the bone in ribeye and it was good, no complaints.  I'm not a fan of the house cut because it is so thick it's hard to cook it consistently.  I'm a fan, but didn't knock my sox off.
5	The bartender says it has been open since 1996!  Did not know about this place until about 3 years ago and finally got the chance to go today.  This has an old 1960's typical Wisconsin supper club feel.  We had prime rib with yorkshire pudding  and filet au poivre.  These steaks are well presented, perfectly done and taste wonderful!  Our server knew her menu items well.  The fresh baked bread and butter was melt in your mouth.  The wine and cocktail selection is extensive. Compliments to Tornado!
4	The last night menu here is great! (10pm to 1 am) A lot of places around the capitol close their kitchens earlier in the night. But if you find yourself hungry around midnight definitely head here. A recommendation to this place did not leave me astray. Had the smoked muenster burger and it is definitely the best burger I've had in Madison so far.I have heard their steaks are also great. So I will have to come again to have a proper dinner. Their appearance on the outside is very assuming, almost maybe like a dive joint. The interior is spacious however and the downstairs is very cozy.
5	Hands down - best steakhouse in Madison. Can't beat the food, service or location
4	I had not been to Tornado in over a decade because my first experience there was that it was one of the most overrated restaurants I had ever been to. Recently a friend of mine told me to give it another shot. So my wife and I did just that. Wow. Fantastic. Fantastic food and fantastic service. I had the scallop appetizer, bleu cheese salad, hash browns and a medium-rare sirloin. Everything was great. The sirloin was out of this world good. Sooooooo looking forward to going back. The only reason I did not give it five stars is because the Friday night perch fish fry that my wife ordered was awful. Soggy, fishy fish. Really nasty. After trying a bite I believe I'd rather get the fish at Culver's. LOL. No kidding! That being said, we will go back and this time my wife knows to order a steak.
5	Went here for my boyfriend's birthday, and I think it's safe to say we'll never outdo this one. First of all, my James Madison martini was so good, I had to take a picture of the description to see if I could replicate it at home. Secondly, the mushroom soup that they had as soup du jour was delicious and full of whole button mushrooms. And last but not least, the birthday boy ordered the steak au poivre, and said it is the most delicious thing he can ever remember eating. We may just have to come here for all of his birthdays.
5	WOW....can I just say we picked this restaurant for our anniversary while staying up in Madison.  The idea of an old supper club atmosphere sparked my interest and steak of course it our favorite.  We loved the selection of steaks and cuts,  the unique vegetable arrangement in a glass of ice was a refreshing and light start to our experience.The drinks were very well prepared...my husband is a dirty martini connoisseur and was not disappointed.  The gin martini I had was unique and I don't remember the name but, have never had any thing like it...yum.Dinner was truly amazing, flavorful and gave us both "food coma".  The shrimp cocktail was like no other...large and firm shrimp...great cocktail sauce!Steak dishes we huge, flavorful and tasty.The service was very nice...the waitress we had was a little over worked between our table and a few other bigger parties but, she had plenty of help getting water for us and anything we needed.WE WILL be back....great meal and atmosphere!
1	This was my favorite place to bring friends and family for late night drinks and the delicious streak sandwich. So why a one star rating? On a visit last night, after one drink, my son was carded. Which is fine. The problem is that my son is a bar owner in Puerto Rico, a U.S. territory. But the server and others at the Tornado evidently are unaware of this basic geographical fact. They believed that a Puerto Rican state I.D. was false. There are many layers of stupidity involved here. But it's a very pathetic level of ignorance for a bar to not recognize "foreign" identification.  When it was pointed out to the manager by an attorney in this group that the manager was racist, the manager called the entire group of seven "assholes". There's more but it's for a civil suit to decide.In conclusion, if you're lily white and have a state I.D. from Wisconsin, you're ok. But if you're "foreign" or have darker skin....stay away. At least until the group protests are organized.
3	Went here with some co-workers during a convention.  The service was a little off, but the place was crowded with convention goers, so they may have not been staffed to handle all of us.  Everyone's order came out just right even with all the attendees there.
5	I love everything about the Tornado Room. Everything about this place is a throwback to a bygone era, from the wood-paneled walls, low ceilings, and and dim lighting, to the simple menu, complementary garnishes, and delicious cocktails. Even their late-night steak sandwiches are fantastic. If you're looking to get your socks knocked off with a gastronomic experience, go elsewhere. The Tornado is about standard steaks, chops, and fish prepared the old fashioned way, with standard sides like baked potatoes, hashbrowns, and thick-cut vegetables. It's rare at a steakhouse for the sides to be included in the protein prices, but they are at Tornado, which I believe makes this place an extra good value. Order an old fashioned or some recommended wine to wash your meal down, and enjoy every second of the classic fine dining experience. This is not the kind of place you'll have the pleasure of walking into every day.
5	I love this place so much. I remember when I first moved here I would walk by it all the time and pay it no mind. From the outside it always seemed a bit like a dive. How wrong I was! For my second visit it was also during the hours where they have their late night menu. You can get an 8 oz sirloin for 13 bucks which is what I had my heart set on. It got me through the work week knowing that on Friday night I would be having an amazing steak. It's a great deal considering during normal hours their steaks will average 20 to 40 dollars. Fried cheese curds were shared among the table. A friend thought they might actually be better than the old fashioned's cheese curds! The French onion soup I had for an appetizer. It was good but not something I would order again. Both times I've eaten downstairs and the ambiance is wonderful. Cozy, intimate, fun tunes, and great friendly waiting staff.
5	What a fun evening. Thanks Bob, Theresa, Dale...and everyone at Tornado Steak House and Corral Room Bar. With so many dining choices in Madison, we were directed to the Tornado Steak House by Wisconsin Supper Clubs by Ron Faiola. Another great suggestion Ron. Owner Henry D has captured the traditional Wisconsin supper club experience with some flair at Tornado Steak House. Relish tray served "vertical" - check. Round "vegas styled" booths for intimate service in the bar - check. Perfectly mulled Brandy Old Fashioned - check. Tornado Steak House is located in the former Crandalls, and named for the infamous Spring and Summer Wisconsin storms that equally capture the attention of locals. Starting with an email and a message/ Facebook - Bob the GM was efficient, communicative and very responsive, working diligently to squeeze us in for a Saturday evening reservation - viola - a cancellation and Bob was quick to accommodate us. We arrived early and sat in the cozy circular booths - graciously welcomed with a Jack and Coke , Brandy and Southern Comfort Old Fashioned(s) - perfectly mulled and served in heavy cocktail tumblers - "old school" - also a couple of Karben 4, Nightcall Porter(s) - served cold and quickly with attention to detail. Appetizers of Escargot and Coquille Saint Jacques - perfectly prepared, the sea scallops are poached in white wine and served with Wisconsin cream - excellent. For dinner, three of us enjoyed the Saturday special cuts of house prepared Prime Rib and the fourth enjoyed a deliciously prepared fillet of Walleye. Dinners were served with a choice of salad - wedge w/ roquefort dressing, mixed greens and vinaigrette, or tossed spinach w/ hot bacon dressing. I had the wedge and thought it was served perfectly chilled with just the proper amount of roquefort and french - tasty. Salads were preceded by the "vertical" relish offering and although our bread tray was forgotten, it was quickly retrieved when we inquired. Entree's were served with the Tornado Steak House famously delicious hash browns - and Yorkshire pudding - correctly executed in their preparation and served next to the nicely seasoned prime. If you are grading supper clubs on location, ambiance, hospitality, service, charisma, food, presentation, "x-factor", and value - I believe you'll find Tornado Steak house will score very high on your scorecard - I know it did on ours. Thanks Tornado Steak house for creating an authentic Wisconsin Supper Club experience that we thoroughly enjoyed. Stop by and visit Tornado Steak House soon, I'll think you'll enjoy the experience as much as we did.
1	My partner and I were super excited about coming here for our anniversary. It was our first time at Tornado, and we had a solid chunk of change burning a hole in our pocket. We were ready for the whole shebang: cocktails, appetizers, steaks from grass-fed local cows, etc.We got none of these things. Instead, we got a rude host who gave away the table we had reserved to another couple -- as we stood by and watched. Then he ignored us while we waited near the host station for another table. We were finally seated and then promptly ignored by the waitress, to the point where we had eaten most of the bread plate and still had not even met her. We began talking about leaving, but when she came up and took our drink order we calmed down.Then we sat. And sat some more. And a little more. And then we decided this was not how we wanted to spend our anniversary. So we left, passing the very surprised waitress on the way out.So I can't comment on the food. But I will say the service is terrible, considering this place charges $40 per entree -- which we would have been happy to pay if someone had actually made us feel like our presence was appreciated.
5	I love the Tornado Room!! I have been to both the restaurant and the lounge late night. The restaurant is amazing. On the outside, it looked like a dark diner. On the inside, it looked like an old steak house with the wood paneling and dim lighting on tables. I had the wedge salad and rack of lamb. Both were very good. I've gone to the lounge several times and never been disappointed. If you go after 10pm there is a late night menu with delicious food and really lovely- read low- prices. While I've eaten several things off the late night menu the one that sticks out in my mind is the french onion soup. I would recommend it- it's perfect for a cold Wisconsin winter night. The cocktails are great as well as the ambiance- I know I loved being able to slide into a curved booth for a more quiet night of drinks with friends.
5	This place is insane. The atmosphere, the food, the service! Are all off the charts great. I went there for the ribeye but got there after they shut the dinner menu down. I had to settle for the New York strip. But lo and behold when all the food came out there was my ribeye steak cooked to perfection. I guess my begging the waitress paid off. I also got a shrimp cocktail was holy hell huge good. And only 12 bucks. And I can't forget the lettuce wedge that was the best I've ever had.  I would come back to Wisconsin just to go to this place. I did not eat the fries or the giant onion ring. But I gave it to the people that were with me and they said they were amazing. One of my new favorite places on the planet. By the way this all took place after 12 AM on a Friday night. Incredible
1	I had been looking forward to trying this steak house for a year; however, I won't be returning.  First, we were seated at a 2 top table near the entry of the room.  No table should be placed here, so servers and diners kept nearly running us over.  It made for many disruptions.  The really upsetting factor was the service.  We waited for 20 minutes to receive our beverages.  We waited another 20 minutes to receive the soup course.  The same occurred with the entrees.  There were never apologies from the server.  My husband and I ordered the filets prepared medium.  Mine was well done, and his was medium - well to well done.  Since I had learned they moved so slowly there, I just forced it down.  It was very tough.  I also had an order of steak fries.  I'm convinced they were the pre-frozen Ore-Ida kind.  They were burnt and had absolutely no seasoning, not even salt.  I have digestive issues, so they would have been hard for me to digest.  I explained this to the server and asked for a batch that wasn't quite over-cooked.  She came back 20 minutes later with an identical set and said that if they cooked them any less the would be too cold in the middle.  This reinforced my belief they were frozen.  I make steak fries at home all the time, and you can do so without making them burnt to a crisp if they are actually fresh cut.  With the price of the meal, they should use fresh-cut fries.  My husband isn't picky at all, but even he said there was no point in wasting the calories to eat them because they were bland and too hard.When the check arrived I was shocked she had charged me for the steak fries, even after I communicated I probably wouldn't be able to eat the new batch either.  Also, I had ordered lemonade and realized that for my  2 lemonades ( I ordered a refill), I was charged $2 per lemonade.  I was never told there was not a free refill.  Also, the small glass was 90% ice each time.  My husband was also charged a $1.50 up charge for ordering french onion soup even though the menu said that all entrees come with  "choice of soup or salad & vegetable."  When he pointed this out, the server did take it off the bill for us, but confirmed they do charge an up-charge.  She didn't explain why that wasn't on the menu.We will not be returning.  We get much better service at Flemings for the same price.  I had high expectations for this old time supper club that is locally owned, but I was sadly disappointed.  It put a damper on our Valentine's Day celebration...
1	Not sure why the hotel recommended this loud crowded firetrap.
4	My first experience at Tornado was quite good.My date and I hadn't made a reservation, and when we talked to the host he said there was a 1.5 hour wait, but if a table in the bar was open, we could grab it. Sounded good to us, since there was an open one!Bar tables are REALLY limited on leg room and actual surface area on the table, but we made it work. You could probably fit six people on the booths, but there might be enough room for half of their legs and 1.5 entrees on the table.That being said, they make a pretty decent brandy old fashioned. My date ordered *cringe* a can of PBR, which he said was warm. I was pretty sure that's how most people drink that particular beverage anyway...My date REALLY wanted the frog legs and tried to convince the waitress I'd eat some too. Having had certain experiences with frogs in my life, I did not try them, but they actually smelled garlicky and delicious. They arrived breaded, fried, and nested on a sort of sweet and sour sauce. He devoured the whole plate, I watched in fascination.The server brought us some warm, dilly bread, which was quite tasty. We stashed it on the booth seat next to us for lack of table space.Then... The entrees... My beau ordered the rabbit (clearly a fan of jumping foods) which felt sort of small in portion size. Still, it was deliciously breaded and pan fried. Cooked perfectly and nicely tender. My steak arrived sizzling on a metal plate with a giant onion ring on top. It was perfectly cooked and well-seasoned. The hash browns on the side were also pretty good, though not he best I've had at a steakhouse. Pretty sure  they are freshly made though. I'll definitely go back, but I'd like to sit at a real table. I guess that means that next time, I'll make a reservation!
4	Really enjoyed my late night dinner at Tornado Room. I appreciated the cozy feel that this place provided. The dimmed lights and private booths really made the experience memorable. My friend and I ordered off the late night menu and we both had the sirloin steak (medium rare). She practically inhaled her steak, but mine had a few bites that were really difficult to chew. I probably just got a bad steak? It's okay, I still enjoyed the bites that I was able to chew! I also ordered a Moscow Mule and I was a little bummed that it did not come in the traditional copper cup. Overall, entrees were good but the highlight of our meal was definitely the dessert. We shared the pineapple upside down cake. My first bite of the cake basically whisked me away to heaven. I couldn't believe how delicious this dessert was. A warm, buttery, spongy. perfection. It also came with vanilla ice cream. Delicious!!!!! I really recommend that you save room for this dessert.
5	I am very very picky about my steaks, I'm a meat cutter and know the best. And Tornado Room is the best steaks in town. Period. Always cooked perfectly, staff is amazing, and the old school atmosphere makes you feel like your time warped to the fifties. Oh and great cocktails and wine list!!
2	I concur with Matt M. about this restaurant.  Read good things about it and wanted to like it but the food was just not good. Soup was bland. Baked potato was almost cold, hard & chunky when it should be fluffy, hot & fall apart easily.  The filet..sigh..I was so looking forward to a melt in your mouth, perfectly cooked steak from a high end steak house. It might have been melt in your mouth if the cook (I won't say chef since everything but the bread and uncooked shrimp cocktail were poorly done.) could have gotten the tempature right. I felt awful but had to send it back twice and just gave up after the second time. The tempature isn't just the literal temperature but the texture INSIDE the the steak as well. Medium rare shouldn't look and feel like a semi raw muscle but be cooked all the way through to a bright reddish pink where you cut into it and it's so juicy it bleeds.  This was still looking and feeling like muscle.  A real shame since it felt like it would have been tender if prepared properly to my tastes.On the plus side, my server was excellent.  She was attentive and apologetic when the steak wasn't working out.  Took the steak off my bill and offered desert.Although now that i think of it, nowadays most restaurants have their manager come around even when everything is going well.  So very disappointing that no one other than my server checked on me.  Especially with an issue.Overall just a disappointing experience when I WANTED to be able to like it so much.  The stars it gets are because of my server.
5	I eat a lot of steak at a lot of places and this was easily the best steak I've ever had. It was cooked perfectly, had great flavor (without any garnish), and was a great amount of food. The service was also very quick, professional, and upbeat. Definitely my favorite steak place thus far.
5	If international conflict were determined by 1950's cocktails, I'm pretty sure Tornado's Old Fashioned could create world peace. Muddled cherries, perfect bittered tartness, and brandy, because we're in Wisconsin, dammit!Check out the late night menu, because you aren't going to be stuffing your face from 10pm-1am with this much class anywhere else.
3	Was quite disappointed in Tornado Steak House.  I always heard good things about Tornado so we decided to give it a try.  I was disappointed in the food--it was quite bland and tasted like any ol' steak and was just so-so. Nothing spectacular, nothing blew us away, except for the price.  If I am paying this much, then I want my food to be at least decent and this meal fell far below being decent.  There also seems to be quite a sketchy crowd that gathers out the front door smoking and carrying on...Not the best for business...
4	We came, we ate steak, we left happy. There's not much more to say about a steakhouse with little pretense. I ordered the 28-oz bone-in ribeye, while others in my party tried the rack of lamb and the 21-oz T-Bone. The rack of lamb was particularly delicious because of the sauce, while the steaks were mostly good.One note that kept this steakhouse from 5-stars though:There's a fine-line between a generous cut of steak and a cut that's too large to be flavorful. The 28-oz bone-in ribeye here probably errs on the wrong side of that line. While it's generously salted on both sides and seared nearly perfectly, there's hardly any flavor in the pink center. The result was a spectrum of bites from over to under seasoned.Because of that one issue, I'd say my experience at Wonder Bar was better.
4	Finally made it to late night!! So good! Ordered the sirloin, steak sandwich, onion rings, iceberg salad. All sooooo goood. Even better than expected... wasn't even starving. and that's saying a lot from me. Also got a bottle of red wine. Reasonably priced yummy malbec. :) my fave is the steak sandwich.
1	My friends and I decided to go out on this fabulous Tuesday night to celebrate a friend's accomplishment. My friend had just passed one of the biggest tests of his career, where better to celebrate than Late Night Menu at the Tornado Room!  My group of SIX walked in only to be greeted by one of the rudest servers I have ever encountered!  We asked for a table for six and instantly he gave us attitude stating it was not their policy to sit six at a table, and we would have to be seated separately.  My friend who was celebrating asked if there was anyway possible to sit together at the booth. The server named Paul snapped back, "what do you want me to do?" For some reason we decided to stay and took our seats.  It took about 5-7 minutes for him to even come drop off menus to our table and when he did he tossed one menu at the table and walked away. I was appalled.  We attempted to call him back before he walked away to ask for drinks and he said, "First come, first serve." We had not even gotten waters and only got 1 menu thrown at us at this point.  We then decided we were going to leave and Paul angrily yelled at us, "Good I wasn't going to serve you anyway!". The people sitting at the table across from us literally stopped me to tell me that they come there all the time and Paul is always a very rude server.  Now, in my group of six there were 3 servers from Madison's, another bar on the capitol loop, and 1 server from Brickhouse BBQ all ready and willing to tip at least 25-30% considering we know how hard the service industry can be sometimes. After this I don't know if I will ever return to the Tornado Room. I was so excited for their Late Night Menu considering I had NEVER been here before and wanted to try it, only to have it ruined by Paul! Went to Natt Spil and received much better service... Cannot really compare the food though considering I never had had the experience of trying the Tornado Room... :( Hope this helps and let me know when Paul isn't working!
2	I had heard rave reviews about Tornado's late night menu.  Friday night, a group of us came in for their famous late night steak sandwiches.  About half the tables in the room were full at this point.  We waited at least 10 minutes for menus/any communication from our server.  Once we received our menus, our server told us they would be back to take our order soon- this ended up being 10 more minutes..  We ordered drinks and food, and also asked for water for the table.  After ordering, we waited 45 more minutes and still hadn't received water or the drinks we ordered!  Our server ignored our table the entire time.  When we asked nicely about the wait for the drinks, the server replied with "We only have one bartender..." and then went on and was very defensive.  After asking, our drinks and food came out together and two of our parties orders were missing...we couldn't ask about them, because our server was nowhere to be seen again.  We still had not been given water and there were people at our table who didn't order drinks either and had been there for an hour with nothing to drink. Also, a friend in our party had food allergies, particularly green onion.  When she asked the server about her options, the server basically told her that "the kitchen is covered in green onion" and there was nothing she could do to help her. and was very put off by the thought of a customer even asking for alternative options.The steak sandwich was good, when it finally came, but the service was just terrible.  I hardly ever am disappointed with restaurants in Madison, but I was definitely disappointed after all of the hype.
5	Returned to Tornado's late night menu for a third time with a group of six. We ended up all getting up and leaving after ten minutes due to having an extremely unpleasant experience with a server there. We were given a gift certificate and were asked to return after a friend called in and expressed our feelings about that night. I returned for a fourth time, this occasion I was with a group of four. We started off each with a different cocktail. Those that stood out were the key lime gimlet and the other cocktail had strawberry and cucumber notes. I can't recall the name of the drink, but it was DELICIOUS. Very refreshing and light. For appetizers we had the scallops, two orders of the cocktail shrimp, and cheese curds. Everything was delicious. The scallops were nice. They are poached and in a white wine sauce. I thought it was fun to try something different versus the always seared, or bacon wrapped scallop. For entrees we all ordered the 8 oz sirloin steak, medium rare. Every steak was perfect. Seasoning was balanced well, temperatures were on point, and the meat was tender. For dessert, we basically got one of each. We had the cheesecake, the carrot cake, custard, a caramel bar of some sort, and the pineapple upside down. I thought most of the desserts lacked sweetness. However, it didn't matter to me because I was there to have my ultimate favorite, the pineapple upside down cake. It is the best dessert by far, and one of my favorite desserts that I've had at any restaurant in general. Our server that night was Aubrey, and she was wonderful. I know my table was constantly ordering things, but she was very patient and always attentive with us. I'm giving Tornado Room a five star rating not only for the excellent food, but also for the customer service. They really wanted us to come back and have a pleasant experience. This time we did get to enjoy Tornado Room, so thank you for your above and beyond customer service. Will be returning many more times.
5	Reasons why I'm not a vegetarian: Tornado Steak House.Reasons why I stay up past 10pm: Tornado Steak House.Reasons why I always carry $13+: Tornado Steak House.Reasons why you shouldn't go to Tornado Steak House right now:
4	I'm going to start by saying don't make the same mistake that I made:  MAKE A RESERVATION!!  We didn't and the wait was over an hour and a half.  100% my fault.  Our table was a booth in their amazing dining room, a time machine back to the '50's.  Loved it.  I'd rate the food very good, with maybe a few shortcomings because we were there on a very busy Saturday night.  The spinach salad which was supposed to be a comforting warm was lukewarm at best.  And a steakhouse that runs out of baked potatoes?  However, the venison I had as an entree was excellent.  I'll definitely go back to check out their late night menu which was recommended to us by several people in town.  And to try the pineapple upside-down cake!
3	I ate at Tornado Steakhouse tonight (7/9/14) and it was fantastic. I got the 16 oz. NY strip steak with a baked potato and the cheese cake for dessert.  The bread was pretty good. I didn't cut into the loaf, but at the biscuit.The steak dinner came with choice of salad or soup and steak and with a side.  I went with the mixed greens with balsamic vinaigrette.  The dressing was already applied when it was served. I enjoyed the salad but I can imagine there would be some that want more dressing.I got a baked potato with my steak instead of vegetables.  It was a typical baked potato, which was just fine with me.  The steak was a choice grade steak and it wasn't dry aged, but it was excellent.  The strip steak was narrow, but thick ( ~2 inches) and cooked perfectly.  In all honestly I think the steak I had at Johnny Delmonico's (JD's) down the street had a better flavor, but that's John my cause it was dry agside I wish Tornado Steakhouse would offer a dry aged steak.For dessert I got the cheesecake, which is made in house.  It had a few blackberries on the side but no sauce.  For me that was great.  Like BBQ and steak if cheesecake is good it doesn't need a sauce. It was thick and creamy with great flavor.I gave Tornado Steakhouse 5 stars because the food was great and the price was
5	To me steak is steak, but this place was a step above.  My husband is the beef aficionado.  I often order the salmon at steak places.  I did however choose steak being as most of the reviews mentioned steak.  They did have a Bison special for the evening but I am not really a fan of bison either.  It also sold out about 30 minutes into dinner service (we got there for early dinner) so if you like bison I would suggest calling ahead.  As a starter, they brought out an array of bread, long bread stick, whole grain loaf and some type of biscuit.  And lovely little crudites in an ice filled glass.  We started with wedge salad that had an very nice strong blue cheese dressing.  My husband ordered the New York strip and I ordered the 8 oz filet both excellent.  I was pleasantly surprised when the vegetables come out properly cooked at a steak place.  We also splurged on a bottle of wine, which the server suggested.  Also delicious!  We could only partially blame the wine for the fact that we left there full and happy.  We want to go back for the after 10pm special and of course the desert we didn't room for.  Definitely on our list of restaurants to return to.
3	Everything is just OK. A lot of better choices in town. The food is expensive because they are too much, not because of the taste.
3	For the price, I would go somewhere else.The service was excellent so I want to give them more stars. But for the same price, I'd rather go somewhere with a bit more diversity in their menu, from dishes to wines. Ok, their shrimp cocktail is good, their escargot is great (I don't know anywhere else in Madison I can get the same quality). However, the steaks? They are good, but I'm surprised they didn't have any dry-aged steaks. The breads are delicious.Ok the wine list. It has so much potential but for a fancy place like Tornado Steak House, I wish they had some more variety. It's a good place, I've been here multiple times, actually, and each time I always feel like they're missing just one thing. I still recommend it, but not quite the place I'd keep returning to when I have the chance.
4	My boss/friend took me to Tornado tonight in return for me giving him my old lawnmower (I think I clearly one-upped him on the deal).- Arrived at 6:15pm, bar was completely full+ Managed to score a quick booth spot; server promptly greeted and helped us- Taps were down on this particular night (cooler issues)+ Decent bottle selection; reasonable prices+ Seats opened at the bar+ Bartenders are prompt, courteous, and helpful without being overbearing+ Great about refills on drinks and waters+ Can order full menu at the bar- Petite fillet, medium rare with seasonal veggies = $44+ Steak was awesome - perfect; veggies were unreal+ Pre-dinner salad was delicious as well+ Bartenders kept us happy with drinksI suspect my visit in September of last year (late night) was a fluke; all of the other grub I've had here, be it as a civilian or as a Yelp Elite for a special event, has been stellar. I snuck a peek at our tab at the end of the night - my boss/friend had a Strip Steak with green beans and an appetizer. Between the two of us, we had 8-9 brews as well, and the total tab was just around $100 - that's more than fair, in my book.Go. Sit at the bar. Enjoy.
2	I have to chime in after my first experience and reading the mixed reviews and agree with almost everything said.  The prime rib I ordered was very lacking both in actual temperature as well as flavor.  You may ask why I did not ask my server to have it warmed up and that comes from her lack of attentiveness to the table.  With that stated my girlfriend who is not a steak person absolutely loved her filet.  The french onion soup was the highlight of the meal.   With that stated about 10 minutes after leaving our downtown hotel we realized we forgot our leftovers.  We were just on the other side of the capital building and did not go back to retrieve them which means there is something to be said about the quality of the food.  I don't honestly see myself giving Tornado a second chance.
4	Pros:Good food- had the lamb and it was amazing. The bread is also pretty great.Nice ambiance- we sat outside and it was prettyGood cocktails and overall drink selection- I had this odd cucumber cocktail that was interesting and deliciousPrice was right- for a good steakhouse, the cost was exactly what I would expect.Seemed to be very busy- we went on a Wednesday night without reservations and the wait was an hour if you wanted to sit inside. A good sign!Cons:The service was pretty poor- our server was so quiet and mumbled so badly that I could barely understand him. The first time he came up I didn't even realize he was talking. Maybe he was recovering from laryngitis or something but a heads up would have been nice if that were the case. He also forgot to bring us silverware twice. Other than that people were polite and timely.Bottom line: I will be back for the late night menu! We went during regular hours so I'm excited to try deliciousness at half the price. I would also rate this place 4.5 if I could
5	Headline: One of the best curated winelists, most consistent kitchens, and best steaks in town.Hits:  Everything. (Literally.) Food: Delicious, consistently prepared steakhouse options. Decor: Throwback supper club.Bar: Universally talented group of bartenders, both upstairs & downstairs.Misses: I've never had a bad experience or interaction at Tornado, so I can't say anything negative. Hints: The bar space downstairs has more room to spread out than its upstairs neighbor. Also, sit outside when you can. It is a totally different experience. Bottomline: Whether it is for wine, cocktails, full dinner, or late night snacks - go. You won't regret it.
4	Well the bartender wasn't very successful at making a good drink but the other one could and was cool about it. Scallops were great and the farmers grass fed steak was good. I wouldnt say great. But for a grass fed it was very tender which is a feat in itself. Should have just went with their normal steak to see what the fuss is about.
2	We had been  anxiously anticipating our visit to Madison and were excited to try the Tornado having heard so much about it. The ambiance is like taking a step back in time. I almost expected Don Draper to be bellied up to the bar. Drinks in the bar were great. Well presented and delicious. Not a big gin repertoire but the old fashioned my husband and friend had did not disappoint.What did disappoint was the service.  We waited a full half hour after being seated before we saw a waiter. We had been  given water etc. but no server. We had to ask the water server for our waiter. The waiter took our order but that was about all he did. Our friend asked for butter and that came after the meal was over. My husband asked for horseradish and that never came.  When we asked that our bill be split by couple he complied but added an automatic 18% gratuity which our friend vehemently disputed. It was then removed.I have never had such terrible service in a restaurant of this caliber. The food was delicious but with the many choices for cuisine in Madison, we will not be visiting this  establishment again.
5	One of my favorite places to get cocktails or late night food in Madison. Their specialty cocktails are delicious and strong. I love the James Madison or the Key Lime Gimlet if I want dessert. From the late night menu, the steak sandwich is one of the best menu items in Madison. The steak is cooked perfectly and goes so well with the horseradish sauce.What really sets this place apart from the rest is the ambiance. It's 1920s speakeasy meets Wisconsin supper club. Dim lighting and cozy seating make it a great place to go in a very small group.
5	Truly a classic - when you go in to this place you feel like you are stepping back into the 40's or 50's (especially when the weather is warm and you come in through the very dark bar area with the tiny curved booths and dozen bar stools).We always make a point to dine here when attending a Badger football game and ALWAYS are sure to make a reservation well in advance.  I have probably eaten there 5 or 6 times and always enjoy the ambiance, service and food.This is first and formost a steak place although there's usually one in the group that always gets the walleye (easily enough for two people).  Your steak will come on a sizzling hot plate with a nice crispy onion ring on top along with your choice of potatoes and soup or salad.  They've got a nice french onion soup but you really should have the classic wedge salad that comes with both french and blue cheese dressing.  Be careful because the meal also comes with a huge bread basket with about 5 diffferent types of bread and rolls - I especially like the foot long sesame bread sticks.  Also, right after you sit down someone will place a tall water glass on the table with a couple of carrot sticks, celery, pickle and olives.They've got a decent wine list, but are also adept at all the classic cocktails like old fashions (a Wisconsin tradition).Definitely one of the better steak houses in the area.
5	The best steak in madison hands down, but that's not what makes tornado room great. If you've never been to the tornado room past 10 pm and found your way to the basement for cocktails and the nighttime menu, you are missing out.
5	I really enjoy the Tornado and have dined here several times. The steaks are always large and prepared perfectly.The bar area is classic 60's lounge with round leather booths. The staff is welcoming and very professional. The dining area can be somewhat loud. It's rustic in appearance. The wine selection is fairly good, with lots of "by the glass" selections but the "by the bottle" choices are quite good. I was disappointed that I could not get a Spanish Temperanillo at my last visit but such is life.I'd highly recommend the Tornado. A great place for steaks.
5	This is the most popular restaurant and bar in Madison right now, according to a bunch of chefs and bartenders I ended up meeting, and it is so for all good reasons. It is a classic steakhouse supper club that's been unchanged for decades, but the wood is all warmly polished, the dim coloured lights are in perfect condition and the menu, though completely classic, is cooked with total love, impeccable quality and attention to detail. Some menu items are weirdsville to me - the giant chunk of iceburg lettuce slathered in blue cheese and French dressing, the deep fried cheese curds, the steak all alone on a hot plate topped with a single enormous onion ring. All sort of bizarre to this Montrealer, but that was honestly probably the best steak I've ever eaten, and the cocktails and local microbrews were just perfect too. We ate at a small table in a cozy black booth in the front bar and it was cozy and perfect. Funny sidenote: Later in the week I was having a beer in another great bar in Madison (great in a completely different divey way) and I started chatting with the gent next to me and it turned out he had actually cooked my amazing steak at the Tornado Room! So shout out to Kalyb, give that man a raise!
4	I've only had the pleasure I sampling the late night menu, but the food we had was great. The atmosphere is reminiscent of old-school Milwaukee supper clubs, and everybody there was in a good mood. Things get busy, though.
5	The one restaurant in Madison I just keep coming back to. I've only ever been for the late night menu and I have a policy against ordering anything besides the $13 sirloin- it would be downright sinful. I haven't had a better steak since living in Madison, and I imagine the only way I would is if I came a little earlier for the full menu. But who can resist an 8 oz steak for $13?!?! My boyfriend usually gets the scallops, and sometimes we share. The scallops are really wonderful, too, and come with three scallops with a great cream sauce on a bed of mashed potatoes in a scallop shell. Yes, I've stolen the scalloped shell dish on several occasions. I try to convince everyone I go with to get the sirloin, but my best friend would always get the salmon sandwich or steak sandwich and raved about both.The Tornado Room reminds you of a smoker's lounge in the fifties (not that I've been to one), it's very dark and antique looking. When you go in late night, you seat yourself at whatever table is available. There's an upstairs and downstairs, but it can sometimes be a little bit of a wait to get a table, especially if you're there with a  group. There's really only one table that will accommodate a group larger than 4/5, so you kind of have to get lucky.... we always have.
4	Love this place! Great atmosphere amazing steak (and super cheap on their late night menu). The drinks there are tasty yet strong...also their French onion soup is divineee. My only complaint is that service is slow for late night food. I haven't been there for regular dinner, so not sure how service it's during that. Definitely worth the wait though!
5	Easy 5 StarsI think everything what makes this place hum and purr like a well oiled machine has already been written. So I won't be rehashing a bunch of issues ya'll should know. I'm gonna stick with three things. The craft cocktails, the steak and the vibe. Hip and SexyThe lounge here is a throwback in time  circa 1970. I love this $hit man. Where Bartenders are Mixologists and the Old Fashion is king. Our Mixologist was Greg. Hip looking dude with his billy goat beard. He makes my wife a Cadillac Old Fashion and me a Flew the Coop. Both drinks are outstanding but I want more. I ask Greg to make me something special. His eyes light up and he says, I've been working on this drink that uses spicy pear liquor and bourbon. My reply, I'll take one. So and true mixologist form Greg breaks out his little black book that he has probably written down more ideas for drinks that you can shake a stick too. So I watch him and he's like a mad scientist with a Billy goat beard muddling a sugar cube soaked in bitters. Then he puts in alittle of this alittle of that and gives it a sample. Then back to work as he adds some apple cider beer and rims the glass with a lemon peel and presto, he hands me his drink. I said what's the name? His reply, he doesn't have one yet. I take a sip and this baby is smooth. Tastes like a beautiful fall day in a glass. The pear,  the apple, the bitters, the sugar and the bourbon were fucking excellent. I told Jeff that the name of this drink is Greg's Fall Back or GFB. In honor of the time clocks being pushed back an hour in the fall (extra hour of sleep) this would be a perfect name for such a tasty libation. He said he liked the name and would keep it. hooray!Hmmmm Steak.I am a far cry from a fancy well to do guy. I'm not a lobbyist, politician, or a slick salesperson, I'm a regular dude. One thing is for sure this regular dude knows his steak. It's not rocket science to tell a great steak from a shitty one or if it's cook right or not. Fuck man it's common sense. The 8 ounce filet I got here was money. Served up "old style" on a sizzling metal platter. I ordered it medium. I cut right down the center of this bad boy to see if the chef got my temp right. Bingo, perfect. Perfect pink center and just awesome to look at. Now the taste. Meat. Yes I said it. It taste like meat. WTF does that mean? I want my steak to taste like meat not some doctored up sauce ladled, marinaded piece of turd. Let me taste the meat flavor baby. My steak had IT. I would say they used a seasoned salt and just pepper when cooking this bad boy. I don't think they used a plain salt. One word, delicious.VibeWe walked in they the lounge and it looks like time stopped around 1972. Don't get me wrong nothing was old or tattered. It was a perfectly restored lounge from the 70's. I kept waiting for Marsha Brady to walk in. That scored high points with me. From the paneling, to the booths to the lighting fixtures this place oozed hip and yes I'm fucking sexy. The same theme runs thru the restaurant with the dark woods with almost a 70s hunting lodge feel in the dining room we ate in. Very cool and I was impressed.VerdictI asked the Yelpers of Madison to help a vacationing brother out where to get a great steak and they did. I can't thank you enough and that's why I love Yelp. Remember to tell Greg the mixologist ( you are not a bartender) that Dan from Ft. Lauderdale sent you for his Greg's Fall Back or GFB and Stay Hungry!
5	This was my first time eating a full dinner here. It was the man friends birthday and he decided he wanted a steak the size of his head. And I wanted an old fashioned done well. So. Tornado room seemed like the only choice.We split an order of oysters, and then for dinner I had the ceaser salad with the French onion soup and about 6 bites of his delicious steak (that faux-vegetarian thing in me sometimes dictates that I do need a few bites of horrible-for-your-heart but great-for-your-soul melt-in-your-mouth red meat). Between what the sig-other ate and the few bites I had, that steak was done for. Dominated that thing. Tornado; you get it right. Every time.
4	We came in with no reservation and I was on the fence about coming here. I will say that it wasn't a very warm welcome when I called on my way and got there asking about a table. I didn't know the drill about grabbing a bar table. But, once we got settled, this was a trip back in time that was well worth it. Traditional steakhouse finds. A pretty limited menu. But, the steaks are the showstopper centerpiece here. One of the best I have had! We both loved our steaks and after one of the hip new restaurants in town the night before this was a fun contrast. It is pretty pricey for how straightforward the menu is and how old-school the decor is, so not sure I would head back in a hurry with all the new dining Madison has to offer. But a gem that hopefully will stick around for a long time.
5	First impression walking in. Old school, dark, very cozy. Great atmosphere. Had a reservation and we were seated immediately. Waiter was clear and knowledgeable, prompt and courteous. I have been to the likes of mannys, Ruth's Chris, cap grille, etc and the 20oz bone-in tenderloin was one of the best steaks I've ever had. Very well seasoned and cooked to a perfect medium. Very impressed and will definitely return.
5	Best place to eat in Madison.  ALWAYS GOOD.  Best steaks and seafood.  Great service.  Only complaint is it is difficult to get reservations.
5	This place rules. We only had a few of the small plates to share, but the house drinks were great, fairly priced, and the vibe was the best. It felt like we had disappeared into another place in time, off the map.Highly recommend spending some time here, and I'm looking forward to going back the next time I'm in town.
5	Great steak; great wine; great dessert.Great post-Badger game experience!Waiter said they haven't had an open table since Wednesday, so make sure you have a reservation.
3	Still the coziest restaurant in Madison.  I used to crave their oysters Rockafeller, but for some reason,  the chef has added bread crumbs to the detriment of the recipe. When I ordered the second plate sans fried crumbs, it still fell short of what  I remembered.  The bread was warm and buttery.  The squash soup was thick and just spicy enough.   The rabbit I ordered elicited a look from the waitress and my table mates. I ordered it without the ears.  The diminutive cutlet tasted not like chicken, but pork chop.  It also came with more fried bread crumbs and dark kale which was probably good for someone who likes roughage that bitter.  The only complaint my friend had about the steak was its enormity.  My other friend, gradually becoming a gourmet chef in his own right,  said the duck was cooked perfectly, but  he might have chosen a different sauce.  He declared the hash browns were done "right."
5	Really great steaks cooked to perfection!  There are a lot of choices in Madison for a Steak but this place is a must try!  It has that old Wisconsin feel to it!
5	Came to Tornado's with a group of eight coworkers, had a reservation and we were all promptly seated.The decor at Tornado's reminds me of a 50's style Italian restaurant we have here in Massachusetts called the Chateau.  All of the decor looks like it is styled out of the 50's or it is from there.  Just an observation, it wasn't dirty or anything like that, the decor just took you back in time.  I like the layout of the restaurant and how the larger parties are more in the back away from the smaller tables.  This allowed us to be loud and not disrupt any smaller parties next us.Drinks:  Plenty of options for drinks; most of our table ordered a special cocktail or a glass of wine.  I was very happy with both selections, Tornado's was busy but our drinks came out correct and quick.Food: We started with the frog legs and escargot, we ordered it because where else can you get it, and why not!  I found them both to be disgusting but then again I don't think they would ever be good at any restaurant.  Normally anything deep fried to me is good, but the frog was so gamey that I couldn't eat it. Everyone enjoyed tasting the appetizers and being grossed out by them.  For entrees we all ordered different things, I had the 8oz filet which was outstanding.  I really like that this is NOT a la cart, you get a soup or appetizer and veggies or a potato with your main meal.  It is a great deal!  Others in the party got the duck breast (they both stated they wish they didn't get it, although both mentioned the portions were huge!), lamb and new york strip.In the beginning they bring you out this cup with pickles, carrots, celery, olives and other random items.  I honestly wasn't sure what to do with this?!!?  I think it is their signature snack or presentation, but I just felt like we were missing some bloody mary to pour into it!  We all had a great time, our server was excellent and kept the food and drinks coming.  Everything from food to drinks was reasonably priced, I would go again!
4	Good food and steaks are well prepared.  Can't say it's the best around just yet but good enough.
4	I had the tenderloin and I have to say I've had better but it was still good.  All the food that came with it was excellent.  My companion got prime rib with horseradish sauce that I thought was wonderful (better than the tenderloin).  Great ambiance.  Make reservations a week in advance or more though.
4	This is where I learned that fried cheese curds taste surprisingly just like mozzarella sticks. Maybe that's not so surprising after all.If you too want to learn this, head to the bar for the late night menu. Here you'll be treated to good eats at affordable prices. Take, for example, the steak sandwich. A steal of a deal, and not half bad. The burger also looked atrociously large and delicious.It's small and cramped, but why worry about that when there's well-priced grub to be had?
5	This is my go-to restaurant when I am craving a good steak.  I love the ambiance, reminds me of the upscale north shore Chicago supper clubs that I would go to with my grandparents. Unlike many supper clubs the wood paneling is not tacky but warm. More like Ralph Lauren lodge meets supper club.  It feels very cozy on a cold Wisconsin night. The real draw for me is the steaks. There are a lot of places in the area that make a good steak but this is hands down my favorite. I order the same thing every time because it is beyond perfect. Old Fashioned French onion soupSpinach saladFilet Au Poivre in mushroom cream sauceHash brownsI always have leftovers and unlike 90% of leftovers in my fridge I actually look forward to them.
5	Great meal from the French onion soup, the four different steaks our party ordered, to the pineapple upside down cake for dessert! We have been here a few times and are always impressed.
