2	When we came through the airport on Friday morning before 6AM, I was surprised to see this wine bar, I had high hopes since I had great experiences with the Winery in the Dallas/Ft Worth airport.  I was looking forward to visiting this business should we have a long layover on our flight back to LA. So low and behold we had a long layover today (in fact, we are still in the middle of it) so I got to try the wine bar.  Kudos for supporting the North Carolina Wineries.  (Yes, they serve only NC wines here.)  The server didn't seem to be very outgoing.  The set up doesn't encourage interaction with him.  There are no seats at the "bar".   I am not sure how they do the wine tastings (4 wines but I don't remember the price) because they have displays taking up space on the bar.  Guess he brings the wines out to you at the tables.   They also have wine by the glass ($7).  It might be that we chose badly, but I wasn't impressed with the NC wine that we had.
3	Until they become more ubiquitous, wine bars in airports will always get at least three stars from me. But that's all this one is getting. It was definitely cool to try NC wines, but they, like this bar, were just okay. The server was pretty unfriendly and didn't seem at all passionate about what he was doing. He wouldn't make recommendations because he said that everyone's taste is difference, yada, yada, yada. But I think that's a cop out. All he had to ask was, what do you like, and then he should be able to point folks in the right direction.
4	Wine bars are awesome. And the Yadkin Valley wine bar in the Charlotte airport is a great idea. I must have gotten lucky the day I went through there because the "guy" everyone else was complaining about wasn't there. Instead, there was the cutest 20-something girl serving up the wines and making recommendations. She was knowledgeable, quick, and professional. I enjoyed listening to her insight into the local industry and even though she was busy, she readily recommended some selections based on my palate. I tried two flights of tasting, the Rieslings and the reserve reds. There was nothing to complain about. The Westbend 2007 Riesling was actually pretty decent for not being a late harvest vintage. I also really liked the 2004 Shelton Port. The best of all was a cabernet blend that for the life of me I forgot to look at the label and can't remember what it was. It was a blend of a handful of things and it was smooth, bold, and with the faintest hint of pepper and coffee. Apparently the Yadkin Valley had a bit of a rough season in 2007, but you couldn't tell it by the wines. A few were a little weak for my taste, but a few of them did stand out as solid daily table wines. And I still can't get that Salem Fork Snow Hill White off my mind. It's light as hell but it grows on you.If you've got the time and enjoy wines, stop in the Yadkin Valley wine bar... but do a tasting flight instead of ordering straight off the menu. You might just find something interesting.
1	Horrible place. We stopped in here between flights to try some NC wine, what a mistake! The guy running the bar was terribly rude and made no effort to tell us about the different wineries or blends we were tasting. No seats at the bar and no service at our table. Also there was nothing in between each glass of tasting to wash the taste out from the last glass. In addition he wouldn't give any recommendations and of course told his trainees never to as they can't play favorites with the local wineries. The guy behind the counter was training some new hires and talking down to us in front of them. What a character - he dropped innuendos to them that we were a  *bar crowd* - wow sorry if I don't look in top shape after a long flight! At least I know what good wine is and it came few and far between at this place.I will NEVER go here again. I hope it closes down or comes under new management!
