5	This past weekend, I visited the newly opened and long-anticipated Tivoli Village.  I was pleased with the entire establishment - it was bright, clean, beautiful, and fun.My favourite store in Tivoli Village was The Dog House, a pet-friendly establishment that caters to every possible need your dog might have.  With high-quality food, toys, treats, housing, and even clothes (for you or your pet), as well as an assortment of adorable accessories like mugs and jewelry, The Dog House is a fantastically fun place to take your dog and browse.I loved looking through everything there - especially the treat display case.  I swear I was tempted to try a few of the dog treats myself; they're just so cute and tasty looking.  They also had a section full of great supplements and nutritional additives for your dog's diet, which was really interesting to read about.If you love your dog and want to give him the very best, this is definitely the store for you.  Five stars for a useful, clean, friendly, and inviting environment that I'll be recommending to all my pet-owning friends.
3	I do like the Good Dog Food Companys products so I popped in to take a look. The treat bar is very attractive- their bakery treats are $1.50 and look so nice that they look appetizing even to me! Their food is top notch, however I already found food that works for my dogs and their food is the only kind they stock. They also had antlers and other softer chewies and jerkies. There was cute accessories but "high end" type accessories like a stroller or a embroidered bed. Also had some dog books, some supplements, and some dog fan items (like totes, note cards, artwork, etc).  I can see myself stopping in to get some bakery treats for the pups if I'm in Tivoli, but I can't see myself coming to specifically shop here. I buy their jerkies and cookies at Bone Appetit. We'll see how the pups like their  fresh bakery treats and I might bring them to come walk around with me on a nice day out!
5	Our first visit was today.  We thought the store was nicely displayed and the girl behind the counter was lovely.  She said hello when we came in, asked what type of dog we own and told us of the special on cookies.  The selection of cookies is small but really nicely displayed with names and ingredient listings.  Really, you don't need a larger cookie selection.  There's also refrigerated food which I am assuming is for dogs on the raw diet.  The knick knacks and dog accessories is quite varied and reasonably priced.  There's also a dog artist on Saturdays that does on the spot dog portraits!We'll be back...with our dog...definitely!
1	Although the owners are friendly and the store looks nice, we will not be going back.  We bought a rope toy for our 7 mo. old small dog which he played with for an hour the first day.  The toy immediately started to fray.  When I called the store and explained the problem, she told me there was nothing she could do about it.  I guess I will continue to shop at stores that stand behind their merchandise.  I certainly will not shop at this store again nor will I recommend it to anyone else.
5	My pup and I love visiting The Dog House. I recently switched my pups food from IAMS to the Good Dog Food without any problems.  He goes crazy when it is time to eat and loves the treats! The food and their jerky treats are so yummy with no preservatives! They even remember my dog every time we come in!I am shocked by some of the negative remarks as everyone that I know has outstanding reviews about the food, products and service.  In addition, the owners continuously try to locate the best products for their customers and try to educate their customers.  The service you receive is not like going to chain pet stores or other retail locations, you receive true personal service with people that know and love animals.  In addition to having a retail store they also strive to provide education for the owners of pets that will be enjoying their products.  People have to remember what the point of this store is; the health and nutrition of your animal not just to sell you a product.  If you want to buy something for your dog, visit any big retail store, if you want personal service, advise, quality food and products for the animal(s) that you love, shop at The Dog House!
3	Ok, I would give this place more stars if it weren't on the pricier end of the scale, but while I love my furball as much as the next person, I'm not willing to spend *that* much for toys that he's going to destroy in days.  That being said, I dig the vibe of this place.  The staff is friendly and helpful, the baked dog treats are people-grade, and the lay-out is both aesthetically pleasing and functional.
