3	Yes, I know its Domino's, and I know there are better pizza places in town. However, when I want cheap, good, and fast delivery pizza, I call my neighborhood Domino's. I wasn't a huge fan of Domino's until they went through the whole ordeal where they changed their sauce, crust, ingredients etc after much public outcry (I didn't hear it, but it must have been crazy :-P ). I only really ate it in a pinch. Our typical order is thin crust with either white sauce, feta and onions, or some variety of veggies with red sauce. When we get the pizza, it always looks appetizing. I can't say this even for the more "fancier" pizza joints. Additionally, the delivery is always within 30-45 minutes, which is not the case for other places, even ones that are much closer to us. The ingredients are fresh, and the crust is usually very crispy but not hard. I will also say that my most favorite thing about Domino's is the Noid...wait, wrong decade, its actually the online ordering. Domino's order tracker is very cool, its accurate and sometimes I just watch it while I am waiting for my pizza.
4	Dominos everywhere taste pretty much the same... But this place get 4 stars because I ordered my food online and it told me 25-30 min which is avg. They were at the door in 15 min. :) very fast!!
2	Ok, so I've never been a fan of Domino's in the past and I can't say much has changed since they said they had redone their recipe for a "better" pizza. The crust is just too overly seasoned. That really turns me off. It tastes like they put way too much garlic powder combined with Mrs. Dash on it, ew.The texture is ok, but it's really not doing it for me. I prefer Pizza Hut or Papa John's still if I'm going for a cheap pizza on the quick.
4	love their hand tossed pan pizza
4	We love this pizza place. In the middle of the city it always comes in a reasonable amount of time. They offer frequent coupons and specials and it's easy to use with the app for your phone. If you get a chance order their pasta bowls as well. They are fantastic for quick pasta and a surprising change to the usual pizza. The only thing I wish they had that they don't are side salads and family size salads as well for a more balanced meal as well as a option for the vegan/vegetarians.  Dominos doesn't as usual doesn't disappoint.
1	I would give zero stars if I could...I ordered a pizza, an hour and a half ago. Called to see where it was...the guy who answered was pleasant and said he'd give me a credit for another time and to call when my pizza finally arrives, about 25 mins later I get my pizza (that's about 2 hours after I ordered it)...I called the store back...he said I'm glad you got your pizza, got the name of the driver (shouldn't he already know that information?) and then hung up! No apologizes, no I'll get you your credit...just hung up! I won't ever order from this place again!!!!!
2	They don't deliver to the luxor.After a long night, I didn't feel like leaving the room the next day for lunch. So me and my cohort decided to order some pizza, to help save some cash over room service.As usual the menu look great and was very cheap. So I placed the order on my phone and went back to sleep, hoping to wake up to banging on my door with pizza being shoved at me.About 30 minutes later I get a call from the driver claiming he couldn't deliver to the Luxor and that I would have to walk down to the taxi pickup to meet him.At this point I could have just gotten lunch at the crummy Luxor food court for the same price with less effort.The food was good as expected, but Dominos should really update their ordering service to let you know if you can't have your pizza delivered to your room. That is kind of the whole point of delivery... you don't have to put pants on.
1	your driver Jonathan is a creep! that little freak decided to text our friend (who was visiting us and made the order) to complain about the tip he received. that's really rude and weird that he's using our order information in such a negative way. especially when this person knows where I live.
1	Not only was the food brunt but the customer service is ridiculous! Extremely rude! Make sure to triple check your order before handing the driver a tip!
2	Just curious,Why would a pizza chaim stop offering parm. cheese?Pizza better some days than others, but would sure be nice if drivers or even store carried parmesan cheese and crushed pepper. Many times drivers do not even have napkins.I prefer to call papa these days.
1	They really suck.They do not offer parm. cheese, so when we order from them we have to use extra packets we have from REAL pizza places. Also twice have ordered from local store, just to go there and order was lost or not there. Jerk at store asked if we had ordered from Pizza Hut. We probably would have had food by now if we did.We stick w/ Papa for chain pizza delivery.
1	The pizza was burnt. Not "a little burnt," either. One side of the crust was black.
4	Always The Best! I've ordered pizza, wings, and subs from here before. Sauce is always so thick and tasty, wings are a blast of heaven in every bite, and the subs... cooked to perfection! These men and ladies here, really know what they're doing. My favorite pizza delivery place by far.
