4	If you like banh xeo (vietnamese pancakes) this is the place to go to. Super small area though but expect super good banh xeo. They also have shrimp rolls that are transparent i dont remember the vietnamese name, but those are good as well. Worth trying if you are tired of pho
5	so i was starving, walking down the street to find a place to have late lunch.everything is in french, of course, and my french is limited.i'm walking and low-and-behold, i see a vietnamese sign for 'banh xeo'.BINGO.helps that i can read vietnamese and i love vietnamese food.this hole-in-the-wall place is really delicious. the owner is super nice.and they carry all my favorite vietnamese dishes.i had the 'banh cuon du thu' = flour rolls combination.they make the flour rolls there fresh. and their fish sauce is really good, just like how my mom makes it.sweet! i found a home, away from home- somehow in montreal.i'm definitely coming back here a zillion more times during my stay here.
3	This is a very authentic Vietnamese restaurant. That being said, it wasn't for me and not worth going out of the way. If you need to sample some home cooking typical of Vietnam, give this place a try. The owners are very nice and taught me how to eat the 'pancake' wrap. The rolls were good, I don't think I would do the pancake wrap - too messy, and the pho-like soup was OK.
4	being vietnamese and not looking to eat pho as i can just ask my mom for it, when i heard about an authentic vietnamese restaurant that doesn't offer pho, i had to try.banh xeo is a savory crepe with pork, shrimp, bean sprout and green onion eaten wrapped in lettuce and herbs dipped in nuoc mam or if you are like me and don't feel like making a mess, all mixed in a bowl eaten with a fork.can't be more authentic than that. it brought me back to my childhood days when i used to eat it the lettuce wrapped way.banh cuon is another safe dish to get. it's a sticky flour roll dish with shiitake mushroom and ground pork. eating as is or with nuoc mam. definitely better and fresher than what you'd get at the grocery storeif you are feeling a bit more adventurous, you could try the durian milkshake. the infamous stinky fruit. personally, i can't stand the smell of the fruit. it smells foul especially when ripped and humid outside. it's a combination of rotten eggs, #2 diapers sitting in the sun but apparently praised for it's custard like feeling and sweet onion vanilla taste. well, i tried the milkshake and it's not bad at all. made with frozen durian, ice, milk and condensed milk (and maybe some vanilla ice cream), you get a frozen concoction that has a french onion soup taste but without the foul smell (of the durian) associate with it. you do have the bad breath thoughif you are looking for traditional authentic vietnamese dishes and are tired of the usual pho, it's a must try place.me being vietnamese, i can just make it at home and according to my mom, for what you'd be spending there, better to make it at home but if you're lazy (i know i can be), it's a good placeps. like all vietnamese restaurants, closed on tuesday
