1	Normally I don't even go to tanning salons. However I'm going on a vacation in a few weeks where I'll be camping in harsh desert conditions. I knew having a base tan would be a good idea, just in case I accidentally missed an application of sunblock and burned.First and foremost, this salon uses biometric thumbprint scanning to check in each and every customer in instead of keying it in on the computer. Well, I didn't want my fingerprint scanned and politely declined my first time in. So did my friend. What amazes me more than this technology is out there is that we were THE FIRST people to ever refuse our thumbs to be scanned at this business.Now, call me crazy, but I don't willingly give up my fingerprint  to just any old business for the hell of it. Just as I don't willingly give out my social security information. This last time in I gave the woman my name to look me up in the computer. I'd never seen her there before but I had done this the few times before and figured it wouldn't be a problem. She gave me a puzzled look and pushed over the thumb scanner and asked me to scan it. I told her "No. I don't want to scan it." and she proceeded to say  "No" back to me in apparently the tone she heard me say it. It immediately made me think, "Did she REALLY just mock me right now?? Really?" Perhaps it was jokingly but even so, it was in extremely bad taste. She then asked why I didn't want my thumb scanned and I told her that it was a security concern. Apparently to her, this was either shocking or something she's never heard before because instead of leaving it at that, she chose to get into a) why she believes it's not a security concern and how b) the United States is going that way anyway. Apparently this is great logic.Also, she went into how she has no problem with it and why she gives her thumbprint to the hospital to check her in. Also, how the scan isn't even identifiable or even a real fingerprint. That's fine if a person wants to have one of the most identifiable features of their body scanned, for no other reason than to have it take 5 less seconds to check in....but I do not.  And I really don't appreciate a semi rude explanation of your beliefs when all I'm trying to do is tan!I wanted to ask her if she also gives her social security number to anyone who asks because "businesses are asking for it all the time now." But I digress...Not only was I made to feel like I had to defend myself for not wanting to give my fingerprint (which I didn't) after it was all said and done, she only gave me 3 minutes to undress...which was either a slap in the face, a total bitch move, an accident, or just the sign of a dumb manager that doesn't know how to hit a button to give me the proper time to undress. When my friend asked if she could give them 9 minutes to undress, she said she'd give them 8. Apparently she didn't understand that when a customer asks for a specific time, it's not a suggestion. My first week of tanning was free but this business has left such a bad taste in my mouth that I won't be finishing out my free week. I'd rather pay full price elsewhere.
5	So a few days ago I got a letter in the mail from this tanning salon. It was a personalized letter from the owner apologizing for the poor service I received. He thanked me for bringing the matter to their attention. I realized they had my address on file when I signed up and they obviously figured out who I was from my Yelp review. He has instructed his staff to give everyone 5 minutes to undress. He also mentioned I wasn't the only one to decline the thumbprint scanner. I do know that my husband was the first, or so they said, but that's besides the point. He went into the reason they have the thumbprint scanner (to avoid people using other people's packages), which I understand. In my opinion, a photo ID would work just as well, but it's not my business of course.I was really taken aback that a business owner would go out of their way to send  a personalized letter apologizing for bad service. As a token of good will, he offered me a month of free gold-level tanning or spray tanning. Thank you!
5	This place is really nice. I have been to my fair share of tanning salons and this place is greeat! I love it. Clean, well maintained, totally new beds. Nice personnel. Whoever was whining about the finger scan technology has a screw loose. So what ?? They scan your finger to bring your account up more quickly and so no one rips off your paid tans. This isn't big brother. It's called high tech. If that would stop you from going to this really nice salon then you are an idiot. They even give you one week free to try out this place. My son who is 22 and I both go here and have had a lovely experience. Highly recommended. Don't pay attention to the whiners on here with their petty complaints. Geesh every business should be run this well.
4	I really like Ultimate Tan-it's so clean and the staff is super friendly! Check out their Versa Spa for some instant "liquid Sun" without the harmful effects!  Plus that heater in there is amazing! Thanks Ultimate Tan!Tiffani Leigland
5	Clean, friendly, quick in and out.
5	The girls that work here are always so sweet.  The place is clean and I even bought a shirt from them that I have had tons of compliments from.  Their spray tans are the best in the area.  It's funny how little things make a big difference though bc I really like that they leave a wet wipe and a chocolate on the regular beds, and that they will hold your lotion and glasses for you so you don't forget them.  Their hours are good too, much later than most tanning places I have been to.
5	Excellent place to tan, clean, and customer service is excellent! The location is perfect and like the different levels and options that they have
5	Great place to tan! The customer service is outstanding! We are happy to have found these guys!
5	Great  tanning salon.  Friendly and  knowledgeable staff. Always very clean, love it here!
