4	Finally a location in the area. Love the famous star, super star and the steakhouse six dollar burger. Also the charbroiled sante fe chicken sandwich. Drive thru is open 24hrs. Didn't eat inside just went drive thru but it looked kinda busy inside. Drive thru service was quick.
4	Great to have another option when it comes to good fast food out here where we all know there aren't many diecent choices for food on this side of town, too many houses not enough retail. Anyway, I went during the first week they were open so this probably isn't the most accurate review seeing as I'm sure they had extra help in the begining, so I will check back and update later if neccesary. I was greeted immediately and it was very busy. The cashier was super friendly, and my food was placed in front of me on a tray before she even handed me my reciept! Like I said, first week open though. Needless to say, I was quite blown away though! Inside dinning room is very nice, great selection of Coca-Cola products inside, not much to hate! I do wish the drive-thru was open later though, it's only open til midnight Sunday-Thursday and til 2am on Friday, Saturday. I'd probably give it 5 stars if it had a 24 hour drive-thru like BK across the street, but not much to complain about aside from that. Great food!
2	It's fast food. It is what it is. I just like their criss cut fries. I've tried one of their burgers- Teriyaki and while the flavor was okay, the meat was just not good. The BF wanted to go again and got some criss cut fries and one of the fries was straight green and the BFs chicken sandwich was just terrible that he didnt eat it. I don't know about their standards. It's fast food and should be consistent but somehow this one has been crappy. Right by the house and will not be back. Shouldn't be eating crap anyways so maybe a good thing it's so shitty.
4	As far as fast food. Carl's Jr does hamburgers right. They do a good job with the onion rings. Not too thin and not too big as a lot of other places make them. I just tried their buffalo sauce chicken tenders. The sauces is good but the delivery is poor. The just put sauce on top of their tenders. This makes the breading soggy.
1	Every time I have been to this location I have had horrible service. The chicken tenders have been old and greasy. They always mess up my order, either forgetting something or not removing something. I love Carl's Jr. And this location ruins the image. If this was the only location I went to I would never return to any Carl's Jr.
1	This place is a conveyor belt for long-frozen, dry, over-cooked approximations for food. They think that by making the burgers bigger, people will equate that with value, despite the fact that the big stuff is over-priced, and the smaller stuff is even more over-priced. I got a chicken sandwich here for seven bucks that was smaller than a deck of cards, burned blacker than the bottom of a demon's feet.Their hamburger is virtually tasteless, so they splatter them with all kinds of sauce and wilted toppings. The only thing fresh here is a couple of the vegetables, which typically only serve to make the massive, starchy buns slide around. And their soda is watered down.The "natural cut fries" were cut from potatoes all right... a long time ago. Clearly frozen to a point where their natural flavor is all but gone. And the only reason the criss-cut fries are anywhere near decent is the massive spice layer that manages to hold in extra fryer oil. Underneath, it's still awful and tasteless.Carl's wasn't quite this bad a few years back. They were still pretty awful, but these days, at this location in particular, it's a train wreck. I gave them the benefit of the doubt a few times now, and every time I'm disappointed and end up feeling disgusting and shameful. Not to mention robbed of a few extra dimes.Nailing it all home is their deplorable ad campaign, which covers all their bags and cups with snarky bullshit about how awesome they are, punctuated with "That's just the way it is." You know something's wrong when Jack-in-the-Box does a better job of condescending to you, not to mention serving a better version of god-awful fast food at a less insulting price.If this franchise had a face, I would punch it.
1	Spent $10 on my meal which was chicken sandwich, fries, and a milkshake.  C'mon!  For fast food?  And my food was cold & tasteless.
5	Great experience
3	Fast food is fast food- This place was A-OK for me and the BF for the start of our road trip. The line in the drive thru was pretty fast and the staff was friendly.I always order the same thing- Santa Fe Chicken and the BF gets the $6 burger. Everything tasted fresh and the fries and zucchini were piping hit.I would definitely return to this location if I am ever going on another road trip.
4	So I usually love this Carl's, the food is always great and fresh and the employees at incredibly friendly. However, I always order the low carb six dollar guacamole bacon burger (say that 3x fast! ) and sometimes, understandably, its hard for the people in the drive-thru to catch all of what I'm saying. So I say it slow and they repeat it back to me to make sure they got it right.There's a couple employees who get it right, but it seems like there's always some issue. Either I'm charged for a low carb burger and I get one with a bun (which is fine because the LC is cheaper and I just take off the bun) or, like tonight, there is no guacamole or bacon. This is already after they initially forgot the LC part and I had to say the whole thing over again.Not really complaining because this burger is comfort food for me regardless, and I guess people don't order these burgers very often,  its just a pet peeve. But everything else here is stellar for a fast food place.
3	Their food is good when prepared correctly but the staff isn't that friendly and forget about having it your way! Milkshakes are runny ( I asked for a thick one) and way too much sauce on the Avocado, bacon, jack cheese burger.
5	You can order lunch at breakfast. sold!
1	Worst experience I ever had. I was making my order and she totaled it before I was done. Ummm no!!! Look here, learn how to listen and take orders. She said she couldn't hear me but I was already pretty much yelling into the speaker box. train your employees better!!!
