4	Food from my past (continued)This is one of those small mom and pop places that has been around for many years yet most people do not know that it even exist. I used to live in the area  when I was a kid and after a trip here recently I find that somethings do not change. The family that owns this place has been cranking out affordable yet great tasting food for three generations now. That is over 30 years experience in a building the size of a bedroom. With that tradition comes pride in the service, and food they serve. No this is not P.F. Chang's (over rated and not really that good in my opinion) or one of those nasty buffets that make you wish you had just decided to eat at home. No, this is great food the way it is supposed to be. Calling this stuff good would be an understatement. It is more like additive! Not sure of what they put in it but one bite and you will be hooked LOL. Seriously try the shrimp or pork fried rice and you will be going from a pint (their smallest size) to a quart (their largest) of the stuff. They also serve sweet and sour chicken, egg foo young, three types of soup, egg rolls and Pepsi to drink (sorry no coke products here). Also since this is a small mom and pop place I do not remember them excepting credit or debit cards so bring cash. They are not expensive a $20 should buy more than enough for a family to eat and leave you will a few dollars in your pocket. The thing that makes this place great is that they are family owned meaning that dad is in the back cooking up your order while the oldest son watches and chops the veggies. The mom is still in the front taking orders from customers then yelling them to the back while the younger son does his homework or is told to go and sweep out in front of the store.With all the chain places popping up these rare gems are becoming harder to find. They represent hard work, dedication, and in my case the past. Support them.Case Closed
2	To say we didn't fit in was a bit of a understatement, but my co workers have gotten used to this feeling when they go to lunch with me.Hidden in a old small strip mall is Garden express. Inside is a menu board,  a order window and a few chairs to wait at, not eat at. In this respect it is like the Rtio's of Chinese food.The look of the place is old and dirty, the menu board has a fair amount of dirt on it.Unable to locate a vegetable dish or tofu I asked what they had w/o meat.  This limited me to lo mein, chow mein or rice with veggies.  I went with the former. I ordered the large at $6.50 + .50 for chilli oil. My co workers got the lunch combo of orange chicken, rice, lomein and wonton chips for $4 (or $5 with a massive egg roll).My noodles were over price, and uninspired. A few piece of broccoli was the only veggie of note in it, the MSG was obvious and the chili oil was not even that hot.My co worker liked the sides but did not like the chicken.I was hoping to find a gem in the rough, instead I just found the rough.PS Cash Only!
3	Its ok for in a ghetto
