3	Regular bowling alley- they do that weird thing where they want you to leave a shoe as a 'hostage' since you might run off with their old, stinky, sweat-filled rental shoes.  Umm, no, thanks, since my shoes cost  lot more than your nasty shoes.  Keep a flip-flop in your bag just in case...Great bar- it's enormous!
4	I have enjoyed this bowling alley for many years and it was also a frequent hang out for when I was in middle school! It has gotten a lot more trendy and commercial with time but that is to be expected, the shoes are always kept up very nice, there is no shortage in bowling balls, their food is spectacular and the people are pretty nice too! The lanes have been kept up very well! They also have an arcade in the building as well as a bar for lanes or an entire bar for just bar goers! That is pretty gosh-darn nifty! The bar is a little more towny and also has karaoke on some nights (Friday night when I was there) but they have a cool loft with 2 pool tables and 2 dart boards. It was a lot of fun! This place has to be one of the nicer bowling alleys i've been to in my time and I will always come back to good 'ol Ten Pin. Oh... one another thing... it is $11 for 2 games... Which, is kind of a lot but isn't the end of the world, Friday nights there are also $1.50 miller and bud taps! So it can work itself out!
1	First time here and we received terrible customer service.  I usually don't write many reviews but as a marketing major I was in shock.  We stood at the counter for several minutes waiting to see about getting a bowling lane and then were cut in front of by a group a people who were eagerly greeted, the guy announcing orders over the intercom sounded absolutely irritated and like he hated life and then when we were finally helped at the counter we were told we could bowl if we could get done in 50 minutes or less.  The whole experience was extremely unpleasant and we will never return and I will never recommend.
4	This has become our local bowling alley.  It's big and can accomodate some great crowds but the staff are generally friendly and the deals are great.  The lanes are also kept in great condition.
4	We play trivia here on Thursday nights and it is an enjoyable time.  The best thing about the place is our waitress who I believe is named Karen.  She does an awesome job.  She has our drink orders down and just confirms them quickly before bringing them when we arrive.  She is attentive throughout the two and a half hours we are there playing trivia without being bothersome.  The food is kind of mediocre, the normal "bar food" choices, burgers, appetizers, sandwiches/wraps and pizzas.  The burgers and fries are good, but I do not care for the buns they use.  For some reason they don't work for me.  Wraps are good and chicken strips with a side of ranch seem to be my old stand by.  Have not actually bowled here, but a fun place to play trivia!
3	Ten Pin is that bar I go to when I really don't know where else to go.  The bar happens to be close to a few friends houses so it is often a place that is decided on when no one wants to go to far from home. The prices are decent but don't expect chipper of overly friendly bartenders because you won't find them here. I have been here a few times on Friday nights and it can get pretty rowdy!  The crowd is always a lot of fun though it can teeter on slightly older than I'd prefer.  They also have great specials during game days.  Oh!  Their parking lot is also really large so no driving around forever trying to find a decent spot.All in all I like this place for what it is, a no frills bar with decent drink prices.
5	Great local place to go for bowling, and enjoy time with friends and family, summer time is nice to sit out on the patio have a few drinks with friends and watch some volleyball...
4	I've played in the summer sand volleyball league here for the past couple years.  Ten Pin is a great place to play volleyball.  They have 3 courts, and there is a huge outdoor seating area which is typically pretty busy on a summer night when there is league volleyball.  They also have nice incentives for winning the league (free shirts and $75 gift card).  Their version of a pitcher race is also pretty nice because you don't race people...if you drink X number of pitchers, you get a quarter barrel.  Ten Pin will also let you use the sand vball courts on Sundays since there is no league play on Sundays.  The refs and bartenders for the vball league are great.  My only complaint is that the outdoor waitresses were consistently mediocre servers.  They kind of just ignore you, so it can be a challenge to place an order or get service from them in general.  You're best off ordering from the bar since they will bring the food to your table.  The food is pretty decent.  I would rate the food a 3.5.
3	Came here for the Thursday night trivia as we had a bigger group than would be able to sit comfortably at our usual trivia spots. The food is your typical bar food- burgers, sandwiches- but they seemed to do them well, and almost all of our ten orders came out as ordered and any flubs weren't big enough to mention or remember. My patty melt was cooked as I asked and satisfying. Due to the crowds it could be a little noisy for trivia playing (particularly when the sound system for the trivia announcer went out), but there's not much you can do about that in a bowling alley/bar!
5	We were trying to find somewhere cheap with some decent food in the Madison area. After reading some not so great reviews we decided on this promising joint. It was a short drive from where we wanted to head afterwards and they're cool with you leaving any cars in their parking lot for any amount of time, even overnight.The bar was definitely top notch, especially for a bowling alley. The food was fantastic.  Great sandwiches and burgers, appetizers, and more variety than you'd expect from a venue of this sort. Fast, friendly service topped it all off. Bowling is super SUPER cheap on Mondays and most weekdays. Standard fare as that goes; plenty of lanes and balls to choose from. And to those who make a big deal about them borrowing a shoe, grow up. Highly recommended for some fun with friends or just a few drinks.
3	Had my birthday bash here and it was a ton of fun! Tons of lanes and busy on weekend nights. Food is decent. We had some wings and two large pizzas (supreme and spicy chicken). It's your typical bar type food.Games were reasonable priced. I thought it was weird they only took 1 shoe for shoe rentals which means you have to keep one shoe with you clogging up your lane. I suppose it might clog up their register area....Bonus: for all you dance fanatics, they have a full up, non-imitation, DDR arcade game here. As in DANCE DANCE REVOLUTION! Bring your sneaks because you'll break a sweat from dancing!Good food, good bowling, good fun!
3	Not a bad bowling alley! Not my favorite in Madison, but when I lived here I went here pretty often. I've never liked the staff. They're always really douchey and rude. The lanes are good, but occasionally they over oil them. I tend to have an issue finding a public ball here that I like. The shoes are always fine. The food is ok. The prices as far as drinks and food go are a little too much in my opinion. The price for everything else is average. My friends and I have had issues with the parking lot during the super snowy parts of winter.Honorable mention, an old Star Wars game in the arcade area! My friends and I practically fought over it when we saw it.
5	I go for the bar, food, and people. Can't say I have bowled there but I do frequently visit. It's a good bar to stop in and just relax for a bit. Patio is nice in the summer time, plenty of room to just relax with friends or family. The staff keeps me coming back. Kitchen can be hit or miss depending on who's cooking. But for the most part your bartenders will work with you. Enjoy some darts, pool, volleyball, or some bar dice. Overall, since I moved here it is like a hidden gem that reminds me of home. Defiantly worth a visit
3	Grrrr...I'm still not over getting the final question wrong from our trivia night at Ten Pin Alley.  Trivia is offered every night all over town, but there are not to many places you can play trivia followed by a few games of bowling.  Plus, FREE POPCORN!!!The food was good and there were lots of drinks to choose from.  My only complaint was when I ordered a Point Special and instead got a special type of Point, which was very dark and tasted like a headache.All in all though, I will be back to get that final question right.
