5	Best copy store in Tempe! Okay, I might have worked for them for 3.5 years, but the people are awesome and prices are competitive.
5	I've passed by this place quite a few times while going to ASU and never thought much of it -- that is, up until last night, when a potential design client of mine wanted to meet up the next afternoon to discuss creating a business card for her... And I had no business cards of my own to share! Looks pretty bad, right? Well, after hours of struggling with my own printer, I finally gave up and decided to call in the professionals. FedEx Office was nice enough, but they said they charge around $20 for 100 B&W one-sided cards. Well that's all fine and dandy, but I needed a much smaller amount and my cards were designed to be double-sided, full color.I remembered The Alternative last minute and called them up this morning. The staff member who answered (Kim, I believe) was friendly and very helpful. Through e-mails we set up all the details and she had my cards printed in an hour for about a dollar a sheet. The paper is good quality and the cards look great! I will definitely be using The Alternative again. The interior of the place looks hip and fun, and I wouldn't mind hanging out there waiting for some printing jobs to be done. Definitely check them out if you need great printing services in Tempe!
3	Oh, The Alternative. Just as quickly as you've won me over, you've gone and disappointed me. What a  shame. I ordered business cards via e-mail and, unfortunately, they were not printed to my specifications. Okay, no big deal, mistakes happen. The problem that really irked me was how the staff handled the situation when I went to pick up my cards in-store.The woman at the counter pretty much just shrugged off the error. I told her things weren't right and explained my intended order. It was clear that I was very dissatisfied and no one seemed to care. Her response to my concerns? "Try to make sure you're more clear next time."Um?It wasn't my fault that the order was printed incorrectly - the misunderstanding was on their end, yet I wasn't even offered an apology for the mix-up.The Alternative's services are very quick and fairly cheap, and Kim (who I've worked with both times) is absolutely wonderful. She works hard to keep customers satisfied and e-mailed me back right away regarding the issues I encountered. I did appreciate that, hence the 3 stars. But, the customer service behind the counter was enough to convince me they definitely don't deserve the 5 star review I left last time.
1	I was forced to use this company because my professor at ASU used them as part of our required reading material. (He gave them material to copy and bind which was then sold to the students of this particular class). This place is a joke! First of all, the copy job they did could have been done better by a 5 year old, pages were missing which required us to "locate an alternative source" for the required reading material, they were really slow on delivery because they were "shorthanded" at the store, if they mail it to you they charge an arm and a leg, and the price they charged for their "professional" job was OUTRAGEOUS!!! Keep away from this place if you can help it, one star is even too good for them!
2	I'm all for local and alternative businesses but c'mon, if you're going to compete with FedEx down the street you'll need to level up your regard for customer service. I walked in to print something from a thumb drive. They weren't busy at all and when I asked to print it they directed me to their computer to do it myself, which inadvertently cost me an extra $1, for a print job that should have cost less than $2. I was then told after checking out that I could have avoided that fee of using their computer by having an attendant print my stuff for me, which would normally have a turn around time, but since there was no one there, it would have taken no time at all. Good looking out guys. At least FedEx doesn't charge you for misprints that you don't keep anyways.
5	I had an awesome experience designing wedding invitations at the Alternative this week. Their graphic designer is super awesome and the surrounding staff is very friendly. My invitations were designed and printed so quickly and the experience was easy and enjoyable. Love it!!
5	I only had a simple word doc to print; needed 17 copies. They were the cheapest and super quick. Glad I went there.
1	I went in to get a quote on a canvas print. The staff at the counter was very helpful and I clearly explained what I needed. I got a quote of $15-20 for the print with a 5 business day turnaround.  I was happy to give my business to a neighborhood establishment, so I placed my order. Unfortunately, I received a message the following week saying that the canvas print would be $50 for what I had ordered. I wasn't about to pay that amount and asked if we could adjust the 3" border of white to a 2" border for $32 canvas print. He said yes, but would need another 4 business days to complete.  This was totally unacceptable since I was expecting a call to pickup my order that I placed a week earlier on that afternoon. I had explained that I was on a time crunch when I placed the order. I would have paid the $32 if it would have been done in the time frame they had told me. But, I might suggest that when you give a quote on a specific service for a very specific size/output, that you be somewhat close.  $15-20 quote that becomes $50 actual price? Really? Thanks but no thanks.
1	Worst customer service ever. And the print quality isn't even worth it. Warning if you use the 'self serve' computer and printer, it's a dollar per 5 minutes, and when nothing works that you need to have done, 3 dollars later all you have are two black and white copies of the documents you needed least. Apparently it's also forbidden to help the customer on the self serve. Never coming back here, they do not deserve my business even if they are a local business.
1	The copy shop was very clumsy and unorganized. I'd rather drop my class than to be forced to buy anything from The Alternative. I had to buy a course reader for my class from this company. I paid for it online and went to pick it up when I was notified. I told the guy there that I am picking up online order and told my name. He brought the reader and was going to charge me again. I explained that I already paid for it; he talks to the lady for some time. Finally, he returned and handed me another reader. My course reader wasn't holding very well and fell apart first days of use. Prints weren't very clear, so it was difficult to read some of the pages.
1	I have given them so much business, even took visitors from out of town there. Never again! Complete rip off in every way. They are there strictly to cash in on ASU, believing that everyone within a 100 mile radius has tons of money and they do everything to steal your hard earned money! Best to find another copy and print store or better yet, buy your own copier, fax, printer. After they totally stole from me today, I went straight to best buy and bought my own. Their business license needs to be pulled. Thieves, nothing but thieves!
2	I've lived in Tempe many years and had not set foot in this place until just recently.  I needed some 11 by 17 posters printed, which I'm used to getting at CopyMax.  This place was on my way back to the office, so I decided to give them a shot.Long story short, I needed 25 11x17 black-and-white copies on colored paper.  I was informed that they don't have colored 11x17, only white.  Umm, what?  This is a pretty basic request.  The gentleman asked if I wanted to do them on white paper, and I reluctantly agreed.  (In the end, colored paper wasn't crucial, but still.)  He told me they would be ready in a few hours, but ended up calling me about an hour and a half later letting me know they were ready for pickup.  One of the reasons I have been going to Copymax in the first place is because they can complete the work while I wait."The Alternative" implies that they are an alternative to chain print shops, but if they can't produce the same work, what's the point?
1	I went in at 4PM to use one of their industrial paper cutters to cut four large photographs down to size. Woman at the counter: "That'll be $1 per cut." I said no thanks. "Oh, wait... you can use the paper cutter upstairs." I said thanks and walked upstairs. No paper cutter to be found. Woman (from downstairs): "Oh, you know what, we're getting ready to close so we put it away. You can come in tomorrow." Nope. Further, they close at 6PM. You mean to tell me that you spend the final two hours of your shift "getting ready to close" and putting away a paper cutter that you refuse to get back out for a customer to cut four sheets of his own paper. I live in the neighborhood and it's disheartening that my local print show is so illogically opposed to helping customers. Won't be coming back.
3	Got some average printing done here a couple of times. I recently noticed they have closed. I go to Think! Graphics on University now.
