5	This is technically an "Authorized Campus Store" as opposed to an Apple-owned store.  So, this location is a joint operation between UIUC and Apple.Even so, the service is exactly the same as you would find in an Apple-owned store.  This store has a full selection of MacBooks, iPhones, and other Apple products.  The service is fast and friendly, and they even allow you to make computer repair reservations online!Update (3/11/11):The Illini Tech Center carries Macs, iPods, iPads, and software (but not iPhones). They are owned by Illini Media and aren't part of the University.
3	This is not a full-on Apple Store, so don't expect the world of them. Their in-store stock is somewhat limited and they really dont have much in the way of software. One cool thing is that the educational discount is already applied to all items, and you just have to affirm that you are entitled to receive it.They have nice people working here who definitely want to help you, but they may or may not possess all the Mac smarts that they profess to you. Case in point: I went in for a Mac Mini and it was determined that the best course of action would be to order it online and have it shipped (went off w/o a hitch, 6 days later). The guy at the IL Apple Center said I would need a certain adapter for the Mac Mini to attach to my monitor (which had a DVI input). Fact of the matter is the Mac Mini comes with just such a cable in the box. I spent $18 when I did not need to (and unfortunately I opened the package and lost the receipt).
1	One of the worst customer service on campus... I asked for help in reformatting my iPhone. The man gave me incomplete instructions so I hung up and tried to figure it out myself but have gotten nowhere. I called back again and asked for help. This was our conversation: "I'm sorry. We don't support apple products.""What does that mean?""We only sell them but we don't promote them.""So you sell them but you won't help your customers with apple products?""That's correct.""But I called before and you just helped me.""We don't support apple products." "Can I speak with your manager please?""This is him speaking.""Are there any other apple stores in town?""No. This is the only one.""So let me get this straight. You're the only apple store in town that sell apple products but you won't help your apple customers?""That is correct."Moral of the story: we need a new apple store on campus and fire that manager who works there.
2	They have most of the basics re: Apple products, but the most lackluster employees I've seen in a long time.  The guy who "helped" us seemed so massively distracted by the phone call another employee was making (I think via skype) on an iPod touch, that he literally didn't hear us asking questions right next to him.  It was very weird.  His attention span lasted for about 40 seconds max. Then again, I'm used to LA, where most (if not all) sales associates are wannabe actors.  Maybe I'm just spoiled by their unnaturally sunny disposition and extra-attentiveness.
3	I recently received a friendly message from the store manager stating that they were working to improve on the issues I spoke about, through extended training, etc.  Kudos to them for using feedback on Yelp to better their customer service, and it's earned them another star.
5	I have been using the Illini Tech Center since they opened. Their service is quick and the techs really know their stuff. My son went to college in Missouri where they supposedly have the best campus Apple center in the country. When his hard drive failed, it took them over a week to swap it out for a new one. It was very impersonal. In contrast, I have had many hard drive failures over the past few years on my various computers, and the Illini Tech Center usually fixes the problem within a day or two if the part is in stock. The online tech appointment tool is useful and I have never had to wait for service nor to get my questions answered. I recommend this place most highly. The only negative would be that parking is expensive and difficult to find.
5	I had some problems with my Mac laptop this past summer and I brought it to the Illini Tech Center. They had diagnosed the problem within two or three days and, having called me to let me know what was wrong with the computer, had it repaired within another couple of days. The repair fell under my warranty, so I didn't have to pay anything. The staff were very professional and knew what they were talking about. We don't have an Apple Store in Chambana, but as far as service goes the Illini Tech Center is a fine substitute.
1	The customer service is terrible. I would prefer to go somewhere else if this is not the only Apple authorized store in campus.I had problem with my Mac the other day and came there to fix it. A technician guy listed it as accidental damage tier 4 and required me to pay nearly 900 bucks to fix it even though I still have AppleCare. He also told me that it would take few months to have it back because he couldn't do it and had to ship it somewhere. I went to a actual Apple store in Chicago and had it fixed for free and just in 30 minutes! Cost me 6 hours of driving.What really pissed me off wasn't because of the money (I know how much it would cost to replace the logic board) but mainly because of his attitude. He wasn't being helpful at all and was very conceited.
5	I've had several great interactions with the sales and service staff at the Illini Tech Center.  They talked me through several options when considering an upgrade to my laptop's hard drive last summer, and never tried to sell me something I didn't need.  They also clearly talked through the options and costs of the services that they provided, but, each time, gave me enough of a walk through that I could also choose to do some of these things on my own, if I wanted to.  They helped me navigate the options of various software updates with patience and kindness.  I found them incredibly helpful!  I had my laptop back within two days and it was expertly updated, along with my old hard drive returned to me perfectly in tact.Last week I brought in the same laptop when it wouldn't go to sleep, and they not only diagnosed the problem with me for FREE, but told me how to fix it and walked me through the entire process FOR FREE.  They probably could have charged me $70 for this, but did not.  They then ran a few other tests on my laptop, again for FREE, to ensure that it was not in need of a logic board replacement, per a previous Apple recall on my particular model.  It really was a very helpful visit.  As a result, my laptop is back to it's old self again and running perfectly.  I'm very impressed!There are few options for Apple repair in our area, but we're lucky to have this one!
5	I actually had a really good experience with the customer service here.  I spilled coffee on my macbook pro so I ruined several things (optical drive, hard drive, top case, track pad).  It was expensive to fix (about $650) but that was still way less than the cost of a new computer and it would have cost more had I gone to an Apple store (I was also told that sometimes Apple flat out refuses to deal with liquid damage).  They saved me money by replacing my hard drive with a non-Apple one (it is not covered under Apple warranty, but if I have problems I can bring my laptop to Illni Tech Center and they wil fix it).  The initial $69 diagnostic fee is waved if they have to repair your machine, so all I payed for were the repairs.  They also migrated my data to the new hard drive at no extra charge.  Also, I brought my computer in on Tuesday morning and it was ready for me by Thursday morning.  Another time I came in because my power cord stopped working.  It was covered under Apple Care, so in a matter of minutes I walked out of the store with a functioning new power cord at no charge.I would definitely recommend this place to a friend!
1	This isn't even an Apple store. They're just authorized to sell Apple products. Why Champaign-Urbana has three Wal-Marts and no Apple store is mystifying. But I digress.Prepare to be treated with disdain by some Parkland dropout who acts like he's God because he gets to stand behind a counter and wear a badge. I was greeted with, 'What's your problem.' Not, 'How may I help you?' or 'What seems to be the problem?'. The entire time he acted extremely put-upon, and acted like I was asking him to do me a huge favor that he didn't want to do, instead of doing his job. I got so sick of his attitude I just left and drove to another store to get my computer fixed.. PS) they fixed it in three days, and for about 30% of what he told me it would cost.Here's a tip: if you don't like your job, man, then quit. If you can't quit, then at least put a smile on your face and stop making everyone so uncomfortable with your passive-aggressiveness.
5	The staff here are wonderful. I've been having troubles with my Mac lately, and they really help me a lot. I've been happy with their service, and they symbolize the Apple customer service standard
5	My charger went bad the night before two projects were due.  I brought the charger in without the comp and was told for the apple care warranty to be used, they needed to physically see the comp.  The guy was really nice about it and gave me the heads up that if I could get the comp and be back in the store within 15 minutes he would still honor my appointment time or that he could set another appointment for an hour later.  I thought it was really great that he showed respect for my time.  When I got back they took care of me right away and 20 minutes later I was on my way with a new charger.
5	Kudos to Illini Tech Center for providing honest service and advice.  I brought in a cracked iPod touch, and while they weren't able to fix it there they provided me with the contact information for AppleCare.  I came in here once before for a power supply issue, and they were very friendly.
