5	So much fun and I found so many new places to shop that I didn't even know existed! My favorite is the tea shop on stetson and 5th. I bought tea that I can't wait to try. It was fun running all over old town Scottsdale taking crazy pics with my mom and Linda. We ended at Fifth and Wine who had some amazing apps for us to try. Great prizes for the winners...congrats! I can't wait to go back to lots of the shops and spend a lot more time shopping. So nice to learn about all these local places to support. Great job Lindsey and Local First!!!
5	The Scavenger Hunt was such a great way to start the Christmas season and discover new local shops . The weather was perfect, there are so many neat places in old town that I never knew existed, I couldn't ask for a better day. It's dangerous for me to work up the road from old town,  because there several places I want to revisit and do some damage to my wallet. Baratin is on my list of spots to check out. Shop Local!!!! Thank you once again Lindsey!
5	So. Much. Fun.We really thought we wouldve been in the top 2 since the majority of places we went told us that we were the 1st people they saw, but a big congrats to the actual winners anyway. ;)Lindsey U. and I had so much stinkin fun trying to figure out the clues and running around Old Town. We discovered a few places that we'd never heard of that we'll likely be back to, finally made it to a few places we'd heard of but never made it to before Sun, and were "required to visit at least two old faves.Cant wait for the next one! Thanks Lindsey and Local First!
4	This was alot of fun and a great way for me to check out many places in Old Town that I have never been. Lindsey had us partake in a scavenger hunt armed with a map and clues to find various places. I love that she started us at Orange Table (I had a mimosa) and end at 5th and Wine. My personal favorites that I visited (and had never been) were Fashion by Robert Black (the most incredible vintage finds), Outrageous Olive Oils (still thinking about the truffle oil), Art of Merlot (bought a gift certificate to return) and 5th and Wine. The only reason I rated this 4 stars is that I felt like there were too many places to find if you wanted to win a prize. In a period of 2.5 to 3 hours, Dolores G and I went to so many places and were exhausted! And then we didn't even come close to winning! lol. I don't care about that but I would have LOVED more time to spend in the various business without feeling rushed to compete. But.....I do feel like this shopping crawl introduced me to some new places that I really like. I would do again, all day long, but probably not be compelled to compete for a prize and rather leisurely explore.
5	What a fun shopping day! I found so many places I had never been and will be going back to. It was a lot of fun finding the clues and completing the challenges. Had a lot of laughs and met some really great people. Thank you Lindsey for your work organizing this. I have been wanting to try Fifth and Wine for some time and was happy that we ended there. I will be going back! The fries were amazing!
4	We did not participate in the shopping crawl but next year I will make it happen.  My husband and I did come early to explore the shops on 5th Ave, it's been forever since we walked up and down 5th Ave to see what shops, salons and restaurants were around.  We checked out a few shops and we told them about our YELP event happening.....they were intrigued and happy to know an event like this was happening.  Morning Breeze.....we loved this little establishment and we can't wait to go back.  We loved the staff and  the bartenders.  The entire setup is absolutely adorable.  I love the colors and the open patio and the brunch options they served.  Everything they served was delicious.  Lindsey was in fine form....always energetic and making this event so much fun.  Can't wait to go back!
4	Super fun event, even on a chilly rainy day! We arrived too late to get in on the scavenger hunt so we visited the awesome shops in the area on our own. We did meet up again at the end of the event for the brunch at Morning Squeeze, which was a ton of fun. Yelp raffled off some fantastic prizes too! Thanks for a great time Lindsey!
5	I just caught the tail end of this event but enjoyed it.  My wife Marisa did every participating shop.  Some like Michael did every shop and even a dozen that weren't :-)
4	We were a touch late to the event but it was great fun anyway. Lunch afterwards was great after walking all around town. The shops were nice. And as usual Lindsey organized a great event. Thanks for hosting the brunch, Morning Squeeze!
