3	This review applies to lunch only.  This place has great atmosphere, but the food was inconsistent.  I had a tandoori chicken wrap.  The chicken itself was super great with a surprising hint of cardamom, but the rice in the wrap was underseasoned and could have used some sort of relish or condiment.  Also the complementary bread seemed like it had been toasted to restore "freshness" rather than being fresh.  The butter was ice cold to the point of being crunchy.  The service was friendly enough but slow, I would guess it will take some time to iron out those kinks.  I will give it another shot to see if they have improved in a few weeks.
4	Akil, our waiter was great. The calamari - awesome. I loved my filet and the potatoes with it. My husband had a decadent rissotto dish. We both loved it!
3	Fun bar but the food is not so great. Salads are pretty good, but stay away from the Jerk Chicken skewers. They have no spice on them. Just very bland grilled chicken. The guy really needs to visit Nagril (Jamaica) and buy some real Jerk Chicken from a late night street vendor.
2	Meh, I'm really not impressed.  I haven't eaten here yet....and I would give the food a try at some point.  I just didn't have the best service when I've visited and that's oh so important to moi.  I went for a quick stop in before the Pirates game.  The Happy Hour special is actually really great with them offering $2 drafts.  The service, however, left much to be desired.  I'm pretty much blind and can never see the tap choices unless they're right in front of me.  So I asked the bartender if he could let me know what was on tap.  He started to name them off facing the opposite direction of me.  I couldn't hear him to save my life, so I asked him to repeat it.  He let out an exasperated sigh and repeated them while facing the opposite direction, AGAIN!  I gave up and got the only drink I barely heard, the Blueberry Pilsner.  It was ok, but I was frustrated, so I didn't really get what I wanted.I do love the front area of the space with the openness of the front windows for the summer months.  Is it bad to want to try a place only for their decor?  I shall be back to try the food, so I'm warning you Melange, don't disappoint me again!
1	Avoid this place like the plague.  The food has gone way down hill and the atmosphere is thug-like.  Music sucks! On thursday nights they have private security working the door.  I was physically assaulted and battered to the ground by one them.  Tall guy with dark hair and a mustache.  My offence--having a cigarette at the door.  Would never go there again.
1	I agree with a number of the other reviewers in regards to MELANGE'S atmosphere: I'm generally not a fan of eateries with dark lighting, but they pull it off well. That's about all the points I can give them.I went there with a date for Valentine's Day, because they offered a holiday special on Facebook (3 courses for two for $29.99, inc. salad, main course of crab cakes, chicken parmesan, or lasagna, and dessert), which seemed great. My date also had a discount card for there which she was hoping to apply toward our meal. Not knowing how busy they would be, I agreed to call ahead to make reservations.I called several times during the course of the day on Valentine's Day and no one ever picked up. If you can't answer your phone, you must not be interested in potential business.When we arrived around 5:15pm, there was practically no one there, which surprised us. The music was up very loud, and was typical banal club fare. We took a booth, and were eventually waited on by the lone bartender. She was nice, but in short order we found out they didn't actually have their advertised V-Day special available (because "their food hadn't been delivered" for the day, but we could wait to see if that changed), we couldn't use our discount card because of the holiday (even though there was no one else there to speak of), their food menu was limited to bar munchies, and they only had three kinds of wine.Lame.One more quibble: the bartender kept running her hands through her hair, which was very long and dark. This may have just been a habit on her part, but I'm particular about my food, and the thought of this person potentially serving my food after playing with her hair grossed me out. That's just a big no-no.We ordered two drinks and and went to get actual food at CAFE MILANO, right down the street. With a host of choices in Downtown Pittsburgh, a number of which being right along Penn Avenue and less than a block from here, I doubt I'll try MELANGE again.
