4	There's a new In-N-Out Burger on Tropicana just west of the 215.  At any given time, there's a drive-through line that snakes across the parking lot and an In-N-Out employee assigned to manage the traffic.  With all the activity surrounding In-N-Out, it would be very easy to miss a small mom-and-pop Thai restaurant directly across the street.  It's tucked behind a Goodyear tire shop, right behind the Carl's Jr.  Actually, if you weren't looking for it you'd probably miss it altogether.There aren't many good asian restaurants in this zip code, so Corner Thai Kitchen is convenient and saves me a drive down to Spring Mountain (AKA that street with all the Chinese restaurants on it).  We ordered some simple Thai dishes - Pad Thai, Panang Curry Chicken, and Pineapple fried rice.  If a Thai restaurant can't get these right, it's not worth going to.  The Panang Chicken and pineapple fried rice were good, but the Pad Thai needed to be redone because it was a tad salty.  The staff remade it without hesitation and it came out in just a few minutes.  The second time was just right.  Prices are very reasonable ($6.95-$9.95 for dinner entrees).  They even have lunch specials for $5.95 (haven't had a chance to try it though).If you feel guilty after shopping at Wal Mart and contributing to the demise of small business, you can grab a bite at Corner Thai Kitchen and feel a little bit better about yourself.Rating: 3 stars, but a bonus star for potential.  There are more authentic dishes on the menu that I need to try.
5	My Wife is from Thailand and I love pad thai chicken.  Most of the Thai restaurants in Las Vegas don't serve traditional Thai food its more American Thai Style.  My wife ordered the Green Curry with Beef and I ordered the Pad Thai Chicken.  Both were so "Alloy mak mak" Thai for Yummy so much.  I highly recommend this place and the owner is a hell of a painter/artist also.
1	Items ordered:-Tom Kha soup-Green Curry with pork-Beef Nom Tok saladIt looks like we need to venture out further from the neighborhood for better Thai food. Of the several Thai restaurants we frequent in Vegas, we are disappointed with Corner Thai. We were the second table of patrons inside the eatery. The next table already had several dishes out already. It took almost 25 minutes for the soup to come out. Flavor was lacking. The curry came out next and was only lukewarm and we had to have it reheated. The curry was on the watery side and the coconut milk they use is of substandard quality as evidenced in the soup. The beef Nam Tok salad was the most satisfying dish of the trio we ordered. Both of us had to share a single bowl of rice, though we could ask for more. They should have given us one bowl of rice each.We had a $10 off coupon which made the meal more affordable, but due to the quality, I would have been upset if I had to pay full price. To make matters worse, the credit card machine wasn't working and there was no "cash only" sign. Definitely a one-visit place.
3	Only decided on choosing this place because it was literally within a minute of my house, and I didn't feel like driving 15 minutes to Archi's. It's a small place, a little hard to spot, in a location where multiple restaurants have been before. Within 5 years I've seen 2 separate Chinese restaurants and a teriyaki place come and go without success. I wanted to keep it safe so I ordered a beef pad thai and the spicy basil beef dish to go. Average portions, sliigghtly above average food. Nothing spectacular about this place, although it'd help if were a tad bit cheaper. I also notice the menu was almost an exact replica of Archi's thai kitchen. 3 stars for no major problems and quick, friendly service.
4	Finally a good Thai restaurant in this area. I always try the pad Thai at any new place because if you can't make a good pad Thai then what's the use. Have had the pad Thai, pad see ew, pad pak and Thai egg rolls. Chicken, beef or pork all have been melt in your mouth tenderness. Have dined in once at lunch, specials are good. Take out is good food still piping hot egg rolls crisp thanks to the corners being cut off of the Styrofoam container. to let the moisture out.Overall I would like too see this place make it, it's location isn't the best but the food is good and workers very nice. Give it a try. Heat scale 1-10Its in the carl Jrs parking lot. next to the tire shop.
4	So far one if the best thai places in town! Small place with friendly staff. Spouse loves the crab fried rice. I Like the tofu soup and pad see eww. Definately reccomended!
3	Can not compare to Archi's.  The wor wanton was very bad, do not recommend at all, but the mangolian chicken wouldnt have been bad if i wasnt use to eating it from Archi's. I only went there due to it being close to my house
5	Ever since experiencing Authentic Thai Beef Noodle Soup in Bangkok, we have been searching for the real deal in Las Vegas.Finally, our older Thai friend told us about Corner Thai Kitchen and mentioned that they have the Thai Beef Noodle Soup and alone it deserves 5 stars!! I can't wait to go back and try the other items on the menu!!
5	Best papaya salad and Thai beef noodle soup. I can eat these every day. Very friendly employees and owner.
4	Do the chicken sausage and crab app it did me an I liked it. I ordered the red curry for lunch. I asked for a 7 out of 10 on the spicy scale and I think it was a 12. I love spicy food and I loved this but beware if you like it mild to medium. Finished off with the coconut ice cream which put out the fire. Overall very good.
3	I've gotten take out from this place a couple times because it's close to my house. Both times I've gotten dishes from their "Lunch Specials" section of the menu. The chicken pad thai was very good but the kung pao chicken was average, at best. They really skimped on the chicken. Each special is $5.95 and comes with a scoop of rice, egg roll and a fried wonton. The dining area is small. The staff was friendly. They deliver. Decent food if you want a quick meal.
4	Love the crab fried rice (#7 spicy)!
4	This place doesn't beat Thai Style Noodle House but it isn't too bad at all. I ordered the Koaw mun gai which is the steamed rice topped with boiled chicken with the Special Sauce. First of all most thai restuarants do not ever have this on the menu. i was very surprised they had this. I used to eat this all the time on the streets of thailand after going to clubs. It his the spot. The Sauce which is the main ingredient was perfect! The clear soup that always goes with this dish was flavorful which complimented this dish. My girlfriend ordered the Kaow Soi beef. Egg noodles in coconut milk and curry powder and beef (Northern Thai Style) and she said it was so delicious. I didn't get a chance to try it but it looked good. She ate the whole bowl of it. Great service, modern, and clean.
4	Recommended by our Thai friend and recommended by our Chinese friend 1 year ago (which I completely ignored, sorry Richard C!), we ventured to this strip mall gem Saturday night.  It is tucked away in a strip mall near the Southwest corner of Ft. Apache and Tropicana.  I let the hungry stomach take over by ordering almost too much food, but I just wanted to eat everything!The low down:1.  Crab Rangoons -  This is usually an item I only have at Chinese/American food places a la Panda Expresses and mom pop's, but I really wanted deep fried cream cheese wontons.  Bad decision.  The wonton wrapper was not extra crispy deep fried, but actually tasted like it was baked.  The filling was also too sweet.2.  Tom Yum Soup with Shrimp (level 5/10 spicy) - I enjoyed the soup's tangy and spicy robust flavors.  3.  Duck Fried Rice (off menu) - For some reason, I really wanted duck fried rice, so I asked if this was available off menu.  They did!  This was pretty delish, but it still doesn't beat my favorite Thai fried rice of spicy basil fried rice.4.  Chicken Yellow Curry (spicy level 1/10) - This was good, but could have used more heat.  We had to get it super mild because we had a little one with us.  Next time, we'll get 5/10 spicy level.5.  Chicken Pad Thai (5/10 spicy) - I think this was the winner of the night.  Just spicy enough.  Just tangy enough.  Just sweet enough. Perfect chewy rice noodles.  Two thumbs up.Conclusion:  For my pad thai cravings, Corner Thai is the place to go! 3.5/5 Stars.  Will have to go back and try other items on the menu and bring on the spicy!
4	On my most recent visit to Las Vegas, I stopped by a family friend's place to have dinner and they took me out to Cornet Thai Kitchen. At first glance, it just looks like an average Thai restaurant. However, right when I looked at the menu, the variety was so great and from what my friends told me, they import every spice they use directly from Thailand to keep the food as authentic as possible. Definite plus right there. Every dish we ordered was amazing. This place is known for their use of spices and spicy their food is! We ordered everything 4/10 and the papaya salad was probably the spiciest dish we had. Luckily we ordered fresh coconut juice to wash away some of the spice. Here's what was on the table:- papaya salad (4/10 spice)- green curry with pork (4/10 spice)- Garlic and Pepper Beef- Tom Yum Soup with Shrimp (4/10 spice)- Beef Larb- fresh coconut juiceI've never eaten at a restaurant off the strip before but this was definitely a great find. It's really close to my friend's house so whenever i visit, I'm coming here to fulfill any Thai food munchies that I may happen to have.Only downside is that the waitress wasn't THAT fluent in English, so that created a slight language barrier when ordering, but it's all good. Adds to the authenticity :)
4	Quick online ordering and efficient delivery, Corner Thai is a good option for delivery Thai cuisine.We order delivery from here about once a week.  The food is consistently good, not mind blowing fantastic.  The 4 Star recommendation is based on three factors: 1)  Great online ordering through the website.2)  Friendly staff, both delivery and in store.3)  Good food with good value.We usually order the Pineapple fried rice.  It has a nice nutty flavor along with some reasonable sugar, not too sweet.  It is served with sliced cucumbers on the side, which I find very refreshing to eat with the rice.  The rice features shrimp, chicken, cashews, pineapples, cilantro, onion, and a few other well balanced flavors.  You can specialize how hot you want your food (1-10)  I love serious heat, but I've found the level 10 spicy is just pure hot without much flavor.  Stay closer to an 8 if you want serious heat without compromising taste.After a long day of work think about staying in, logging on, and feasting out on some tasty thai temptations.
5	Authentic. Recently my mom moved back to Thailand and I miss her cooking. I wanted something that she used to cook for me. I ordered a dish that is actually not on the menu with no problem. I was impressed. Chinese broccoli with fried pork belly. When I went to another Thai restaurant nearby they were unable to whip it up. That's what makes this place authentic. They made it fast, and delicious, just like if I were ordering it right off the streets of Bangkok. However, unlike the streets of Bangkok were the prices. But everything imported is a little pricey and in this case, it's definitely worth it. This is the kind of Thai food that I'm used to. My mom never made Pad Thai or fried crab ran-goons for dinner. It was dishes like this that get me coming back for more.
5	Fantastic!A Thai friend took me here and we ordered several dishes to share.  That's the way to do it here!  Order several dishes, they're inexpensive, and pass them around.  We loved all of our dishes, some more than others.  The food was unique tasting to me but so delicious, just as delicious as five star restaurants without the worry of the price.  The restaurant was clean, service was prompt (even though there was one waitress), and I should mention again that the food was phenomenal.  Try the Thai iced tea and Thai iced coffee.  I was hesitant to because of the orange color of the drink but it's absolutely dreamy!  We can't wait to go back here when we can splurge on the calories (drinks probably as fattening as they are delish- but who cares if it's just once in a while splurge).
4	I was feeling lazy and hungry. That's the perfect combination for ordering in!I have heard of this place for a while and finally decided to check it out. I was concerned that my house would fall just outside the 5 mile radius they require from their shop for delivery, but luckily I just made it. They have very convenient online ordering and a wide variety of options. I ordered the Koaw Soi Beef, which I found delightful. I ordered a spicy level 6, just to be on the safe side and my fella got the sweet and sour pork. They both had the right about of spice level and were quite good, even after all the traveling the food had to do to get to our doorstep. Everything came in it's own separate package to keep it's consistency. The food was a great temperature and well-packaged.I also ordered a side of sticky rice to make my own little dessert with some leftover coconut ice cream we had in the fridge. All in all, I was quite happy with my experience. You can bet, the next time laziness overtakes me I'll be ordering from Corner Thai.
4	I had driven by and seen the sign for this place a few times since reviewing some other Thai places, but just got around to trying it a few days ago.  Corner Thai Kitchen is, fittingly, located in the corner unit of a strip mall.  Despite the wall of windows, there is nothing great about the view -- parking lot and auto shop.  But the interior is cozy and pleasant with a gurgling fish tank separating the entrance area from the seating area.As usual, I ordered my favorite Thai dish, panang.   And sticking to my vegetarian diet, I got the tofu panang -- along with my first iced Thai coffee.  The Thai coffee arrived in a tall glass full of ice and my first impression was that it had a smoked flavor -- as if the coffee beans had been smoked.  It was also sweet and creamy.  The more I tasted it, the more I enjoyed it.The tofu panang arrived in a boat-shaped ceramic dish.  Unlike other panangs I've had, this one had no peas or carrots, just red and green bell peppers, basil leaves, tofu, and the spicy coconut sauce.  While I've never had a panang I didn't like, I can't say I've ever had a version I liked more than this one.  It was delicious. The waitress and the other staff were very friendly and helpful.  The wait for the food was typical and the prices were reasonable.  I'd recommend Corner Thai Kitchen to any lover of Thai food.
1	Ok, Listen up. I wanted delivery, and this place had good reviews. I ordered Chicken Satay and Beef Num Tok salad.WARNING: I used the online order form. Which was stupid. Why? I realized after the fact that the ORDER FORM IS NOT SECURE. To all those hackers that have my credit card now: You're welcome!The order form asked how spicy I want my beef num tok, on a scale of 1 to 10. I said 3. The website says my total is $20.27. This includes their $2 delivery fee.Over an hour later, the order shows up. The receipt says I owe $24. I said, I thought it was about $20? I wasn't near my computer. She said, no this is how much it is. I trusted her. She was wrong! I tipped $4 and paid $28 for $17 worth of food. Yay!Then I brought my food inside. The satay was good. The beef num tok salad was HOT. I would rate it 7 on a spicy scale of 1 to 10. My mouth is on fire now. I have no idea why it's called a salad, as there's one piece of romain lettuce under a pile of scorching hot beef and cilantro. I got ripped off, the food was so-so and chances are someone is running up $500 in vodka in Romania right now. Fuck you, Corner Thai Kitchen.
1	I called Corner Thai Kitchen after I left my review (be sure to read it below!!!!). I told them everything I had a complaint about. They said I was a mile outside of their delivery range. Thanks for telling me ahead of time.I said your online order form isn't secure, which is illegal. She said "I don't know about that." I said, "Well now you do, because I'm telling you." She said "I'll have the owner call you later today."No call. No surprise! Then yesterday I get this lovely message via Yelp:"First of we want to thank you for your business and your comments.  We will improve on our part and we apologize.Corner Thai Kitchen"Oh gee, how lovely. No attempt to try and make things better for me. If you gave me a credit, I would have given you a second chance and maybe rated you 3 or 4 stars the next time around! And as far as improving on their part, the website is still not secure 12 days later.But plenty of other people like this place, so maybe you'll have better luck. Just don't use the online order form!!!!!!!!!!
5	Awesome Thai food, the Tom Kha chicken soup and curries are beyond amazing, I like spicy 8.   Excellent delivery with free drinks!Wayne Gorsek
4	For years I have searched for Issan style Thai food close to home. In the past I would have to go across town to get Issan style food. I highly recommend this little Thai restaurant. They have authentic Thai style not the usual Thai/American version that seem to pop up every day.
4	We came by here on Saturday. We originally went to "Thai Taste" but upon reading other reviews we had mixed feelings. We even went so far as to sit down and wait for someone to help us. The place only had 1 other couple seated. . 5 minutes passed/ no help. we bounced. And we ended up @ Corner Thai Kitchen. .. great choice. APPETIZER: Pot stickers. Read somewhere this was the least caloric app, so we went w/ it. Good stuff. ENTREES: Pad See Eww. Gooood stuff. It was delicious. i loved it and would definitely order it again. Not much meat to be honest but the flavor was good. I guess I wasnt too fussy bc we had a BOGOF coupon from the entertainment book. (great investment and chances to try new cuisine) The bf went w/ a fried rice something or another option.@ a 9 heat. Good but a lil spicy for me. I ususally get a 7 or 8. All in all I'd come back.Its definitely been added in the "meet the bf for lunch rotation"
1	Update: the food is still good, the waitstaff attentive, but the management is ridiculous. The crazy owner abuses his waitstaff and treats them less than people. As much as I want to support this establishment, I can no longer do so with a clear conscience. I can/will no longer put money into this man's pockets. I'm adjusting my rating to 1 star, and at that I'm being very generous.---------------------------------------------------------Coming from San Francisco where there's an amazing Thai restaurant on almost every corner, I've been aching to find an authentic place in Vegas where the local Thai actually frequent. Komol and Thai Noodle are at the top of my list, and now I can finally complete my triad of favorite Thai eateries. You can always find typical watered-down versions of curries and pad thai at any Thai restaurant, but what I adore about Corner Thai is that they offer regional dishes that are seldomly found at other places.Having been craving Kao Soi for many months, I was ecstatic to try Corner Thai's version (yes, Lotus of Siam has Kao Soi, but theirs is bland and almost devoid of an actual broth). Corner Thai makes an amazing yellow curry broth, rich in flavor with a delicate balance of tart and spicy. And they DON'T go overboard with filler coconut milk. The egg noodles were nicely cooked, tender and chewy, and the crunchy noodle garnish made for a nice contrast. What sealed the deal for this authentic dish was the offering of chili sauce, lime, chopped onions and pickled mustard leaf of the side. Yes! If you've never had Num Tok, here's the place to try it. Grilled strips of beef sirloin tossed with onions, chili, cilantro and rice powder, all dressed with a lime-fishsauce. Tangy, spicy and delicious. It's listed as a salad, but it could very well be an appetizer or a main course with some rice.For Pad Thai aficionados, you won't be disappointed. Yes, you get the green onions, bean sprouts and egg, but what sets this pad thai apart is the amazing flavor and texture of the noodles. Nicely chewy but not rubbery, you can really taste the smokiness infused into the noodles from being tossed in a well broken-in and maintained wok. Thin slivers of fried tofu are thrown in for a nice touch. Peanuts and lime come on the side, so you can garnish as you prefer. There are several Chinese-style dishes, but one that shouldn't be passed up is their version of chicken and rice (Kao Mun Gai). Similar to Hai Nan Chicken, the poached meat is nicely seasoned and a little chewy (as it should be). Don't be fooled by poached chicken; it's anything but boring. This particular preparation is delicate and time-consuming... just google Hai Nan chicken preparation, and you'll see how much work goes into it. Served over a bed of specially-cooked fragrant jasmine rice, the dish also includes diced ginger and a black-bean dipping sauce on the side. To top it all off, no chicken and rice dish would be complete without a freshly-made cup of chicken broth soup. Delish!Typical desserts are offered at Corner Thai like coconut ice cream and fried banana (but interestingly no mango/sticky rice). If you saved  room, you must order the roti (or ro-tee)... a flat sweet pancake that's crispy on the outside and moistly chewy on the inside. It's served drizzled with condensed milk or coconut ice cream. The prices are reasonable, parking is plentiful and the waitstaff is super friendly and attentive.For me, the only drawback to Corner Thai is its location; it's hidden in a corner of a small shopping strip, and it would be much more popular if it were more prominently visible to drivers passing by. A hidden gem, the selfish part of me wants to keep Corner Thai a secret. But as a strong supporter of small businesses, I will definitely recommend this place to everyone I know.
4	My husband and I are relatively new to Thai food but we are in love with this little restaurant! We ordered the pad thai and red curry and both were delicious! The only reason that we aren't giving five stars is because they mixed up the heat level on both dishes. We ordered the pad thai spicy and the red curry mild and they came out the other way around. Very inexpensive as well! Give it a try!
4	Pretty good and tasty Thai food.  I had the lunch special - red curry with beef.  Came with rice, a spring roll & a deepfried wonton skin with a sweet sauce.  Spice level was 6/10.  Not too hot.  But I did get their tray of hot sauces to spice up my dish to the heat level I wanted.  My counterpart ordered the Radnar - flat rice noodles with a brown gravy sauce and Chinese Broccoli.  Eat it with the picklrd green chillies.  Compliments the dish so well.  To cool off my mouth, I ordered a fresh young coconut drink.  So refreshing!  You drink right out of the coconut!  Don't forget the coconut pulp.  Use the spoon to scrape the pulp.  Will definitely eat here again if I'm in this part of town.
5	If you're looking for Thai food in Vegas this is the place to go (not sure really how many other Thai places there are in Vegas though). We went with a large group of about 10 people for my friend's birthday lunch and got treated very well. We had a nice family-style lunch so we tried a lot of food--the plates just kept coming! I can't even begin to list everything we ate, but I can confidently say that I tried it all and it was all delicious. Let me attempt to though.Started off with wontons? with a nice honey sauce. Then some beef jerky? type thing. Really good with a reallyyyy delicious sauce. Pad Thai2 types of fishRed and yellow curryPapaya salad (my favorite)a lot of riceand there was definitely more but really I can't remember. Try it!
5	Excellent Thai food and service.  Papya Salad, Silver Noodle Salad, Crab Fried Rice, Koaw Mun Gai.  Highly recommended!
4	good, cheap, spicy, and clean restaurant. no complaints, no problems.
5	We usually get the Beef Salad to go. It's really fresh and feels very healthy even though your eating red meat.They are always quick and friendly. Have yet to eat in at this restaurant. So far very happy.
4	One of our go to thai places.  Better than your average place, really good curry.  Pad thai is top notch and so is pad see ew.  They deliver too!  So that's a plus.  Service is usually quick and we aren't waiting hungry too long.
5	This is an excellent spot for authentic Thai Food. The staff are friendly and the prices are very reasonable. I had the Tom Yum soup and it was more than enough for two people, so I had leftovers for the next day.
5	We live about 3 minutes away and love it. They're always so nice and friendly, portions are just right and tasty! Sometimes it's a bit more heat than I can stand, but I can't stand much so it's not a fair assessment. I love their curries and noodle dishes - YUM!
5	Excellent quality for a good price. Coconut based curries were outstanding
3	Came here because I saw they delivered and I wanted a spicy soup. The set up is small but nice. I ordered tom yum soup and their ginger ginger dish both with shrimp. To be honest, I've had better tom yum soups. This one seemed to taste a lot more fish saucey than usual. I'd probably give it a 3 out of 5. Wasn't horrible but not amazing.The ginger ginger dish had portobello mushrooms, baby corn, carrots, huge snow peas, and sliced ginger. Again, this dish wasn't mind blowing, just ehh.  I'd give it a 3 out of 5, too.  Even though I wasn't impressed with their food, I'll probably order different items next time.  But only because they deliver and are close by.
4	My "go to" place for take out when I don't want to cook. Always good and a very helpful staff.
3	Not the best, but definitely not the worst. Better than 80% of Thai restaurants in any average city, but Las Vegas is not an average food city.The Red Curry and Green Curry are decent, the portion is good, but both flavors lack depth and complexity. I was hungry as sh*t and it still didn't taste better than just good. The $3 side of Brown Rice is a little nickel-and-dimey and over-the-top and to be honest is probably the dealbreaker with regards to coming back a 2nd time. Curry+Curry+BrownRice should not be $30 (tip included) in this part of town, but it was.The lack of value brings the teetering star-rating to rest at a true 3*.3* Thai in Las Vegas is still better than 5* Thai in Nashville.
5	The fried tofu is awesome. Beef noodle is very flavorful. Gao Mun Gai is the best around. Chili mint Chicken is awesome as well. The Best Thai restaurant we have found in the Vegas area so far. Definitely recommended. The only bad thing is the restaurant is pretty small, not good for a large group of people.
5	This place was delish! I reccomend this place when you want to try something new or try a Thai dish!
4	This place has what it takes to turn an all american boy into a Thai food lover. My son and I were relaxing at the house, trying to think of something "different", besides the usual pizza, and Jason's Deli delivery. I have been passing by this Thai restaurant, with the huge banner, "Review Journal Best Thai Food", for the past couple of months, and really wanted to try it out. Luckily we did. First I went online to check out the prices, see if they had lunch specials, and to see if they were open. Their website is pretty cool, figuring, you can order online and have it delivered. They do change a $3 delivery fee, which is reasonable. I wanted to call and speak to a person about the heat levels first. They were very nice on the phone, and were glad to take my order.We ordered:(1) Beef Jerky (One Sun Beef)(refer to pic) which is overnight marinated beef that is deep fried and served with hot and sour sauce. The dipping sauce was...okay. The actual jerky was legit! It was very tasty and didn't need any sauce.(1) Yellow Curry which is their house made yellow curry paste mixed with coconut milk, tossed w/ potato and onion inside. I'm not very familiar with curry, but I always imagined it being very spicy, which this one was more of the opposite. This curry was sweet, probably because of the coconut milk, and tasted delicious. The sweetness was a bit much towards the end of the dish, but was still pleasant. Lastly, we ordered (1)Rad Nah(refer to pic). This was supposed to be pan fried noodles topped w/ gravy and Chinese broccoli. The noodles were not crispy at all. They were all stuck together and unappetizing. The gravy, broccoli and chicken were delicious though. My son could not get enough of this dish. He kept saying, "Oooh.. daddy, i really like this one!". It always feels good to find food he enjoys. The only thing I thought was amusing, was the text on the bill(refer to pic). The bill states, not the words "TOTAL", but instead, "PRE-TIP AMOUNT". I'm in the service industry and found that quite funny, but that might just be me. I really like this place and will be glad to order from them again. Maybe even today.
3	We heard about this little place from the owner of a tasty Thai restaurant in Bullhead City, AZ. I figured if she loves the food, it has to be good! And it is. The place is small but clean and pretty, with one public toilet and less than ten tables. Oddly, the country music channel is always playing on the TV when we eat there which creates a strange ambience. The wait staff is always prompt and courteous and easy to communicate with. And, a big plus is that they have a soda fountain with free refills and not just canned drinks!So, on to the food. The Chicken Satay is really good, but average. (I think all Chicken Satay is good!) The Pad Thai is also very good, but my boyfriend says they skimp on the meat so he prefers Archi's. Aside from that the taste is pretty great. We tried the Spicy Basil Fried Rice too, but after I blurted out "Wow this tastes exactly like sausage crumbles!" well,  we didn't finish it. I always order the Cashew Chicken. It's supposed to come battered but I order mine without, and its amazing! It gets a little caramelized and it has tons of crunchy cashews (enough that my bf can keep sneaking them off my plate and I don't miss them.)Now, here's why I'm only giving 3 stars.. I just ordered delivery online and paid $23 for my cashew chicken and 4 skewers of chicken satay! I also waited just over one hour from the time I got my confirmation email to the time I received my meal. The dude had a cell phone and he had my number right on the order, so I would have met him in the parking lot if he had trouble finding my condo! Of course the food had cooled off considerably so I reheated it, making it a $23 TV dinner essentially! Then I discovered my food was really spicy even though I'd requested 3/10. $3 delivery fee, hour long wait, and room temperature food which was painfully spicy? That sucks. Everything is always great dining in, but I'll never ever get delivery from this place again.
5	Wow! Amazing food! We ordered about 4 items and each one was even more delicious than the other! The papaya salad was amazing-so fresh and just the right amount of spice (6), the Pad Thai was delicious-good amount of bean sprouts- spicy sweet combo! the shrimp tom kan koon was my favorite! it was perfectly hot when delivered and it had the perfect coconut lime spicy balance. of I will definitely continue to order from this place! Yumm!
4	I came here on a tip that they serve Khao Soi... and they do!  This small little Thai restaurant has a lot of character.  The friendly staff was tentative and full of smiles.  Over all I enjoyed my stay.  I ordered the Crab Rangoon as well.  It had a light, thin, flaky pastry crust with a very creamy filling.  Nothing overwhelmingly exciting about it, but it was tasty.  The sweet and sour sauce that was served with it was very unique and probably homemade.  The Rangoon was a little bit on the sweet side for me, but still tasty.  I ordered the Khao Soi with the drumstick and wing.  It also came with a rather spicy, yummy sauce on the side, along with the usual sides of pickled cabbage and lime.  Although not the best I have had, the curry soup was very flavorful.  The chicken fell off the bone and tasted quite yummy with the curry.  My only complaint was there didn't seem to be enough dry or wet noodles.  Without the Rangoon I would have left hungry.Khao Soi is a favorite dish of mine, and Corner Thai does a solid job at it.  I want to come back and taste their other dishes, particularly the curries.  It is too bad they are a good half hour drive from my house!  If you live in this area, Corner Thai is definitely worth trying.
3	I was really not too impressed. Especially since they have a sign outside proclaiming their position as the best Thai in Vegas. I didn't think so...We went for lunch on a Monday. The restaurant itself is rather tiny...about five or six tables. I ordered Pad See Ew with tofu. My food took about 25 minutes to come and for some members on our table it took a little longer. Kind of inconvenient during lunch hour.The food itself was palatable...dare I say it was rather tasty! The service and the sheer length of waiting for my food would probably not warrant another visit.
3	I came for lunch on a Monday morning after reading numerous good reviews on the Yellow Curry.  The restaurant was located on W Tropicana Ave/between S Ft Apache Rd and S Grand Canyon Dr in Las Vegas.When I walked in, there was one couple finishing their lunch.  Soon after, a party of 5, party of 3, and 2 couples walked in within minutes of each other.  There were not enough menus for every one. Luckily the server took my order and I got my food within 8 minutes. I ordered the Yellow Chicken Curry Lunch Special for $6.95 which included a Fried Wonton and a Fried Egg Roll.  The Wonton had nothing inside it.  It was room temperature.  The Egg Roll was hot and freshly fried.  It was vegetarian.  There was a so-so dipping sauce.  I ordered the Yellow Chicken Curry Thai Hot.  I was pleased that the curry was Thai Hot, the way I ordered it.  So many Thai restaurants are afraid to make a dish too hot.  The chicken was sliced very thin.  There were sliced onions, sliced carrots, and 3 soft potato chunks in a pretty ceramic bowl and a scoop of rice.I finished my lunch and 3 tables were still waiting for their food.  The party of 3 ordered some appetizers so they were happy. It was just unfortunate that everyone came in at the same time and the service was scarce.As I was walking out, the server was on the phone with a take out order.  I would come back for dinner
1	Oh dear, I wasn't expecting to have one of my worst food experiences when I visited Corner Thai based on some glowing reviews from family and Yelp, and with the Best Thai banner they have hanging outside. But...The ambiance is nice (although the country music channel their TV is stuck on is a little strange) and the service is good, but... the food was just so terrible that I can't give anything more than a 1 Star rating. Our table ordered the Pad See Ew, Pad Thai, and Silver Noodle soup, along with an egg roll appetizer. The egg rolls were decent, if a little oily - sadly, that was the best bite I had of the evening. Everything else was just so greasy, oily, and relatively tasteless, that I could only stand eating the food for the first 2 minutes. After that, the piping-hot temperature that was making the food half-bearable gave way to terrible lack of taste and an inedibly slimy texture for everything. We all agreed that it was a pretty bad food night. This has to be one of the first times that I didn't finish the food at a restaurant - I usually finish my entree, and if I don't, I always make sure to take the leftovers home. But not this time, which is a minor anti-miracle in my food-universe. I didn't take anything home from our evening at Corner Thai, besides a bad taste in the mouth and a bit of pity for the nice server who had to listen to that country music station all day. Since it's close to my area, and members of our party have had better experiences before, I want to return to this place again, if only to wake myself from a bad food dream. Did this really happen?! Did I really outright hate all the food from a place?! impossibru!!
5	Awesome foods and great services !!!
3	3.5 stars.It was dead on a Saturday night but they must have had a lot of takeout/delivery orders because they had run out of green curry by 7:30pm.  Kinda crazy!  The menu was set up well since there were photos for everything which made it much easier to know exactly what was coming. We started with the "Duck Spicy Salad" since this was something I'd never seen before.  The salad consisted of duck with pineapple, raisin, tomato, red onion, cilantro, green onion and spicy lime sauce.  That was 360 degrees of flavor although I would've preferred a little less duck skin. I checked out Dan "Thai Food Addict" P's review on my phone and he got the Khao Soi.  I'd never tried Khao Soi and it's not offered in a lot of Thai spots so what the heck.  The only way I could explain it would be imagine if Thailand had ramen.  It had a really good curry broth with 3 kinds of beef (sliced, tendon and chunks) with soft egg noodles along with crispy egg noodles.  I also agree with Dan that there should have been more noodles but maybe it's because I liked it a lot.  My wife got the tofu red curry which was fine.  Corner Thai has a big sign out front saying they serve the best Thai food in Vegas.  That's a pretty bold statement that they don't live up to, but it's a fine neighborhood spot.
5	This place is a hidden gem! I'm so glad my boyfriend was recommended to this place because we've been coming weekly since! The pad thai is so so so good. Best made in a restuarant yet. The tomyum soup is bomb, very flavorful. We always get the shimp tomyum. Spicy #6 already burns but we learned the hard way by getting #10 first. We get #10 with our pad thai though and papaya like a #8 spicy level. We always get the fried tofu, they make a sauce to dip in for it and it goes together well. I recently tried the tofu soup with ground chicken and been hooked. No spices at all, just a normal soup. Yummm! This is our to go thai spot, it used to be thai noodle house & here but their customer service was horrid and after many chances we stuck to only thai corner kitchen. I like our server that only works wednesdays shes always on point and very friendly.
5	OMG !! I was not expecting this amazing party in my mouth eating at this place COCONUT chicken soup was AMAZING OR More than amazing :-) Friend rice with Thai sausage wow delicious.! Definally coming back to this place!  DELICIOSA COMIDA thailandesa
4	I absolutely love this little hidden gem. Food is great and they deliver, which makes it even higher on my list of Thai restaurants. I haven't had the opportunity to dine-in yet, I usually pick-up or have it delivered, but whenever dealing with the staff, they have always been great.I usually order the Pad Thai, Pad See-Ew, Cashew Chicken & Crab Ragoons (I know, not very adventurous) but all have been deeelish! I recently tried the Red Curry with chicken and found that dish to be very tasty - especially on a cool, windy evening. I hope yo try more on the menu in the future, but it's difficult when those cravings come along for my usual.
4	Best Thai Place in South Summerlin.  We mostly do pickup or delivery, but the pad Thai, curry chicken, and egg drop soup are mighty yummy...  Keep it up!!!
5	Place is extremely good! The crab fried rice and garlic and pepper beef are two items I order often. Haven't dined in myself, since they deliver but phone and delivery service is a+! Of course the Thai iced tea and coffee is amazing too.
4	I freakin love their khao soi! Authentic with lime, onions, pickled veggie and brown grainy paste spice on the side (don't know name sorry).
5	Larb chicken and steamed dumplings for lunch everyday for two weeks and never get tired of it!!! Plus they deliver to my shop just yards away ar Sin City Vapor 4!!! You guys rule!!!! Thank you
5	Holy smokes - this place is great.  The pad seew, the garlic beef and tom yum is soooo good!  My husband also said that this is one of the best Thai places we have been to.I picked up our order and we ate at home and had no leftovers because every bite was divine!  I am so glad I found this place - it is simply the best Thai food in the area!
5	I just moved to the area and don't know much about the local flavors. I searched for lunch specials close to work and found this place, and I'm glad I did. It's a cute little hole in the wall with maybe a dozen tables and walls featuring colorful ink drawings by a local artist. There's a TV playing a random Thai channel that's funny to watch. I ordered a Thai iced tea that was sweet and creamy in addition to the red curry lunch special. My lunch special came with the curry, a scoop of steamed rice, an eggroll, and a wonton. It was delicious, and I was literally served in five minutes. I came in at 2:30 and was done with my entire meal by 3:00. This place was definitely worth checking out and I will be coming back again!
5	I have tried different thai places and this is one of my favorite place to go. The service is amazing and the food is soooo good. I usually get pad thai or pad see ew and I get spicy level 10. The spice is hot enough compared to other places. My tolerance for spicy is high and they are good at making it that hot. The tom yum soup is great too.
4	I ate at Corner Thai for the first time tonight and it was excellent, I will be back soon!
4	This hidden gem has only offered me great service and delicious food!  I love, love, love corner Thai kitchen.  The pad see we and the crispy pork with Chinese broccoli are my favorite, and let's not forget to end the meal with dessert!  ROLL TEE!  Save room because it is totally worth it!I've been here numerous times and every time the service is exceptional.  The servers are extremely polite and constantly check on you without being overbearing, which I definitely appreciate.  The food comes out quickly and is very tasteful.  Both for dine in or take out, I've never had a problem!Corner Thai kitchen is number 1 for Thai food in Las Vegas, in my book!
5	I've eaten here several times and I'm always impressed. I'm obsessed with Thai food & I would write a yelp review for every yelp review for every Thai joint I frequent, but I'll spare you guys. This is an excellent choice for Thai food on the southwest side of town. Great for pick up, usually takes about 15 minutes & if you dine in the service is always amazing. It's reasonably priced as is, however if you pay with cash you receive 10% off. Sweet right? No reservations needed, I've never had a problem getting a table & they also have lunch specials for $6.95. ***i want to caution you they do NOT have green curry, which brought it down to four stars (in my head) until I tried their red curry and it kicked ass so I gave them the generous bump up to 5 stars. Thai tea is tasty, and it's served in a big cup. Get the pad Thai, you'll thank me later. Enjoy :)
1	My husband and I will never order from this place again! They delivered our food to the wrong apartment; didn't bother to verify the credit card from the imposter (the credit card has a female name on it and the imposter was a man that signed for the CC receipt). The make matters worse, CT's owner (who was the driver that screwed up the delivery came back with another staff from the restaurant) when they arrived, they didn't bring replacement food, didn't apologize nor offer us a comp! The whole time I was on the phone, complaining to the CT's staff, he was lying to me by alleging that the owner remembers me and my apartment and has delivered to us before. I then said to him, IF he remembers my apt, then why would he deliver the take-out to the wrong apartment?! When those 2 idiots came back to my apartment complex, they still couldn't find our bldg. (even after I asked them "do you know what my bldg. number is," in which he replied "yeah yeah, we know." My husband went downstairs and ran into our security patrol and told him the whole incident and the patrol told my husband that the CT people had been circling around and around our apartment complex for awhile and the security patrol had to go and retrieve them for us!
5	Wonderful service and even better food. If you haven't tried them you are missing out.
4	The food is great here. Their papaya salad is amazing as well as the green curry! Worth a try.
4	They deliver to my house. I always order the beef jerky and pad thai. I'm never disappointed.
5	Really good Thai food at a really good price. Very clean.
4	Only had the Pad Thai , so I'm reviewing just that. Best in town! Much better than Panna and Archie's. Great prices and good Thai tea. I docked a star because the service sucks for being such a small place. Good fried rice too.
5	Amazing food and good service. I'm addicted! Can't wait to eat here again. It's a hole in the wall place that's worth a try you will be glad you did.
2	Love the cashew chicken the portions are small but good.  The last 3 times I called no delivery driver. Don't advertise delivery if you don't have it.  Also wanted friend rice instead of white with my entree they wanted to charge $8.95 Ru kidding I'm paying $9.00 for an entree I should be able to pick the rice I want.  We order 3 times a week from here. But lately with the above issues I might take my business to another place to many other places to put up with stupid stuff.
5	Great price for lunch, and the pad thai was delicious. As a lover of spicy foods, level 8 out of 10 was perfect. It's in the corner of its plaza, making it easy to miss. I'm glad I found this place. My lunch was so delicious that I ordered a panang curry to go.
4	This place has really great thai food for fairly cheap. I used to always order delivery online but there seems to be a glitch on the website or they might just not offer delivery any more.
4	Small restaurant but didn't get crowded when I was there for lunch. They have lunch specials Monday through Friday for $6.95. I had the red curry lunch special and it was delicious, with good flavor and the spice level I requested was pretty on point. They may even be a little more conservative than other places because I could've handled a little more spice! Lunch portion is pretty good although I wished they gave more rice than just a tiny little scoop, especially since I had curry. Service was quick even though there was just one server.
4	Husband and I found this place on a whim. Figured it'd be comparable to most other thai restaurants which is usually just mediocre. The food was higher quality than I expected and very yummy,  the atmosphere is peaceful and comfy and the servers were excellent. It's the little things that count; we didn't ask but the friendly waitress offered to send us off with a fresh refill in a to-go cup. Overall great experience and we will absolutely be back.
5	Been a regular here for a few months. My favorite dishes is the Chicken Kao Soi and the seafood fried rice. The service is excellent and it is always a joy dining in. Love this place!
1	Had eaten at Corner Thai for several years but not for over 6 months until yesterday.  Went with a friend for lunch. It was Saturday, so we ordered from the regular menu and decided to split a dish. I noticed the menu had changed.  It now had pictures of the dish along with the name. I wondered if the restaurant had changed ownership.  There were only 2 other patrons besides us.  They had already been served and were finishing their food.First of all, after the menus were dropped at our table, the server didn't return for 10 minutes to ask us what we wanted to drink.  I was getting ready to go find her.  Before she left for the drinks, we told her we were ready to order. We ordered Potstickers as an appetizer and Garlic and Pepper Beef as the entree.  TWENTY MINUTES LATER!!! - We received our entree. NO POTSTICKERS!  By that time, we were the only people in the restaurant. We asked what happened. She said they were coming.  I couldn't believe it!  The entree was decorated with a huge radish flower that took up half of the plate with large pieces of cucumber and the portion of the Garlic and Pepper beef was unbelievably miniscule - not even a lunch special portion.  I have NEVER seen such a small portion for an entree in any Thai restaurant and the price was $8.95.  We were shocked. It was definitely NOT enough for 2 people to share. I am not exaggerating. A HUGE disappointment.  There were literally only 9 very small pieces of beef (Yes we counted).  In addition, the beef was rubbery - not at all tender.  When I had eaten here before, the portions were normal for Thai restaurants and the quality was very good.When the Potstickers finally arrived (another 7 minutes after the entree), it was obvious they came from frozen, and were dry, and tasted terrible.  What happened to this place???  We felt ripped off especially due to the obvious small portion and huge decorations to take up space on the plate.There are many other fine Thai restaurants that I would recommend.  This would not be one of them and I will never go back.I do not understand the recent positive reviews.  Stay away if you want good Thai food!Oh and the SERVICE - She NEVER checked our water once or checked to see if everything was okay with our food.STAY AWAY FROM THIS RESTAURANT!
5	Super bomb! Got the crab Rangoon, sticky rice, and panang curry. Shout out to the sweet and sour sauce. Lady told me I paid online when I got there, but being a first timer I was like or nah and paid cash. I'm really picky but this place has flavor. I got the medium spicy panang. I could step up the heat personally but this place is definitely in biznazz.
5	This is my go to thai place!! I think by far they have the best pad see eww!!!  i'm in love with it.  I think it's better than Surang, Panna, Thai Noodle House and any other thai places in my area.  I also love their veggie dish.  They just offer all the best mixed veggies including shitake mushrooms....mmm, my favorite!   I ask them to add some ginger and it's so tasty!!! These two are my go to dishes all the time.  I don't eat meat, so I can't judge them on that.  Also, their veggie soup is awesome.  I also asked them to add clear noodles to it and it just makes the dish even better.  They also had a deal where if you pay with cash then you get 10% off the check... hey, every little helps right.  That deal ended and they said they are thinking of another deal.Come check this place out.  try to mixed veggie with tofu and pad see eww with tofu so you know what I'm talking about.  You'll forget all about meat after eating these dishes! LOL.  Enjoy.
1	While waiting to get my car fixed at goodyear I asked if this place was good and was told yes so I came over. While waiting the cook came out wiping snot from his nose with his hands and arms and proceeded to blow his nose (with tissue) never washed his hands and went back to cooking. GROSS! Needless to say I left.
4	Nice place... Food is pretty good.. Priced well. I come here often. Get the papaya salad. Pad Thai is pretty good as well.
4	Easy location with good service ! I usually just order carry out and it tastes just as good! I would come back if I am in the area! They have a good lunch menu, but I always miss it ;/ try their papaya salad, red curry chicken and pad thai!
5	Hubby and I just happened to drive past the non description strip mall in search of food. We were looking for something non chain so decided to give it a try. Given the simple decor and small dining area, I didn't have high hopes for the meal. We got take out and when we got back and opened the packages, the smell of all the herbs and seasonings just hit me. When I tried the duck curry, it was so delicious. I love Thai food and have had it in many locations, including Thailand. This was darn good. We also got chicken curry and some other smaller items. This is my go to place for good Thai in Vegas right now.
5	We've been coming here for 2 years and love it! Hands down the best Thai place in the area. Everything on the menu is outstanding!
4	I can eat Thai food everyday and I definitely can eat at Corner Thai Kitchen everyday! The Pad Thai is AMAZING here... better than all the Thai restaurants in Thai Town in LA, and I'd have to admit, I even like it more than the Pad Thai on the streets of Thailand. I come here at least once a week and the food quality is pretty consistent. Other things to try there are the Crispy Pork with Chinese Broccoli, the Tom Yum Hot Pot Soup ( be a little careful with their 1-10 spice scale, a spicy 7 is more like a 10), the Thai Basil Chicken, Crab Ragoon, Thai Beef Jerky, and the Crab Fried Rice. Those are my go to dishes when I'm there. All these dishes are super flavorful and super authentic. I knocked off one star because their portions are a tad bit smaller than other Thai Restaurants and the waitstaff never clear the plates off the table before dropping the check. That's my big no-no on service, but I always go back for the Pad Thai!
5	Cashew Chicken is the chef's signature dish and is one the best dishes I have ever had. Catfish delight - awesome, Tom Yum soup - excellent. Those are my favorites but I can go on and on. The service is always great, friendly, attentive and all the waitresses are always happy to give us new suggestions in order for us to try new things, keeping our experience here new and fresh. Corner Thai is a 5 star must try for sure and they deliver! The food here is always consistent, we are never disappointed.
5	I absolutely LOVE Corner Thai. I eat here frequently for lunch and have converted several co-workers who were die hard "other" thai restaurant fans. I love what I love - so typically order the red curry with chicken (level 7!). Everytime I go, the food is fresh and consistent. I've even gone on weekends and ordered for dinner and had it taste exactly the same as my weekday lunches. The price is great and the service is always good, even when they're busy (which they are often slammed during lunch). I've had several of their appetizers and they've all been absolutely delicious.
4	Love this place because they deliver and have pretty good pad Thai and curry chicken. It's hard I find a great Thai place in Vegas. This one is up there. Never been inside though.
1	Very disappointed! !!The menu looks like 1200 people touch it all messy and oily! The rice have been taste like they made it 2 days ago and they reheat it on the microwave! The chicken carry was awful !You can see in the photo all the pieces were  left  because 40% of it has bones and unknown rubbery chewy parts.Even the hot sauce was 50% blend with water come on!!!!!WILL NEVER GO BACK !!
4	Just had dinner here was driving by and just stop to eat Patai was great service is good agree with David could update their menu but overall the food was excellent service was good everything tastes great I will definitely be back took the menu so I can order for delivery from home
3	Great food, but without fail, every time I call for delivery they say they aren't delivering today. They should take the online ordering for delivery off if they aren't going to have a consistent driver available.
5	We ordered the pad kee mao and the spicy thai fried rice.They ask you on a scale of 1-10 on how spicy you would like your food - I suggest going from a 3-5 for people with mild spicy tastes. We made both orders an 8, and as spice fans; it was very spicy already with the added side spices.Service was great, the waitress was very kind and always checked on us to make sure we have enough water, (since we were probably sweating our eyes out).Why does almost every food place open so late? It's pretty dangerous for someone like me who eats all the time at night.
4	Love this place, perfect for a quick work lunch or pickup. This place is just down the street from my job and they are always very courteous, but quick. I usually call ahead, place my order over the phone and then pick up lunch in 15min. They have a great, perfectly-priced lunch menu.
4	Finally stopped by to try their yellow curry with chicken. It was delicious, huge portion and just right amount of spice! I will definitely go back and try another meal!
5	We have been searching for food that is worth what you pay for.. Well we found it here! I ordered several items to taste test and they passed with flying colors..Even my son who is picky loved it! We cant wait for the next time we order thai. Awesome!
5	Ordered delivery from Corner Thai for the first time this week and fell in love! My husband and I ordered yellow and red curry, spring rolls, and pad Thai. Our expectations weren't high considering we haven't had the best luck with other restaurant's delivery, but it ended up being incredible. I constantly crave the spring rolls!
