4	It is a really small place but other than that Heather is awesome. Prices are great and there are a lot of designs.
1	Where do I begin ! If i could score places with negative numbers this place would get a -5. I work in the hospital that is right next door to this nail salon. I got off of work at 5p and I was tired and just wanted to go somewhere near by to get my nails done because I had a wedding to attend. The second I entered the salon I should have turned around and left. I think back and wonder why I stayed ! Lets begins with aesthetic. The place was filthy. Unbelievably gross. The carpet is dirty and old, the nail sations are old dirty desks and there is trash all over the place. I you'd like just go to this place for kicks and giggles to see that I am no exaggerating what so ever. While I was getting my nails done my nail technician got a bag of Frito's and started eating them ! I seriously couldn't believe what was happening it was so disgusting. She would shove the Frito's in her mouth and then grab my hands! I to this day can't believe my eyes. I actually thought I was being pranked. I had some nail polish on when I got there and she stuck my hand inside a jar that had nail polish remover that was dark brown. I wanted to vomit knowing that my hands where in very dirty nail polish remover YUCK !!! This place is a total health hazard and should be shut down. All the nail technicians were extremely unprofessional they would be yelling at each other, making fun of customers, and just being nasty in general. There was a group of girls that walked into the salon and wanted to get a pedicure and once they saw that they didn't have chairs for pedicures and instead use dirty buckets they let. The nail technicians would say things like " B*#&$s think they are to good to have pedicures in buckets" ! I could n't believe my ears ! I should have done the same thing as those girls and left immediately but I was stupid enough to stay. I would not want to pay any amount of money to get my feet soaked in a bucket! I mean I could do that at home and for free. Well back to my nail technician. I told her that I wanted white tip acrylic nails and I did not expect her to but on clear tips. She put on the clear tip and painted over it with white nails polish. My little sister could have done a better job! she literally just got the white nail polish and painted a straight line across my nail ! I was horrid! Oh and to top it off it took her 2 hours to do a horrible job! This place is a disaster and I would not suggest anyone, not even my worse enemy, to go to this salon. I am no exaggerating what so ever !!!
1	I've gotten my nails done 4 times at this shop and I'm always disappointed. The women are all very unprofessional and more often than not just rude. I got my nails done by Charlotte a few weeks ago and she refused to do something I was willing to pay more money for because it was too much work. The work she ended up doing for destroyed before I even left the shop (she was more concerned about getting her money) and I had to re-paint them myself once I got home. Nicki did my nails this last time and I can't even count how many times she used the word "fa**ot" in the hour+ I was sitting in her chair, and she spend the majority of her time 'multitasking' on her cellphone making personal calls about her nephew who had been arrested. These ladies do decent work for their cheap prices but the environment of their shop and their attitudes just isn't worth sliced/burnt cuticles and cheap acrylics. You definitely get what you pay for at this shop and it's just not worth the time or money.
5	Went and had my nails done by Colleen. She not only did an amazing job but I would recommend her. She's very sweet and good. The prices are very affordable, most nail art is included with your set/fill. Check them out! I would defiantly call before going in incase they're really busy.
1	If I could give this place zero stars you bet your ass I would. I made the mistake of going back into this place out of desperation after missing an appointment at a much nicer shop up town, and as soon as I walked in Nicki's mouth was running. All I needed was a simple fill and a coat of polish. Nicki excused herself for a cigarette and when she came back in she stopped at the station directly in front of me and said "I don't know why we are helping her you know this is the little bitch that that wrote that bad review." That's fine, I refuse to give this shop any more of my money and I'll be telling everyone I know to avoid this shop. I'd rather walk around with busted ass nails then give these childish women any more money.
