5	Al Decker and his family runs this tax stand.  I have used him since 1996, and I absolutely love their tax work.  He is aggressive at saving me money and this is why I am unable to switch back to be standard tax man, who seems to work for the IRS.  Al's main approach to taxes is 'DON'T GET AUDITED."  Although Al has been as bold as I have wanted him to be, he also tells you when you are creating a red flag, which is likely to get you audited, so listen to him.....In spite of all the careful steps, I was audited in 2003 & 2004.  I was very nervous, thinking I was too aggressive and there would be huge fees and fines etc...  A phone call to Al's put me at ease.Al and his wife Cheryl walked me through the audit.  We gave the IRS what they wanted.  There was a discrepancy of a few $100s.  I paid it and that was it.  It was wrapped up within 48 hours.  The add'l money I paid was money I would have already paid if I went to H&R Block anyway.  I guarantee I am still ahead vs. standard tax approaches.If you want to keep as much of your money as possible, I suggest Accountable Business Services.  Accountable Business Services is especially beneficial if you own your own business, have rental properties etc.....
5	I'm with Scott on this one - I've been going to Al since 2002. That's a decade of trusting someone with all of my taxes - from personal to business. Tax season doesn't seem so horrific when I walk through the doors and see the family at Accountable Business Services. Al keeps it real and I trust him completely. Each year he advises me as my business grows - how much to pay myself, budget goals, etc. That's just a bonus!In regards to Scott's review: I was also part of the 2002 auditing fiasco that Accountable Business Services was a part of, and like Scott, Al walked me through the audit and I refiled. The state actually OWED ME money (....of course, they never paid me!) ADOR... crazy kids.I refer several people to ABS and was originally referred to him by my sister years ago. Since then, my entire family has slowly started to jump on board. We've all trusted Al and team... from my parents to my grandparents. Word of mouth is the best advertising possible! I'm glad I don't have to worry when tax season approaches - because I heart my tax guy!
5	I been have been using Accountable Business Services for my personal and company taxes for the past 5 years (unlike Kaki C. who lives in San Diego?) and it is a HUGE relief to have such knowledgeable and helpful people as them doing my taxes every year. Al Decker and all the staff at Accountable Business Services are not only great to work with, it is truly the finest tax firm I have ever used and I have used many. What you won't see online or on NPR or in the Biz Journal are any follow up stories reporting about how Accountable Business Services was cleared of all charges and won that trumped up case that was brought against them. That should tell you something about just how good they are at what they do. The truth of the matter is a lot of the agents at the IRS and state tax services are poorly trained, know very little, and are illiterate to many tax laws. That should be the real story. I gladly give Accountable Business Services my highest recommendation to anyone and everyone I know -- and I often do! Thank you Al, Linda, Karry, and everyone at ABS.
