4	Gandhi's is a great little Indian restaurant just off Lothian Road. I was reluctant to try it at first because I always associated Gandhi as a figure of fasting. I felt it was a bit of an oxymoron to chomp away at an elaborate feast in this place. However, one day I was drawn in by the crowds inside and I haven't looked back. Curries in Gandhi's are fresh and delicious. I particularly enjoyed the Bhuna and Biryani. On my last visit ten of us shared a long table and decided to choose almost one of everything. We were very impressed at the high standard throughout and found ourselves ordering more and more okra even though we were stuffed full. The staff here are lovely. One trip with a few friends ended up very drunken and we accidently over paid. The waiter was so honest and kind that he ran up to us as we left telling us that he couldn't accept such a huge tip and to take our money back. Service like that makes a restaurant well worth a return visit!
5	Wow - Does the food here taste amazing! So fresh and the flavours are amazing! I'd go again and again!
4	Named after everyone's favourite balding peace-monger, I've always warmed to Gandhi's, purely as I find the sandal clad pacifist it's named after oddly comical. Thankfully, the restaurant doesn't follow the vegetarian principles that the great man held in the years and months before he was shot in the chest, and meat is very much on the menu.Unfussy Indian cuisine, and dished up by cheery enough staff, it's enough above the usual standard to become that bit more memorable.
5	If you are in the mood for an Indian meal, Gandhi's is definitely the place to go. Situated in the Tollcross area of Edinburgh, Gandhi's is just a short walk from the city centre and it is down the road from the main University campus, George Square and so it is a convenient place to reach. Gandhi's offer an extremely expansive menu with a wide range of authentic Indian and Bangladeshi meals. Gandhi's is both a restaurant and a takeaway, and I have been eaten here twice and both times I ate in the restaurant and had a fantastic experience. For my starter I ordered vegetable pakora which was cooked perfectly and tasted really fresh. It was main course which was really something to write home about. I ordered the Lamb Rogan Josh, and it was probably the best curry I have ever tasted. It was nice and spicy, but not too hot that it blew my head off, and the ingredients were all really fresh and the dish was full of flavour - yum! The rice was also cooked perfectly, and there was plenty of nan bread available too. Gandhi's also offers a wide selection of vegetarian dishes too, so there is something here to suit everyone. The staff were really friendly and welcoming and were very patient with me in explaining to me just how spicy each dish was! Gandhi's is a fantastic Indian restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.
4	Gandhi's served me up one of the best Indian meals of my life. The Vegetable Biryani is so incredibly scrumptious that I would easily make it my last meal if I was on death row. Luckily, I am not on death row and they deliver so absolutely nothing can stop me from ordering Gandhi's every weekend.
4	I forgot to warn of the LACK OF BOOZE at Gandhi's. They won't even let you bring your own! However, the food is so good that it's still worth it. Just get takeaway/delivery!
4	I have wandered past this small unassuming Indian many times, yet it was eventually a combination of the scottish rain and a cold (man flu) that drove me to seek shelter and curry here. I was not disappointed.My standard test dish for any untried curry house is a chicken madras and the madras here was not only good but the spices, tomato and chili all tasted fresh, the warming heat of the food taking my mind of the rubbish weather and cold.I recommend giving Gandhi's a try (I will be back soon) the curry is good, the location is central and the staff are friendly, just remember that there is strictly no alcohol, then again the food is better than the beer and curry stereotype so you likely won't mind.
5	I've had Indian food in London and it is fabulous. I didn't think we would find the same quality of Indian food in Edinburgh, but I was wrong. This place rocks it! We had the Tikka chicken appetizer....delicious. The Butter chicken is a bit different than what I was used to, a bit sweet. Didn't matter, it was fantastic. If you are craving Indian food in Edinburgh, it's worth a trip to the Grass Market area to check it out.
5	Very Very good food!  The food here was amazing, best Indian I have ever had!  I would recommend this place to anyone!  The food is Delicious and flavorful and the proportion was great, I went in there starving and left stuffed!!!
5	The name of the restaurant has changed to something like "I love India" - sorry, didn't get the full name.  Still the same great food.  Lamb so tender it melts in your mouth.  Fantastic Garlic Naan.
