4	Anytime you use beets in your strawberry cupcakes and I can't even taste them, I am down for the cause.  Jewell Treats has opened their 2nd location in uptown Charlotte in the Hearst building, right beside Showmars.  If you've ever tried her cupcakes at the Southpark location, you know she uses natural ingredients for coloring, etc., for some of the yummiest, healthy cupcakes around.  Give them a try if you're in the uptown area.
2	The Cup Cakes here are tasty but oh so small. For the price of the cup cakes I would like to see them bigger, 90% of the cupcakes here look like they haven't had enough time in the oven and haven't baked high enough. Although these are tasty little treats the price isn't worth it to me.
5	These cupcakes are fabulous!  They are made with all natural ingredients and are so much more tasty than other cupcakes I've tried...and I've tried a lot.
5	On a recent business trip to Charlotte, a local friend introduced me to Jewell Treats. WOW, these are some fantastic cupcakes!! I had a red velvet, and an Oreo. They were moist and delicious. These are some of the best cupcakes I've ever had. Good thing I don't live there, or I'd weigh 300 pounds! These are great treats for your office meetings or to reward colleagues.
5	BEST. Cupcakes. EVER!!!! I've had Gigi's cupcakes, Georgetown cupcakes, store bought cupcakes, Nona's bakery cupcakes, and the list goes on and on. Jewell Treats is THE BEST hands down. Just the right amount of frosting and it isn't too sweet. For $3, I'd like to have more cupcake, but it's only because I can't get enough of these. Yummy!
4	Exceptional cupcakes! Moist, rich in flavor, not too heavy with light dab of whipped frosting. You will want more than one guaranteed. Being all-natural, you can definitely get away with eating 2-3.However, the price per cupcake were around $3 and are smaller than average sized cupcakes. That may give you the restraint you need after eating just one.Coming from Chicago, you would pay around the same, but cupcakes would be much larger and topped with a ridiculous amount of frosting...even the organic/all natural/gluten free ones.Yes, I will come back when I want to treat the kids, the special people in my life, and when I'm reimbursed for bringing them to monthly meetings at work. Yummy!
1	I went there to get birthday cupcakes. The owner did not really care to customize anything regarding the cupcakes or writing on them etc. Misspelled the birthday person's name and completely forgot to give me one of the signs to stick into one of the cupcakes. Needless to say I would not go there again.
