5	Very nice location!  A little higher class than the one on Ray, as this place used to be a steakhouse.  Great indoor/outdoor bar.  And the new Strippers chicken baskets are amazing!  Friendly staff, yummy beers on tap.
4	My boss, in his infinite wisdom, decided to compete in the Battle of the Bone wing eating contest.  So, in a show of support, wearing custom T-shirts that proudly proclaimed "Team Guza" we descended on the poor, unsuspecting Native.Normally, Native is a place I can take or leave....but I have to say this one really did a great job.  They were busy and crowded, KUPD and the Bud Light girls were running around, there were people everywhere, yet our server managed to keep up despite being clearly understaffed.I ordered a burger and fries, and of course it came while the wing eating was happening.  Now, maybe it was flavored by hunger and the thrill of watching grown men stuff pounds of wings into their gullet, but even cold, that was one terrific burger.  Even the rapidly cooling fries were awesome.Sad to say, the food was the highlight, as my boss was soundly beaten, coming in 7th out of 9 - he did manage to eat 1 lb 7oz of wings, which makes me just a little queasy.  This was the best experience I've ever had at a Native,and would be willing to come back to this one again.
2	Just okay. Reminds me of an modestly upgraded college house party.Lots of men with Blackberries yelling at televisions.Tepid, domestic pitchers.Frightening fish and chips... hard and tasteless. That applies to the fish, the chips, and also the coleslaw.Friendly crew is about the only saving grace.
3	Your typical native new yorker, a nicer location than most because it used to be a local restaurant.  Typical sports grill fare, good amount of wing flavors.
4	I'M SO HAPPY FOOTBALL SEASON IS HERE!and i practically live here... at native ny'er.no, i'm not a regular here because this is the best sports bar in town... and no, it's not because they have amazing food or anything.it just happens to be located across the street from where i live, and tragically (yes, tragically) arizona NEVER televises my NINERS or GIANTS games, so i'm forced to set up camp here like some deranged sports lunatic. i can only imagine what the staff thinks of me. i've shown up with my 2 yr old nephew in tow, with out of town friends, my brother, a gaggle of girlfriends, a rowdy group of guy friends, even a date or two. i even stopped in once by myself because i HAD to see the NY jets/eagles preseason game on my lap top. (yes, i bought the Preseason Pass on NFL.com, soooo worth it) i probably could have watched the game on my lap top at home, but didn't want to.so here's my take on their food. it's bar food. it does the job. the wings are too bready, but the beer is always cold. the bartenders are the best of the best. i forget his name, but one of the bartenders is really hilarious. he tells the funniest stories and always remembers exactly what i drink. bonus points for a heavy pour.and the best part... besides that it's cave-like dark and has about a million massive TV's? the arctic-blasting air conditioning! is always turned WAY UP. seriously, on a 112 degree day, it feels like heaven. they do have a nice patio area with misters, but it's still been way too hot to sit out there. perhaps now with the temps dropping and fall approaching, the patio will be a great place to watch games. we'll see.yeah so, if you're ever looking for me and can't seem to find me, odds are i'll be here. at the bar. like some crazed sports chick, clutching my beer and yelling at the TV.ok this review must come to an abrupt end. the patriots/bengals game is starting, i gotta go. GO PATS!
4	This review is based on wings alone... I haven't been here in over ten years, but I still crave the wings. NNY was always my first food stop when I use to visit Phoenix. By far the best I've ever had for many reasons. So perfect. Ho hum. Please send me some!
3	WINGS 1011) very small not much meat at all which was quite a dissapointment2)although small they were cooked perfectly.nice crispiness to them and drenched in sweet barbecue sauce (my sauce of choice was Strawberry HOT) no emphasis on the HOT3)very quick prompt service and a decent atmosphere 4) the MAJOR DOWNFALL-a pitcher of budweiser cost $8.50! But they do have bottles of corona for $2 a pop which is a better deal
3	Cheap wings on tues & thurs. That's basically what this place is good for. Wings are decent, many sauce options and everything else is typical bar food
4	Wings! Something like 1750 calories alone for a dozen, but worth every one. Their salads aren't healthy at all either, but then again, no one realistically comes here to eat anything but greasy fried things. It seems like every time I come here, there's 50 children running around screaming. Parents- control your spoiled rugrats in public or please find a babysitter. Especially at a place that's half wing joint half sports bar. Is that too much to ask?
3	There aren't that many places in the area for takeout that's American food.  Native New Yorker is usually my default take out for wings when I don't feel like cooking because of its location.  I have to say I'm a bigger fan of Wing Stop.Cons:-The wings are hit or miss.  Sometimes they  can be soggy with no crunch and depending on the cook the sauces can be thin or too saucy.-The price is a tad too high.  There are wing specials but during times that are odd.Pros:-  Takeout is quick-  The staff is always super nice-  The salads are getting better and taste great.-  There is outdoor seating.
3	It's the perfect go-to for a local neighborhood restaurant. If you're watching calories - be REALLY careful about what and how you order. But the food is always good, and the service is great.I used to go here with my family a lot. They would rarely mess up our orders, but on the off chance anything went wrong they were always polite, apologetic, and quick and prompt about fixing the problem. Nice place.
5	Bottom line: great service, great food, and great specials.I'm a big wing and beer guy, and both of these were prompt, cheap, and delicious. Not that many beers on tap, but they have imports as well as domestics and a few locals from San Tan Brewery. The wings....oh, the wings. $0.69 per wing, $0.39 on Tuesday and Thursdays! No extra charge for ranch, which always irks me when restaurants do it. The Pizza is great too, NY style. About $12 for a medium which is more than enough for two people. Beer was $6 for a 24oz stein of XX, less for domestics and $1 off after 10pm. Don't come here expecting to drink red wine, they only have Black Opal and another cheap brand on the menu.The service is great. NNY has managers and servers bussing food, so you won't wait long for your food. There's no rush to get out, even on a busy night, which is a nice change from the usual restaurant hustle and bustle. They comp'd us a few extra wings to try a different flavor, which was nice.The food and drink specials are good, and there's a different one every night. Check it out on a weekday night before 7 or after 10 to take advantage of the specials and the wings, or come in for dinner and feed the whole family with their pizzas.
4	There is a lot to consider with this place. Chief among those things is the location.  There isn't a lot to choose from in our neck of the woods. To be fair that's why this location stands out.  The recent renovation was tremendous too.  The bar is now something worth hanging out at, the views of the tvs from the tables are worth seeing a game from, and the drink specials are pretty solid.  There's always a good deal on tap and happy hour runs from 3-7 and again late at night.  The last couple of friday nights I've found this place with a pretty good crowd which is a nice out this way.The food is typical bar food so there isn't much to look for there.  The wings are kind of small so I'd skip them.  All told, a good place to grab a drink and catch a game.
5	Must. Find. . . Beer. Cold Beer. On a quest searching, searching, searching for a bubbly nector that must be in a container colder than the liquid itself. "What would you like?" Fat Tire.  Within 3 minutes from my arrival, I drank two glasses with the same level of glee a child demonstrates when discovering and consuming the ice cream chunks on the bottom of a not so well blended milk shake. I consumed with the exact same enthusiasm a crack addicts has during his first dose right after falling from the bandwagon. It was as if I had never drank anything in my life. Everything stopped the moment I felt the bubbles pass from my mouth down my throat and into my empty stomach. It was a beautiful internal waterfall. I was in this desert for so long, and I found my waterfall.  I didn't need any food. I didn't need or want conversation. I left with exactly what I wanted. A cold beer in an even colder glass.
3	Overall This place is pretty goodWhat I like:-Tuesday and Thursday: $0.49 wing days-Great happy hour everyday-Good bar areaWhat I don't like:-waiter/waitress service: just slow service even when its dead in there.-boneless wings: normall I get these else where but here they cook them too drySince there isn't much else out in the Ahwatukee Foothills this is probably my favorite place to grab something quick to eat especially if I am in the mood for wings.  However I wish they would hire some better servers.  I've had to go up to the bar on multiple visits to order another drink or place a drink order because the waitress is no where to be found.
4	Great place to hang out with friends and catch a game! The back has a lot of seating (tables and booths) and TVs at every angle so that they have multiple games playing at once! They have a pretty good happy hour from 3-7pm, with a variety of appetizers (every day) and assorted drinks (except Saturday).Came with a group of friends to watch a football game, and we ordered an assortment of appetizers, 2 pitchers of Blue Moon, and a couple entrees to share. I got the buffalo fish sliders, because they seemed pretty unique. The plate came with 3, and although they were a little heavy on the mayo they were really tasty! Unfortunately, the curly fries I got on the side could have been crispier/more flavorful. Their steak fries didn't look too great either though. I would say their food is good, but not amazing.Overall, we had a great experience! Our server was really friendly, and the environment was spacious and clean! Will definitely revisit when I'm back in town!
2	Came here the day after thanksgiving. The place was dead, maybe 10 tables full total. Only one staff member in the entire restaurant. Our wings took over 45 minutes. Drinks weren't refilled ever, and our party's burger was served with no condiments, even after we asked for them.
2	Wings are the only good thing about this place.  Wife and son both hate the food and they don't like wings.
2	$.49 cent per wing on Tuesdays and Thursdays - that's what brought me here when I had a HUGE craving for wings. Well, the place didn't do anything for me. The service was very mediocre. I even made a comment to my girlfriend about how lousy the waitress was. The loaded potato skins were delicious, though. They only brought out one tinyyyyy thing of sour cream, which irritated me. How do you only use one spoon of sour cream for SIX half potatoes? Fat girl annoyances!I guess that's what you get when your bill only comes out to $8.00. I wouldn't recommend this place at all.
3	The chicken wings are pretty good but they are very small.  But when they are as cheap as they are, I guess you get what you pay for.  Overall you can do a whole lot worse at a chicken wing joint.
3	This is my neighborhood walk-to bar and grill - I really like the happy hour here.  It runs 3 to 7 every day and drink specials all day Saturday.  Early on the week days, service can be a bit slow, but extra staff starts around 3:30.  I like the flat-bread appetizers and, of course, the wings.  Lots of wing options!  They have an appetizer and two entree special that is a nice deal.  The rest of the menu is pretty standard sports grill fare with a few new ideas mixed in.  The bar has many flat-screen TVs for your sports needs, and Buzztime trivia and poker to keep your brain busy.  There is outdoor seating with a view of South Mountain around the bar area.  For the family or little league gathering, the dining area is large and comfortable.  And one thing I really think is cool...the manager walks the floor and talks with the customers.  You don't find that at enough places these days.
1	Just about everytime we order from here our order does not come out right.   If it only happened once, I would not say anthing, but everytime?  Come on!  The only reason we go back every blue moon is because it's close to our house.   It's too bad because we don't have many restaurants anymore in this area.
2	The service was good from the server after she finally warmed up to us but the management is horrible. He was prejudice against us vs another table because of age and sports fans. Other table was an older couple upset be we wanted the sound on and were being loud when watching football in a sports bar on Sunday. Ludicrous he was never polite and nothing but irritated w us. I am someone who works in the industry and understands all needs of the patron but to be treated w such disrespect by the manager of a chain restaurant and bar is incredibly poor service.
4	I came with my wife and a group of friends on a Saturday night for karaoke.  Cool place.  TV's all around so you will not miss any sports action whether you sit out in the patio or inside.  The restaurant was clean and the service at first was very slow but it improved as the night went on.  When I mean slow what I mean is I sat down, got my first drink right away and pretty much had to flag our waitress down after 20 minutes to order some food.  You'd think a bar would want to upsell their food to make more money?  From 10 p.m.-1 a.m they have happy hour on their food where select appetizers are $4 & $5 each.  My wife and I ordered 2 Diet Cokes, an order of Buffalo Chips, Loaded fries and a 1/2 lb. of boneless wings.  All for $20.  Helluva deal.The food was very delicious.  While I liked the Loaded Fries, I LOVED the Buffalo Chips!  Homemade sliced potatoes cooked perfectly with blue cheese crumbles and dressing.  On the boneless wings I ordered honey bbq sauce and they were a winner as well.  I would love to come back and try their pizza or calzones.  I know starting at 9 p.m. beers were $3 but I don't get into beer too much.Karaoke is fun on Saturday nights and there was a decent crowd but you can easily find a table to sit at.  I will definitely come back.  If you're looking for a fun place to grab some grub and watch a game or just chill, Native New Yorker is the place for you.
4	Came here for food and karaoke, as well as fun with some great people. Got all of the above and then some, despite slow service to order our food. In the end it was fine though, because the good food we ordered more than made up for the slow service in placing our order. Diet Cokes, Buffalo Bleu Cheese Chips, Loaded Fries, & Boneless Chicken Wings were what we got and wow were they delicious! I am a sucker for Buffalo Bleu Cheese Chips, after having them at Gordon Biersch last month and these were just as good as theirs!Karaoke was a blast and we all had a great time. We stayed until closing and sang a lot of great songs. Each of us has the love of music in common and it was awesome hearing what each of us loves to sing along to. Makes for good times and great fun, as does the whole Native New Yorker experience!If you're looking for a great place to check out sports events on tv, have a night out  doing karaoke, or just come for great food and awesome people, this is the place to be!
5	Great wings, three different styles and a myriad of different sauces and flavors.Food comes out quickly, even if it's busy and a rather complicated order when our son's baseball team comes by for after tournament festivities.They have a great beer selection, plenty of TVs to watch whatever event(s) are going on.
1	Wings are dry, food is ok, management is terrible.For the price you can get better food if you venture out of the Foothills. I don't come here often, but recently both the service and food have been lacking.Tip for management:If there's a problem with the bill that's the customer's fault, tell them instead of belittling them.Won't be coming here anymore.
4	Great skinny asian chicken salad. The flat beead appetizer is also a favorite. Nice clean neighborhood restaurant. Good food. Great people. Consistent!
3	Update on last review.....happy to say the wings have come out correctly as ordered and the pizza seems to be better tasting. Yeah!
1	Our server was not trained well, wings came out slightly warm if not cool in temperature. Our one pound boneless chicken wings where of two clearly different quantities and our server argued with me that they were the same. Drinks were left empty and the food made both of us sick to our stomachs one hour after eating. The table behind us had similar complaints. I will not be visiting again.
3	Came here after our friends asked us out to dinner with the kids.  When we heard there were TV's to watch the World Series, we were in. We like to support our local area food establishments. We ordered a mix of bugers, pizza, sliders.  Service was very friendly but really slooooooow.   Pizza oven was "backed up" whatever that means and came out about ten minutes after the other food. Kind of expected to get something comped. The food was typical bar food, nothing I crave but good for watching sports.
5	Best chicken wings in town, and the onion rings are the best. The service is great, always enjoy eating dinner there.
4	My wife and I come here for the dry rub chicken wings. They have 6 different styles of dry rub.  Corona lights are $2.50 always and we typically get 3 wings of each rub and chill. I don't know if it's the new look or what but I like this native more than I did the previous one.
