4	For a while, this was the place to go with my friends and play craps for hours. Montreal's casino is one of the largest in North America, but it does not have poker tables. It also does not allow smoking or drinking, outside the designated areas which is odd and cool.
4	Located on the Ile Notre-Dame, the Casino de Montreal sits on an artificial island on the outskirts of Montreal. A Canadian friend of mine took me out here while I was in town. As I don't really gamble, though I won approximately 25 cents in one game, I came really to just see the sights and wander around. Tempted? Of course, but knowing my incredibly bad luck, I stayed away from the tables. Hundreds of slot machines, lots and lots of table games, worth checking out.... and potentially winning enough to pay for your next vacation. review 8/7/2008I.M.Y.
4	I like going to this casino. I only been two times though, but I really like playing the slot machines, it was really fun. However, being young at the time 21, I felt really out of place. The people thought I was nuts when I won a dollar or so.  I did not get kicked out however =)  Anyways I got to see the racetrack which was nice.  Hmm what else they had the wheel of fortune and the person that I sat next too won the jackpot.  I never been to La Ronde though, but I heard that they are in trouble or so.  I did not have much money for the tables however. I did like it was non-smoking hehehe.
1	Horrible experience. From the floorplan to the food, bar and casino service everything about this place is WRONG. We started our evening in the resturant, La Bonne Carte - we weren't interested in the buffet - it was overpriced for the selection - still even the entrees we had - overcooked calamri, walleye fish that was boney/tasteless and mashed potatoes that came out of a box didn't even deserved to be served at a inner school cafeteria. We then walked back through the casino - which is laid out like a cruise ship - a tight confined space, with floors stacked over 6 levels but couldn't find a seat at any tables or want  to. The atmosphere was equally crappy- no friendly gamers to be found anywhere, and I can understand why if this was my local gambling option.Calling it a crap hole does a disservice to other dives. Don't waste your time or your money.
2	Kinda glad our hop-on/hop-off bus came every 30 minutes. Much more at this casino and I would have been ready to walk back. They have a limited selection of actual games, despite the 5 floors. The decor is kind of muted, I expect a casino to be wild and crazy. There is a large older crowd here, very few younger people. I dunno, after recently going to Vegas no other casino can really compare. Nice try, Montreal.
4	The Casino de Montreal has no competition, literally. Despite this fact, it is a decent place to gamble.It's open 24-7-365.  On a ski trip, my friends and I actually went on Christmas Eve, so we know this "tourist spot" is open all year round.  Of little surprise to us, the other patrons were all Chinese and Indian, such non-Christ loving heathens, j/k. I'm not sure if poker is played here, I usually don't check for that.But, Black Jack and its easier European cousin, "Spanish 21" is played.  There is no excuse not to play Spanish 21.  It's such a gimme.  Casino de Montreal and the Borgata (in Atlantic City) are the only casinos in the world where I'm up overall, haha.  I've played at Casino de Montreal 3 times.  I've only been to Borgata once, so I attribute that to beginner's luck. Why play Spanish 21?(Source = http://everything2.com/title/Spanish+21) - Unlike regular blackjack it doesn't matter in Spanish 21 if the dealer ties with a blackjack of their own. - In Spanish 21 a player total of 21 always beats the dealer's total of 21. - Late surrender is allowed. You can give up half of your bet and turn in your cards if they are unfavorable. (Only after the dealer has checked for black jack). - In Spanish 21 you can "double down" at any time with 2 or more cards on any total including after splitting. The bonus payouts aren't paid on doubled hands however. In regular blackjack only 2 card hands are allowed this option. - After a "double down" if a player is not satisfied with his non-busted hand, he may take back the doubled portion of the bet, and forfeit the original wager. This is called a "double down rescue". Parking is free at Casino de Montreal.My only complaints would be that they don't allow you to drink at the tables and they don't provide favorable USD to CAD exchange rates at the tables.  You're better off to just withdraw CAD directly from your account using their omnipresent ATM machines.
3	This place is good for beginner gamblers since you can be 18 and do pretty much anything you want in Montreal. Pros: - nice exterior decor of the building - parking if free and there are people to guide you to the right spot - non smoking everywhere Cons: - young crowd - no alcohol anywhere in the casino except for the bars - no too many blackjack tables As far as casinos I would still prefer the Bellagio in Vegas or the Borgata in AC.
3	Not bad ... Beautiful building, but confusing floor plan. Young crowd abounds. Beautiful silhouette on the exterior drive-up at night.
2	The upside is that they have both American and Euro Roulette and 3 craps tables. The down side is that even on the busiest of days they never open up all three tables and raise the minimum passline bets to awkward numbers like $15.  If not for the fact that this is the only gambling den in the area and the interesting architecture I probably wouldn't go here-sadly I go here almost every time I'm in town.  They have a nice comfortable hangout bar on the top floor and another Bar with a nice view on the 3rd floor.  I don't have to tell you to go here, if you gamble you'll go.
4	I discovered this oasis while driving around Montreal aimlessly after a long week of business.  Coming from California, where Vegas is a weekend trip (of which I've had plenty), I wasn't really expecting much more than a couple of tables and slot machines.Too my surprise, this is a full blown casino, with all the table games you would find in Sin City.  The only limitation is alcohol isn't free... which, lets be honest, is a major limitation.  Still, I made some easy money in poker and I have to say it was a fun time.$75 hold em tournaments (typically 20-40 entrants) on Mon and Tues, $125 on Wed and Thurs.For the non-Frenchies, an R is a K, a D is a Q, and a V is a J.
4	I'm not a connoisseur of gambling so I can't tell you how many of each table they had or if they had the right slots or not but I have been to Vegas, Atlantic City, Foxwoods, Mohegan Sun, Turning Stone, and Casino Niagara which all give me something to compare to. This casino is pretty much an average full fledged casino with all the games, glitz and glamour you might be expecting. They're very clean, have many levels of gaming, is situated on an island right off of the main part of Montreal (with a bridge of course), are never closed, and have free parking. They don't allow smoking (which is a huge plus for me) but they also don't allow drinking at the tables if I'm remembering correctly (which also means those free drinks you can usually get brought to you at the tables at other casinos aren't present here). If you're into gambling, lots of lights, or interesting architecture I'm sure this would fit into any time spent in Montreal.
4	Sic Bo rules!  Played this game, which I had never seen before, and had a blast.  Other table games had pretty high limits, my husband had a good time playing craps though.  This place is HUGE and kinda hard to navigate, but very nice, and a fun place to hang out.  I loved hanging out here.  Free parking, too.  Like one of the only places in Montreal, LOL.  Friendly dealers and service.
4	$25 blackjack tables all day long, Nice employees and the only multilevel casino I've been to.  No alcoholic drinks and their bevvie carts were pretty frequent.Free valet!Do people actually play slots?
1	Do yourself a favor and if you're visiting Montreal, don't come here.My bf and I headed over in our car, armed with google map directions.  We managed to get ourselves onto the island on which the casino is located only to--I shit you not--somehow accidentally drive  onto some sort of closed race track (because there were no other roads).  Unsure as to whether or not we were even allowed to be driving there but unable to turn around, we continued on for a good 20 minutes.  We could see the casino the whole time but couldn't get to it.  Finally, we managed to drive out of the weird race track and off the island.  We were going to turn around to try & find the parking lot when somehow we happened upon a parking lot with a shuttle that took us there. The casino is 6 or 7 stories high.  The layout is terrible--everything too close together.  This place was LITERALLY PACKED on a Friday night as in NO PLACES TO SIT AT A SLOT--PERIOD.  ...What??  No penny machines.... Boo Boo Boo, worst thing I saw in Montreal (other than the Catholic church that charged money to enter...just to enter)
2	Well, I guess I'm sort of a fan, but...I have 4 major complaints:1. No free alcohol2. When you purchase alcohol, you can't gamble while drinking, must stay at the bar3. On 5+ floors of gambling, there are only 2 craps tables4. Roulette is not your normal vegas roulette, $5 table means minimum bet is 1 $5 chip, not 5 $1 chips.  $2.50 table (actually available) means minimum bet is $2.50 chip bet.I have gambled in multiple cities around the world, and comparatively speaking this place kind of sucks and the slots here are less loose than most.  It's been operational for years, and their wall of winners has an amazing 25 or so photographs...Aside from a desire to just gamble, I don't see another reason to actually go here.
4	I have no idea who/why people would give this place a bad review. As a regular gambler, this place was a breath of fresh air (quite literally almost). It is extremely different from Ontario casinos, and includes many features I wish the OLG would adapt.Positives:- THE CASINO HAS WINDOWS. I love how you can tell what time of day it is by just looking outside. At most casinos, your basically trapped in the dark.- Signs are posted throughout the casino stating that one individual can play one machine at a time. Also, security and personnel at the casino enforce this rule. I hate when going to a casino and every machine either has someones players card in it, or someones stuff is saving the seat. Though, if someone needs to go for a smoke or use the restroom, you can get staff at the casino to place down a 'reserved' card for one machine, which they will monitor.- The casino is extremely quiet. I swear, no ones screaming or yelling, and machines are not blaring loud music when a jackpot is won or when playing a mini game.- The member privilege card is rewarding. Sign up for one before gambling.- Multi-level gaming is available. Thus, you can play penny machines, or you can move up the ladder and become a high roller.- The buffet at the casino is MAGNIFICENT. I paid $38 for the buffet, per person and it was worth every penny. The buffet included massive lobster tails, duck, salmon, lamb, chicken, pork, shrimp, etc. It had basically everything, and anything you'd ever want. Also, the pasta was to die for.- They have keno at the casino. Yes, you can play keno at the casino.Negatives:- Security is awful at the door. To get into all other casinos, I found them to be like Fort Knox. This one however, you basically walk in, and if security wants to question your age, they have a small window to do so. Otherwise, you can basically walk in without getting ID for looking under 25. - Slot machines are dated. I found the casino lacked progressive machines, and did not have all the new and exciting machines I found at other casinos.- Bathrooms are dated and hard to come by.- No self service beverage machines. I love serving myself free pop and water without having to tip a waiter to come around.- There are hardly any cash out machines. - The layout of the casino is awkward. Machines ranging in denomination are placed around the casino in no specific order.- Lack of payouts. I never really saw anyone winning.
4	This was the main reason my friend and I visit to Montreal, he was writing a paper about casinos and decided to write about this one.   First thing it isn't that hard to get on the road for the casino.  I also love that they have free parking. We took advantage of that as almost no casinos here in the states offer free parking.  Every employee we ran into was so nice and when they realized I only spoke a small amount of French they easily moved to speaking English which we both appreciated.  It was nice to be in a casino that has windows for a change. As other yelpers have said security does make sure that only one person is playing one game and they keep an eye on the slots and stuff.  The only thing that really bugged me was the lack of penny slots.  Our guest encounter with Elise was amazing as he handled a few requests and even found us a hotel room in the city for the best price.
3	Not your average casino, or at least what I'm used to. Its located across the bridge, tough to reach when the traffic is heavy. Once inside it's your typical Indian type casino we have in California. Definitely not Vegas style.All said and done they still took me down, guess I'm just a lousy gambler. At the time I was their they where remodeling the entire fourth floor.
2	It's a casino on the most basic level. Unless your a good gambler or are addicted to slots I don't see why anyone would want to travel to this. This is the embodiment of a generic casino with no frills or thrills for that matter.I was expecting something more along the lines of Foxwoods or Mohegun Sun which are awesome casinos with a variety of upscale shops, restaurants and nightlife in the middle of CT no less.  I don't think the casino leverages the fact it's in Montreal. And if it's your first time to Montreal why would you want to go to a casino with all the culture, restaurants and nightlife that exists?It looked like a sad place with typical locals robotically pulling slot levers with looks of indifference.  I've seen better gift shops at a gas station.  You'll really have to be addicted or love gambling to come here. If you plan on spending money to go to a casino, pony up and go to Vegas, Reno, or another small town casino that has more to offer.
2	Too many slots, and not well laid out. There are very few table games, so the few they have tend to be overcrowded. The bars were overpriced and understocked. There was a three-hour wait to get into the restaurants, but they wouldn't take reservations before hand. For my first trip to a casino, it was fun for a while, but that quickly wore off. I wouldn't be inclined to hurry back.
1	I love going to casinos and enjoying myself... except this one... which simply wants to make me leave and save up for a Las Vegas vacation. Some of the worst slot machines, ever. Some of them are just so old that they date from the date that the casino was opened. The newer ones don't seem to include very many popular machines (which makes me think that someone is buying machines based on price... or based on kickback.) The few popular machines, like Monopoly have people crowding around waiting for people to leave. High limits on tables, if you can find one or a space at one. Minimum $25 at the card tables, $10/$15 on craps. Casino employees are government employees and yet now they have signs and expect tips. Still low on customer service.Frankly, it's time to shut this down and hire a for-profit company to do this right. Beautiful building... lousy casino.
3	Cash game poker is fun..that is my game!  I like the 1/2 tables minimum is $50 and the max is $200.  I been lucky up the past 3 games.  All you need to know is that D= Queen, V= is Jack, and R is King.  They also have 5/10 tables for sharks :) There are also slots, black jack, roulette and all that stuff idk..it's like 3 levels of fun with a lot of ppl, tourist, bachelor parties around..apparently there is a buffet I may have to try...all you can eat?!
4	The is the best casino buffet I ever had! It has a beautiful dining area. Delicious food including steak, duck, shrimp tempura, mussels, pizza, yummy thin fries, crepes, and chocolate fondue with strawberries and more!! Forget the gambling go straight to the food ;)
2	I was so excited to go to the Casino de Montreal because all the beautiful pictures. I was imagining having to dress up fancy so I kept trying to look up the dress code online with no luck.  I later on talked to a local who said "you dress just how you like. Doesn't really matter." I decided to wear a dress.Walking in, I felt as though I was over-dressed. The only other casino that I've been at was the Hard Rock Casino in Tampa, which is OK.  The place looked like it was going through a lot of construction, because some escalators were turned off, hall ways had temporary walls up as well. Walking through the tables area, there are your typical gambling stereotypes in the movies. Just don't expect anyone that looks like James Bond all suit and tie or tux.Went to a bar there. It looked nice, but of course, expensive. Base and vodka (similar to Red Bull and Vodka) was $9. Free stale chips to go along though.Old people everywhere who are missing teeth, walkers, visors, and a coil card holder. Everywherrrrre around the slot machines.Not really impressed. What a shame.
1	Wow I feel bad for  you Canadians.  You guys really don't know about casinos.   I have been to Las Vegas and to compare them isn't possible.  It is like comparing a child's drawing to a Van Gogh.  I just wanted to check it out because it was super popular for visitors so I can make my own opinion of it.Inside reminded me of a Dave and Busters for some reason.  This place is not classy and they do not serve free drinks.  Even the bartender makes weak drinks, and COMPUTERS CONTROL EXACTLY HOW MUCH ALCOHOL IS DISPENSEDAfter the fact, I would recommend people that have been to Las Vegas NOT to go here.  Seriously, the WORST casino in Las Vegas is better than this place.There are other nicer tourist things to see/do.  Go check out the Botanical Gardens instead.
2	It was the end of our last night in town and I really wanted to check out the Casino.  I'm not much of a gambler, well, I should say I don't like losing money, so if things aren't going well, I just stop and move on to something that drains my money slower, like a sports book or an arcade.  That said, I do love Pai Gow Poker, and was hoping to find a table with a reasonable minimum bet.First, the building is pretty cool looking and very inviting from the freeway when you're passing it on the way into town, but it is a little tricky to get to because it's on an island and not close to any bridge.  Parking was easy, but once you enter the casino it was extremely challenging to navigate.  Let me start by saying that if you like a variety of slot machines, they have EVERYTHING.  From Grease with videos from the movie to Lobster Madness.  Seriously, these slot machine designers have no holds barred.  Unfortunately, when you first enter you're in a small area with slots.  Then you have to use another elevator to get to a different floor and then go down a ramp to get to another series of elevators.  Or you can use the escalators and then you might find yourself in another part of the building that is (as described by others) under renovation.  I finally found the table games but was told I was in the wrong building for Pai Gow Poker.  So, I made my way back, collected my family that was waiting for me and dragged them to the tables, where I found out that the minimum bet was $50.  In fact, every minimum bet was double what you would expect at Tahoe and triple the minimums at Vegas.  This is NOT the place to gamble if you can't afford to drop some serious cash.  But I had invested this much time, so we hit a few slot machines, had some fun and then left, wishing we had spent our time elsewhere.  It wasn't totally wasted, but there are so many wonderful things to see in town, don't bother with the Casino.
2	The nighttime visual of the Montreal Casino is very deceiving.  It's quite a sight at night with its well placed uplights and pinspots.  This visual stayed with me throughout my stay in Montreal so as we were getting ready to leave, I asked one more time to stop by Casino de Montreal on our way back to NYC.  After many loops and driving across multiple bridges, Casino de Montreal came into view and I was sorely disappointed by the sight.  In the daytime, it resembles much more an oddly-built prison-type of building rather than a casino.  We arrived in the parking lot of Casino de Montreal and found a space in their winding parking lot.  Everything about the casino was disappointing, there isn't anything wow or spectacular about it.  The first floor we walked into seemed to only have slot machines; there were tables on the second floor that were very un-interesting.  Staff and employees were nice, but unfortunately, that's not enough to validate a return trip.
3	Je suis un mauvais perdant. I am a sore loser.
1	I love to gamble and live 20 minutes away from here. But in the last 10 years I have been more times to Vegas and Macau casinos.I hate the montreal casino as it is run the same way as the government is, god forbid the dealer cracks a smile.  I will not be giving any of my money to these people in any near future. Vegas has flair and charm. Montreal has none of the when it comes to the casino. Only attitude!!!
3	One of Montreal's only casinos won't get style points for wow'ing the crowd, it is still a good option for the gambling minded Canadians (and their visitors) in one of the finest nightlife cities in North America.A few years ago it underwent a mini makeover, one that cost close to 300 million in updating the joint so that it would stop looking so antiquated. There are no hotel rooms here, just a shuttle that can take you to any of the nearby ones they partner with. Like a small casino, it's considered more boutique than mega resort.With only a couple thousand slot machines and a decent showing for table games, the gaming scene is decent. Quebec folks love their blackjack, as there are more blackjack tables than anything else, including poker. One of the things North American casino go'ers will notice is the fact that gaming areas won't serve complimentary alcoholic drinks but will do it for all others. This means a coke is fine, but with rum it's not. Something to note for you players out there.The food scene is a bit bleak, as there is only a couple of delis / cafes, buffets (La Bonne, "The Buffet"), a French spot in Nuances, and an Italian joint called Via Fortuna. The food is just okay; I imagine these establishments aren't a big draw for outsiders as it is for casino patrons who just want to eat. My vote is on La Bonne (http://www.yelp.com/biz/buffet-la-bonne-carte-montr%C3%A9al-2) but that's not really saying much.If the itch is there to play, Casino de Montreal is there for the taking. I imagine for us night owls running about in the city, it is a decent entertainment option that never closes. I love 24 hour spots.
3	The floors are rather confusing and the slots are very tight. And that is my only real complaint about the place but it is a big one. We came in with half a dozen guys trying different slots and no one won a dime on them. Don't bother with them.  The roulette or black jack tables are a much better choice.As for the place itself, it is very easy to get there, they have a bus and sometimes even a subway (when it works) that will take you right to the front door. (I am sure no kickbacks are involved with that.) The location is friendly and clean and everything looks nice. They have tvs everywhere, even in the slots themselves showing off the local entertainment which is a nice touch. Free drinks everywhere which is a nice perk but I could not get over the feeling like I just paid $30 in slot losses for those drinks.
3	Very confusing casino; it took me 20 minutes to find the regular low limit table games.Staff was very helpful and everyone spoke English.
2	This casino stinks literally. There was so much smoke in this casino it was hard to breathe. The casino looks nice from a far and the island has lots of other activities, however I thought it would be easier to walk around the area and do different activities. However outside, there isn't anything to do but leave. I rather of spend my time at the beach on the island. Inside the casino it was very confusing. It was very long and winding. I like that the casino has self service for juice and water. This way you don't have to wait around for the servers like in the US casinos. However no free alcohol here in Montreal. Also the table games on a sunday night were very high. Roulette had a $50 minimum. Of course i left after just a few rounds a very poor girl =(
2	To me, I consider this casino to be mediocre. It's the only casino in the city that has some of the games I play but I've seen better, like in Las Vegas. The Montreal casino doesn't compare to the mediocre casinos in Vegas.CONS: -The Montreal Casino is not easy to get. A lot of the time the metro for the Casino is usually closed for construction, so you gotta take a taxi which will cost you 20 bucks at least.-You can't walk around the casino floors with your beer like Vegas. That sucks-The waitress that comes around to serve coffee will charge you for coffee. Coffee should be complimentary at the casino. Every good Vegas casino has complimentary soft drinks and coffee served by wandering waitresses.-There's hardly any cheap card games to play at the casino. Like poker tables are charging 25 bucks minimum bets and the blackjack tables with real dealers cost like 25 bucks also. -Way too many slot machines at the casino, not enough diversity of different gambling games at the casino. There should be more card tables and other gambling games like Baccarat and so on.-There's only only restaurant in the casino which is always crowded with old people all the time. I can never get a good place to eat.-The horses races at the casino is virtual. There's no actual horses races at the casino, so you bet on virtual horses on a big tv screen. Lame.PROS:-They got a 10 dollar virtual interactive blackjack tables which pays out well and you can play for a while without going broke fast.-They got 1 dollar virtual interactive roulette tables which pays out well sometimes.FINAL GRADE: C-I only go here because it's the only casino in the city and I usually play the 10 dollar blackjack tables cuz it's fun and affordable and pays out well, that's the only thing I like about this place.
4	Nice casino and its even better now that the renovation are done. It is a bit confusing because they moved everything around but the staff is very helpful. I like that they have the self serve station so you don't have to wait for the person to come around with the cart anymore. Tried all the restaurants in the place and they are decent but not the greatest. The buffet is very pricey and not worth it at all. The one beside that is somewhat set up like a cafeteria is ok but again very expensive for what you get. The one thing I enjoy the most for that place is the club sandwich and the portion is pretty decent.My mom gets invited to a bday dinner every year and they serve 4 course meal with all you can drink wine. The service is always very good and they always set it up like a little gala. I enjoy it every time and I hope they keep inviting us.
3	This casino in Montreal is quite popular.  It is housed in a tall structure, and I believe it has 5 floors.  The 5th floor is all restaurants.  The restaurants were all closed by the time we arrived at the casino.The casino has all the games one would expect.  Plenty of slot machines and table games.  I left with more money than I came in with which is always a good thing.  There are no beautiful women to offer you drinks while you play.  This is not Las Vegas.  What they do have is a complimentary beverage bar.  You can help yourself to their fountain drink machine, coffee machine, water machine, and some juices as well.  Very cool indeed!!The evening we were there, a band was playing and singing.  It was nice to watch and listen to the entertainment while gambling.If you are a tourist, then I would not call this Casino a "Must Visit" destination in Montreal.  I only go here cause my relatives love coming here.
