2	Skimpy on toppings.  You can design your own pizza and customize it but it is a waste of time. Ordered extra cheese, extra sauce and 2x the sausage but wasn't there.  Crust was undercooked.  don't waste your money, order Pizza Hut.
4	Buffalo chicken pizza is back!  Always get fast friendly delivery from this place. Not a huge fan of their regular pizza, but they really have something with this buffalo chicken pizza.
3	Remember to check for coupons around the house! Also, for some reason calling in an order for a pepperoni pizza and picking it up is more expensive than ordering it online and picking up... really?
1	Ordered 2 pizzas an hour and a half ago. Was told 40 minutes. Called them at the 1 hour mark and they said the driver should be there any minute. 30 minutes later and no driver. Called again and they're not even apologetic and refuse to let us speak to any kind of manager.
1	Crust was doughy and where were the toppings??  Will never it Papa John's again.  YUCK!!!!
5	This place is obviously under new management by the looks of the old reviews because their customer service is absolutely top notch!!! Twice now I have done pick up from them and both times I've had outstanding service. They told us 45 min to an hour and our pizzas were on time! We will be back!
1	Ordered pizza at at 11 am for 12:45pm delivery. Took till 2:20pm to deliver. It's a shame such good pizza is delivered by incompetence.
5	great service
1	I used to order all the time from this location and everything was great. Recently the time and order accuracy have gone down greatly. Today I called because the online coupon that they mailed out wasn't working and the "manager" not really sure she was, said she couldn't help me and seemed not to even mind that I wasn't happy and was not going to use this store again. If she really was a manager papa johns needs to train better because she is terrible. Our house probably orders from here twice a month and will definetly never order here again
5	I have never ordered any Papa Johns Pizza period and this would be my first and it didn't disappoint me.  I ordered a x-large pizza with Canadian bacon and pineapples with side orders of Ceasar salad.  Both are delicious and according to the confirmation information I received from them after ordering it online it will take about 15-25 minutes to be prepared, boy it didn't lie.  I normally share stuff to people but this time there were no exceptions because I was hungry. I ate the whole thing to myself.  So if anyone wants something different other than Pizza Hut, Dominos or Little Ceasars, check out Popa Johns  Pizza.
5	I have never ordered any Papa Johns Pizza period and this would be my first and it didn't disappoint me.  I ordered a x-large pizza with Canadian bacon and pineapples with side orders of Ceasar salad.  Both are delicious and according to the confirmation information I received from them after ordering it online it will take about 15-25 minutes to be prepared, boy it didn't lie.  I normally share stuff to people but this time there were no exceptions because I was hungry. I ate the whole thing to myself.  So if anyone wants something different other than Pizza Hut, Dominos or Little Ceasars, check out Popa Johns  Pizza.
5	Its pizza time done right, I've been using this location for the past 2 years and they have never disappointed me. When you have to provide a lot of food for a lot of people on a low budge papa John's is a home run. Really good quality pizzas cooked up fresh and ready to be devoured. Great for kids birthdays, office parties, family gatherings etc. I know a lot of folks have some complaints about the delivery service, my rating is based on carry out only. This is my favorite pizza chain, they always have good deals, fresh toppings and prompt service.
