3	Gather around kids...it is another edition of Rex's story time.  When I was a young chap, a tender age of 8, I had a 53 year old girlfriend.  Okay, girlfriend may be a little too formal, she was more of a booty call. She was just like Rex likes them...about 250 lbs, heavy smoker, hair like tinsel, IQ around 56 and insatiable but easily satisfied. I feel a little tingle in my naughty place just thinking about it.  You always know when lust turns to love...you can always remember that moment. It is special. It is earth shaking. It is life changing.  I was wearing  Spiderman Underoos...strangely...she was too...anyway...we made out for hours. She was so dirty...I could feel the grease from her forehead rubbing against me. She smelled bad, she felt lumpy, she was disgusting...and I loved it.  Why do you tell me this tender  tale you ask Rex. Rex will tell you...because this girl reminds me of Smith's Grocery store.  Dirty, disgusting, cheap, friendly and always ready for you to enter. Smith's isn't the type of supermarket you want to take your mother to...but when you want to get in and get out quick and cheap...it works.Moby was my 53 year old precious little secret...well...so is Smith's.  If I have a new girlfriend, and she has vision, I take her to Von's. If I want to impress an old lady I helped across the street, and it is across the street, I will go to Albertsons.  If I want to get as much crap as humanly possible to shove down my beautiful throat...it is my little secret.Smith's, much like Moby, can really surprise you.  Did I think such an overweight geriatric maniac who chained smoked cigarettes and huffed lighter fluid like it was her last day on Earth could hop over two fences, clime a wall and swim across a lake with a case of beer in her teeth to get away from the cops? No. Well, not all Smith's are so hideously disgusting that you want to hang your head in shame as soon as you pull into the lot. In fact, and this still amazes me as much a why Lady Gaga is famous, but some of the Smith's are really nice. Lick the floor and not get hepatitis B nice. Which is great.  Sadly, this one is NOT nice. It is like my Grandmother's corset...old, ugly, dingy and shouldn't be seen by anyone!Smith's is good for Las Vegas. It says, you like new and pretty, well we are old and crappy. You like the flavor of the month, our flavor is a big helping of Get The Hell Out of Here. You want nice there's a whole foods right up the street, hippie!Smith's is cheap. It has what you need and in the end you like it because it isn't always the prettiest. All the reasons you love Rex. All the reasons you hate Rex...and Smith's.  We are your dirty little secret. We are your little germ factories. Enter Smith's...be entered by Rex...no good can come from either...but despite knowing that...or because of it...we will both see you again, head hung in shame, still befuddled by our charms. Smith's is here for you.  Smith's mocks you when you are leaving.  So does Rex.
4	Of all chain supermarkets, Fresh and Easy reigns supreme, with Smith's right behind.I love that this place:1. open 24 hrs2. has a Starbucks in it3. gives away free sushi samples in the mid-day (I don't care if i'm dieting or not, I'm getting some!)4. has a manager's specials section in about 5 areas that I always scout...and above all GAS REWARDS...but that's at any Smith's!what makes this one special? It just seems nicer! Also I know where their water refill section is, that is, they actually have one....and FYI, there's a redbox outside.Oh and pay attention to the carts of clearance right inside, the corner by Starbucks.Hooray for clearance.
5	This is my Smiths, lol. I've been coming to this location for decades!! They've always been professional and courteous. Everything there is well socked and have many discounted items. With self check-out as well, it's easy to get in and out with everything you need.
1	I've been willing to brave the crackheads and derelicts because the prices are so much cheaper than Vons. Finally had my fill. Staff is constantly changing, horribly mismanaged and rude. Expired food on display bleh. Deli is a mess. From the chubby guy with missing bolts in his floppy ears that just refuses to smile, to the skinny tweeker that likes to call me honey and wink at me, this place can be a tad unnerving. At this point I'm willing to pay the extra for a cleaner safer shopping experience elsewhere.
3	Compared to other Smith's in town, this location leaves much to be desired.Though it still satisfies with regard selection (especially in the Beer/Wine department), the produce section is unappetizing and the general layout of the store is satisfactory at best.The good news is, you won't spend as much money at this Smith's. Not because the prices are any better there than other locations, but the atmosphere is so unappetizing that you will find your appetite suppressed more and more each minute you spend inside.
4	I love this Smiths. It's very clean, logically laid out and the staff is really friendly. The deli lady actually knows me by name. There is a variety of organic, gluten-free, and imported projects.Definitely my favorite supermarket to shop at.
3	I love it because it's convenient for me, the produce always looks fresh and the deli/bakery is great. I hate it for the parking alone. The lot is too poorly designed/sized to accommodate the amount and types of businesses located there. There is no back 40 to park in, so to speak, because Smith's back 40 is another businesses front row.
3	Lately Ive been slacking on reviews bc I have a life so here goes!I love this Smith's. Its close to my place and has excellent customer service! This Smiths offers a US Bank inside as well as a great organic area!Its open 24hrs per day and the service desk is open until 7pm which is a plus when you need a money order! They offer 2 redbox machines outside and the store is clean and spacious.The beer/liquor selection is pretty decent and the deli has many selections other smiths do not.Get a Smiths rewards card to save!
4	I've shopped at this Smiths 10 times a month for about the last 3 years and I'm pretty happy with it. The staff is very friendly, the store is kept clean and they generally have everything I need. The one deficiency is the produce department. They have a good selection of items, but there are times they are out of things and may not have them for a day or two. This issue has gotten worse over the last year or so since there has been some turn over in that department. Obviously, this doesn't stop me from shopping at this Smiths location, but be forewarned that this may be a problem. That being said, if this is your neighborhood store it will still do you well.
4	Oh wow!  I just moved from Rancho Bernardo CA.  I was very disappointed w/the stores A________.  The V___ nearby is good.  But... Smiths yes this is what I was looking for.  Then I figured out Smiths is Kroger and Ralphs is Kroger-yes I am happy.  I love Ralphs.   Oh and the guy at the self check-out Thursday afternoon was helpful and funny.  I don't now why I didn't come here first!
5	I come here all the time because I live next door. The employees are super friendly. Sometimes creepy friendly. They always have someone watching to see what check out lane is shortest for you. Today they double charged me accidentally and immediately charged it back to my card. Great neighborhood place to shop. :)
4	Love this store! Close to home and is open 24 hours! Great for my late night cravings. Never have to wait in line and they always have great sales! Not to mention the fresh sushi. Best thing a pregnant woman can ask for.
5	I really like this Smiths location. The chain is continually voted the best overall supermarket in Vegas. This particular location boasts a few significant differences from some of the others. First , everyone and I mean everyone who works there is friendly. On a typical visit I get greeted 4 or 5 times all over the store by all levels of employee. The management has got it together ! They carry high end brands like Boars Head deli meats as well as their delicious Knockwurst and Brats. But my favorite thing about this store is the variety of organic products - from meat, to produce and most everything in between. It's important nowadays to buy these products as most regular produce is covered with pesticides that are carcinogenic. And one more thing, You can actually buy a brand of potato chip other than Lays at this store . Great place and great people!
5	I live close by so it doesn't take me long time to get there . its clean prices are good not to busy always have sales .
4	I grew up in Austin and started going to Smith's as a little kid with my mom when it opened, so I've always had a soft spot in my heart for it. I know a lot of people are upset with how corporate it is now, but I love the Mothership. You can find good deals if you shop smartly (their 365 brand is pretty reasonable, and they offer good prices on seasonal produce and pay attention to their sales), and their restaurant stations are really good and reasonably priced.
