1	I was at the Mall, going for dinner with a co-worker, when one the reps stopped me and talked to me about Ghost Armor and how it would protect my phone from scratches and was better than the case that I had on my blackberry at the current time.  Th rep told me that my hard case kept in dirt and Ghost Armor would not.  So, they sold me....well, after having Armor on for only one week, it was disgusting...the dirt gets caught in the corners of the "sticky" sticker.  I returned to the stand, that week to show the rep, who was kind when he was selling it to me with "a lifetime warranty", when I returned to show him, he offered no solution and instead told me I could pay for a new "installation".  Don't buy, it's a complete waste of money and the "lifetime" warranty is a total "upsell" and lie.  Word of advice to the proprietor-customer service, starts at the sale, but continues with repeat customers, when you follow up on the come back!
1	DO NOT get Ghost Armor. There are other products out there that will do a better job. Within a month of having my Ghost Armor, the "clear" armor now had a yellow tint to it. Not just a little yellow, but it was bad. The Ghost Armor employee said "your hands must be dirty", and basically said it was my problem. I explained to him that I actually do keep my hands clean and actually wash them quite a few times throughout the day. He said "maybe you should carry around hand sanitizer in your pocket" and I asked "so I have to use hand sanitizer every time I want to use my phone so the armor doesn't turn yellow?" and he said "YUP". I went to Ghost Armor "corporate" and of course they brushed off the issue. Didn't want to do a single thing for me. In fact the person I talked to from corporate seemed like he was a young kid, and couldn't care less about his customers. Just goes to show you what type of company this is...I gave them one last chance to make it right before I started to tell everyone my Ghost Armor horror story, and they didn't want to make it right. So here I am :) Again, DO NOT get Ghost Armor. There are MUCH better alternatives out there.
4	Great customer service! Got in and out within 25 mins on a busy Sat afternoon!  Didn't try to upsell me on anything, told them what I wanted and they were able to provide it. Also it's a lifetime warranty, if it ever peels or flakes off take it to any Ghost Armor and they will fix it for free. They also offer colored back screen overs for your phone and if you get sick of a color fast, for 5 bucks you can switch it out! Yep I am a fan of Ghost Armor! My phone and I love it!
2	I went Arizona Mills to get my ghost armor repaired, the  front  screen had peeled off. The tech informed me he would be happy to replace to for free, however I need to pay $5.00 for his time.  If a product has a lifetime warranty I want to know why I have to pay the tech for their inferior product?
3	The service was ok, no complaints. I haven't had any issues with it yet. I got it done on my Nexus 4. The wait time was about 30 minutes. Which I didn't like, because I hate the Desert Sky Mall.
