5	I'm a huge Mexican food fan and Mango's is tops with me! The enchilladas are delicious and the restaurant seriously has the best chips and salsa in the Valley. I'm also a fan of the agua frescas. I recommend the watermelon or mango.
5	Very good mexican food at a reasonable price.  I went last Tuesday at 1 pm for lunch and it was packed!  There wasn't a table available inside for a while.  They do have outside dining.  I highly recommend their Carne Asada Burrito for $4.95.  It comes with fresh chips and salsa.  The burrito was about the size of Chipotle's.  It is a sit down restaurant with servers, so don't think fast food just because it is a small location than normal.  A good value considering the chips are free.  However, be aware that the $.99 tacos don't include chips.  This place is right next door to Milano's Music in Downtown Mesa.
4	This was my fave place to go after work (when I lived in Tempe & worked at Borders) and now I miss it so damn much.  Their tacos were just  the tops.4 stars as once our server was just not on it.  But that was her fault.
3	not impressed.  the food was only so-so.  i can see where people might be drawn to the old town atmosphere, which was pleasant, but i can get better food at filabertos.
5	I love this place! The food is delicious and the staff really nice. I eat here about once a week. Anything shrimp is great. The veggie burro yummy. The fruit drinks are to die for. Get a pint of salsa to go. You'll never buy a jar at the supermarket again.
4	While I still haven't found a cheap Mexican place that compares to those in Chicago, or, say... Mexico, Mango's is a nice place to come for a burrito. And their aguas frescas are really amazing (my favorite is the canteloupe).The enchiladas are pretty typical -- lots and lots of cheese, rice and beans. But the thing that really stands out here are the burritos 'enchilada style.' The basically take the burrito and smother it in sauce and some cheese. It's delicious! I came here yesterday with a coworker and bought the veggie burrito ($4.75) enchilada-style (extra $1.75). It was tasty and fresh-- full of crumbly white cheese, chunks of avocado, onion, rice, beans and fresh jalepenos. Antoher thing I like about this place is that, if you come during lunchtime, you'll actually feel like you're in a "real" city - the tables are crowded, both insdie and outside the buildling, it's loud, there's a mix of business people and families - It's unusual for Mesa, and its really nice.
4	Good salsa and super crispy thick chips, with that alone Mangos (along with the other De La Cruz restaurants) is worth it for breakfast, lunch or dinner. Their Comida Norteno is typical with cheese, refried beans and tacos. The portions are a good size, the food is flavorful, but not too greasy, cheesy or saucy. I think it's all quite delicious. Expect them to be busy at lunch. So if you can swing an 11:30 or 12:45 lunch slot you'll have less crowds to deal with.
4	Mango's is a fixture in downtown Mesa. Everyone in the area knows and loves this place. It has a casual cafe feel, and the food is tremendous.I am not a vegetarian, but the veterinarian burrito (enchilada style) almost converted me. The chips and salsa are wonderful. The service is excellent. They also carry specialty Mexican juices and sodas.I would strongly suggest you try this place for Lunch the next time you're in the downtown Mesa area.
3	It was just a-ok. It didn't make me want to come back and eat there again. I had a chicken chimichanga and felt that Rosa's was better. When I am in the studio at the Mesa Arts Center, I'd run to here if Sweet Cakes was closed.Mango's isn't my first choice. It usually ranks towards the bottom...mostly because I find the food a bit on the blah side.Sorry, Mango's lovers...this one's a bit of a bust for me. Three stars because it could be much much worse.
4	I was going to the bank and happened on this cool little spot on Main Street in downtown Mesa. I have lived in mesa since 93 and have to tell you there has been nothing down there worth mentioning since the Nile Theater. Mango's is a Mexican restaurant with a little flair. The chips and salsa are awesome. I had the hard shell tacos and the tamales and they were great. The wait staff was always there when you needed them.  They have outside seating which is nice during the cooler months. Try it out
4	Went to Mango's again today, food is as good as I remember.  Had the Shrimp Burro and it was excellent.  There were 12 in our group and we had to sit outside on the benches, even with the wind blowing and the leaves falling down in our food at times, it was great.  The staff gladly grabbed us another table so we could at least all sit at a table.  Only reason they didn't get a 5 is because it is downtown Mesa and parking sucks.
4	This place is great. When we are cravin' Mexican, this is our first choice. My hubby loves the carne asada burrito and I am a fan of the basic tacos. Good basic Mexican food, you can go wrong here. And the chips and salsa... yes it's true, they are the best. I can make just a meal of them, and I sort of did when I had the nachos.
2	This place is Okay. Not delicious, and not disgusting. Its whatever. My quesadilla  was good for the first couple bites.. then it started tasting like Chinese food. Weird? Whatev, I killed it cuz I had a long drive home. My friend had a "Killer Burrito" and she enjoyed it! I guess it depends on what you get.Oh also it seemed a little over priced (minus another star for that).. I got a quesadilla with guacamole and sour cream, and a Jarrito for 14 dollars! wtf.. are there taco trucks in Arizona?
4	Mangooooooooo! - a line I remember from SNL. I have been trying to go to Mango's for about 10 years. What took me so long, well I don't get to Mesa much. I was happy I finally did. The interior is a old school mexican food shop. It is counter service but they bring you chips and salsa, food and refill your drinks. We ordered the fish taco's (wow what a kick, these bad boys were spicy) and the carne asada burrito. The fish was really good and nice presentation with chunks of avocado and mandarin orange salsa on top. The burrito was plain looking but the flavors locked inside were awesome.  The chips were thick and crunchy and the salsa was rated at 3 bowls before the food arrived.I will definitely return to this "gem" in downtown Mesa.
4	Love this place.Seriously, the best carne asada burrito I've ever had....Their chips and salsa are good too, but you WILL have dragon breath for the rest of the day - just a warning.I need to try something else on the menu, but I can't help but be lured by the siren song of carne asada!When I brought a friend he got the carne asada tacos and a watermelon agua fresca.  He says that he's dreamt about that drink ever since.
4	I was first introduced to Mango's by a coworker when I was employed by a company based in downtown Mesa. After quickly tiring of all the typical stuff in the area, I was excited to try something new and he mentioned that they had great salsa and $0.99 chicken tacos from 2-4. That was all that needed to be said, as those are two of my favorite things when it comes to Mexican food. Unfortunately, they no longer do the $0.99 chicken taco special (damn you, economy! This is the only reason I can't give it a 5 star rating, it's a little pricey for what you get) but I still make it a point to stop by from time to time and grub here. The salsa is indeed quite good, and the chicken tacos (while a little on the greasy side) are worth the trip.
4	Torta was aweome and my wife loved her chicken enchilada. Getting my wife to try anything other than taco bell is a major feat, and the fact hat she made a point to say she liked it speaks volumes. We will be goin back.
3	I went here last week for lunch since a colleague recommended it. I work near Country Club and the north 202 and am getting tired of the same old places within a 1-3 mile radius from work - so I was excited to try something new. Typically when I go to Mexican restaurants I order shredded beef hard shell taco's (boring, I know!). They were actually very good, but kind of expensive for their size - I think I paid almost $7 for 2 tacos. The chips and salsa that came with the meal were also pretty good, although I had to salt the chips a lot to get them just right. My colleague got the steak burrito and said he really enjoyed that. Would give it a higher rating if it either the food portions were bigger or the prices were cheaper.
3	I walked into Mango's when I first moved to Arizona.  I met up some friends here who grew up in Arizona and said this place was awesome.  I don't know if it was awesome but I was soooo hungry.  I ordered the killer burrito.  It was actually realllly good but I don't know if I would call it a killer burrito.  I'm from California and when you go to a Mexican place and order something called a 'killer burrito' it usually comes out the length of my arm. Anyhow, Mango's killer burrito was quite small in size but still good...but it was over priced.Nothing wowed me here and I haven't really found my way back there.  My roommate ordered a quesdilla and she did NOT like it.  I would definitely pass on that. I think it might have been the grease but she said at one point it tasted like chinese food? No thanks.
3	Went here a few weeks ago while visiting the Mesa area for business.  I was really hopeful that it would be the best, but it was just OK.  I got a Chicken Chimichanga with rice/beans and like I said, it was just OK.  The limeade was great, but the food left me looking for more.  We did get to sit outside in the 65 degree weather which was a nice change for me from 25 degree Utah at the time.  That was the best part for me.
3	Probably the first Mexican restaurant I ate at upon moving to the East Valley. I'm a bit of a connoisseur now since I've eaten at a hundred other joints since then. Great carne asada. Probably in the Top Ten. Burros are fab and their chips and salsa are way yummy. The place is kind of small and can get crowed when there's an event at the Mesa Arts Center seeing how Subway and Jack in the Crack seem to be the only other real choices in swanky downtown Mesa. But they do have a nice little patio out front. Prices are reasonable and portion sizes are too!
4	You know, downtown Mesa isn't half bad.  It is quaint and has some understated charm.  Mango's is the same way.  Aside from the kitschy tropical decor, the place has a comfortable feel and the Mexican standards are executed as well as any abuela.  They have some great dishes just beyond the realm of the traditional.  Their tilapia is mild and light, seasoned perfectly by the onion and cilantro.  There are so many other nooks of the Valley that get so much more attention.  Spend an evening in downtown Mesa and have your dinner at Mango's.  It will be pleasant, I promise.
4	Now THIS is real Mexican food! The food is simple, DELICIOUS & very reasonably priced. You have to place your order at the counter & then they normally bring it to your table for you. I always get an Horchata to sip on while I wait :) One of my favorite entrees there is the Carne Asada Torta,,,,,, yum! But I have yet to try anything there that I wasn't happy with.And don't skip desert, forget the never ending diet & indulge in some fresh home made flan :) You won't be sorry! The staff are friendly & make you feel at home :) The location is small (tables inside & a few outside), bright, lively & inviting. They are located near a gallery that you can saunter through until you're able to button your pants back again, lol It gets full at midday, so it's best if you go before or after the lunch rush. Parking is a bit difficult to find, but it's worth it.
4	1st..downtown Mesa needs to get its props. They have some really good places to check out and Mango's is one of them.  Mangos is one of my favorite Mexican food stops. I love their taco salads because their tacos are homemade and soooo delish. I also love their 100% fruit juices, so simple and so good. You gotta get there before the lunch crowd if you want some though, they run out super fast. Simple, Delish, and fun.  Oh....and here's a lil inside hint, going to the bathroom there is an adventure on its own....
5	This place is one of the best Mexican restaurants you can find in AZ! Now, its not the fanciest, most expensive, or anything like that, but their food is mind-blowing! Depending on when you go, you may be in for a bit of a wait because the restaurant is small, but it is well worth waiting for. When I worked at the Bank of America across the street, I made a trip to Mango's on a daily basis. My favorite thing on their menu is their Chimichangas but everything is worth a taste. Their seafood tacos/burritos are delicious and you won't be able to find better fruit drinks anywhere! The price is fair and you won't be sad that you dropped the money. Beyond this, the staff is amazingly friendly. While they don't speak very good English, they make up for it in great service. The owner is also nearly always there and makes it a very great experience. Mango's is one of those places you can't just go to once. My taste buds still yearn for this food even though I am thousands of miles away!
2	This place is really not good.  I'm really not sure why it is so highly praised.  I had the tilapia tacos, a Senorial Sangria, and the flan.  The tacos, at a somewhat steep $10 or so, were the most bland fish tacos I've had in awhile.  Toppings?  Nothing.  Just some cilantro or something; not even any cabbage or sauce.  Tia Rosa's Tacqueria has far superior fish tacos for a smaller price.The rice that came on the plate was bland, but that's OK, because it's rice, and you don't expect much from that.  The refried beans were lousy and had no flavor.The flan was terribly disappointing.  It did not have that creamy flan texture, and was actually as firm as cheesecake.  The taste was very dull.  Maybe Mexican flan is supposed to be that way... if it is, pretty much every other country makes better flan.I did enjoy the Senorial, but pretty much every Mexican joint these days serves that.One thing they do deserve props for is the service.  Considering how crowded the place was, they did an excellent job making sure there was water on the table, not messing up orders, etc.
5	One of our favorite go-to Mexican restaurants in downtown Mesa. Very friendly staff, wonderful fish tacos.
5	looove Mangos! one of the best things about mesa!
5	Ohhhh Maaaangos!!! I have been having a love affair with this place for about 10 years. It has NEVER let me down. The chips are homemade and always fresh and warm, the salsa is super delicious. My favorites are the Veggie and Shredded beef burritos, the nachos are also crazy good. The service is awesome, I love all the people that work there..and they've all been working there a super long time! The drinks are huge. The food is fresh. I can't say enough good about this place...Just go and see for yourself!!
4	I love mangoes, service is always good, the homemade juices are so delicious! Atmosphere is great. The only complaints I have is that they close a little early and the prices are a little high. Other than that the food is tasty and I will be going back.
3	I bet you suburbanites of "America's most boring city" love paying top dollar to get just decent Mexican food. When it comes to my search for great Mexican food, I just can't catch a break outside of the barrio. I ordered the Killer Burrito. Beef, beans, guac, and sour cream. Possibly a bit of cheese. The tortillas are made fresh from scratch, and taste amazing. Their beef tastes exactly like it would from someone's home. The salsa was nothing to get excited over, but the fresh, hot chips were great.So you're probably wondering why I gave this two stars?The prices are a joke! If you don't believe me, laugh at this:Any plain burrito (carne asada, chicken, etc.) is $6, but if you don't like yours plain, it'll cost ya.The horchata costs $2.75, and it's the fountain drink horchata, NOT the real stuff.A quesadilla with carne asada, sour cream, and guac comes out to $11.00. Yeah, I made that face, too.My burrito was $7.50. No, portions are NOT huge, they're the same as every other place. So in reality you're paying up to *double* the price for your meal (just think of that quesadilla!), and you're certainly not getting the quality to match. But does Mesa really have an alternative?
4	Great, fast option in downtown Mesa. They have unique non-alcoholic drink options and the chimichangas are amazing. There are a few patio tables that offer nice views of the downtown area.
4	I really liked Mango's. The food was good, and the environment was comfortable. I use chimichangas as a test of a Mexican food restaurant. I oredered a shredded beef Chimi, and it was great. The beef had lots of character and the sauce was unique - fruit and vegetable bits inside - I was pleasantly surprised.  The chips were very good - not too greasy. The sauce was alright - a little 'wet' for my taste.   The price was a little higher than I saw in other reviews. You're going to drop pretty close to $10 on any meal here.   All in all, while I may not make a trip just to come here (I live in West Phoenix), I would be happy to eat here if I'm in the area.
4	I'm a newbie to the Mesa area, and I've been on the hunt for places to go during my lunch hour. Once my co-workers introduced me to Mango's  I was hooked. This is a perfect place for lunch in downtown Mesa. The service is super friendly and fast, so it's easy for me to get in and out if I'm busy. Their menu is yummy and authentic. I always leave here feeling satisfied and each dish is very reasonably priced. As a result, this spot has become a regular in my lunch destination rotation.The tacos, tostadas and burittos are some of the highlights on Mango's menu. I can't even begin to pick a favorite because eveytime I try something new I'm happily surprised! They have tons of options, too. I'm dangerously addicted to their endless chips and salsa, and their guacamole is delicious. So, if your find yourself in Mesa and you're looking for food, you simply can't go wrong here. Mango's is great!
3	Chicken burrito and bean and cheese burrito are very good, but if you're getting them to go, be prepared for some mess, especially if they are placed vertically in a bag, wrapped not in aluminum foil but in paper. Chicken is good quality, with chopped up tomato/salsa inside.  Chips and salsa are quite good, but chips were inexplicably placed loose in the to-go bag on top of the burritos, requiring some messy digging to get to the burritos.  Mangos' staff is very courteous.
5	Mango's is by far the best Mexican food I've had in Arizona. I'm from LA so finding good Mexican food in Arizona that suits the style I'm used to has been pretty disappointing. For a metro area that has so many Mexican restaurants it's pretty pathetic that there is only one I really like. And that of course, is Mango's. The chips and salsa are so delicious! It's seriously the best salsa I've had in AZ. And it's FREE - included in your meal like chips and salsa should be! I hate going to places where I end up paying extra for chips and salsa and they give me some nasty red sauce with seeds in it. That shit is all over AZ, seriously what gives? Anyway, I am obsessed with shredded beef crispy tacos and this place has really good ones. I used to work in Mesa so it was close by for a lunch break but I no longer work there so I haven't been back in a couple months. I drove 20 minutes out of my way yesterday to get me a shredded beef taco from Mango's and I get there and they were freaking closed! Apparently they close at 4 on Monday's (and I believe 7 the rest of the week, closed Sunday). I was super bummed :( I ended up going a few blocks up to Rosa's and the taco was good but their salsa was very meh. A short rebuttal to the negative reviews given:I would seriously question the reliability of reviews given by people who ordered quesadillas and burritos. To begin with, I think there is always something wrong with a person who goes to a Mexican restaurant and orders a quesadilla. Unless you're under 12, grow up and order some big boy food. Any asshole can make a quesadilla or a burrito. If you are going to review a Mexican restaurant I think it should be on the entrees that actually require some skill: enchiladas, tamales, tacos, etc. And in that regard, Mango's does an excellent job. It is a tad expensive for what you get, but I will gladly continue to pay a little extra for the on-point flavors. Also, if anyone has any recommendations for great crispy shredded beef tacos closer to N. Tempe/S. Scottsdale I'm all ears!
5	Best homemade chips & salsa around!
5	My girlfriend & I just moved here about 2 years ago from San Antonio after being there for 30 years.  Let me tell you that there are literally hundreds of Mexican restaurants in that city & about 90% of them are 5 STAR quality in terms of taste.  I grew up in that city & at now that I am 32 & away from there, I've have grown to appreciate great food.  Arizona, or maybe more specifically the Phoenix Metro area, (I don't know), has Mexican restaurants that just plain suck compared to San Antonio restaurants.  Yeah there are a few good ones here & there like Aunt-Chiladas, Arribas, & La Fondas, but nothing can beat Mangos.  Their Spanish rice is not like those other restaurants.  I don't know what they put in that rice that makes it taste not so good, but Mangos skips that ingredient & what we have here is a gold mine.   All of their meats taste as if they were marinated overnight or something.  Too good.I work at the Wells Fargo building about a half a mile away & was here for almost a year before a new guy who started working in my office decided to let me in on downtown Mesa's little secret.  I had no clue what I was in for when we went there to take out for lunch.  Incredible food.   Free chips.  Salsa that does NOT have stupid jalapeno seeds.  Not everyone likes freaking hot stuff, Arizona!  I remember ordering over the phone a simple bean & cheese burrito.  Nothing more.  The guy TOTALLY got me.  The reason I made that known is because I still can't get over the experience I had at another joint called Filberto's.  Oh my God, this place is the pits.  I decided to try it against my girlfriends recommendation not to.  I should have listened to her.  I went there to order a simple bean & cheese taco & the guy looked at me with a blank stare.   Then I said it in Spanish so maybe he could understand more.  He shrugged his shoulders. Guy didn't have a clue!  Getting off topic so moving on...  My whole point was that Mangos understands me!  In response to the chick from LA, I agree with almost everything you said, except two things: you said that we should grow up & order big boy food.  I couldn't give two craps about all that hogwash.  I'll order what I want to order.  I do not want big boy food.  If that means I want little boy food, then WTH is the problem.  I'm not into all that macho bull*** that 90 percent of Americans swear by.  I'm the anti-macho if you couldn't already tell by my wording of this incredibly long review this is starting to become.  :-)   I grew up on plain old boring bean & cheese tacos & burritos, so chew on that.  I'll eat those things til I reach 100 years old & beyond..  Guaranteed.  All I know is that Mangos delivers.  Not literally, but you know.   Also if there is something wrong with me for wanting simple food, then SO BE IT.  Skilled or not, anyone in the Mexican food business, should be able to understand frijoles con queso!  Again, my point being that MANGOS UNDERSTANDS ME.& maybe I'm a little boring when it comes to food.  When I ordered my bean & cheese burrito, I asked the guy to not put in pico-de-gallo which is the little onions, tomatoes, & other green stuff that die hard Mexican-food lovers like.  He said that was fine.  He didn't even sweat it.  Then I told him to put in some beef.  Oh man, was that a meal.  Just that burrito alone made me full all the way from lunch until it was time to eat my midnight snack.  I was not hungry that WHOLE time.  This should tell you how large these things are & how filled they make them.  The insides are busting out of the lovely flour tortilla.  This place deserves 5 stars for sure.  Excellent place to eat.  Yelpers, eat here to have a great Mexican meal & be full for hours & hours.Mangos, thank you for giving me my Mexican food I remember from my hometown.  :-)
5	Loved this place!  It was just what we were looking for after a long day in the car.  The guys who work there were funny and polite - and the food was amazing.  And yes, the salsa was out of this world!
3	Local restaurant with blah Mexican food.  I have had some great food and this wasn't one of the places that served it.  Prices are okay and they only take cash.
5	Yummy all the way.  Hard to get all the basics exactly right but Mangos has delicious beans, rice, tortillas, and the Carne asada is bomb.  Then to top it off they have the awesome fresh fruit drinks which are a highlight for me.  I like to mix them, strawberry with pineapple, mango, watermelon, they all make my mouth water.
4	Yay! this place is surprisingly good! :D With all the bad mexican food i've had since I moved to AZ I was really really happy to find this place. The chips and salsa were fresh and tasty. I ordered the Killer Burrito with pollo asado. So yummy! You could tell that all the ingredients were fresh; from the tortilla to the guac that rocks to the perfectly seasoned chicken (not too salty and not too bland). We also got a carne asada burrito enchilada style. The carne asada was also really tender and moist not dry and hard to swallow like some other places. The red sauce was also really really flavorful and good. I asked the waiter for some hot sauce and he offered up tapatio which is decent. But then he surprised me with salsa with some habanero in it. oh man! I love spicy foods so that really hit the spot and also gave him some brownie points for going above and beyond. The location of the place is also in a cool area of downtown Mesa. Nearby is a bit rundown but right along Main street is kind of a cool place to walk around with a guitar shop, piano shop, sweet cakes bakery, the monsterland bar and grill (which is on my list of to dos :D), etc. Yummy food, great service, great experience!
1	We got food poisoning from coming here! The wait was long, the food average, and a night of praying to the porcelain god made this whole thing a terrible experience.
4	Excellent food! I was here for a lunch meeting and was treated but I believe for the 3 of us the bill came out to $40 if you're trying to estimate cost. Note we were here on a Monday and they close at 4:00 pm on Monday's. There was ample seating inside, but I can see it hard to grab a seat during the lunch rush. They have your standard mexican dishes. I was craving some tacos so I ordered the Al Pastor Taco combo with beans and rice. I was hardly able to finish but it was too good to leave left overs. The chips and salsa were yummy too. Interestingly enough they were lacking hot sauce options and brought out a small condiment cup of Tapatio when I asked for some. Everyone else seemed to tear up their food as well and seemed satisfied. Reason for the 4 stars then? It's not the best mexican food I've had, so I have to save the 5 stars for my favorite places, but for a lot of people this is a 5 star place.
1	Be prepared to be overcharged. In addition to paying an arm and a leg for a breakfast burrito, I also had to deal with one of rudest staff members that works there! I would have kept paying their outrageous prices (I am a fan of supporting local businesses), but after being so rudely mistreated by their main staff member, I have not and will not visit again! I would also discourage others from going there, until Mangos rethinks their prices.. and hires new and friendlier (English-speaking) staff!
5	Best all you can grub chips and salsa in Mesa! Great menu choices, fresh, friendly staff, and great orchata! They switched to cash only though a few months back so heads up!
4	I have been going to Mango's for years! The food is great! The service is great as well! I have never left Mango's feeling disappointed or ripped off! Everything i have gotten there has been great! It can get really croweded during the lunch and dinner rushes, so if you are short on time watch out! They also ONLY accept cash, i think they just started that just recently, a friend had to spot me last time because i didn't have any cash, so make sure you bring cash!
5	Mangos has a few things that make it as good as it gets! For starters, the food is phenomenal! It doesn't matter what you want, it will have flavor and incredible taste! Not just that, every time I come the waiter is attentive and genuine. During the cooler seasons they have fresh tamales available - first come first serve. Heads up it's cash only - but worth a trip to the ATM if need be.
5	There is not much in downtown mesa that is not closed, closing, or newly opened. Most shops in dowtown mesa last a few months at best then fold up. Mango's is an exception to the rule. They have been there a while, the food is excellent, the price is inexpensive, service fast and freindly, and the outside seating is nice. Check this place out, its pretty much your only choice in downtown mesa, but it's still pretty good!
4	Food-  Amazing nachos!  Best i've ever had.  Plenty of toppings, well worth the 9 dollarsService-The guy behind the counter is very nice and makes excellent suggestions and remembers me every time I come in and asks how his suggestion panned out!Ambiance-Nice little spot, nothing fancy
5	My favorite restaurant in AZ, No Contest!!! Awesome staff, delicious food and the best salsa!!!!
4	This place ROCKS.  My family showed up, a dozen of us or so, without warning on a Saturday evening and the owner/manager (whoever he was) was so gracious to accommodate us.  The food was really good and the atmosphere lively.  In spite of our sizeable group and a humongous group that came in just after us they still got our food out to our tables in a reasonably short time, hot and delicious.  They kept our chips and salsa (very good salsa, by the way) replenished throughout our stay.  We left happy and satisfied.
5	My husband and I came to Mesa for a convention.  We wanted to eat close to our hotel which was on Main Street. Thanks to fellow yelpers we chose Mangos.  We both had the special which was steak fajitas.  Our food was served hot and quickly after we ordered.  The customer service was outstanding.  We will go back again before we leave town.
2	The food was decent other than the brown/rotting avocados they served and said "that's how they always are".  I grew up in so cal with two huge avocado trees that produce 2000+ avocados a year and avocados aren't supposed to be brown.  It's also very cramped inside, almost no seating available, I think it maybe had seating for like 20 or so people at the most.
5	Excellent food, I love their $2 taco special happy hour!!!!!!!!!! And their fish tacos are awesome, but I get the spicy stuff on the side, it's a little pungent. The chips and dip are oddly addicting, and worth going in themselves. It's a place to go with a good friend, it's not very large, but it's very colorful inside, and the waiters are nice.
3	The food was good but they charge for salsa and nachos. When I asked I was told that we were a couple they have to charge. Gofey answer.  Bill HareScottsdale
5	I was hesitant to try this place, but it was so busy. And I was with my Pescatarian friend. Prices were not too bad.  The food was excellent. I got a shrimp burrito and a shrimp taco combo. One of them had a little spicy jalapeno chopped up in it, but not too bad.  I would recommend this to anyone.We were hesitant to use the restroom, but it wasn't bad at all.  The place is small, cozy.  As mentioned, very busy.  We went on 2nd Friday (Mesa downtown monthly event).
2	The green chile burrito was different from what I've had in the past. They use oregano vs cumin to flavor the meat. I can't say I'm in favor of it.
5	This our go to place for damn good homestyle Mexican food!  No frills at this small dive BUT you will not be disappointed.  My fave is the carne asada tacos.  Love, love, love!  Oh and THE BEST chips and salsa in the Phoenix area!
3	I have had lunch here twice. The staff was courteous and food arrived in good time. First time there I had the steak fajitas. The fajita platter portion was good but the steak was a little tough but tasty. The second time I was there, I was so hungry, I would have gladly eaten the anus out of a dead platypus. This time I ordered the beef chimichanga. The shredded beef was tender but somewhat bland. All in all a pretty decent place to eat but I thought the prices a bit on the high side.
1	Owner is a crook period
4	If you go, try the carne asada street tacos. Love that they have fountain drinks and 20 oz. Pepsi products. The owner is kind and helpful and the bus man is awesome. He's happy to give extra help if you always forget to get your side of sour cream before your food comes out! Who me?!? :)
4	come here frequently but first time yelping the place. Simple menu but good fresh food and service. Prices a little high, but it isn't fast food either.  Chips and salsa are very good as is the carne asada.
4	Great food!  Had the carne asada plato special which was really tasty! Friend had Killer Burrito off menu which he loved. Service was so so. The man at the register was fantastic. Drinks not refilled and no one came back to check on us. All forgivable.  We'll be back for sure.
4	Ay dios mio, the Chile Relleno was to die for! And homemade tortillas, yum. Solid fare in downtown Mesa.
5	The best chips and salsa in Arizona hands down!! The nachos machos and the killer burrito are not half bad either :) Just have to be here early to get the fresh frescas, otherwise they are gone by lunch time. Only downside is they do not serve cervesas :/
5	Delicious food and friendly staff. They serve complementary chips and salsa and they're salsa is about as good as it gets. Today I had a shrimp burrito which included avocado in what seemed to be a home made tortilla. The indoor seating is colorful and the outdoor seating is along a south facing walkway - perfect for that winter sun.
4	I enjoyed in immensely with only a few slight draw backs. The location is wonderful. I am not a desert fan, but there is something nice about eating outside on a warm day when it's January 4th. I had the chimichanga which was delicious. I chose the chicken which had a wonderful fresh flavor and a nice spice. My girlfriend had a burrito, which neither of us enjoyed as much because the flour tortilla tasted a little flat and she didn't enjoy the spice of the chicken. The chips where great, with a flour/corn mix flavor. I thought the salsa was good but bland. It tasted fresh, but lacked bite. I spiced it up and it was much better. The rice was some of the best I have had, and the beans were very good. I have had refried beans on a couple of different occasions in Phoenix and often there is a real smokey flavor. I love it, but it takes some getting used to. All and all I would recommend this place for a reasonable and good meal.
4	Stopped by because we were checking out the venues for our 2015 wedding and we were hungry. At first I thought the prices were a bit high, we ordered some fajitas, but when we got our dish I was surprised at how much food there was on the plate.It was also very delicious.The service was not too bad either as its pay first then eat.I will definetly come again.
4	Small cafe, but great food!!!  No cocktails here, but Desert Eagle Brewery is on the same block. Cheers and enjoy!
5	Love, love, love. This place was great. The soft tacos I had were overflowing with chicken; the rice and beans were delicious. I would eat here daily if I could!
4	Great Mexican food. They put a lot of time and care in their food. They make chips and salsa fresh and have great guacamole!
5	Had a burrito with carne asada it was good. But when I put the salsa on it it was superb! Had just the right portion to fill me up! Great
5	Have driven by this place a few times and decided to stop in today. A nice little cafe with indoor and patio seating. Ordered the shredded chicken enchiladas and they were absolutely delicious!! All the staff are very nice and accommodating. The prices are a little high but the portions are a decent size. Left pleasantly full and will definitely be back in the near future.
2	I really grow weary of people talking this place up as the place you would HAVE to bring outta-towners for good Mexican food in Arizona. The aguas frescas are really the best thing here. You have to have an early lunch though because they run out way too fast. For the life of me I will never understand why, if there is a high demand for one of your products, you wouldn't make more of it. In the past when I ate here, they would have about 3 5-gallon containers of 3 different flavors. This time they had one and I didn't bother to even ask what it was. It looked like a basic lemonade and there was about 2 gallons left at 1 pm, so it couldn't have been great. The aguas frescas are really the only reason that I would consider 3 stars on this place. I've been 4-5 times over a period of about 10 years. Every time I go I leave disappointed. The beans are okay. The rice is dry. The meat is average. I've had chicken, carbon, and carne asada, and they all have been just fine. The restaurant is very small and crowded with a terrible layout. I realize that they have probably done the best they could with the space they have, but if there is any line at all people will be standing in line next to your table and orders will be coming from the kitchen and through the line to incessantly interrupt any conversations that you are trying to have. The hype behind this place probably impacts the harshness of my critique as well. If I was in the area, too hungry to wait and drive somewhere else to eat, or out of gas, all while being in the mood for the semblance of Mexican food, then I might stop in for a bite. Otherwise, there is much better Mexican food to be had in Arizona.
5	I'm very picky when it comes to good Mexican food. I'm not a fan of TexMex... nor can I stand food so spicy I have to pop a couple Zantac's when I get home. If you're looking for amazing flavor at a reasonable price with a downtown feel... THIS IS THE PLACE! While we were in line to order we met a couple who has been eating at Mango's for the past 15 years! Now that's saying something!  I ordered the cheese enchilada and shredded beef taco and my husband had the same. The staff and people were so friendly and down to earth... I can definitely say we will be back again and again! Thank you Mango's! It was delicioso!
4	We thought that this was a solid gringo Mexican restaurant with decent salsa and chips, beans, and rice. The prices were OK and the staff was friendly.I came on a Saturday afternoon, and it was very busy with a long wait to order at the counter. Once you order it's seat yourself and there's indoor and outdoor seating. The food came pretty quickly.  I had fish tacos, which I'm not a huge fan of in general so maybe no the best judge, but they were good. There was a lot of citrus and everything was very fresh.
5	Oh Mango's --- how I love you and staff, especially David. Even when missed a few years in a row of visiting, David remembered us, our son, and always asks about the missing one in our family if we come with out someone. Staff is awesome- always ready to help. Yes you order then they bring you drinks, chips and salsa, but they are so on top of things, sometimes they are waiting on you to pick a table and follow you to your table. Outside seating is nice, although not during "rush hour' - ok it doesn't get that busy on Main, but I don't like smelling traffic when it's heavier than normal. But a few spring evenings we have not wanted to leave the nice breeze and occasion music that someone has stopped to make a few tips. FOOD -- I'm one that if I find something I like at a restaurant that I get the same thing everytime. BUT not at Mango's - every dish I've tried I have loved. I get all kinds of things. Their chicken tacos have a bit to them, but I'm  a slight wimp. The shrimp burrito is amazing - again warmer than normal. SHredded beef is awesome. They use white cheese in their quesidillas. Their chips are AMAZING and i love their salsa. They have the frescas, but when we go at night they don't have them. Sat mornings is the best chance at the watermelon- which is TO die for! LOVE everything I have had! See you soon David!
4	I ordered a torta and a taco with chips and salsa, both were very good.  The Staff was also friendly.
4	A very traditional, old fashioned Mom & Pops run Mexican restaurant. It's small in there but they have a few seats outside,  useable only on non-sweltering Phoenix days. Newcomers note - there is no Hostess. You have to go to the counter and order. But David (owner?) Will gladly make a recommendation as he did to me.I got the Burrito stuffed with shreaded beef, rice and beans. He then recommended Christmas style, meaning dressed in red and green chilies. It was a really good, tasty and large burrito. Their chips are homemade and delicious. While their salsa was decent it was a little watery for my taste. I prefer a chunky style and a little more heat.Overall a good choice for solid Mexican food in Downtown Mesa.Oh they don't take Amex.
4	I come here a lot because it's close to work...the chips & salsa are the best. I can only brag about the shrimp burrito as that's the only thing I ever order from here. I love anything with shrimp & their tortillas are bomb.com Maybe one day I'll branch out and try something new.
5	Five stars all the way for our first visit! We both had the tacos which were fantastic!! The chips and salsa were homemade and delicious! The topping on the cake was that we showed up impromptu 5 minutes before they closed but they stayed open and made us a delicious mexican dinner!! Plus, the outdoor seating in downtown mesa makes for some awesome scenery!  Enjoy!!
1	Disgusting! Just found a spider in my quesadilla, I called and complained and was treated like i was lying. I was told to bring the food back because the cook stated that it couldnt be possible. my goal was to take it back no matter what a get a refund! Not very professional to tell the consumer they are lying!
5	Closest thing to real mexican food you will get in mesa. Their street tacos are great and even though they are usually lines going out the door. they get the food out quick.
5	New in town and Loving this place... Chips and salsa are Legit, and best burrito ever! New fave place to eat!
4	I always order the carne asado burrito whenever I see it on a menu. Gave this one a whirl and was quite pleased with it. Add in the chips and salsa and I was a happy man.
4	Always a good Mexican meal and reasonably priced!   I love the shredded beef tacos with their salsa, so yummy!
5	Great patio! Great location! Great service and great food! What more can you ask for??
3	I came in today, 10/27/14, because I had been here before and enjoyed the food, but it had been a while since I've been here. The timeliness of the orders is good, but the quality is standard, my Horchata, which is my favorite drink aside from eggnog and root beer, wasn't very good it was watery and disappointing and the food wasn't really worth the $13 I paid for a chicken burrito. I did appreciate one of the employees (manager or owner maybe?) thanking me for remembering Mango's from two years ago, but they need to step their game up. Sorry guys.
5	Great Mexican food. Small restaurant with some indoor and outdoor seating. Walk up order style.
5	Absolutely love this place. Especially when so many Mexican restaurants look the same and taste the same. (I.e. Filobertos, Adalbertos, Albertos, Berto Berto.) The food here is unique and has great vegetarian options. Also hands down has the best Salsa in all of Phoenix Metro. I will drive from Tempe just to get some of their salsa.  Cashier is always nice and remembers me.
5	We've been coming here since they opened and mangos never disappoints! The chips and salsa are to die for, and everything on the menu is delicious. The bean and cheese burrito, chicken soft tacos, street tacos, rice, beans and fresh juice are just a few of my favorites! The staff is always friendly and welcoming. It's truly a gem of downtown!
4	Located in downtown, Mango's is the place for green chili burros in Mesa. The owner welcomes us each visit warmly. The  space is bright and colorful with lively music filling the air. We've always found the space clean, tables cleared off, with a generous outside dining area. Chairs aren't as comfy as I like when porking down some green chili, but the mural above quickly distracts you. Ordering at the counter, chips and salsa quickly arrives as you select your table with open seating. Staff is responsive with water and refills, with your order arriving in a timely manner. It is our Mexican food go to in Mesa.
4	I used to have this sort "ugh, mexican food for snowbird tourists" attitude towards Mango's. I live and work right in downtown Mesa, and have eaten there maybe twice over the last 9 years... it wasn't until recently that suddenly the joy and amazingness of Mango's really showed itself to me. The environment is almost tropical, and very pleasant.. lots of color, and vibe. Great music. The food is pretty great. Their pollo asado is just killer, and they certainly serve one of the most hearty, tasty quesadillas I've ever experienced. Their chimichangas, and just about everything else are also fantastic. I'm looking at lovely Mango's outside of my office window as I type this, and I'm tempted to run over and stuff my face with like.. 20 dollars worth of food, but I don't want to rupture my gut on Christmas Eve. It's a true institution in Mesa, an area that truly deserves more love than the rest of the valley gives it. Come on down, and check it out!
