4	Nice shop with lots of options & accessories. Staff is super friendly & accommodating. I think the prices seam to be inline. So all in all a place where I feel composed to buy my motorcycle gear
5	Great service and friendly staff. Stopped in looking to buy my first leather motorcycle jacket. They were very helpful.
5	Wow! Very impressed. I went to cycle gear to buy a jacket and left with a vest that was in my budget. The lace on the sides broke within 2 uses. I went back to cycle gear to get the lace replaced for free and they said they would have to warranty the vest OR I could go to joetas. I went down to joetas and had the lace in my hand in less than a minute and decided I would look around. The helpful girl at the counter fit me for a leather jacket and a vest for $100. Yeah that's right! So I returned my $130 vest to cycle gear and came back to joetas and walked out with a beautiful leather jacket and a vest with replacement laces for less than half the price. I took a fistful of business cards and you better believe I'll be talking about them for a while. Also my girl said I looked sexy!
5	Extremely impressed. Everyone was beyond friendly. I appreciate when I go in a place that I'm not made to feel unwelcome or unworthy despite how I'm dressed. Staff were personal, kind, and beyond helpful & knowledgable. This will be the only place I shop from now on!
1	I've been a customer here for the past 12 years, back when they were a newer kid on this sun drenched block along the almost always dezo stretch of Main street in Mesa, Mesa what a place-a (I think that was the motto for the city back in the day, no kidding.  I'm sure that genius got fired).During that time, I've stopped in about 1-2 times each year and have purchased about a dozen pairs of sunglasses, night riding glasses, a leather vest and a pair of leather chaps for them cold desert nights, in addition to recommending the joint to friends and friends of friends.  You get my drift.  I was a loyal customer, even after moving out of state several years back, I still made it a point to get my shades there when I would roll into town once or twice a year.  I still have the chaps and vest.So it is with regret that I write this review, based on one big fucking lousy incident, that was so poorly handled by Joeta and company, that it must be shared.  I guess some businesses are great to deal with, as long as things don't go tits up, but when they do, you're on your own, unless you paid with a credit card.Here's how it all went down:I rolled into AZ, needing yet another pair of sunglasses (when you ride as much as I do, you tend to go through shades about once each year, that's why I don't drop more than 20 bucks a pop for them).  The gal behind the counter doesn't have my style in stock, but being the great salesperson, she recommends these new "transition shades", which go from light to dark as fast as a desert tortoise can cross the I-10 in rush hour.  She tells me it's like 2 pairs in 1, so I go for it, knowing that I'll eventually need a new pair of night riding glasses.  I put them on.  I hit the road the next day.  I ride 800 miles across 3 states.  Desert and mountains.  Early morning light, midday light and early evening light.  I'm just not impressed with them, because they take too fucking long to transition between light and dark, and when you're riding in/out of tree covered winding mountain roads, you need to see where the fuck you're going.A few days later, I call them about it.  I explain the California terrain.  I tell the gal those shades are best for wide open sunny desert riding.  They're not for me.  She offers to replace, exchange or refund, because "we stand behind everything we sell"."Great, let's just stick with a pair of dark and a pair of yellows.  I'll send you a picture, so you know exactly what I need".  I'm told yellows not in stock until the weekend.  Perhaps clears?  I say I'll wait until the weekend because I've already purchased clears in the past and didn't care for them.Package arrives a few days later.  I receive a pair of yellows and a pair of clears.  WTF?!I call.  Same gal, very apologetic about the mixup, will send me darks asap, first asking me to return the clears then says don't bother and there's no charge for the darks due to the previous lack of inventory, the mixup and the wait.  Okay I say.  Good move.......until I get another text later on that Joeta didn't approve it because of a texting mixup between me and the sales gal.WTF?!?!Did anybody look at the picture that I sent?  There's an obvious difference between dark sunglasses and clears.  I text her back that I'm not happy about it.  No reply.  I text again saying if not resolved by end of the day, I'll let my credit card company handle it.  I'm told to expect the new pair in the next few days.  They finally arrive.At the end of the day, this screwup could have ended okay, costing the house maybe 5-10 bucks plus postage in order to establish good will and keep a long term customer happy.  Instead, Joeta let her arrogance get the best of her.  She could have called.  We could have discussed it and worked it out but instead it ended like this and I wouldn't be surprised if the sales gal was on the hook for the 3rd pair.  Maybe she deserved it?  I don't know.  That depends on who screwed up.I was tempted to mail back the clears, since I have absolutely no use for them and I did appreciate all the effort of the sales gal, even if she may have been the one who fucked up the order in the first place.  Shit happens, right?  Maybe when I return in October, I'll drop them off.  Maybe not.  In the meantime, if I need new shades, I'll just do what most others do and order them online for less, or find myself another mom and pop deserving of my loyalty.  No need for them to call me about it at this point.  What's done is done.
5	Great service.  Awesome folks (good people).I have been shopping at Joeta's since the early 2000's and have never been disappointed.My friends and I have purchased gloves, sun glasses, jackets, chaps, skully's, boots and many other items with complete satisfaction.Joeta's is a must shop for all bikers...
5	Been coming here for years  always have functional riding gear and a lot to choose from. the girls are great and willing to help you find what you need and help with sizing and always giving good advise and tips on riding gear and safety.
