5	I'm not telling you to drive here for the food but if you are a local its a new biz open now just two weeks and they have a nice lunch and owner.Owner was nice and his wife does all the cooking. Chipotle chicken pasta was super tasty and the chicken panini was good but unremarkable. I was there for a day seminar but the owner was so nice and welcoming I just felt it was my Yelp duty to tell others so locals can find this hidden gem. Might be a good place to go while getting your car washes or for an office lunch.BTW the maple/pecan/shortbread bar was super tasty too.
5	Wow this place is truly amazing. It has fantastic food and baked treats to die for! The owners are very nice and you must try this place right now! The cookies, breads, cupcakes and brownies are phenomenal. Also the macaroni and cheese, spicy asparagus pasta dish and the hummus are fantastic. Please try this place it's well worth the find.
5	What a wonderful, quaint new lunch tucked away in a retail area off Eastern & Sunridge Heights Pkwy. in Anthem. My mom and I had lunch there yesterday and were warmly greeted by the owner, who recommended the wonderful chipotle chicken pasta for me because I wanted something spicy and a spinach salad with raspberry vinaigrette for my mom since she wanted a salad. The pasta dish was excellent. It compared with what I would get at my favorite Italian restaurants. It had the perfect kick without being too spicy. It was a very generous portion, and I took the leftovers home and shared them with my husband for dinner...he loved it as well. My mom really enjoyed the spinach salad that had a very generous amount of walnuts, which she loves. The salad was very fresh, you can definitely tell the difference in freshness between this and what you get at other places. The prices are certainly reasonable, especially for the quality of the food, friendliness of the owner and atmosphere. I've already told friends about Sugar & Spice and can't wait to go back!
4	A total hole in the wall place! Just ate here and it was quite tasty! The owner was super friendly and had a tasting a bunch of pastry samples. My husband had the burger and really enjoyed it. I had the southwest wrap and was unsure of it but the owner said he wouldn't charge me if I didn't like it. Needless to say, I paid. Oh yeah! We als split fries which were cooked to perfection and seasoned with pepper. So delicious! The only awkward part was the ambiance. There was no music or anything so we felt like we had to talk softly so as not to disturb the other diners. We will definitely be back.
5	FRESH describes this place best!  I took a friend here for her birthday lunch. Wonderful, welcoming owner and his wife is a superb cook. They make everything from scratch and when they run out, they are out. This means that everything they have is really freshly made. We shared the Chinese chicken salad, which was superb and had homemade dressing. Hummus was tasty and homemade. We had the delectable maple-pecan bars for dessert, which were, again, homemade and SO good! The interior is pretty plain, but don't let that turn you away! As others have said, it's not the easiest place to find, but worth the search. I really wish them well; they deserve the business!
4	Sugar and Spice..and the salads are nice! That's what I had when I stopped by to see what this place was all about.  I wouldn't have known about this place if it were not for me driving right past it after having breakfast at neighboring Egg Works.  This restaurant resides in the Eastern Hills Shopping Center. Never knew there was a restaurant here since it's not visible from Eastern Ave. It's located on the backside right behind the Greek and Vietnamese restaurants. The menu offerings are mostly lunch fare. A bit of French, Mediterranean and Italian cuisine is represented their sandwiches,salads, and pasta selections. I guess that's the "Spice" part of it.  The "Sugar" part is displayed in the 2 cold cases at the counter.  There's a variety of desserts from baklava to mango cake.  I got the pre-cut square piece for seventy five cents. I'm fine with that since it's just enough sugar for me. Other sweet tooth lovers might gripe though about the serving sizes for cake pieces.  The main meal on the other hand was a very generous portion.With the hot temps, I went for lunch on the lighter side. The Spinach Arugula salad is enough for two people.  I like the combo of these salad greens. These really had that picked from the garden freshness. Then tossed with glazed walnuts, apples, dried cranberries and a cream cranberry vinaigrette on the side. Just the way I like it. That way I control how much dressing to put on my salad. The prices for meals are pretty reasonable most orders are under $10 The staff here is really nice and helpful and service was spot on.  It's family owned and operated. What clued me in was the young lady who took my order went and pulled another employee to ring up the order, he then said to "give the order to mom". (It was so cute) I just find refreshing to see parents and their kids working together. The kitchen is visible from the counter and there was the mom, busy cooking!The kitchen appeared really clean by the way. The dining area consists of a few tables and some seating also along the window. There's an eclectic mix of wall art and knick knack deco. It's more casual feel for me than upscale as they describe their place. It's all good though, I'll definitely be back since I'm all about supporting small businesses first and foremost. They are the heart of our community.
5	This open seating restaurant is 5 stars! The food here is wonderful. Best Baklava I've ever had and I've tried dozens of recipes. They do a special Egyptian plate with beef or chicken on Fridays that is simply excellent. This dish takes 40 minutes to make if you get the special Egyptian rice instead of the wrap. So I recommend calling in your orders in advance even if you plan to dine in.  I will tell you what really sets this place apart though. I've never felt more appreciated for walking in and giving someone my business. The owners are the most genuinely sweet people you will ever meet. Eating out isn't all about the food and convenience, it's about the experience as well. This place and the owners gave me a wonderfully warm feeling that the America Dream is still alive. This restaurant is a gift to our communities and I recommend you all give them a chance.
5	The food was amazing and the owner was so nice!
5	I  popped into this place while getting a car wash with my 3 kids (didn't want to wait in the crowded gift shop where my kids run around grabbing everything and asking me to buy it). I ordered an iced latte and some pastries for the kids.  I normally am not a huge fan of iced coffee because I feel like it gets watery, but this one was creamy perfection.  The brownie was super chocolatey, almost like a fudge, of which I wholeheartedly approve. And the mousse cakes were light, airy and sweet. My picky toddler kept asking for more.. I was amazed. As other reviewers mentioned, the people working there make you feel right at home and are happy to have even a group of children, before we left they knew all their names :)
5	OMG! U need to eat here.. I am an Italian chef so most places are disappointing this was a great surprise! I will definitely be back and I would recommend this place to anyone!!!
3	3.5 stars (running for cover - I know, I know.  I'm not in the majority here)Came here with friends to try lunch somewhere new and not the same old routine.  We were all surprised at how much we enjoyed our different meals.  The interior of this place isn't what I expected by the name.  I can't describe what I expected but this wasn't it - I guess maybe more luxurious, with a more "professionally designed" aesthetic.  Seemed like an eclectic mix of styles inside, with a "bare" feeling, but the seating (all tables and chairs) was comfortable and fairly well spread out.  I thought it was odd that there was no music or anything.  The place was quiet - almost *too* quiet.  I think it was the owner who took our order.  Very friendly, pleasant, and accommodating.  He made some great suggestions but ultimately let us go our own ways.  The place became busier throughout our meal and, ultimately, our waters became more empty with no refills in sight.  Just seemed like he wasn't staffed well enough for lunch time on a weekend.  I had the chinese chicken salad, which was packed with fresh and delicious ingredients.  My husband ordered a penne pasta and was surprised when something completely different came out (a pesto chicken panini).  Being the easy going guy he is, he let it go and decided to stick with his panini, which he was extremely pleased with!  Our friends had the greek salad and chicken schawarma (a special that day) and both looked incredible.  They raved about the schawarma!  Mine and my husband's meal came out about 10 minutes before our friends' so we wound up waiting for them to have food. We were too full for dessert but I thought the "bakery" part of the restaurant description was a little misleading.  There is a pastry case at the front of the dining room but there were only 2 pastries in it when we were there.  I'm sure they had more to offer but if you'd have come in just for pastries you would have been a little disappointed.  Overall, the food was incredible and the prices were fair.  The service may have been a little off for us that day, but that's not to say it wasn't friendly and welcoming, just not very attentive.  I WILL be back to try more of the mouth watering food, and hope to increase my star rating at that time.  This place is definitely worth a try for lunch!
5	My favorite place to get lunch in Henderson. I love going here whenever I am free in during lunch time. The owner and his wife are very friendly people. Wife is the chef, and she love to cook the meals on the menu. Food is so flavorful and fresh. I love their Chipotle Chicken Pasta. I love spicy food and I asked them to make is as spicy as they can. When I took my first bite, I was not disappointed. They also have many other dishes, but this is their chipotle is my favorite by a small margin. Prices are reasonable and the restaurant environment is very quite, neat and clean. The only issue is that its not located on the eastern ave. side of the road, you will have to drive to the back side of the plaza. Just follow the signs for Sugar and Spice. I would recommend this to anyone who is interested in getting quality lunch.
2	Food  = 5 stars. Try the spicy pasta Service = 0 stars. Really bad. Took 40 mins to get food. No servers. Went on a Saturday afternoon for lunch. There were 6 tables that had customers and only one guy that took orders. It took so long, that some customers left without eating. Not a good sign.
5	Had the egyptian chicken fajita with rice and it was delicious!!! The owners know how to present delicious authentic food!! These egyptian plates are only available fridays and saturdays.
5	By far the best restaurant in town. Everything there is tasty and it's family operated so you know you will be getting quality food and service. The owners are very good people.
5	This place become one of our favorite restaurants in Henderson.Hard working couple and wonderful food with reasonable price.This place open limited time,but it's worth to try.You'll love it.
5	The Owners are very nice and friendly. One of a kind spices and their chicken fajita is delicious. Nice restaurant.  I recommend this place.
5	Sugar and Spice makes the BEST pecan bars I have ever tasted! Check them out!  Plus the couple that own Sugar and Spice are very welcoming!
5	Tried the homemade baklava and wow! The owner is very nice and the food was fantastic!
1	CLOSED! with all the great reviews I was looking forward to eating there. : - (
