4	Very good Burritoes and tacos ! Live nearby so happy it opened recently !
2	They definitely should not be explicitly referencing the mission burrito because it doesn't even come close. In fact, even though they've ripped the concept, M4 burrito doesn't even stand up to Chipotle. I will start by saying that no matter how many different ingredients they heaped onto my chicken burrito, the entire thing tasted only of vinegar and mushy overcooked food. The burrito, wrapped in foil, was served to me on a dirty metal tray, no paper lining or anything. The burrito was so soggy by the time I walked 5 feet to my seat that it just fell apart onto the tray. I wasn't about to eat off of a filthy tray so I only ate the bit that didn't fall apart. At $12 for a burrito with guac, it was a giant ripoff. Chipotle gets away with similar pricing because they get the little things right and care about customer satisfaction. One thing that Chipotle gets right is friendliness of the counter staff - they always great you and do an excellent job of explaining the concept. Here, the staff were miserable lumps who couldn't give a damn.Never again.
5	Awesome burrito bowls, chicken is better quality (real white meat) than chipotle in the states! The green salsa is really yum as well. Great addition to columbia. Wish were open longer hours! Also, wish they offered corn tacos.
3	M4 recently opened up in the Concordia quarter, it's not bad. I've eaten at Chipotle a few times in the US and it's the same concept. The staff here are helpful and my braised beef burrito tasted good, topped with some guac, pico, and veggies, drizzled in their amazing mango habanero hot sauce.The restaurant is small, but can seat a decent amount of people inside or outside. They have a range of drinks and alcoholic beverages to choose from too. M4 is definitely a good choice if you're looking for something customized and quick, with a kick of alcohol (or not). Check it out, it's not bad.
3	I think people should get a reward for finishing their meal, because the portions here are HUGE.I had the braised beef burritos, tasted quite nice, loved the "no freezer, no fryer, no microwave" campaign. The fillings are tasty and the meat was very tender and juicy, although more seasoning would be appreciated (generally speaking, lack of salt & pepper).The ingredients were made freshly, and there are no preservative tastes, however the burritos really needed some veggies to complement the heaviness of the meat and beans. There is just a lack of crunchiness from a refreshing salad or at least some lettuce leaves in the burritos, other than that, it's almost perfect.I don't know what is the "Chipotle" chain that other Yelpers are talking about here, but I think this place is pretty good, food is great and the service was pretty fast. Another complain is that there is no washroom, and their Wi-Fi is not opened for the public (they probably should make it a private network, instead of a Wi-Fi named "M4 BURRITOS").Great stuff, people should definitely try it out.
5	M4 burritos is probably my favourite fast food restaurant in Montreal. If you are looking for a quick and healthy meal, this is your best option. This place is perfectly located (especially for ConU students) to grab a burrito on your way to work or to class. It's really small so people generally end up taking their meal to go or sit on the benches outside on Maisonneuve. The burritos are delicious, the meat is super juicy and tender and the veggies are crunchy and fresh. I generally have a pulled pork burrito topped with veggies and guacamole and add some amazing mango and pineapple salsa. So yummy! They also have homemade iced tea, which i love because its not too sweet and it does not taste like all the other commercial iced teas you generally find in restaurants. I think the salsas could be a bit more spicy but they offer spicy sauces to make up for it. The staff is also really friendly and the decor is really nice, you should really try it out!
4	The burritos here are huge and more importantly delicious ! I usually come here for the pulled pork, aka carne asada, mmm the meat is tender and juicy.... this place is about as close to the  west coast type burritos in the montreal area and the place where I come to get my fix !
4	While everyone waxes poetic about the heartwarming freshness of their ingredients, and how the "such and such" stuffed burrito that they had was large enough to take on Godzilla in an epic death match for sole possession of Mexico City, I will take the time to review what I'm pretty sure is the most under-represented item on their menu;their Chipotle Chocolate Brownie.For just under two dollars you can get this tiny little brownie that looks as though they completely forgot to super-size it in relation to all their other goodies. But, while the desert IS small it is HUGE with flavour. My first bite broke through the slightly crumbly crust and yielded a tentative nod to spiciness.  The second bite however... Oh my!  Not so hot as to raise beads of sweat but definitely spicy enough to let you know that you're alive the chocolate-chipotle heat took over my palate in a balanced attack of sweet and heat.  Absolute Noms! Oh, and the quesadilla was brilliant too.
3	This is a nice addition to the Concordia University downtown campus. It doesn't cost a lot to have a big burrito that will feed you for an entire day! Fresh ingredients, custom-made burritos and meals, it's just one of my favorite spots when I go to university and need to take a bit before classes!
4	They folded it wrong or they would have scored higher. Fresh n tasty! It's the Subway of burritos.
4	I'm a big fan of Mission style burritos so I was thrilled when the first M4 Burritos opened up in the Latin Quarter.  Another M4 Burritos just popped up near Concordia University making it a perfect lunch spot during the work week.Tucked into a small awkward location near an alley on Maisonnueve but manages to draw in a steady stream of students.  The decor is almost identical to the M4 on St. Denis, as is the food and the prices which is to say they are all pretty decent and about what you can expect from a fast food chain in Montreal. The staff are reasonably friendly though a bit scatterbrained, but that's to be expected from a bunch of college kids.The seating arrangements definitely leave something to be desired.  It's a small restaurant with only about a dozen seats in the dining area which wouldn't be so bad except the seats are arranged in the shape of a square.  There's barely enough room to maneuver if you are lucky enough to actually find an empty seat.While I might gripe about the seating and would certainly like to see lower prices and more attentive staff, I'm still stoked.  Finally, I have access to mission style burritos close enough to the office that I can swing by during my lunch break and get my fill. If you haven't tried one, you're missing out.
3	Let me start off by saying this place is like a chipotle in almost every way. Except food quality. The food is fresh, authentic and flavourful. The rice has no flavour whatsoever in my opinion (needs a new recipe). The sauces are awesome from the pico de gallo to the mango habanero and great authentic iced tea. Decor in the place is hip and fun. But everything is negative from there. Service is not consistent. Some of the employees have a bad attitude. As well, the only 2 sauce allowed is absolutely ridiculous for the price of the food! I really don't get it. Finally, those portion controlled utensils they use belong in a cafeteria not a restaurant. If management changed those things id have no problem giving a 5-star. If you need the chipotle fix, this place is as close as it gets in the 514.
2	What a ridiculous move by the owner. He's a cheap guy, wow now they charge $0.50 for lettuce. A pinch of lettuce not standard, but 50 cents, thats absolutely ridiculous! Plus $1 extra for a teaspoon of sour cream. The guys making your burrito wont even tell you until its time to pay. Time to smarten up and take that away. The place only gets 2 stars for the food tAste which is pretty good otherwise, but service lacks big.
4	This is Montreal's answer to Chipotle. Everything I've had here is delicious. The seating area is wayyyyy to small though.
1	Extra charges for everything, 50 cents for lettuce? 75 cents for peppers, 1.50 for guacamole, has to be a joke
4	This place is pretty cool, like subway but Mexican :) You get a choice of meat or veggies, choice of burrito, taco, salad or quesadilla style, choice of a couple salsas and then the extras. It's all pretty tasty but they definitely skimp on the cheese. I haven't been brave enough to try the spicy salsas and stick with the pico de gallo, you also have a choice of white or black beans with the burrito option. The meats could use more taste but all in all a pretty cool place and the staff is nice and efficient.
