5	Breastnet is a wonderful facility with wonderful people.  Here is my story:I was completely freaked out after my primary care physician confirmed she felt the same lump in my breast that I did.  My Dr. told me to call an unnamed breast imaging place that my insurance would cover.  They couldn't get me into their place until a month later even though it was to be a diagnostic mammo and ultrasound in response to finding what I thought was a lump.  My husband said we couldn't wait and he called around and found that Breastnet could see us on Monday (this was on the Friday before the Monday).  We were thrilled!  I was too anxious to make it very long.  I was obsessing.Breastnet was FABULOUS!!!  They responded to how freaked out I was and were very supportive.  The technician was very sweet and helped calm me.  The Dr. was so good with me.  She told me as she did the ultrasound that it all looked good.  I was so relieved.  I squeezed her hand in joy and she was very friendly.  I highly recommend going here if you need to get your mammo and/or ultrasound as soon as you can.  Also, the atmosphere is very calming in general.  Thank you, Breastnet!
5	I have been going to Breastnet for the last 7 or 8 years for my annual mammograms. The minute you walk in you are greeted with a friendly face who cares that you are there and  the surroundings immediately make you feel calm and peaceful - you can tell purposefully designed  with women in mind.. The staff is truly amazing with their friendly,  caring demeanor.Breastnet has a  full service breast diagnostic center and Dr. Belinda Barclay-White gives you the results while you are there - what a concept!!!!!  No more waiting anxiously one, two, or three weeks for results.  I once had a small needle biopsy done right in the office, as well as an ultrasound when they were called for - again,  with results  while I was there. Do yourself a favor,  go to Breastnet where they treat women like they deserve to be treated.  If you feel it is an emergency, you will not wait for weeks to get in - maybe same day or the next!!
5	I am a Breast cancer survivor. Dr. White is a caring, brilliant MD. She put my previous and current films up for me to see. She spent lots of time showing me everything. This has never been done in all the years I have had mammograms. The best!!
