3	I was in Mesa to go to the Cardinals Eagles game the next day, so we decided to come here because we have never been. Food was normal bar food. I got the parmesan garlic wings that I thought were good, but there were like 12 different sauces to choose from. We also got the ballpark sampler. It's hard to mess up bar good. Service was good, even though the place was packed for UFC and they had a bunch of beers on tap and never had to wait for another beer.
4	I was in the area and decided to give this place a shot.  It was about 1ish and the place wasn't crowded at all.They had like a zillion TVs and a interactive video game thingy at every booth which was very neat.  If there was a Buffalo Wild Wings near my house and I was into sports I would definitely stay there for hours to drink, eat and watch games.So about the food....Since it is almost the new year and I want to start it off right, I opted out of the typical wings because they are fried and breaded.  I just don't understand why wing places haven't figured out that they can just bake their wings and they will be just as good?  Anyway,  my wife and I each ordered the Naked Tenders and side salads.  The tenders came with whatever sauces you want so we got 5 to try.  My wife didn't like any of them but my favorite was the parmesan garlic.  The spicy garlic wasn't too bad but anything hotter than that was just too hot for us.  We both thought the tenders were very good and simple.  They are also a very healthy option if you don't dip them in too much sauce so I tried not to.  The salad was also pretty good.The service was pretty fast and friendly so no complaints there.  Though I probably won't be back to this particular location because I am almost never in the area, I will go to another Buffalo Wild Wings in the future to try some other wings and sauces.
4	I've been here a few times, mostly because it's close to my house but I like it.  The atmosphere is a little loud but if you are into 85 TV's displaying 40 different sports programs it's all good.  What brings me back ... their mojito's ... love 'em.
3	Nice sports bar setting, more TV's than you could ask for, clean setting but.... The food is just barely eatable & overpriced.  Some of the worst wings around, their only saving grace is the multiple sauces to choose from.  Service usually goes from aggravatingly slow to horrible, though we did have one good waiter, once.If you just want to watch the game & have a beer it is fine, just don't go hungry.
1	Have been in twice since my last review. Its a like a COMPLETELY new atmosphere!! And sorry to say this is not in a good way. Service was terrible and I was emberassed that I actually brought some new people with me to try it out. Just went for this saturdays last ufc fight! They were like natzi's with the seating you have to have 75% of your party with you to get a seat even though my boys were parking and in the parking lot they gave our table away so after getting the tenth degree abou there seating rules we were finally sat all had to sit speraticly through out the bar. We should've just turned around right then but decided to stay... then on top of that we were sat next to some drunk beligerent people spilling and flirting with there server (wich you could tell made her uncomfotable) that table were continuosly getting over served beers. Since there was not one mgr in sight the little time we were one of my boys stepped in and there was almost a fight right then and there.. putting that aside our service was horrible some dude was our server and we went without seeing him for like 30 min and not so cold beers. At that point after one round of drinks we decided not to order food and the table next to us was gripeing about there food so that was another sign to get the F out of there so we paid (once the server got back) then bolted. I wasn't going to yelp anything BUT I just received my checking statement and the dude added 5 to his 3 dollar tip. I gave the guy 3 on $12 he was lucky to have even gotten that. I'm going to find out the guys name and go to upper mgmt because this is not the first time i've heard of this happening there. With that said.. I WILL NEVER BE BACK HERE AGAIN! This place has gone down hill!! . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE !! Very disappointed
1	My husband & I have been avid BWW goer's ever since we moved to Gilbert 3 years ago. We frequented the McQueen & Elliot location almost once a week the entire time we lived nearby.  The wings are awesome and it's the best place to watch any kind of sports. Every time friends come in town we take them to Thursday night $.50 wings & $3 you-call-its. We have since moved to East Mesa and last night two good friends where in town visiting. We were on our way home when they asked about BWW and said they had been really looking forward to making a trip there while they were in town.It was 12:30 am and we were driving nearby this location. I wasn't sure what time they closed so I looked up the number on my phone quickly and called to ask. Someone answered the phone and said "we close at 1." We knew we were cutting it close but were craving wings so we decided we would run in, order wings togo, have one round of drinks while they were being cooked and make it out right at closing. We have all worked in the service industry so we are very cognizant of common restaurant courtesy and always tip extremely well.When we walked in we were immediately faced with the manager, Shana I believe, who very rudely said "we are closed." My husband looked at his phone and said it is only 12:40 and we just called and someone told us you close at 1. She said she was indeed the person who answered the phone and her clock actually said it was 12:55 and they are closed. We explained our intention of ordering togo and having one drink and she again very rudely  said the bar was absolutely off limits they did last call 20 minutes ago and if we HAD to order food it we would be waiting for awhile because she would have to "refire" up the kitchen and get everything back out since its all been cleaned up already. At this point we had no intention of staying and were really offended at how we were being treated. We calmly explained we would have appreciated if she had been truthful with us on the phone. If she had simply replied that they close at 1 but the kitchen has already cleaned up and last call for the bar was 20 minutes ago we would not have even wasted the time to drive there. She did not apologize and was still speaking to us with a ridiculous attitude. Everyone was frustrated at this point and as we started to a leave a server that had walked up earlier called my husband an "asshole". This was completely appalling, so unnecessary, absolutely undeserved and insanely unprofessional. We will NEVER go back to this location, if you are craving BWW stop in to the McQueen & Elliot location where all of the staff are super friendly, accommodating and professional.
1	The management here is completely unprofessional. We came here when there was apparently a UFC fight on (we had no idea and just wanted to watch football). We stopped and checked in with the hostess but because the fight was on all she said she could do was put our name on the list and couldn't quote us any kind of a wait time. Wow. Ok. So since the bar is usually open seating Mike tells her he's going to head over to see if there are any open tables there. He finds one and proceeds to sit down when a manager starts yelling at him that he can't sit there. He asks why (Who wouldn't?) and she tells him because he just can't.  So he walks back to the hostess where I am waiting and tells us what happened and the the hostess apologizes and tells us that only the rail at the bar is open seating. Um, thanks. Not sure why she didn't tell us that in the first place. And I'm not sure why the manager of all people just didn't say that is wasn't open seating right now and suggest that we sit at bar rail. I can understand that things can get stressful when the place is packed and people are drinking, but that is no excuse as a manager to have a bad attitude.
5	Hard to beat B Dubs. This one is no exception. Growing up in Ohio where they started I was happy to find them out here. Now if I could only get an In N Out back home I would be all set LOL
4	Love the desert heat wings. Lots of TV's for your sports viewing. The service is generally good the last couple times we have had to return the queso dip as it came to the table lukewarm. Each time the server was very apologetic.
4	i really miss the one in north mesa...really good wings, some great sauces.  good atmosphere for a sports bar.  a touch over priced but pretty consistent quality se we keep going back.  the asian zing sauce is really adicting....
3	good wings and great saucy choices.  what you expect from a BW3.  service was ok to good, setting is a bit open an not really inviting...like a big box.  The monitors on teh booths are a bit annoyuing, I only sit at a booth without one...
2	After reading reviews from this place I was hesitant to try it but it was on my way home from school so I thought, just pick up some wings, how can they do wrong?  Well first impressions were great, employees were nice and friendly, the cashier even gave me free wing cards.  After leaving, I was anticipating a good review, but I was disappointed.  The cards expired in a day. My wings had no sauce on them, they were plain! I also requested flats only and that was not the case.  Boo!
1	I visit the Gilbert and Warner location frequently. I've had fairly consistently good service and food at that location. This location is another story.After taking our drink order (waters and soda) it took over 10 minutes for the server to actually bring it, blaming the bar for the delay even though she filled the cups at the soda station next to our table. After our food was ordered, half the food was brought to our table right away, leaving half our party without their meals for another 10 minutes. We had two orders of wings. One order was covered in sauce, the other had a dab on each piece. It was $.60 for an extra side of sauce. After clearing our food we waited 15 minutes for the server to bring our bill then another 10 for our server to actually run payment. Needless to say, she got a $2.00 tip on a $40.00 bill.If you are in Gilbert, just go to the one on Gilbert and Warner. The service is better, the food is better; it was worth the drive.
2	So our first trip the restaurant ran out of wings. No, that's not a typo...a wing restaurant ran out of WINGS! Our second trip we say down but never received service and it wasn't even busy so we left...unnoticed. Our third trip the restaurant was out of their featured sauce. 3 strikes, you're out BWW!
1	I am a huge Buffalo Wild Wings fans, but I never eat at this location. The service SUCKS. I think I tried it three times because I am willing to let a place redeem themselves (or I was dragged against my will), and the service was equally bad each time. Twice they got the orders wrong, and one time our waitress forgot to even put our order in at all. My advice, go to the one on Gilbert and Warner.
4	Server was great, place was clean, food was good. I actually didn't get wings this time, and went for chicken tenders and fries. I should have got 4 instead of 6. Filling.
3	This is an above average sports bar chain with fantastic chicken wings. I like stopping here for lunch occasionally, I don't know if I'd ever bother late night.
2	Wow I wish I would've checkout out this location before going to watch a game there with a buddy. I have to agree with all of the other 1-star reviewers on here. The service sucked big time, and I could have made food just as good at my house. I've never had wings with BWW, maybe my review would be a little higher. Definitely not the best food from the 3 or 4 times I've been, and this location had the worst service....our waitress seemed like she was having a bad night, and seemed to have an attitude. She left half way through the 3.5 hours we were there, and not a single person even checked on us for 2.5 of those hours (it wasn't even remotely busy!!!). The only reason I gave it  second star was because it is a good place to watch a game (tvs everywhere). Listen to the majority: DON'T GO!
4	Thank you BWW for the energetic atmosphere during football season!! When I don't plan right, I get the crappy table on the side, under the TVs but you have SO many TVs I can still watch my Bears from any angle! The food is super greasy and I never feel good when I leave, but I'm not going there for the food - I love the united and random screams and shouts and I will continue to put my stomach through the ringer just to be a part of all the commotion!
4	After shunning this place for over a year, I was dragged in by my family for my brother's birthday. Management must have read all the service complaints because it was a huge step up. Our waiter was great and I noticed the other servers were working fast and checking on other tables regularly. Hopefully it stays this way!
4	Great place to watch sporting events especially if you're into UFC or Boxing, b/c they don't charge a fee to watch big fights unlike some other places. Lots of high def TV screens that you can definitely catch all the football and basketball games as well. Food is okay. I used to like the wings and how they offer so many different sauces. But to be honest, it's not that great. Good beer options though.
5	B-Dubs rocks! Being from Ohio, the birthplace of this chain, I love coming here. Tons of TV's playing every game, great wings, and a great environment.
4	From reading the other reviews I was kinda sad! I have Been going to this Bww for 3 years now and I have always enjoyed it! UFC fight nights are always fun just gotta get there early! Tuesday and Thursday are wing nights!
3	Decent service, but gets pretty expensive unless you go for one of the special nights. Only complaint is sometimes they seem a little greedy with the sauce. I've had boneless wings served with barely a speck of sauce on them. Otherwise, you know what you're getting every time. Great place to watch games and just get together with friends.One last thing. They can probably take down the framed Nash and Leinart jerseys that hang in the dining area.
4	The food is pretty good at this BWW's, I usually sit at the bar and the service has been excellent especially when Melissa is working.
5	I brought my daughter into this location on Thurs. 05/23 for lunch. I was extremely happy with my food and service. The lunch specials were phenomenal in price and quality. I asked someone there, maybe my server which wings they liked the best. I was told the Garlic Parmesan. Perfect choice!! My server was Marissa, and her service was above and beyond, and we loved talking with her. She even remembered my daughters boyfriend from a previous visit. 3 lunch specials and a few boneless wings for my youngest daughter (age 6) and a couple of iced teas. The price was around $32 bucks. AWESOME!!!!  Can't beat that! I would have spent that at McDonalds! Gross and no comparison in quality and ambiance!
1	This is by far the worst BWW!  Several of the other reviews spotlight my issues as well service is horrible and often very stingy with sauce.  I will not be going back to this BWW
3	Went yesterday to watch the Giants/Broncos game after a bad experience at another place closer to home that ended in us walking out without even sitting down. Seating was a little odd, you can give your name for a table in the dining room and wait, or hunt up your own table in the bar. Plenty of staff so it didn't seem like it would have been a big inconvenience for someone to work at seating people. Would have perhaps slowed the 'one guy at a table for four' while larger parties crowded around deuces trying to see the games they wanted. But that's a minor point. They had TVs everywhere and turned to every NFL game as well as MLB and even soccer. Sound was only up on the dreaded Cardinals game, but I can manage. Took longer than needed to sort out which server was ours, but once we did, he was awesome! Took great care of us throughout the afternoon. It was fun to watch the game with other fans. The apps we tried were tasty. Only complaint - they don't do pitchers of beer...really? Bottom line - we would go back for another out of market game, no question. Can't afford it every week, but felt like we got good value and great service for the $$
1	Went into this location around 11:00pm with a larger group of friends. Seating didn't take long because the place wasn't busy. Service was good. Ordered my food by building my own burger. I got chili on my burger and when it arrived, it looked like my chili had been sitting out all day long. Looked like it had dried a bit. However to the lack of my better judgement I still ate the burger. Well, I'm sick this morning and I believe it is all out of my system by now. Not returning to this location.
4	Great service, great food. Came in to watch a soccer match. Thy changed a big screen for us which was great, kept the drinks filled and attended to all needs. My only suggestion would be don't pile everyone so close to each other when the place isn't close to being full. We had an annoying kids kicking the booth behind us which was the same structure I was sitting in. It made me nauseated and the parents were too busy stuffing their faces.. not BWW fault but again space everyone out
1	Service is just bad. Very disorganized place. Went in with a medium group of friends on a Friday around 5pm. Ordered drinks and appetizers .... Food arrived before the drinks.  Like 5 minutes before. Really?Food is average corporate crap. Edible. But not 'good' by any means. Had onion rings, fried shrooms, and a burger. All was plain-jane, uninspiring and bland.  Despite the waitress saying how 'amazing' the burger we ordered would be. Hardly .... Service was bad. My girlfriend had to get up several times to go inside and make requests for things the server forgot. Like the straw she asked for twice.  When asking for our tab, the server returned with others, not ours.  Then came out with a huge stack of receipts and had to go thru them all to find our tab and a few others. Just a poorly managed place. No one seems to really know what they are doing. And the food definitely isn't worth having that kind of patience. I won't be back to this location. In fact, I prefer to patronize smaller non- corporate bars and restaurants. I only went for the company of good friends. And that would be the ONLY reason I'd return to BWW ....  ever.
4	I tend to go to a lot of sports bars especially during football season. This BWWs is one of my favorites. I was here almost every sunday since I moved here in September. I always headed straight to the bar area to grab a table. I was assisted immediately after seating. Drinks and food were brought quickly and tasted great. never had an issue with food or service any time I went there. never sat in the actual dining area so i can't speak for the service there but the crew and bartenders in the bar area are amazing!
2	My girlfriend and I showed up in the early afternoon on a weekday. So, slow and dead inside. Maybe 4 customers in the restaurant  when we arrived. Our waitress seemed nice, but kept referring to us as honey or dear (just a pet peeve of mine). We ordered a set of wings and pork sliders with fries. Took them over 25 min to finally get our food. For a place that was empty, that's ridiculous. The wings were hot, but the sliders cold. Sliders obviously made first and just sitting around... When we finally finish, she brings the bill. We were charged for 2 drinks when we only had 1 drink and one water. She had the hardest time understanding this for some reason... Not coming back here, at least during the afternoon anyways...
4	Ok I've read the reviews and there are not a lot of favorable ones.  But I have to tell you...my husband and I go to this BWW every tuesday.  First off, one day, I decided to order a side garden salad instead of fries....OMG... Now we always order a side garden salad because it is the BEST, crispest, freshest salad I think I've ever gotten in a restaurant ... and it's consistently good!  Never thought I'd find that in a BWW!! Give it a shot!  The wings are always amazing as wings usually are and we always order with the honey bbq sauce.  Add a Kiltlifter.....YUM.I have to tell you... I think the staff in incredible.  They have always been friendly, accommodating and responsive.  Maybe we've just been lucky, but you'd think going as often as we have we would have run into a bad experience once or twice.  This just hasnt been the case!
2	The hubs and I planned on meeting a friend to watch a hockey game on a Sunday evening. The bar was rather full... Just a few empty tables. The bar top was empty so we attempted to take a seat... The female bartender come up so fast and demanded my ID before I could even sit down! I realize i look young, but god damn! So just to be an ass I ordered a water. Seriously give me a minute. Now, that entire experience had set the tone... We had to ask to order any thing... She would not check on us... Then she argued about a mistake she made! Her shirt was so worn her name was no longer visible  and the entire time we sat at her bar we didn't know her name. Since I was starving I order the poppers and a side salad. They brought the veggie platter, she rang in an $8 salad. When I clarified what i wanted she blamed the mistake on the kitchen (I could see on the screen what she had rang in). When my husband tried to justify the confusion, there is no $8 garden salad on the menu, she argued and was defensive. From that point we could hear her complaining about us to other employees! Classy. We again had to ask the manager for the side garden salad... He was told we didn't want it. WTF!!!!!! We eventually got the apology owed from the manager... Not our bartender. He did his best to rectify the situation, which is why we stayed. She left with an attitude. John took over! He had one of those new shirts and a name tag! He did great! 5stars for john. When I ordered; he repeated and clarified my order. Everything met expectation, in the end. BWW isn't my favorite place to dine, but we were in a pinch... John was truly the saving grace tonight. Very knowledgable on menu items, cracking jokes and working hard. We gladly showed our appreciation in our tip tonight. He would be the only reason why we would return. The poor rating on this review is directly connected to my experience with what's her name....
3	I like the food at buffalo ww and our service had always been great. They serve coke zero which is a plus to me. They've let us sample sauces before ordering which leads me to trying new things although I always get naked wings with side salad. Surprisingly not too bad calorie wise.  The reason i don't go here more often is it is so loud. I understand its s sports bar so that's on me but it could come down a notch at least when its not a big game.
1	Not sure if this location has a new manager or what the situation is, but the servers are in need of a some additional training.  Last week, we were in and placed an order for our usual Asian Zing boneless.  The waitress brought the food out and it was a totally different flavor.  When she came back after a while, I asked her to verify what flavor I ordered to make sure it wasn't my mistake.  She said Asian Zing, so I told her she should take it up with the kitchen because she brought us Honey BBQ.  She then admitted she heard me correctly, but just entered it wrong.  Finally, noting we ate a couple, and rather than make it right or adjust the bill, she asked "well, they're still good right?"  No, we didn't eat some because they were good, we ate some because they only looked like what we thought we ordered.Today, we were in again, sat in the middle of the bar area.  There were plenty of staff milling about the room, but no one acknowledged us for a good 10 mins until the bartender shouted across the way asking if we'd been helped yet.  I shook my head, then he had us yell our drink orders to him.  Apparently, this woke up our waitress and she showed up with silverware proclaiming our drinks were on their way.   Gee, thanks!  When it came time to leave, the waitress was very eager to bus our table and hurry us out of there for some reason, even though the place was fairly empty.  In her haste to clear the table, she spilled some leftover marinara all over my leg and the splash hit my kid's white hat.  (The best part was I had to listen to my 10 yr old complain about his favorite hat being ruined all the way home...awesome!)  Like last week, no attempt to make the situation right with extra napkins or any sort of compensation, just a giggle and a "sorry about the marinara".Could be my bad visiting in in the dead of summer.  Perhaps their varsity servers only work football season.  I'll probably stay away until then.
3	Great selection of wing flavors; everything from plain to I can't believe this is so hot.
4	This will be a short review... when BWW came out, I really liked their wings. But over the years it seems like they've moved into cooking their wings and then just splashing sauce on them as you order them. This is OK, so long as you know this is what you are getting.If you go with children be sure to see if they have any of their gaming systems available. They are good to keep the kids entertained while you eat or watch a game.On a side note - I am allergic to the Caribbean Jerk. LOL.
5	I'm surprised at the number of negative comments I am seeing about BWW.  My hubby and I have been coming here at least once per month for years, usually on Friday nights.  We are on a first name basis with some of the friendly and attentive staff (Marissa is awesome!).  We have NEVER had a bad meal here!  Occasionally the wait times are a bit long but hey, it's Friday night!  We absolutely love BWW!!!
4	I've been here every Sunday for the World Cup. They have great wings with tons of choices of sauces. The even have a build your own burger section on the menu as well as many great appetizers to chose from. My favorite is to start with chili con queso dip and a blue moon and a chicken sandwich with parmesan garlic sauce.
4	Went there tonight with my softball team you could tell things were a bit unorganized.. A few things were forgotten but they did a great job to take care of the problems. Also our server seemed to handle everything well despite the problems. Way to totally redeem themselves
1	Yukkkkkkk. Everything tastes frozen, wings were disgusting...go to Hooters or The Hub for wings. Service was amazing-I will give them that. But I wouldn't come close to another Buffalo wild wings for the rest of my life. EVER
2	Waiting for water for over 10 minutes...hello I'm eating spicy wings make sure you check on your table....It's very frustrating when someone else other then the server  brings out your food and doesn't check on you right away.
3	Food is always amazing, but the service generally is only so-so.  When it comes to refilling your drinks or getting a side of ranch it can be hard to find your server. But then again the times I've gone have been the weekends when the place is packed, so I'd like to think the servers are just overloaded!
2	Kind of a miss tonight.The seven of us from work decided that this was the place for dinner. We were seated pretty quick on the patio by ourselves. Our server's name was Angela who was very pleasant. She took our drink orders and disappeared, the sodas came out quickly but the bar stuff took several extra minutes, the the server disappeared. She came back and took our appetizer order and then disappeared ( you are starting to get the idea) it took 90 minutes for most of us to get our dinner, we were actually afraid to ask for refills or anything else for fear we would never see our server again! The manager on duty came over and was very pleasant and apologized and promised to investigate the speed of service, when she came back she offered us 25% off our bill. Server brought us our checks (yes we split the bill) and no discount! And she disappeared, she came back and we explained the there was no discount on the bills, she gathered them up and disappeared and then she's back and announced that it was fixed! We examined the bill and on my check it said "10 card 25%" but the discount off the food before tax was NINE percent. We gave up BWW had won, we paid, tipped a small amount and headed for the door we stopped by the manager and asked for a quick math lesson who explained that the friends and family discount we got didn't cover what we bought. I thought we were getting 25%? So bottom line service was S L O W, food was very good! Manager not so much.  Everyone was very pleasant. I am going to pass on this place next time.
5	I always get great service here. I'm usually rolling through with my wife and daughter for a burger and iced tea. The Screamin' Nacho Burger is amazing! Especially after a delicious basket of fried pickles. We haven't had a bad experience yet, wmand it's definitely become a regular spot for us. We have tried other BWW locatuons, but, eh... we'll stick to this one.
5	Buffalo Wild Wings has seriously great wings.  I have tried 10 or so varieties and they were great.  I don't like the sweet ones, but I don't like anything sweet so I knew I wouldn't like them.  These are serious upstate New York wings.  Awesome.  Crispy as hell and the sauces coat perfectly.  Their spiciest wings aren't extremely spicy, but they're plenty spicy.  They have unspicy and everything in between.  Most that I've had are the correct amount of spicy.These wings are done right.  Nobody does wings perfect out here, and most places flat out suck.  But this place is a chain, and they do wings perfectly.  This is mind blowing.I know what I'm talking about with wings.  I'm from Connecticut.  My family lives in Buffalo.  I've been eating buffalo wings since I was born.  I love buffalo wings.  Where I am from, I have the qualifications to expertly judge 3 kinds of foods: wings, pizza, and new york style chinese.  Because I had these things several times a week for 25 years.Everything I've had here is greasy or overly greasy.  It's sports-bar food.  I came in expecting crappy chain restaurant food.  Nope!  Definitely better than every other chain restaurant.  Just because of the wings?  MAYBE!  DON'T JUDGE ME!
5	I love the wings here, they have a variety of flavored sauces, I like drums and I was able to get all drums with extra sauce without being charged extra money. I love that, plus they have very good specials. The price per selection is reasonable. I highly recommend eating here.
2	I don't understand what all the hype is about this place. I have been here and other locations numerous times and it's always so so. The food all tastes the same and the service is never very good. I ordered a simple to go meal today and nothing came out right. It's just chicken tenders people. Plus everytime we have walked in we have been rudely greeted by snooty teenagers...will not be going back anytime soon.
