4	I was a little skeptical of going to Las Vegas initially. The BF convinced me to go by luring me with a Grand Canyon Tour. This was a full day excursion, but so worth it! The BF and I wanted to take the sunset tour, but ended up getting to go on the regular tour. Apparently you have to sign up for the sunset tour months in advance (if I remember correctly, we were trying to sign up 2 months ahead, and they had filled up a month prior). We ended up leaving the hotel that we were picked up from around 6:15am and picked up a few other tour-goers. The van was clean and roomy enough to not feel cramped. The ride out to the Grand Canyon was a little long (I ended up taking a nap...although I wish I hadn't since I missed some beautiful Southwest scenery), but was broken up by a paid breakfast at McDonald's, a photo-op at the Hoover Dam (so incredible!!), and a stop along Route 66 to see the tiny town of Seligman, AZ that was the inspiration for the Disney movie Cars. At the Grand Canyon, we went through a gift shop while we waited for everyone to take their potty breaks and get ready for a walk. The actual hiking part was very easy and often on a paved path along the South rim of the Grand Canyon. It was a BREATHTAKING view!! I would have loved to have been able to just sit there and look all day. It is incredible how ginormous the Grand Canyon is...hence the name...ha ha. I got probably 250 photos, and they were all gorgeous. The tour guide was extremely nice and organized, and we had no issues with his service. The picnic lunch that was provided was delicious and I had no idea that I would like Arby's Marketfresh deli sandwiches. I think everyone like's picnic lunches because you are always hungry when eating them and something about eating outside while hungry just makes everything taste good. There was also fruit, cheese, crackers, cookies, and water. It was delicious and healthy. The drive back was again long and quiet. I think the majority of the tour-goers took a nap on the way back. While the tour did take all day, it was worth it. This was the first time I had been close enough to visit the Grand Canyon and I am so glad I did. This tour company was professional, friendly, and upheld all of the promises made by the website. If I had it to do over again, I would have planned ahead a little and taken the Sunset tour. Judging from the beauty of the Grand Canyon in the daylight, I can only assume it would have been equally as beautiful and probably more so in the sunset...so romantic...
5	These guys know how to give a tour.  Providing you with a few hours at the Grand Canyon instead of just a few minutes, and being able to be there during sunset (much better lighting for photos) is key.  Traveling in smaller groups makes the trip more comfortable, personable and just plain FUN.Our driver, Eric, was incredibly friendly and intelligent.  He knew a lot about both the local history and geology, more than I'm sure his job requires him to.  Eric made the trip comfortable and interesting, which made the trip seem much shorter than it really was.  He also has a vast knowledge of photography and camera equipment, and gave people with expensive digital SLR's free pointers during the trip (he helped people by taking photos of them with their own cameras throughout the tour as well).   If you are a photography buff, this is the tour company for you.  If you aren't, no worries.  You will still have a wonderful time.I met friendly people from Australia, France, China and Canada and had such a great time.  I went a couple of weeks ago, and wish I could do it all over again (and would pay to do so).  I still keep in contact with some of them.If you are in Vegas for more than a couple days, I highly suggest taking this tour, especially if you've never been to the Grand Canyon.  In addition to the photos at the Grand Canyon, (be sure to take their sunset tour for best lighting) I got awesome (maybe even more interesting) photos on Route 66 in Selignan, AZ.
5	I'm a control freak, so actually allowing someone to take me on a tour is a big step, it was one of those little van/bus things, nothing special, they pick you right up at the front of your hotel, take you to breakfast, then you got a long drive, a few hours, but then they feed you lunch once you arrive at the canyon lodge, and fill your head full of so much you never knew that you forget your tour guides name!I was really looking forward to finally seeing the grand canyon, I have been close several times, but never taken the extra couple hundred miles out of my way to actually see it.Tour guide was smart, funny & extremely knowledgable.  He took the time to really make sure everyone was having a good time, made sure everyone had good pictures, and if I didn't know better I would say this guy really likes his job!  There isn't one thing about this tour that I didn't like.No sleep and several hundreds of dollars later, DAMN CAESARS, yet I still had the time of my life!I am so glad I was able to see the grand canyon and that I found these guys was perfect!Highly recommended!
5	We took the "walking tour" of the Grand Canyon many months ago so I'll leave the detail to the other 5 star reviews.  This is a long day (6AM till about 9PM) but the excellent guide handles everything and makes it enjoyable.Comfortable vans, good food, very knowledgeable guide, and friendly fellow tourists;  see their website and everything they claim is true.BTW, that's some Canyon!
5	My finance and I have visited Las Vegas several times over the past couple years and decided that on this trip we would finally go see the Grand Canyon.  Our initial plan was to get a rental car for the day and drive ourselves.  That was before we realized truly how far away the canyon was from Vegas and how many additional fees there would be along the way ($25 entry fee per vehicle into the park at the Canyon). I did a search online for "best Grand Canyon tour" and Grand-Adventures came back as a 5-star Trip Advisor company.  We debated booking a cheaper tour in the $100 per person range but decided that the extra money would probably be worth it.  The website is loaded with information about how you should expect your day to go. We couldn't have been more satisfied with our decision to spend the extra money.  True to their word, there were zero additional fees we ended up paying for anything on the tour, our guide (Eric) was excellent, the van is as comfy as a van can get, and we followed the itinerary the website set out as expected.  We didn't expect periodic history "lessons" from Eric as we were driving down different sections of the road to the Canyon (he did mention it's not required, so other drivers may not do this), and he gave us information with such enthusiasm and joy that it was hard not to be completely into history (and I am normally not into history at all).  Eric took countless photos of everyone in our group that wanted pictures and was so patient in that regard.  Our lunch was delicious and everything was right on time and as expected.  Our group size was 9 people - they limit it to 10 - and despite the fact that we were the only two U.S. born people on the tour, it was still fun!  Eric found a way to connect with everyone and kept us engaged in conversation throughout that lengthy van ride to the Canyon.  The walking tour was beautiful, the Canyon was more amazing than expected, and we genuinely had a better time than we imagined we would have.  I'll be recommending this company for a long time to come.
5	Amazing, amazing, amazing!! We took the walking, sunset tour through the Grand Canyon. The amount of people on the trip was perfect. Eight people in a 15 passenger van. Our guide, Tracy, was awesome! She knows so much about every inch of road on the way to the Canyon from Vegas. Honest. Every single inch. She was funny, personable and very accommodating!! I was at a conference where a lot of people took a big bus tour. They were incredibly disappointed with their tours and jealous of the stories we told of our tour. Best tour for your money.
2	Recently traveled to Vegas with 3 friends and we booked a trip to the south rim through this company.  The seats fill up fast, so reserve ahead of time (we did it 2 weeks ahead and the only day available for 4 people was on Saturday, our last full day in Vegas).  We pulled ourselves out of bed at 5:15am and was at the pick up area in front of our hotel by 6am.  We watched several other companies pick up guests, but we were still standing there by 6:30.  My friend tried calling the company, but no one answered.  She left a message after calling for 15 minutes and someone promptly called back saying that due to the weather, the trip was cancelled (of all things I expected to happen, an Arizona snowstorm in April wasn't one of them!).  They claimed they called and left a message at our hotel, but we NEVER received a message.  Had we received the message the day before, we could have made other plans.  So, the 2 stars aren't for the actual trip, but for the lack of communication regarding the cancellation.  They did refund the money and said they would give us vouchers for a free trip, which is cool, but we all live in NY so travelling across the country to Vegas likely won't be happening.
5	We took the Sunset Tour of Grand Canyon. Totally awesome - truly a world wonder. It looks different from every angle you look at it from - just amazing.Alfonso our tour guide was just terrific, very nice, considerate and also a wonderfully knowledgeable and interesting guide. It's a long trip but he shared so much information and involved all of us so the time out there went pretty quickly. Picnic lunch overlooking Grand Canyon was great. Most were quiet on way home, I guess taking in the wonder of what we had just seen!Alfonso had left nothing undone, from introducing us all to each other, to making sure that everyone was comfortable on the ride and the 'walking tour' and very ably assisting us with our pictures! Definitely well worth signing up for.
5	Having visited Vegas more times than I can count, I was looking for something our group could do that was active and incorporated some sights and activities we couldn't do elsewhere ...If you have an extra day to spare while visiting Vegas, the Hoover Dam Kayak Tour is a MUST.  I'm not one to love traditional sightseeing, so this "off-road" version (literally) of being able to view the Hoover Dam from several vantage points which most people would never have access nor the opportunity to see as well as being an active participant throughout the day was more than I could ask for. The price for everything you get is unbeatable.  For just over $100/person, our tour guide picked us up from our hotel on the strip, about halfway to the Dam, we stopped for breakfast (also included).  Just before arriving at our launch point, he stopped at the Pat Tillman Memorial bridge and led us on the pathway to about halfway over the bridge so we would be able to have the birds-eye-view of the dam itself (before the bridges' existence, it's a view only seen by helicopter).  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/grand-adventures-las-vegas?select=b3r4fPv66pPtU0RvemAHcQ#rlDdYP0_wB63WHFG8C9MyQFrom there, we were given safety instructions, life vests and SUPER SOAKERS and led down an access road to the base of the Dam (our launch point).  The dam is HUGE, so impressive!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/grand-adventures-las-vegas?select=b3r4fPv66pPtU0RvemAHcQ#9lsKV_gobpwMb8DBk4K1hQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/grand-adventures-las-vegas?select=b3r4fPv66pPtU0RvemAHcQ#xvQbsiB0hkd28XcAyClsogAlong the way, we stopped at bubbling HOT HOT HOT springs, you can get in the pools like a jacuzzi!  We also stopped at a sauna cave - this is not for the faint of heart nor claustrophobic - you walk into a dark, narrow cave where water is up to  your thighs and it's so warm in there the steam makes a natural sauna.  Freaky and cool at the same time... (not cool for those in the front of the line with flashlights, apparently there was some hippie guy soaking naked back there. LOL)  Anyway, the tour continues through 12 miles of gorgeous, jaw-dropping amazing views along the river.  Every couple miles we stop for something new and awesome - We got a chance to jump off of a small cliff into the frigid water, thrilling and a nice relief from the hot sun.  We got great information, stories and history from the guide as well as supersoaker fights to keep things lively and to cool off!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/grand-adventures-las-vegas?select=b3r4fPv66pPtU0RvemAHcQ#QzOl_nXdR7jUU2pPIhDbPQOur guide also packed lunch for the group and once you finish up at Willow Beach, AZ there is a really nice general store there waiting for you with cold beer!  This was one of the best things we did while visiting recently and I hope you take the time to do this as well.  I definitely feel like I crossed some things off of the bucket list with this one!
4	I had always wanted to go to the Grand Canyon so figured this was worth the day trip from Vegas.The good:We took the Sunset Tour and I loved everything from the minute we arrived.  The canyon really is spectacular.  I loved that we got to walk around the rim for 2-3 hours and stay to take in the sunset - beautiful!  I liked that we didn't go just to take photos we could walk around a good part of it and take it all in from different angles.The food was McDonald's breakfasts and Arby's Sandwiches for lunch which actually turned out great.  Good idea by these guys to do it this way.The just ok:Well our way there took forever.  We stopped at Hoover Dam but it was just a photo op and didn't get to see anything.  Then we did this weird stop at Route 66 which would have been nice for like 2 minutes and nothing more.  Instead we were there for at least 20 minutes and it was just not worth that much time.   And then we stopped at some gift shop which was unimpressive. So overall I would have enjoyed it much better if we could have gone to Hoover Dam longer or just slept in a little more and avoided the other stops.  But overall I still recommend this tour cos of all the time you get to spend at the Grand Canyon and taking in the sunset!
3	I've done a lot of research before booking my first tour to the Grand Canyon. The reviews for Grand-Adventures turned out to be the best, especially with the tour guide Alfonso. Unfortunately, our tour guide was not Alfonso, he was leading a different van on the same day. We only got to see glimpses of him at the pit stops. Our group of 9 had Julio, a guide who's been there for 4 yrs.THE BAD:Food wise: I was informed through the website and numerous reviews that breakfast was a buffet breakfast at McDonald's. It wasn't. Or we weren't told that we could order more than our meal plus a coffee and/or orange juice. I could've used another hash brown or 2 or even another sandwich if I knew the day was going to be long and exhausting. Lunch was an Arby's sandwich. It wasn't bad. We had breakfast at around 7:30 a.m. but didn't eat lunch until 2 p.m. Everyone in the van was starving. Julio didn't offer us any water (which I read before hand was unlimited) until someone asked for it during lunch time. The snacks were sparing. By the end of the night, I was so hungry I was going crazy yelping with the interrupted internet connection on my phone for places where I can engorge myself once back on the strip. Communication wise: We weren't really explained of what the day would entail. If I didn't read up on the website of what to expect, I would have no idea where Julio was taking us. We stopped at the Hoover Dam. After that we drove really slowly and drunkingly on Rt. 66, back from one side of the ghost town to the other while Julio explained away the significance of certain buildings/cars/shops. Then we stopped at a gift shop for a good 20 minutes. I wasn't sure what for.. On our way back, we were told we would go to a place for hot chocolate to warm up after our freezing hike on the Grand Canyon. Yay! It turned out we stopped at a dingy convenient store so we could BUY our own hot chocolate, which no one did. Hunger crept up on us by this time. As we backed out of the parking lot, Julio met an old friend and decided to do a quick detour to a McDonald's next block so he could say hi. No one really knew what he was doing. If only he stopped here first so we could buy some food. We sat and waited in the van while he made his quick run. Back on the road, it was dark and cold, and again, we were hungry. Finally we stopped for gas. He told us to be quick, "you have 3 seconds, 1 to get off the van, 1 to pee, and 1 to get back." Cool, at least it won't be a long stop. I obediently did just that, eye-ing at the Subway and Chicken To-Go shop next door, but begrudgingly willed myself back to the van. Well, what happened was that I could've gotten a Subway sandwich, a box of chicken, and finished them before Julio was ready to leave. We were there for a good 30 minutes. To make it worse, he ran into Subway before leaving and bought himself some chicken and a sandwich. We all sat in silence as Julio drove away with one hand on the wheel and a drumstick in the other.. He did buy a bag of cookies which he passed back to us. How nice of him to think we were hungry too.THE GOOD:Instead of visiting only one site at the Hoover Dam, we made it to 2: the top bridge and the bottom on the dam. It was only a picture stop at the top but at the bottom, we did have more time to take in the site, relax, and take more pictures while Julio told us more about the history of the dam making. We also had a good amount of time at the Grand Canyon, around 2.5 hrs. It was cold and icy but they had windbreakers in the van if anyone wanted to use one. Though it looked ridiculously big on me, I was warm and content. Julio offered to take pictures for us. He made multiple shots in different angles to make sure we were happy with our photos. He was also very entertaining in the process.The sunset over the Grand Canyon was breathtaking. It made the trip well worth it.THE CONCLUSION:I do recommend this tour still since so many people had such a great experience. I did have quite an experience myself that I won't be able to forget. Maybe you'll be lucky and Alfonso will be your tour guide or you'll be smarter and bring plenty of snacks :)
5	Have to give Julio the tour guide huge props. If you can't get along with him there's something wrong with YOU. He goes out of his way to give you historical and present information all the way from Vegas to the south rim of the Grand Canyon. He's very accommodating, friendly, and full of energy. It's as close to getting a personal tour guide as you can get.I must warn: Anyone who is afraid of heights (like me!) or has health/heart problems may not like some parts of this tour. I wasn't crazy that Julio pulled the van right to the center outer edge looking down on the high Hover Damn new bridge with an 18-wheeler flying by us. Lol....but he was just trying to let us enjoy the scenery so his intentions were good. Also, Julio does take you on walking paths along the Grand Canyon and some of it is enduring and hard to breath at times because of the 7,000 ft altitude. The air took me a little bit to adjust once we started walking and I even slacked behind the group a little because the wind really started to whip around that day.  You should be careful in some parts from getting too close to the edge because there's not guard rails everywhere the tour goes and you could easily slip and drop 4,000 ft if you were getting wild and careless. NOTE: I don't recommend this tour for elderly people because of the walking part. Regarding the food: I'm don't dislike McDonalds breakfast food but I try not to eat because it just bad for you in general. Some people on our tour were from other countries and seemed confused why we were stopping there. There's not much of a lunch because it's just fruit and cheese/crackers. Also, they don't give you any chips with your sandwich once you are at the Grand Canyon for dinner. The sandwich was good but I would rather more options on food. I would recommend bringing or buying snacks along the way. This food mentioned does come free with the tour so it's a pretty inexpensive day overall. Also...this tour is precisely timed. Every stop and sight seeing event is planned with staying on time for the overall schedule. He's not going to be stopping every 30 minutes for bathroom breaks. The ride home may be a little fast and has rough highway spots for some to stomach. But...Julio did get us back at a reasonable time so we could still enjoy a few late hours in Vegas that evening.If you are down with everything I mentioned then you will have a blast on the Sunset Tour! Well worth the $$$.
5	We did the sunset tour over Spring Break. First off, Brett is awesome.Yes, it is a van. Yes, it is McDonalds for breakfast. Yes, it is a sandwich from Arby's for lunch. Yes, it is a long drive. But they explain all of that up front.There was 8 of us in the van plus the driver. Plenty of room for all of us. The van was able to maneuver much easier than busses.All you can eat McDonalds? It wasn't bad and it was quick. The point is to get to the Grand Canyon.The Arby's sandwich was actually pretty good. Brett had fruit, cheese, snacks, water, etc. for us any time we asked.The longer drive was worth the views, absolutely breathtaking. I didn't want to leave.Brett was very accommodating and informative for the entire duration of the trip. We brought my mother in law along with us and he made she that she was fine the entire time.If we did another trip, I would definitely go with Grand Adventures again.
5	Our first time to the Grand Canyon and we are so glad we took this guided tour. I did a lot of research before choosing this company and I'm thankful for all the helpful reviews. Our guide/driver/food server was Kevin and he did an excellent job of all three! You can tell he really loves being a tour guide.
5	First yelp review! I HAD to review Grand-Adventures.  I was visiting a friend who recently moved to Las Vegas from NYC, and I was determined to see the Grand Canyon for the first time.  I ended up being on my own since my friend had to work the whole time.  I came across some tour companies that do day-trip bus tours and I thought it was the best way to go.  I chose Grand-Adventures based on the great yelp reviews and what seemed like the most "full-service" treatment.  They far exceeded my expectations.They only use vans, so you're guaranteed a relatively small group to get a more personal experience.  They pick up and drop off at a LOT of hotels on and around the Strip.  I did the walking tour/sunset grand Canyon trip, and I won't go into the whole details of the trip because the website has a rundown of what to expect.  It was perfect, we got to spend a few hours at the canyon (literally breathtaking and  MUST at least once for everyone) and had a nice stop in Seligman, AZ on the way - the town Disney's Cars was based on!Our tour guide and driver, Trayce, was amazing!  She was an endless source of information about everything, from geography to history and anything else you wouldn't even think of.  She was bubbly and warm the entire day (7:20 am until about midnight, impressive) and we were really lucky to have her as a guide.  The day couldn't have been better - and a lot of that was thanks to Trayce being so knowledgeable, experienced, and friendly.I'll be recommending this company to anyone who asks - and some who don't!
5	The hoover dam kayaking tour was great. No problems at all- the entire trip was smooth and efficient. We paddled the entire day, hiked to the hot spring and more paddling and hiking! Our tour guy, Alex was excellent. He is very knowledgeable, friendly and helped us take pictures along the way. We had Mcdonalds breakfast and some Arby's sandwiches, grapes, crackers for lunch; and an abundant supply of water during the entire trip. Very enjoyable!
5	I booked a Hoover Dam Kayaking tour in late September ($237 for 2 people).  This included pick up from the hotel, a McDonalds breakfast, an Arbys sandwhich, and transportation back to the hotel.Our tour guide, Alex, arrived at 6am on the dot as promised in front of our hotel (MGM Grand).  He was very friendly and efficiently made his way to the other hotels to pick up our other kayakers. From there, we stopped at McDonalds where we ordered what we wanted and was paid for by the tour guide.  We ate the Mickey D's on the way there.  Once we got to our destination, the Hoover Dam, we drove down right to the base of it and got our Kayaks loaded into the water. We pretty much paddled down 11 miles with about 4 or 5 stops in between to check out the sites, take a break, and have lunch.  The experience was made by the friendliness and knowledge of our tour guide Alex, who was always there to help and guide.  We hung out at a couple of hot springs and Alex had our lunch packed in his Kayak with some ice.I would recommend bringing water shoes on an excursion like this - you are getting in and out of the kayak a lot and stepping into the water as you get out.  At the end of the trip, Alex loaded all of the Kayaks back on to the truck himself while we relaxed and he drove us back to our hotels.  He never once solicited a tip like I have been when I booked with another company.  Overall, I will definitely use this company again next time I am in Vegas and recommend it to others.  At the end of the day, as friendly as the guide was, he realized this was a business and his first priority was the customer and he never forgot that.
4	We had an overall positive experience, but there is a lot to know about this very long trip.Length of tour: we were picked up in a comfortable mini-van at our hotel, 6:30 am, and returned probably about 10:30 pm. Don't know about you, but that is a very long day, and most of it is spent in the car. Our guide, Julio, had to do an exhausting amount of driving in a single day, and he remained upbeat and pleasant the entire time. I really admired that.Food: it would be VERY smart to plan how you will handle this aspect of the day. After the morning pickup, you will be offered breakfast at a local McDonalds, maybe 7am-ish.  We didn't eat again until we were at the Grand Canyon, probably 3 pm or later, and the lunch included is an Arby's sandwich and bottle of water. Julio offered us some fresh grapes and cheese slices, and as others have said:  no chips. But you can bring your own. Also,  you can eat whatever you want during the long car ride and long space of time between breakfast and lunch.  There is no food offered on the 3 1/2 to 4 hour return ride, but you can pick up something in the convenience store-stop you will make.This is not a glitz-and-glamour plush day. It is all about seeing the Grand Canyon, which for me was absolutely a privilege and an experience to remember. It is everything you have ever heard and/or seen in photographs, but in person it is so much more...awe-inspiring, majestic, humbling, AMAZING.
5	Need to know:1) This is an all day tour, do not book anything else on this day, especially a show!2) Breakfast and lunch are provided3) Runs about $155 per person4) Unlimited bottled water is provide but restroom stops are limited and sometimes questionable 5) Day will start at about 6:30am and end at about 9:30pmThe Ride: Yes, the ride up to the GC is extremely long, about 5 hours each way (but what else were you expecting, if you want a short ride take a helicopter tour), with limited restroom breaks and unlimited cold bottled water...probably not the best time for your how much free water can I drink challenge...The Stops: You'll make 4 stops on your way to the GC but only 1 on the way back. The first stop is basically an "order anything you want" at McDonalds stops. The second stop is at the newly constructed Hover Dam bypass bridge where you are able to get a great look at the Dam and some awesome photo ops! Third was a fuel stop in Kingman, AZ where you can get some snacks and another opportunity for a potty break (be warned bathroom stop in the morning and bathroom stop in the evening here are two totally different things, yuck!), this will also be your one and only stop on the way back to Vegas from the GC so make it count. And the last stop before hitting up the GC was Seligman, AZ (inspiration for the Disney movie Cars) on historic Route 66.Our Guide: Our guide, Chad, was great! He was very personable and tried to get everyone comfortable with each other right from the get go. On our way up to the GC he incorporated the perfect mix of Vegas culture, scenic information, and personal stories to share, but also the right amount of comfortable silence for the ride. He made sure we knew what our next stop was and more importantly, for the ladies, where the best bathrooms were. He always offered to take pictures of us and even posed us on and in front of some beautiful scenary (our own personal photographer for the trip, how awesome). I dont know if you can request a certain tour guide, but we were super lucky to end up with Chad! Chad, if youre reading this, thanks for making it an awesome experience!The Finale: Although the ride up was long and the restrooms were questionable the views that you get far make up for it! I believe we made 4 stops on our tour that day. The first is for a provided picnic lunch at a nice little spot with about 2 or 3 picnic tables. The second stop was at a lookout point (forgive my forgetfulness with the names) where you can really get a beautifully unobstructed view of the canyon. Here is where you take a short quarter mile walk along the rim of the canyon. Absolutely beautiful! The third stop was another restroom break where you can also visit a store with a gift shop for all your touristing needs :), then it was off to the finale of finales, our sunset spot. The sunset over the GC was beautiful and unlike anything you will ever experience. You don't truly realize how small you are and how big the world around you is until you get to experience something like this. The Verdict: Although this was an extremely long day, it was well worth it! Would I do it again, maybe, maybe not, would I recommend this tour to others, absolutely! Even though you can find tours for a  lot cheaper, I can guarantee your experience will not be the same! Thank you Chad and Grand Adventures for making my first trip to the GC an amazingly memorable one!Keeping things short and sweet for me is difficult so you can find a more detailed review with pictures on my blog :)
5	I've wanted to visit the Grand Canyon for a really really long time, and finally booked a west-rim/Hoover Dam tour with these guys early Jan of 2014.I've traveled quite a bit and have always thought of "booking a tour" as something my mother would do. I like to explore and get lost on my own for the most part (Petra, Taj, Giza, Chichen Itza, Great Barrier etc). The guys picked my buddy and I right on time at 6am in front of MGM and provided breakfast, lunch, snacks and water. Really interesting stuff and I'm so happy I booked their tour. The guide was knowledgeable and kind of hilarious, he was closer to our age so that settled my perception of thinking I was on a tour with moms. Hands down one of the best 'bang for your buck' tours you can take!
5	Awesome Trip!Trip background: Me and my wife did the skywalk tour to Grand Canyon. This cost us total $340 for two. Minivan came right on time at the designated hotel pick up location. We left around 6:10am and came back around 7ish. The tour includes Hoover Dam, Joshua Tree stop, Skywalk(Fees included), West rim Grand canyon views and we also stopped at Famous ''Las Vegas'' sign board while returning back.Details:Minivan is a standard one, nothing fancy. Breakfast(at McDonald) and Lunch(pre packed Arby's Sandwiches) is included in the tour. Being vegetarian we had limited choice in lunch but if you do not have any restricted diet you are good to go. The Tour Guide- ALEX was very knowledgeable, informative, funny and very interactive with all members on tour. He always gave us heads up on every important location throughout the tour. He himself is a camper/climber and has lot of experiences to share. I think everyone on board liked him. He made sure everyone was comfortable in the tour. He was in fact one of the highlights of the tour along with spectacular view of hoover dam and Grand canyons. Everyone on board was really nice.What we liked:- Amazing views of grand canyons and hoover dam- History of construction on Hoover Dam, facts about grand canyons, facts about Native American tribes lived in grand canyon.- We were 9 of us including tour guide Alex which I found easy and comfortable on the trip vs big buses carrying over 50 passengers on a trip- Enough time spent at each attraction. Alex helped us on lot of pictures- Enough water on board and enough restroom breaks- Everything went on time without any issues One more thing, do not book any Vegas shows same night of the trip. Even though we made it back on expected time, we felt really tired. Hope my review is helpful, Good luck with your trip.
5	No better way to see the Grand Canyon and Hoover Dam! Our tour guide Kevin was funny, polite, and didn't hit us with constant facts but rather random facts here and there while letting the rest of us to feel free to carry on our own conversations. We got anything and as much food as we wanted at McDonalds for breakfast. When it comes to the actual tour Kevin asked us constantly if we all wanted pictures and knew the best sites to go to for those pictures. The glass observatory deck is breathtaking but if you have a fear of heights may not be your thing. We had a lunch on picnic tables right by the edge of the Grand Canyon which was spectacular. The price of 175.00 a person originally seemed steep but with all the food, the knowledge of the tour, and the length of it being 12 hours - it was well worth it!
5	I had a great trip this weekend with Grand-Adventures.   After trying to decide whether it was cheaper to do the Grand Canyon and Hoover Dam on our own or as a tour, we realized the price difference was actually not too much and the tour would allow us to sit back and relax/nap in the van.  The southern rim of the Grand Canyon is the closest part to Vegas (about 2.5 hours away). The Sky walk and shuttle buses at the Canyon are not that cheap, but the tour cost includes these and the guide gets everything for you, so you never have to wait in line. Also the cost covers meals, bottled waters, and snacks. For two people it costs ~$350. But tell me what you can find in Vegas that will teach & entertain you, feed you, and show you one of the 7 wonders of the world for 12 hrs at that price?Bret was our guide and did an awesome job the entire day. He picked us up in a small van at our hotel right on time (6:30AM). I actually enjoyed it because the van felt cozy with only four rows to it (they only have two people in each 3 seat row, so there is plenty of room to relax). Also, you are not wasting your time waiting for 20-30 people to get on an off a big tour bus like other groups we saw. Within the first hour, Bret pretty much knew everyone's names in the tour and was extremely conversational with us. Not in a fake, this is my job way-  but in a real genuine, down to earth way.  He would teach us what he knew, answered questions, but never made us feel we had to be stuck to his side. Bret let us do our own thing if we wanted and gave us the proper safety warnings and check back times when needed. 1st Stop: McDonald's (you order whatever you want and the guide will pay) and the Vegas sign which has a really fascinating history I learned.....2nd stop: Grand Canyon.  The Sky-Walk is neat. I hate glass bottom bridges so I barely looked down on it. But everyone else seemed to really enjoy it. Key to know: you are not allowed to bring cameras on it (they have people taking photos that are $30 each). The Guano mines stop was next and a beautiful view that was not crowded. I liked this stop more since it was less commercial.  You could climb up on a rock and just sit quietly, taking in the beautiful landscape with the Colorado river below.  Bret had home-style cooked Arby's sandwiches for us (not fast food tasting, actually a good deli sandwich for those of you who have not tried it), cookies, and grapes. It was also 95 degrees that day, so he was constantly making sure we had enough water and were not getting too hot. 3rd: Hoover Dam- we did the bird's eye bridge view, where you could see the whole thing, but never walked on the dam. At first I was a little bummed, but the scorching heat and fatigue of being on the road all day made me happy to skip that part too. At the end of the day, he dropped us off at our hotel (6:30PM) and I felt that trip was the highlight of my Vegas trip. If you want comfortable, friendly and enjoyable service- Grand Adventures is the place to go!
5	This tour was SUCH a positive experience that it spurred me to write my first Yelp review. Our tour guide Luis, in particular, was phenomenal.We started a bit late because people who were picked up earlier than us were late, but Grand-Adventures had this number you could call (Tiffany) and she was really helpful, providing clear notifications of where the car was at what time. The email communications the night before were really helpful and clear as well.Once we got on the road, the tour itself was a really first class experience, delivering the value I sought (yes, their tours are a bit more expensive, I did the walking for $160). No you're not on a coach bus eating gourmet buffet food, but the guide tells stories and shows you lots of interesting things. At the actual canyon our guide was very active about finding the best spots for us to view and take pictures. He even gave a lot of other members tips on how to utilize their DSLRs to get the best pics. If I had to choose again, I would definitely pick Grand-Adventures, with Luis as a guide if possible!
5	What a FANTASTIC time we had with Kevin and our group of 9 FABULOUS adventurers. I think Kevin would agree that we were his all time FAVORITE group. :) As mentioned in other reviews, you get unlimited breakfast at McDonald's, a rest stop at Route 66 after a brief stop at the Hoover Dam, and then finally the Grand Canyon tour. All of that was fab, but the best part was the relationships we built with everyone there. It felt like going on a road trip with family. From playing 'Name that TV Tune' on our way home, to sharing stories of our lives, it is a memory that will forever be etched in all of our hearts. Highly recommend this trip if you are looking for something more personable and memorable. Kevin, don't forget to visit your favorite Indian girls in MI! :)
5	I took a Grand Canyon sunset tour from Las Vegas over the weekend when I was stuck on the west coast for a work trip.  I booked several days in advance, and while it was a little pricier than the Grand Canyon tours you see advertised in Las Vegas on the strip, this is a SOUTH RIM tour, which doesn't happen often from Las Vegas.  This tour started at a reasonable hour (7:40 am), and was in a van with only 9 of us plus the driver. Since I was traveling alone, I got to ride shotgun.  That's actually good because I can get car sick ... never in big buses, but in a van, maybe ...  That said, even though the driver complained a bit about potholes, I felt the roads were pretty good compared to the east coast roads with huge pot holes that can damage your tires! Anyway, we started off with breakfast at McDonald's.  Not really my cup of tea, but it was quick and fast and that's what was needed.  The driver did a great job keeping us on schedule the whole day.  We had fun (short) stops at Hoover Dam and the town Seligman on Route 66 where the movie Cars was inspired.  We got to the Grand Canyon a little before 2:00 and hiked to several viewing points along the rim and finally enjoyed a late picnic lunch along the rim - from Arby's but it was really just a sandwich on whole wheat bread.  We also took the shuttle and drove to some of the viewpoints, but just be warned it is a high altitude (over 7000 feet) and there is a decent amount of uphill hiking to get to that altitude with the highest point.  It managed okay, but it was challenging at times.  That said, I am so happy I went because the views were just breathtaking.In all, we spent over 5 hours at the canyon, and ended up watching the sunset over the canyon ... Magical.  We got back in Vegas at about 11:30 pm (when this happens for you will be based on when the sun sets).   It was a super long day, but I have no regrets - the whole experience was absolutely magical and I'd recommend (and already have recommended) this company to any of my friends who are looking to book a South Rim tour from Vegas.
