3	Ok, so on a road trip, late January 2009 my wife and I got here around 2AM and needed to crash.  The price was a bit high for arriving so late ($80) but hey, the room was clean, property was well kept and fairly new looking.  they were really inflexible with the checkout (they refused a late checkout) but otherwise, it was a nice enough place.If you see my review on Ramada in Bakersfield you will understand why I would stay here again - familiarity of a clean, nice place makes a little inflexibility easier to deal with when you stay somewhere sub-par!
4	We were traveling at Christmastime two nights ago and needed to stop for the night.We pulled in here after phoning the Holiday Inn Express up the road which was $99/night.The Best Western was offering a rate of $68 and with AAA discount, $62, so I was delighted.  The room was nice and clean, the bed very comfortable, and they offer the usual complimentary breakfast....nothing fancy but just fine.  They do offer fresh fruit which many places don't.We had a very restful night and were back on the road the next morning.  They don't accept pets, so that's the only drawback if you travel with yours.
4	We have stayed at this place several times while visiting family. With AAA the room is $62 bucks. The room itself was clean, had a microwave and a mini fridge. The bathrooms are a nice size too. The king size bed was super comfortable. The only downfall was the dead beetle on the bathroom.
3	My wife and I stayed here after Thanksgiving, on our way back to California. We accidentally left an expensive digital camera in the room but didn't notice it missing until we got home. I called and they informed me that they had found it but they couldn't discuss it with me since the room was rented in my wife's name. Strike 1My wife called and asked them to return the camera to us either Fedex or UPS using our credit card information. She was informed that they would take it to the post office, have it wrapped there and sent to us C.O.D. They never did this. Strike 2.After two weeks or so my wife called again, and they informed her that the camera had been put away and they couldn't find it.Bottom line: Don't leave anything behind. You won't see it again.P.S. The room was comfortable and the price was good. It's unfortunate that the post-stay experience left a sour taste in our mouth.
3	Great rates, friendly staff, clean room, spacious bathroom!  A bit noisy when folks arrived late at night and from the train horn in the morning and the bed is a bit too soft for my tastes.  I'd stay again if needed.
5	Very nice hotel , the front desk guy very friendly , I was able to get a room on the same day paying less than 70 dollars , our room was very clean
4	First night of our 3-week road trip.  Arrived round 9:00 pm and front desk was vacant...but they left a sign.  We waited about 5 min and finally gave them a call from the car.  The attendant had just stepped out to stock the complimentary coffee bar.  Check in was quick and easy.  Not too many guests were there.  Found our quiet room at the back and found the room to be very pleasant.  We had 2 queens which made the room a little cramped for 2 adults and an 11-yr old.  Everything was clean, stocked and in working order.  Wi-fi was a bit sporadic but not a problem.  Bathroom was a bit cramped. Shower and toilet in one room and sink outside.  Beds were cozy but a bit too soft for my taste.  Ac worked well but disrupted my sleep a few times when it turned off and on during the night.  Everyone else slept well.Complimentary breakfast was abundant but not as healthy as we normally eat.  There were hot scrambled eggs...from a pouched that was microwaved., breakfast burritos and potatoes, make-your own waffles, assorted cereals, fruit, breakfast breads and juice.  Coffee was decent.  Dining area was very nice and clean and attended by a sweet senior lady.  Also had a large screen tv with news on.  Grounds are clean and well maintained.  For the price, this was a really great choice for our one night stay.  Easy to find and right off the 10fwy.
5	Because of weather, we had to land in Eloy.  We saw a sign at the airport that said Best Western offered pilots/skydivers special deals.  We called the number, Gary the hotel manager personally drove to the airport in the hotel shuttle and picked us up.  He also offered to take us the 15 minutes back to the airport at 5:30 AM in the morning.  How much more customer service can you ask for?  The hotel is spotless, the rooms are comfortable and clean (I feel comfortable walking barefooted in the room, which is my personal barometer for cleanliness).  I would definitely recommend this hotel to everybody.
3	This property is conveniently located on Florence Blvd off of Interstate 10. It is 100% nonsmoking. The rooms are clean and spacious, with a medium sized flat screen, desk, small fridge, and free WiFi. However, the ice machine is located in the lobby, making for quite a hike if you are in a room at the back end of the property. Also, the room that breakfast is served in is small, with tables crammed in tight against the food counters. Expect uncomfortable conditions on packed weekends or during the high season for breakfast.Note: there is a Denny's next to the hotel if you like that kind of place. Starbucks is 1/2 mile to the west.
1	BED BUGS! Checked in to find bugs and stains on the sheets. My husband and I immediately left. When we went to the front desk to inform them that we were leaving and why, they informed us "you can check you out but we don't give refunds". I showed them pictures of the sheets and the front desk clerks response, Angelica  was "OMG! That's nasty" We requested to speak to the manager, Garry. Garry immediately walked up to us and said "your out of luck". Needless to say corporate is going to be called and the pictures sent to the health department.
