5	It was opening day for Marc when I stopped by here. Exciting. Buzzing. Spoke to most lovely Brit gent who manages the fab London Mount St store. He was hungover! Well hard not to be in Vegas. But he was well helpful. Big pink metallic elephant in window. Very cool. Staff were lovely. Hubby brought a ring. He regrets not getting the pants and the cuff now as well. Sad. Should always just buy it I say, esp on holiday. They had loadsa cool garms and bits for good prices. Got a Hollywood t-shirt. Random since was in Vegas. But have a practically vintage Marc Jacobs Vegas t-shirt. Top stuff.
3	2012 Review #153:In my head, this "Marc Jacobs" person is a worldly, sophisticated yet down-to-earth man. The type who speaks seven languages, wears tailored suits,  and makes coq au vin on his Viking stove just for the fun of it, while simultaneously drinking full-bodied red wine and discussing who really invented the prepared piano. Oh, and he makes a lot of money and looks like this: http://bestof.provocateuse.com/images/photos/matthew_bomer_93.jpgWhat does this have to do with women's fashion? Because my image of Marc Jacobs is the type of man that Marc Jacobs clothing makes one feel capable of wooing. It's flirty, delightful, whimsical, bold yet coy, feminine and inviting. I find his designs captivating, and that's how they make me feel when I have owned or tried on his designs. Yet, anyone who has ever seen that mythical "Marc Jacobs" character in the real world, has also experienced the incredible let down when you realize that he is not making eyes at you across the bar, but instead the pleather she-creature immediately behind you. That experience is what being in this store is like. It has all the fantasy that I love about Jacobs; giant metallic pink elephant in the window, incredible variety of accessories, men and women's clothing, fragrance, etc. I saw items here I hadn't found anywhere else, and they were tempting. Yet simultaneously, they didn't have some of the items found at my local Nordstrom. They had only one or two of each item, pushed so close together you had to manhandle the clothes to get a good look at them. And, most importantly, the staff completely ignored me. As I stared longingly at an amazing and beautiful and not-too-ridiculously-expensive dress, I realized that even if I knew I wanted to buy it, there wasn't any point in trying. The few employees were all walking around sullenly, not offering fitting rooms or help to anyone, basically acting as though customers purchasing things was not even remotely necessary in order for their business to function. That is, after all, the worst type of realization to have about the mythical "Marc Jacobs" character; they want you, need you even, but they would rather look cool than ever admit it.
4	cool store but realized after 10 mins, it's really for men. couldn't resist a t-shirt for my sister. cool store nonetheless.
5	Marc By Marc Jacobs emphasis more on amazing accessories than typical Marc Jacobs items. I love shopping for such things as rings, earrings, bracelets,watches  and other random accessories here, much more so than their apparel itself.To me, Marc is high-end feeling for modest prices. You might find some wallets and bags that are $200-$400, but you are settled down with nicely-sewn and coated denim for $70. If you want the high-end stuff, they have it. If you are on a budget, they have that as well.Sophisticated, yet attainable.People who work here are great. They are super-nice and helpful.
4	CUTE CUTE CUTE shop has a little something for everyone and prices for everyone too.  It's a mish mosh of things, jewelry, laptop cases, purses, shoes clothing, knick knacks.Staff is really cool too.
5	I hate this place so much that I have to have everything in there.   -__- My wallet hates me.I love their earrings, bracelets, necklaces, and have been eager to get all of their iphone cases lately. Their cases are so colorful and cute. I'm hoping to get their flats by the end of the month. They have cat and mouse faces on them. (o.0)I, also, always love their store fronts. Last year, they had a gigantic pink elephant fronting the store. During Christmas, they had a real sleigh. As of late, they have aliens/UFOs crash landed in the desert. SO FUN.
4	Every time we com to CP Forum Shops we always pop in to MARC BY MARC JACOBS and every time we get excellent service.  The sales staff is very helpful and go above and beyond!
5	This was my first time at a Marc by Marc Jacobs boutique and it will not be my last. I loved the selection of purses, wallets, accessories....everything! The mouse flats were super cute and 40% off! I will definitely be back whenever I'm in Vegas again!  Also the customer service I received was excellent. Ashley helped me select the perfect wallet and showed me multiple options beyond what i asked for. :)
3	The three stars are for the clothes only.  Customer service stinks.   We encountered a sales person named TYSON  this past week and he was incredibly rude and snotty.   He should probably realize that he makes about $13/hr and 3% commission. Dude, you're selling the clothes not designing them.  We probably would have checked out with a decent order had TYSON not been so rude; instead we put everything back. Hopefully management see's this and retrains this misguidedly entitled individual. Thanks!
5	Can I just dive into a sea of Marc by Marc Jacobs purses already?? I mean it's hard to miss that wall of purses in the back. This is how I approach it every time I visit: I slowly walk up to it and my eyes start at the bottom shelf, slowly my head tilts up with the eyes getting bigger and bigger and the mouth getting wider and wider - all in slow motion. It goes from this face ^o^ to this face T_T because I can't afford any of it. Still, I enjoy walking in and taking note on the things I need to save up for next.The store in general is just a fun and comfortable environment to be in. It seems like all the cool kids work here, all have that swaggy style with some funky hair. And though the purses may still be out of my personal budget, I can still find some small trinkets and jewelry pieces that are affordable. The clothes I just don't even bother looking at, let's be real. And if you decide to make that big purchase, make sure you don't suffer from buyer's remorse because only exchanges and store credit here!The reason why I decided to attack this review is because of the customer service. I've been looking for this limited edition iPhone case in a specific color that can't be found anywhere, not even online.  I asked one of the sales associates (Raiven) about it and she was unfamiliar with it but said she'd make some calls and if she can find it, she'd contact me. For the next several days, she kept me updated via email and was able to have another store ship it to their location for me to pick up. I honestly wasn't expecting anything more from that day I initially asked her about it. I figured it would be like, "sorry we don't have it here," and I'd be on with my search. She saved me lots of time and hassle so, thank you Raiven!
4	never been to a marc by marc jacobs before and this one was so pretty and i was very happy :) the layout is really organized and it's easy to find something if you're looking for something specific (like i was). the men's to the left, the women's to the right, the back wall for the purses.i bought two rings written in latin for $4 each, which is EXTREMELY reasonable (dare i say....cheap?!!). i've been wanting these rings since i saw them online and am so glad i was finally able to pick some up. they actually had my size, as well (size 6) so that was very exciting. the staff were helpful and friendly and i don't know why someone said that the customer service "stinks"-1 star for the inconvenience of checking out, because their machine was broken and they were using a laptop to manually register transactions. buying my two rings took about 10 minutes at the cashier and i thought that time was waaaaaay too long.
2	2 stars for the lack of customer service. Visited this location twice and received the same snooty idc attitude from an Asian woman with the mustache. I suggest you shop with anyone else but this individual.
