5	The coolest corner store in all of the world. First of all the owner named the place after his dachshund. Who has a dog named Pinkus McBride? Only the coolest person ever. And there is a small fairy who lives in the deli that makes the most magical sandwiches in the country. And the place always has the hipsters working there with great music blaring through the door. An essential stop before going to look at the scantily clad women in James Madison Park.
4	If you live on the east side of Downtown Madison, take note: this is the only place to pick up the Times on a Sunday morning.  Seriously, I buy three things at this place: mixers, beer, and the NY Times.  The best cornerstore in walking distance of my apartment.
4	As Michael said, what's really great about this corner store is that its a block up from James Madison Park, so you could just ease on down the way for a soda or ice cream break on nice Summer days when you are working the park.
4	This was the place that made me realize that they don't sell alcohol after 9pm in Wisconsin. That's it. That's my review.
5	Man, this place is great. They have a good selection of typical corner store items - snacks, drinks, grocery items, booze, etc. but the real treasure lies in their sandwiches - SO GOOD. For less than 5 dollars you get your choice of bread, two kinds of meat, cheese, veggies, and multiple sauces. Everything is high quality and definitely worth more than what you pay. They also have an excellent selection of cookies (top notch monster cookies), pastries,  and deli salads. Also, everyone is super friendly and it is clean. Bonus points for being on the way home from class!
5	Theeee best corner store in the whole US of A. Delicious yet cheap subs and deli foods that are maintained with the highest of quality. Everything is very tasty and very fresh. You can tell a lot of care and thought has been put into these foods. Even the day old subs rock, and you can't beat the half off price tag with a stick. Since the Isthmus is completely devoid of any hint of a grocery store, this was my go-to spot for sundries and sustenance for 5 whole years because I had no car, thought Cap Center was a joke, and couldn't afford Willy Street Co-op. It didn't hurt that a 12 pack of Blatz was $4.25 including tax and all the kind folks working treated me like a queen.
5	For the past 3 months I have stopped into Pinkus every morning to pick up my lunch, breakfast, and snack for the day. Whenever I have arrived the older gentleman behind the counter has been VERY friendly, he evens knows me by my first name. If you go early enough they have half-priced subs and salads that taste amazing, it is a real steal. Besides deli foods they have a huge beverage section that includes wine and beer. The beer section has an excellent variety of quality brew which is hard to find in a store of this size. The layout and appearance of the store is top notch so don't expect long bouts of searching for what you need. Overall, I would go nowhere else to start my day than Pinkus McBride!
5	Great sandwiches and deli selection, friendly employees.
4	It's just a corner store, but they've nailed it.Prices are fair. Selection is good. They have a legit deli with good sandwiches. They sell a pretty good selection of beer. If you're in Wisconsin and not drinking beer, you've missed the boat.Great alternative to a grocery store (since there are none within a mile).
4	Pinkus McBride and I were BFF's while I lived in Madison because it was literally directly across the street from my apartment. I am not going to lie, it is a little bit on the pricey side, but ultra convenient. Although the food items are a little expensive, they have really, really cheap wine. (I bought some for a shindig I threw) When I was too lazy to prepare food myself I bought subs here...they were about $5 and what you would expect as a sub from a corner store. They were never soggy.
5	Friendly service, always stocked, and perfect hours.
3	I work down Hamilton near this market.  For a day when you forget your lunch, Pinkus McBride can certainly be a lifesaver.  The service is nice and they have a great selection of food.I am just not impressed by the prices.  They know they are the only place in the area and take advantage of that.  I get it, supply and demand, but please, just bring it down a bit.  I pay more money for a sandwich there than I would at a fast food restaurant.  I get the quality is better but the temperature is much hotter at the restaurant.The breakfast sandwiches are on bagels or muffins with eggs, bacon or ham and cheese.  They have a full deli and a small convenience store.  If you forget lunch or breakfast, this is the place to be.  I am quite overwhelmed by the deli.  I could not figure out the prices or how to order a sandwich.  It took some help to walk me through it.  A deli should not require help.I do not want to speak ill of Pinkus but I know their prices have pushed people away.  I found myself heading up the opposite way to Bradbury's (reviewed below) for a $1.80 cup of coffee.  Oh, Pinkus, we will always have a love/hate relationship.
5	Ever since I moved to Madison from Ann Arbor the one thing I've been missing is a true deli.... Until I found Pinkus McBride! This place has great sandwiches.  It's a walk-up and create your own sandwich place.  Fresh hoagie rolls or other breads, lots of topping options, and even other deli sides.  I will be returning for all of my deli cravings.  Nothing else like this in town.
2	I rate Pinkus only two stars for this reason: it wasn't the grocery store I had hoped. I did my research (yelped and googled Pinkus McBride Market), read the reviews, and decided to forgo Fresh Market on University and give Pinkus a shot. The location is unbeatable - a block from my apartment - and it really is a cute, little place. However, the selection for general grocery items such as cereal, noodles, rice, and yogurt was small and a bit pricey. I knew about the higher prices, but I was sad about not finding a convenient grocery store so close to my place. The deli was closed, but I did buy an Italian sub that brought me much joy on my lunch break -- the olives were a splendid compliment to the meat. I will definitely go back when the deli is open because of fellow yelpers' reviews. I wasn't beer or wine shopping, but there was a better selection than what I was searching for. The staff was also very friendly. Again, the two stars may be unfair to Pinkus McBride Market as a whole, but for my desire to find a viable grocery store, it fits. Will rate again once I visit the deli --
5	I have another market super close to me, but I go out of my way to go to Pinkus. They have the nicest employees, solid prices, and a good selection of reasonably priced beer/wine. Also, their brownies and bars are surprisingly the BEST I have had in Madison.
1	Over priced and anything from the deli just doesn't taste right
5	It's weird to rave about a corner "minute market" store, but this one is pretty tight.Besides having a baller selection of beer (the only place I can find Wild Blue in Madison), it's convenient and well-priced for the James Madison neighborhood.They also have some fresh food which is a little pricier, but always delicious.The staff is nice and they take credit cards! Go here!
4	I work just a couple blocks away from Pinkus McBride Market, so I go there often to grab lunch/snacks.Keep in mind that this is a very small corner market with limited space. However, for such a small space, they do have a great selection of essentials. They have lots of snack food, frozen foods, a nice selection of dairy products, etc.The deli area is the highlight though. They make delicious sandwiches, using quality ingredients. The deli uses Boar's Head meat, which is excellent. They also make a variety of great pasta salads. Oh, and they have really good carrot cake!!Everyone who works there is super friendly and helpful. As others have mentioned, they do have a nice little selection of beer and wine. Everything at Pinkus McBride is pretty affordable. If you live/work nearby, I'd highly recommend checking it out!
5	I'm reading these reviews and thinking some of y'all need to read up on what a "convenience store" is...if you're expecting a supermarket selection and walmart prices, then it's nobody's fault but your own when you're disappointed. I live right next door to Pinkus. They always have what I need when I'm cooking and realize I'm out of that *one* ingredient, be it an onion or a bottle or Worcestershire  sauce. They also have a great wine selection and a whole bevy of snacks and desserts to satisfy any corner store cravings.Perfect place to stop before, after, or during a trip to the park!
