1	My husband usually gets his hair cut and they do a fine job.  However, last time he went, he came home and said his neck really hurt.  I look at the back of his neck, and there are at least 7 large cuts across the back of his neck and everything is red and irritated.  I couldn't believe it!  One cut, maybe, but more than that?  She could have at least said something so he could watch for infection.  She never showed him the back of his hair like they usually do when they are done with a cut, so she was definitely hiding it.I have notified their corporate office.  I don't want anything in return.  Just want them to be aware that this is a health hazard and poor form on their part.
1	I have been to various Great Clips before but never to this location until today.   After I was asked how I wanted my hair and I gave her the name a of men's hairstyle (an undercut with a #1 on the sides and back). The "stylist" started about cutting my hair and never asked questions, so I assumed she understood.  When it was clear she had no clue what she was doing and/or what I had asked for, I stopped her.  She gets offended when I ask her if she even understood what I wanted.  She proceeds to tell me about how she's been cutting hair for over 20 years and implies I'm an idiot.  Not only that but the other woman working in the place chimes in as well telling me I didn't ask for an undercut and that it's a woman's hairstyle blah blah blah.  I proceed to literally explain to them how to cut a men's undercut, how to part the hair, that it's not blended, etc.  So anyway, up until now I was the only customer in the place.  After people came in I felt extremely embarrassed to say anything else so I just let this "stylist" finish whatever it was she thought she was supposed to be doing to my hair.  Needless to say, I went home straightaway and shaved my head.  Long story short... the employee's here are rude, unprofessional, and not very well trained.  I would give them 0 stars if possible.  Go someplace else!!!
