4	So I originally used this tailor purely because Executive Dry Cleaners over the road said that I should - if that isn't the basis of a good recommendation then I don't know what is.I've only had the pleasure of using them twice so far, but what a pleasure it has been!The first time \i went in I needed some trousers both shortened in the leg and narrowed in the waist. The two services purchased separately  would usually cost in the region of twenty pounds but because I got them together the gent I dealt with gave me a deal at sixteen pounds. That's one of the things I really love about this place, bartering seems to be on the table. I love me a good haggle. Shame then that I'm rubbish at it.The second time I went in was to add a button and a button hole onto a shirt which tended to flap up annoyingly quite a lot. The button was taken from the shirt (so I imagine that reduced the cost slightly) but the hole was made and stitched so that it looks no different to the others. The price for this service which has bought renewed life to a shirt I no longer wore? Three pounds. You absolutely cannot argue with prices like that; I would've happily paid seven pounds for the same and I really respect the fact that they charge for the amount of work they complete and not just what they think they can get away with.In terms of time for completion for both items, I believe I had to wait a couple of days but I wasn't really in a rush for either so didn't push for them to be completed any quicker - I do get the impression though that if I'd have been desperate they could have made the alterations quicker, although I imagine there would have been some extra cost attached. So why only four stars? Well the new lining in the hems of my trousers only seems to be properly sewed on one side meaning I get my foot caught in it when I put my trousers on. That may sound like an odd reason to detract a star but it's small quality issues like these that stop it from being a perfect service and just keep it as a very good one.I have absolutely no hesitation in going back to Stitch Express and fully intend to use them for any other alteration/repair work needed on my wardrobe. If you live in my area you could do a damn sight worse so go ahead and give them a try.
