5	One of the cleanest and friendliest smoke shop in the valley!!
5	I'm a total fan of this smoke shop.Nice selection and variety- you will find something that fits your style. They are really helpful here and don't try to jack you around. They even have marked down pieces you can choose from also if you need something small and cheap.Great variety in papers also. My go to spot in my neighborhood, I def recommend checking them out!
2	Yes...its very clean. And yes, they're friendly. HOWEVER....the electronic cigarette aka e-cigs, are a rip off. Getting a product that bad is the reason why many fail. First of all they put out a lot of vapor aka smoke but do NOT deliver in taste & FEEL. The greensmart or whatever it is...is like smoking a cigarette with holes in it. And worst of all...that brand does NOT offer different mg of nicotine! Unbelievable! And the one they have does not state how many mg are in it. The whole point to me is to work my way down to zero. And if not...I want to feel it! Full flavor. Yet when I called in advance, the guy said "oh yeah, just come on in. We carry so many I can't name em all". That gteen smart thing was ONLY ONE! WHAT?! Thats lying...and that's not okay.   BTW, if its helpful for any1 to know. ..they also do NOT carry ANY tobacco products. None. Their focus is evidently on the drug side of things...full of hookahs or whatrver those are called, lol. And a lot of other paraphernalia. So its basically a good store for potheads (& maybe synthetics...I didn't look around much). Just sayin
5	the owner is a super cool dude, and is really knowledgeable about all the stuff. I bought my brother and E-cigarette and hopefully he will stop smoking soon! so glad we went in, we got all the information we were looking for.
2	Won't be back.   I used to use B&B for pens and dabbing products but the overpriced pen product they sold me broke twice in 2 months.   I paid $80 for the pen and choose to be loyal to them and buy other items like a dabbing rig as well.  The owner seemed chill when I bought the product and then when I came in to replace the product acted upset because he gets a lot of returns on that product specifically.   Here's a thought : if the product is cheap don't sell it.  And certainly don't get annoyed with your customers because of it.  If you choose a terrible product to sell and you know it's a cheap ineffective product and refuse to help me when I show you it's broke then I'm not going to spend another dime in your store.    If I have anything to say about it neither will any of my friends either.  I used to think highly of this store and it's ownership.  Unfortunately that opinion has drastically changed.  Sad.
3	All these reviews but it's almost 11 and there still not open or are they answering phones smh
5	I go into BnB all the time and I'm never disappointed. The guys are so helpful and knowledgeable on a lot of stuff, so if you've got a question just ask! The selection of glass they have is perfect and the quality is nothing but high grade glass. They have an awesome selection of bowls and different downstems, along with bubblers, pipes, vapes, rigs and of course gnarly waterpipes!! I'd definitely recommend dropping by BnB whenever you get the chance!
