5	After months of being ashamed of my haggard and worn nail beds, I decided to find a nail salon to remedy the situation. Back in the late 90's through 2003, I tried various artificial nail solutions, including gel, acrylic and silk-wrapped nails. A compulsive nail biter, my last foray into artificial nails ended when half of my beautiful silk-wrapped nails came off during my honeymoon. After that, I went au natural, which frankly isn't pretty on me.All of the nail salons in my area had mediocre reviews except for the new (10 months) Aloha Nails near the PetSmart/Best Buy at the intersection of Rea Road and Ardrey Kell Road. I tried Aloha Nails based on the single 4 star review here on Yelp.Walk-ins are welcome at Aloha Nails and when I arrived at 5:30PM on this drizzly Thursday afternoon a woman quickly answered all my questions. Did they do "Solar Nails"? (Something I was interested in) - Yes. How long did it take? 45 minutes. How much? $50. Could I get them done right then? Yes.By 5:35 I was seated in the quiet front area, getting started. Having tried all sorts of previous treatments in the past, I was intrigued by these solar nails which involve white acrylic for the tips and a translucent pink acrylic for the nail beds. I am a BIG fan of utterly natural looking nails.Sitting down, the gentleman in front asked if I wanted something to drink. My request for red wine was met with a slightly inappropriate glass shape (think champagne flute) of what tasted like boxed red wine. Seriously though, I wasn't there for the wine selection so this was not a problem. I appreciated being offered, and not charged, for a glass of wine (red or white) with which to unwind after work.The woman who started to work with me had to step away for eyebrow threading, and the same gentleman who had gotten my wine took over for the service. His name was Cody, and he was exceptionally friendly and patient as he explained all the steps for the "solar nails" process, which fascinated me.Cody informed me that Aloha Nails is a family run business. His family is from Vietnam originally, but they lived for a long time in Hawaii, which is why they chose the name "Aloha Nails". While Cody worked on my nails I heard peals of laughter from the back room. A woman and 9 of her friends were getting pedicures as a part of a baby shower they had scheduled. They all left with smiles on their faces, very happy. Cody later took me back for a mini tour of the back area, and it is a great looking area with 12 state-of-the art pedicure/massage chairs. The chairs alone were so formidable that I might have to partake in a pedicure there someday!I was quite pleased with the service I received, and up in the front another woman who was getting her bi-weekly manicure confirmed for me that Aloha Nails was an excellent place. We chatted on and off throughout our sessions. She had gotten acrylic nails at Aloha Nails for many months and was in her second or third visit after having them removed, and starting with Axxium gel polish by Opi. She swore by Axxium, and said it was helping her grow out her nails wonderfully. That's my next step in a few months. She said, "It takes a little longer than acrylics, but you get a full manicure. How awesome is that - here in this wonderful environment with some wine?"I've been to several nail places, including local places like "My Bella" and "Ballantyne Nail Spa". I found the folks at Aloha to be terrifically friendly, speedy at what they do (I left 50 minutes later with awesome looking nails) and the atmosphere to be very soothing. I won't hesitate to go back again.
5	I went in and had my nails done before a two week trip. She mentioned the Axxium Gel Polish from OPI and I gave it a try and it worked! All but one of my nails stayed PERFECT for 14 days! The next time I had it soaked off and regular polish done along with a pedicure. The pedicure was FABULOUS! They take time, I never feel rushed. I've now been three times and have plans to go weekly unless I am traveling for work.15 for a mani, 25 for a pedi, but do them both at the same time and pay only 35. Really nice, friendly and skilled employees. Definately a nice change from some of the 'snobby' salons in Ballantyne!
2	I went to Aloha nails before a recent vacation because I heard rave reviews about them.  I have very thin nails and have been hesitant to get artificial nails.  First of all, the do use dremels just like every other nail salon, and they are over priced.   I decided to get the pink and white nails and was told they would last at least two weeks, one was lifting within a week.  They are okay, but nothing spectacular.
5	I love aloha salon! I have been going there just 3 months after my friends referred me and I will never go anywhere else. Not only their service is excellent (my pink and white set and pedicure are always done the way I like them - never lifted or chipped) but they are also overly friendly. I always feel so relaxed at aloha. They have many services to fulfill your needs whether just a regular pedicure or a hot stone pedicure or a luxury pedicure. My girls and I always look forward to coming to aloha every 2 weeks.
5	This salon was recommended to me by an aestetician - I am relatively new to the area and asked her to recommend a super-clean & sterile nail salon and she highly recommended Aloha nails  - also suggested that they will do your mani & pedi at the same time if they have enough employees available so you can get out quick if you need to.  A friend and I went together and we did both get in & out fairly quickly which is a big plus in my opinion.  My nails looked great for 3 weeks which is longer than usual!  I just scheduled our second appt. - very happy so far!
2	Not worth the price. I felt rushed as the two ladies working simultaneously on my hands and feet were massaging so fast like they were trying to win a contest who would get done faster. I can go a block away and get paraffin soak added for less price. This is Charlotte not New York, so if you are going to charge more, then you need to up the quality of service as well.
5	My first visit to Aloha Nails was great, a little pricey but very good service. Cash tips are preferred. My 5 year old granddaughter went with me and my daughter-in-law and she got her first manicure! Well they painted her finger nails, and she just loved it. The tech was so good with her and the pedicure that we got was great, very long foot massage! Wonderful, I almost fell asleep, so relaxing....
5	Finally found a great nail salon! Wine, courtesy, cleanliness, and of course great skills. My nails look great!!
5	Decided to try this place out based on the strong reviews.  Turns out I got there just in time.  About five minutes after I walked in, they ran out of pedicure chairs.  The pedicure itself was amazing.  The tech took her time and even did a leg massage which not a lot of places do.  Not your average strip mall nail salon!  $50 for a pedicure and gel polish manicure.  I will definitely be going back, which is saying something as it isn't exactly convenient.
4	I tried Aloha Nails because it's around the corner from me. They are tucked in the shopping center near Best Buy and Petsmart in Blakeney - near Salsarita and SAS Cupcakes. I walked in without an appointment and they took me right away for a pedicure.  They have several pedicure chairs lined up on two walls.  Their chairs give you one heck of a chair massage! Where some pedicure chairs only massage your back, their chairs massagers in the seat, so you can work out any kinks in your bottom :) The nice young lady did a very nice job and was very meticulous in completing my pedicur - I appreciate the attention to detail. I'm sure I'll be back!
3	This place was okay... Their nail polish selection was awful and their prices are a little steep compared to where I usually go but I was looking for a place nearby that opened earlier so I came here. The girl I had did a pretty decent job, she was really nice and their chairs are comfortable. It's really near my house so I'm sure I will give them another shot in the future, however I will bring my own nail polish!! Seriously the selection was limited and what they did have was old and goopy and very unpleasant. I do love that if you get a manicure and pedicure they will have one girl do your feet and another girl do your nails at the same time so you don't have to be there as long... definitely a big plus when on a time crunch!!
4	There are a couple of girls that I prefer to others, but overall it's a great nail place. I pass several others on the way to get to Aloha. I usually get pink and white sets, and they make them look natural but super polished. Pedicures are great, too. Prices are about average. It does tend to get a little busy though, so you might want to call ahead, but I never do & have been just fine every time.
2	This place was just ok.  Way too busy with no where to sit or stand to wait without being in the way and they really seemed to rush through my pedicure.
3	I hate to do this but I have to bring Aloha Nails down a star. Mainly because of the service I had today. For the most part, most of the ladies are very nice and are meticulous in their work. Today, I wasn't so lucky. I usually only get a pedicure but decided to have both a manicure and pedicure. The nail tech doing my pedicure was nice and was careful in her work. It wasn't the same for the tech doing my manicure. When I sat down, she started small talk and wanted to know if I wanted my eye brows done. I said no and she said that she does brows. I said no thank you again. My manicure and pedicure were being done at the same time but I could only focus on my hands. She wasn't gentle (I have a cut on my cuticle and she kept sanding my nail beds to the point it irritated the cuticle and skin around my nail bed) and her work was sloppy. She asked me to pay before I got nails polished, so I handed her my credit card and $20 for her to break. I'm usually very accommodating when nail places ask for tips in cash. She brought back a $10 and two $5's - I asked for one of the $5 to be broken down again.She must have not liked that - perhaps she was expecting the $5 tip since that's what she gave me. I gave her a little more than 20% - I probably shouldn't have. When she polished my nails, it was sloppy, sloppy, sloppy. I chose a darker color so even the smallest smudge is easily seen. I thought she might go back and clean it up, but she didn't. It's disappointing because I've had good service here before, a few times.I would go back to Aloha Nails because it's so convenient - maybe just for a pedicure - but I'd avoid this nail tech in the future.
1	My second and last visit here .they rush too much to get people in and off. Prices is little more than average  places the service is ok. I do not recommend
5	Love this place! Definitely one of the better nail salons in Ballantyne. They have a decent selection of colors for regular and gel polish. Also I love that they have matched most of the gel colors, so if you have a certain polish color you love it's easy to find the gel version of it. There are a couple of techs that aren't the best, but Nancy is awesome. Any place that gives you wine while they massage your feet gets 5 stars in my book!
5	Aloha nails is ultimately THE nail place in Blakeney area. I have been going here for 3 years now and I have always had the best service. Staff is very friendly. Great service! They have cold drinks and wine. I was so sad when I moved 2 years ago for my job. I could not find any nail place as good as this one. I just moved back to charlotte for a new contract and I was so happy to come back to my favorite place. They remembered me and the owner gave me a welcome back hug. I hope my contract will be a long one so I can stay here to see my aloha staff every 2 weeks for my pedi, mani & eyebrows. Aloha!
5	My gf loves this place. She comes here with her girlfriends every 2 weeks. This is the only place she would go to get her nails done. I came with her a few times for our special occasions and I have to admit, it's pretty great. Friendly staff. Great service. They serve cold drinks and wine. I had the best pedicure there. The leg massage was awesome! We were annoyed to see a few bad reviews about Aloha but I guess you can't please them all. It's def a 5 star for me and also my gf.
5	This place is pretty awesome! I have been to a few bad nail places so I was cautious. However, I was pleasantly surprised by the wonderful services and friendly and staff. I had a glass of white wine while getting my legs rubbed. They did a great job on my pedi and mani. The atmosphere is very relaxing and just what I need after a stressful day at work. Everyone at my workplace go here and I'm glad I took their advice. This is my escape from reality spot from now on.
4	After calling to make an appointment, I was glad I did. I arrived around 1:00 on a rainy Saturday afternoon and the place was packed. After a recent bad experience with a gel manicure, at another salon, I decided to try old school acrylic nails. I was seated, asked if I would like a drink, and received an amazing manicure with acrylics! Although the place was packed the manager/owner managed the appointments and walk-ins very well. The manicurist did a great job, shaped my nails very well, and asked me if everything was okay before proceeding. The service was great and I found the prices to be very reasonable for what they offer. I definitely look forward to my next visit!
5	This is MY go-to nail salon.  I have been doing the natural nail thing on my hands for awhile now, but I still go for a monthly maintenance manicure/pedicure!  I, often, call for an appointment... but walk-in is ok too.  Once they get used to seeing your face, they will do ALL they can to keep you coming back... if the place isn't too crowded, and I need a mani/pedi... often, they'll have two techs working on me at once.  I always feel pretty and spoiled when I leave!  I really do love this salon, and the fact that it's close to home is a wonderful bonus!
2	I am from out of town and looking for a new place mani and pedis. The facility and equipment are alright; however, the chair I had was broken so had to skip the massage. It was very crowded but there were a lot of technicians. Bottom line, not very impress with the service nor the quality. Will have to keep searching...
5	I was very pleased with Aloha Nails. I took my best friend there yesterday for a mani/pedi for her birthday. She had never had them done before. We got there around 11 am and it wasn't terribly crowded (it filled up by the time we left). I have been having my nails done for years and Aloha was as good or better than my usual salon. I have decided to change due to location. The technicians were friendly, offered us beverages and did excellent work. I got a new set of acrylics and a pedi and I am very pleased with the results. I will definitely be going back.
5	Seriously my only go to nail salon now. I walked in right as they opened and they were already filling with regulars. Good sign number 1! They have a cozy feel and the nail techs seem to want to build personal relationships with their clients! Their selection of Nail Polish is awesome and even though the salon isn't huge it feels a lot better than your average run of the mill spa. Loves the work they did and seeing so many regulars be known by name made me even more sure this is somewhere I want to be more often! Also a tip bring cash!! You get a discount when you pay with cash!
4	Ended up going here after a really bad experience with another spa. We were seated immediately, asked if we wanted a drink, and received service right away despite being very busy. The chairs were almost all full. The lady doing our pedicures got right to work right away. Would definitely recommend this place to my friends.
3	I started going to Aloha pretty much when it first opened and it was amazing. Then they started getting really busy and the quality went down. I decided to shop around and realized that Aloha on a bad day is pretty much better than other salons on a good day so I went back. The 3 stars is because they are great if you go during a non-busy time but the quality still drops when they get busy. They need to work on providing a consistent experience no matter how busy they are.
1	Went to Aloha nails to get my gel manicure removed and a regular manicure after. One tech started, then another took over. She removed the gel (I thought, anyways), then did probably the worst manicure I've ever had. Maybe they prefer to do gel & acrylic nails and don't care to spend time on a regular nail manicure. After she removed the gel, she did a precursory filing, they were uneven and not even shaped. I asked her to file and she did an ok job then. However, no cuticle oil after the removal of the gel. She did not put a base coat, just 2 quick coats of the watered down nail polish. No top coat either. AND to top it off, when I just removed the nail polish today, a week later.....I found that there is STILL gel polish on my nails in spots. Would not recommend at all
4	I enjoyed my gel manicure and pedicure. They were quick and effective and I will be going back there. I didn't like that I had to stand and wait for a while for someone to help me but when I sat down and got that wonderful massage in the chair and was offered a glass of wine I forgot all about it. I'll be back.
4	I've been here several times for Gel manicures over the last 6 months. Very clean and reasonable prices. I love that they have drinks available and the nail techs are always sweet and courteous. They are REALLY busy on Sundays when I go, so I would recommend calling ahead. Also, they offer a 10% discount if you pay in cash ;)
4	This place is great. The aloha pedicures are a treat! Must try. I've been looking for a place where I don't need to make an appointment with someone that's good because they are ALL fantastic. This place is out of the way for me, but it's exactly what I'm looking for. Just a few minor details: wish they had better exhaust fans/ventilation. The fumes can be intense sometimes; poor cellular reception (in case you are needing to work on blackberry); and always make sure you ask them for what you want/expect since you're paying for the service anyway. Some ppl have complained that the service wasn't this or that and were very displeased because of it. I've had the same experience (I came a little before closing one time so I understood the frustration) where the lady was going to completely skip my cuticle care, which is a big part of a manicure, because she was rushing. I just asked before she started putting a base coat and she did it and did it very well; leave a good tip! Not only do they deserve it, but they remember you and they go an extra mile because they know you Appreciate it through tips. Try this place at least once! Call on your way there to put your name down as this place is always busy (usually 15 min wait).
