5	The massage staff, Chiropractor, and exercise therapist are awesome. Really care about their patients. Can usually get a last minute appointment and the pro athletes are nice to the other patients when they come in. highly recommended!
5	I have been a patient of Dr. Myers at the Palmer Center for Natural Healing for about 6 months now. Dr. Myers and her entire staff do an OUTSTANDING job as they truly do care about their patients! On top of this, they do a wonderful work when it comes to diagnosing and treating severe back pain. Every step of the healing process was thoroughly explained and then accurately and successfully treated- Naturally! Dr.Alicia Myers is wonderful to work with! Being a bigger guy, I was concerned whether or not she would be able to adjust me properly?! I must tell you, she's done a better than ANY other Chiropractor I have visited. She does a GREAT job of explaining her game plan in getting you back to health. Furthermore, you can tell that she truly does care about the well being of everybody that walks thru her door!  I have, and will continue, to HIGHLY recommend her to anybody experiencing back/body pain.The Palmer Center for Natural Healing was also able to put together an affordable treatment package, which I was thankful for.  All and all- I would highly recommend Dr. Myers and the Palmer Center for Natural Healing to anyone else who is looking to alleviate back pain in a Naturopathic way.
5	The Palmer center is exceptional. Dr. Myers knows what she is doing and is very thorough with each patient. She is the best chiropractor I have been too. She listens to your concerns and then treats you accordingly to them! You can tell she truly cares about each patients care when they come in. The massage therapists are amazing and you cannot get a better massage anywhere! They also have physical therapy with Dr. Freese and he is very knowledgable and understanding. I would highly recommend them to everyone!!
5	I was in an auto accident. I thought I was okay immediately after the accident, but within a few hours, I was feeling horrible. My neck and back were causing me serious pain. I was beginning to curl up. I called Dr. Alicia Meyers at the Palmer Center because she was recommended by a friend and close to my work. I was able to get in for a comprehensive exam and treatment began immediately. I was very impressed with the expertise of the staff. They were able to explain and show me the extent of my injuries as well as the approach to treat me. I owe my quick recovery to Dr. Meyers and the folks at the Palmer Center.
5	I was in the area and needed a chiropractor. A friend of mine recommended I contact Dr. Meyers at the Palmer Center. Well, I can say I am sure glad I took the recommendation. I am very impressed with the facility and all they have to offer. In addition to the great chiropractic care I was given, they also have massage and rehab for particular cases. They also have the top of the line spinal decompression machine called the DRX 9000 which is awesome. This is unique and not everyone has this machine because of its cost. The worked great for my low back pain and was what I needed.Thanks so much for the great care you provided and I will recommend you guys to anyone in the area.
5	I was in Scottsdale and was suddenly hit with severe low back pain that went deep into my leg. I had never experienced this pain before after golf and had no idea what to do. While I was talking with some friends they recommended I visit Dr. Myers at Palmer Center.  I called and was able to get an appointment immediately with the doctor staying over her lunch to see me.  Not only was she kind and very detailed with her exam but also offered advice on different things I could do to help prevent further back pains like this.  Her staff did X Rays and found out that I had one leg shorter than the other and would need a heel lift.  I have never been to a place where I had not only the pain fixed but the cause of it as well. Way to go Dr. Myers and Staff! You saved my vacation!
5	I was driving back and forth from LA to Scottsdale monthly for business and after a while my neck and low back started to really hurt.  I went and got a massage and Acupuncture but neither seemed to help at all.  I didn't really know anyone in the area and was at my last resort when one of my co workers recommended I see a Chiropractor. I decided to look online and found the Palmer Center had some really high reviews so I decided to give it a shot.  I called in and the front desk girl was warm and answered all of my insurance questions right away.  There was no guessing or "estimating" what the cost would be when I walked in the door, which was nice.  I also got in later that day and was able to see Dr. Myers.  Wow, I was completely blown away by her and the entire staff. I would drive by 10 other offices to come to this one again as these are REAL people who CARE about my needs.  Dr. Myers was confident, straight forward and genuinely interested in MY problems that mattered to me.  I found out that I had my neck out and one hip higher than the other which she was able to help me with.  Now I understand that the traveling and my muscle imbalance cause my spine to go out of alignment and seeing Dr. Myers, doing massage therapy and rehab with Dr. Frees is part of my lifestyle. Thanks so much everyone for making me feel so much better than I have in ten years!
5	I've been going to the Palmer Center for several years and have always been happy with the results. Dr Myers is wonderful  . She listens to my concerns and is very kind and professional.  She takes her time with me and gives me good advice about keeping healthy. The office is very warm and friendly and the equipment is state of the art.
5	Dr. Alicia Myers is BEYOND SUPERB.We who benefit from her healing hands are truly blessed.
5	Both my wife and I have been treated with wonderful results .  We are 82 with various back issues .They are kind, caring and competent.  I would strongly recommend their services.  Dr Meyers is truly a talent in the field. We have been coming here for several years even at their old address. After my wife was diagnosed with Alzheimer's she continued to have periodic back pain and dr Meyers handled it
5	I have seen Dr. Myers for a year now and am so greatful a wonderful friend told me about her. Dr. Myers is kind, caring, compassionate, and most importantly, awesome at her job. I have seen a couple of other chiropractors and can say with confidence that she is the best. I am a bigger girl and while Dr. Myers may look like a little lady, she can manipulate me like I'm a 90 pounds, but she does so with a gentle and respectful touch. I recently saw another chiropractor while traveling and he made me appreciate Dr. Myers and her understanding of the female body. She is very knowledgable and passes along her knowledge so I better understand my body and the cause and affects of issues I have had. She comes from a true place of wanting to help her clients and talks to them, not at them so they can learn how to better themselves. I have also had massages in the office and they are awesome! Due to my work schedule, I sometimes have to arrange an appointment the day of and the wonderful ladies who have worked at the front desk have always been able to help me. If you are in need of chiropractic help, this is the place to go.
5	I learned about Palmer Chiropractic at the Scottsdale Adventure Run.  My neck was in bad shape so I made an appointment.  Everything about Palmer Chiropractic is first class.  Dr Meyers and Dr Freeze are both excellent and very thorough in their care.  The massages are fantastic and Anne,  always greets you with a smile.  I'm very happy with my choice and I feel infinitely better in only a month!
5	Dr. Myers is great.  My neck felt like I was 90 years old.After seeing Dr. Myers my neck feels great. I have recommended Dr. Myers to my Family and Friends.
5	I am a student at Arizona State University and was in need of a chiropractor to follow around and receive internship credit hours. It did not take me long to realize I wanted to be an intern at the Palmer Center for Natural Healing. My interview with Dr. Alicia Myers helped me solidify that I was in the right career field, as she has so much knowledge and advice to give to a prospective student like myself. Not only have I experienced more hands-on learning in the past few weeks than I ever have in a lab or a classroom, but I feel as if each day I come into work it is full of fun energy and excitement with pertinent and valuable information with each patient I observe Dr. Myers work with. She has a gift with her hands, I definately agree, but I believe she bonds with each and every patient that walks through these doors and changes their lives forever. That is not something that is taught in school. If you are reading these reviews and are still not convinced, then you clearly need to come in for a tour and personally see the office for yourself. Amazing office, state of the art equipment, and, not to mention, a beautiful staff! Thank you Dr. Myers for all of your advice!
