5	My two dogs did it all- pulling on the leash, growling at other dogs, jumping on people... Its been only two weeks of training and they are doing so well! They definitely had some aggression issues but they are really turning into well trained pups. I would recommend this place to everyone.  One on one service, with great hands in training  tips. My doggies are so exhausted when they come from day care.  My little one, who is afraid of prople other her mom and dad, loves it and is so excited to go in the mornings.  Love this place!  Check it out!
2	I come to the Charlotte area for business on a semi-regular basis and sometimes it's easier to bring my dog along with me. I have an upcoming trip planned for 2 nights and I found a Groupon for K9 Hangout of Charlotte for 2 nights for $39. Since the company only had two reviews on Yelp, one based only on a phone call and the other for training and not boarding, I wanted to do a bit more research online and through my pretty extensive dog network. I did not dig up anything negative, although I have yet to come across anyone who has heard of or used their services before. Still, I was going to take a leap of faith. I called them yesterday to ask a few questions and to let them know the details of my trip, my desire to use the Groupon, and to make sure they could also provide bathing services. I found them to be very helpful on the phone. I then proceeded to make a reservation online. I never received any notification so I called back today before purchasing the Groupon to confirm and was informed that since my dog would be staying from midday Monday through the late afternoon Wednesday, I would be charged for another day of boarding. I asked how much that would cost and was told $40. I found it odd that they charge a full day boarding rate for a few hours instead of offering a half day rate or even day rate as is common with other facilities. I suspect that as an out of town customer, they did not want to accept a Groupon from me.
5	I did one on one training with john for a few months and my dog learned all of the commands,  I also love taking him to daycare because they reinforce the training their.  I have a problem dog sometimes and they have never wanted to send him home but always work with him so he keeps being able to go to daycare.   I have a long haired dog who gets tangled and dirty when he is outside playing  and they brush him every day before I pick him up, something other places don't offer and I love.  We board sometimes and this is the one facility I trust with my pup, and the dog is always well taken care of and usually very tired when I pick him up.   I have always been able to text the business on the cell phone number and I get a prompt reply.
