4	I will return here. Like all middle eastern shops I've visited, they have a little bit of everything; although as a whitebread american I'm mostly seeking out "limited authentic product" like olives, olive oils, harissa, wheat products, etc. Not so much for the ethnic foods that most patrons would come here for, only because they are "foreign" to me. But hey, I'm open to new stuff, that's why I came here for authentic products. I didn't get a chance to order from the butcher; but it seems like half of this place's business comes off the butcher counter; and it looks first rate. The dry-cured black olives are really really good, with zero bitterness/chemical alkalinity that they often have...
5	Give me spicey Chiclets!!!  You know the Gum!  The "Mastic" is one of the flavors I enjoyed this time!English or Broken Turkish works just fine here!  This is a medium sized International market mostly Middle Eastern: Spices!  We got some some Chocolates and other candy, the Chiclets are at the check out!  I'm so thankful to have a Girlfriend who is part Turkish so I can learn!Halal Meats!  "Open" Butcher Shop so customers can see how clean they keep everything!  This Butcher Shop is not a Slaughter House so don't be scared to look back there, it is very OPEN!!!Cash for purchases under $10.00... If you are spending more plastic is fine!
5	I used to shop in the excellent El Baraka Market in Greensboro, and after moving here I searched for a good replacement.Halal International Market is perfect for my needs.  I buy feta cheese (Bulgarian only), nan, pita, bulk Kalamata olives, spices, strained yogurt, regular yogurt, dense sugar cubes, and much more on a fortnightly basis, and Halal International has a big selection of each item.  Amazing.  Six different feta brands to choose from.  More types of bread than I've seen in any Middle Eastern place in the south.  Prices were as good or better than my old store, and the service was very friendly and helpful.  I don't care about meat being halal and don't buy lots of red meat very often, but about 2-3 times a year I buy ground lamb or lean kebob lamb to grill, and they have it fresh.  They also have a selection of Middle Eastern clothing and Korans, if you're shopping for those.  But the grocery is 90% of it.I highly recommend this place for Iranian, Arabic, Indian and North African foods of all sorts.
