3	After many months of waiting for a restaurant to take the space at the bottom of the Glass Lofts(and then many more for it to actually be constructed!), Verde has finally had a soft opening to the public. Why soft? The way I understand it, not of all their alcohol is in yet. Regardless, I will review it as such, and take the service into account as little as possible - the star rating does not reflect the service, and I will put service related comments in a section at the end.We arrived for our 7:00 reservations and were seated immediately, the restaurant was just under half full and the bar was just over three quarters full. We were seated at a small two-person table(I hate those damn things) , and given brand-spanking-new menus. The right-hand side of the menu is the beverages: 4 or 5 margaritas from $6-8, a handful of craft cocktails for $10, tequilas running the gamut from $4 to $54 for a shot, beers for $5, and standard mexican N/A drinks. I loved this part of the menu because while I don't care much for margaritas, and I'm not much for tequila, they do offer several different tasting flights that are fairly affordable. These range in price from about 7 to 11 and offer trios by style or by brand. The tequilas are also served with a shot of Sangrita - a delicious concoction that goes perfectly with tequila and tastes kind of like a bloody mary but without crappy tabasco flavor.The left hand of the menu offers about 8 appetizers($4-$10), most involving chips, soups and salads(~$8), entrees($14-$20), and tacos($4-$6/ea). While the appetizers and salads had several veggie options, there were only two entrees(and no tacos) that fell into the category. Regardless, the vegetarian items were marked, so that gets points.My girlfriend ordered a 'Spicy Honey BBQ' margarita, while I opted for the 'Tequila 101' flight(one blanco, one reposado, and one anejo). We also got the fried plantains with chipotle aioli as a starter, and I got the chicken mole while she got the mushroom enchiladas. Her margarita, while it had a tasty aftertaste, had a bit too much lime for me - but I she enjoyed it. My tequila was fairly self-explanatory, but I love the concept of the flight. It really lets you enjoy their differences-the smells, the tastes, the burns, etc- all at once, and allows you a better appreciation for their differences.Chips and salsa came first, and they were awesome. Not a lot of cilantro in the salsa(I hate cilantro) and the chips tasted fresh. When the plantains arrived, their presentation was wonderful, placed on a banana leaf, but unfortunately I found that they were too thick to really enjoy. The flavor of the sauce and the cotija was excellent, but it was quickly lost while the thick, starchy plantain persisted.Our mains arrived, mine over fries made of Yucca and hers with red rice and black beans on the side. I found her rice and beans to be wonderful - especially the strong tomato and pepper flavor in the rice, but again my Yucca was too thick and starchy to eat even the modest serving that accompanied my dish. My girlfriend said that her enchiladas were excellent as far as flavor goes, but they were fairly small and for only two of them, she felt the value wasn't quite there for a vegetarian dish. My chicken on the other hand was a fairly sizable porton and extremely well cooked - my only complaint being that I'd love more mole with it. Also, being still on the bone made it a bit difficult to eat in this kind of restaurant.The desserts sounded good, but we opted out. Our waitress urged us to try the sorbet when we returned. Verde is a good option, and nice to see some mexican food in the area that isn't simply burritos. As we exited, the table next to us was served a chili relleno that, if it tasted as good as it looked, could have earned another star easily. Sadly, though for the price and the quality, I feel that it would be hard for us to make the decision to walk past salt to eat here. As a bar lounge, I think Verde excels, but as a restaurant, I think it falls a bit short. I will gladly return in a few months to give them another chance, thoughAlso I'd be doing them a disservice if I failed to mention the free wifi and extra outlets in the restaurant. Chips, salsa, a drink, and a laptop could turn this place into an excellent spot to work through lunch.-----Service: The service was poor, even for an opening night. In the two hours(!) it took us to get our food, our waitress only spoke to us about 3 times(At no point did they mention the wait, ask us to bear with them, etc). Worse though, in start contrast to the image they portray through their social media presence, the service was stiff and as formal as they could try and be - it came off as inauthentic in my opinion. Again, I won't dwell on the service issues because it was opening night - I'm sure they'll be ironed out quickly.
5	Great cocktails & tableside gaucanxious to see how they progress in the coming months as they settle in to their new digstry the hominy posole!
5	Verde lives up to the buzz!  I've been there twice now in the past two weeks - once for a private pre-opening event and again last night for a work-dinner function.  While both visits were  during Verde's 'soft launch,' I thought it was excellent!  The food was very tasty, the staff was very nice, and the ambiance was alive! The chicken tacos had great flavor and I heard similar comments from my colleagues who tried the sweet potato tacos.  I would HIGHLY recommend Chef LBEE's signature corn shrimp fritters for the appetizer and the tres leche bread pudding for dessert - simply mouth watering!Jeff Catalina, the owner, also gave us a personal 'tour' of their tequila selection - very impressive, to say the least!  Having been to Tequila, Mexico and toured the Jose Cuervo factory, my eyes were immediately drawn to the top shelf and the unopened bottle La Reserva de Familia (The Family Reserve).  This is an outstanding sipping tequila with strong body and a smokey finish.  I would recommend as a great after-dinner drink.  I have been looking for a place that stocks this tequila - glad that Verde has included it in their regular stock - I'll be returning just for this, for sure!Here's a little fun fact for you ... when you are sitting down near the bar, have a look up at the ceiling.  What appears to be a hodgepodge of dangling and angled finished wooden boards, are actually a collage of the leaves making up an agave plant.  It stretches from the corner of the restaurant and fans out into the dining room area!  Nice touch!Overall, I would highly recommend Verde to anyone looking for a new spin on Mexican in the burgh.  Best of luck to Jeff, LBEE, and all the Verde staff as they begin their journey to Pittsburgh restaurant fame!
4	My wife and I tried out Verde during its soft opening after eagerly following the progress for months. We were not disappointed. We each tried a salad (verde and Caesar) and an entree (carne asada and pescado veracruz). We also ordered a flight of tequila, which came with a delicious sangrita palate cleanser. PROS: - Fantastic and well-priced selections from the bar. As a bar, Verde is incredible and is well-worth a visit.- Nice, modern decor and layout. Plenty of room for each table. - Overall, with some reservations, the flavors of the food are bold and well-balanced. - Service was attentive and timing was great. We didn't wait too long for any of our courses, but also didn't feel rushed. They seemed very eager to discuss any questions, particularly relating to tequila. - Portion sizes were good. The salads were quite sizable, and the entrees were appropriate.CONS:- Some small execution issues: my wife's fish was slightly overcooked (and thus dry) and some of our tortilla chips were chewy (although most were wonderfully crisp)- There wasn't much spicy heat to any of our dishes. While everything was well-seasoned, I was hoping for some more zing.Overall, I wish I could give 4.5 stars, since I hate docking a whole one, but it's not quite to the 5 star level just yet. However, Verde is still so young, I can see the seed of a really great restaurant, and it's seems like it will only get better. Pittsburgh is sorely lacking in this style of food, so it's a welcome addition to the local scene. We'll be going back, for sure.
4	Got a chance to check this place out on Saturday and it was actually the first time I had even heard of it.  They were still in their "soft opening" phase so based on my personal experience they have a few kinks to work out.  This place could have easily received 1 star were it not for their save at the end of the night.  So here's an account of the experience.Our group had 5 people and the tables were completely reserved for the night so we were lucky to find place at the bar.  No worries - we can adapt.  We put in our drink orders, I had the white sangria - it was ok, I've had better, and I think the waitress was having trouble with what was supposed to go into it b/c she kept reading the ingredients from the menu which was worrying me a bit.  But whatevs, it's alcohol and it wasn't undrinkable.  Then we put in our appetizer order and entree orders all at once.  The appetizers came out in a timely fashion.  As an appetizer we got chips and all their types of salsa and I got to try the guac.  The chips were hit or miss, there were some chips that were soggy b/c they weren't cooked through and some that were cooked to perfection.  I was trying to get a system in place to figure out which chips were crispy before diving in - no luck - it seemed to be random.  Well I will say the white chips had a higher probability of being soggy than the yellow chips.The salsa in the order that I enjoyed them was salsa fresca, spicy chipotle, and then the green tomatillo salsa.  I was really disappointed int he guacamole - it was missing a kick.  We discussed and came to the conclusion that it needed more lime and cilantro - I'd be all for adding in more spice!We ordered the elotes (char-grilled corn) - it's about 1/2 a piece of corn on the cob served on a skewer with some sauce and other good stuff on it.  Talk about delish!  It was a high point in the evening.So now for the swift decline...there was about 1 1/2 - 2 hours between when we got our appetizer to when we got the entrees we ordered.  I'm not exactly sure what was happening b/c we mentioned it a few times and it seemed like they were confused as well.  Lucky for us none of us were ravenously hungry, but talk about ridiculous.  On top of that our waitress at the bar seemed disinterested in us.  She was all talk and smiles with the couple next to us, but when our group asked questions or wanted to know information about the specials during the week - she just seemed indifferent or wouldn't really provide us with relevant information.  It was weird.  I ordered the Chiles Rellenos as an entree and although it took forever to come out, the taste was fantastic.  Due to the lackluster service and the epic wait between apps and entrees, I was ready to write this place off and throw a token 1-star rating its way.  But when it was time to get our check and head out we were told that they'd take care of it and that they apologize for the wait and that it's been comped.  This is where I felt like they came through.  A restaurant isn't only about great food, it's about great service as well.  And it was fair to at least take care of our entrees b/c of the wait but the fact that they took care of the apps and drinks was definitely a plus and helped redeem Verde at the end of the night.I hope that when they legitimately open they take care of all these issues b/c fool me once shame on me, fool me twice, I'm not coming back.
4	I really really believe this place can be great!  It has all the right things in place.  Gorgeous restaurant, delicious looking menu and almost 150 different tequila's on tap (hooooollllaaaa!!!).  This is their "soft opening" week, which was marked on their menu (smart, right?!) so I felt like I could give them some grace.  I've worked in restaurants before, I've actually opened one as server once, so I know there's ebbs and flows to the start of a business.  Let's start with the drinks!  I thought my drink was awesome!  Really well made actually (with great tequila's to boot!).  I ftried the Baja Eden, which is a passion fruit and pomegranate margarita.  It was served in a wine glass and when it was presented to me (beautifully, with a tiny edible flower inside) I almost gasped.  It was not very full.  Like, not at all.  BUT, when I looked over at my friends full glass of marg and ice, I realized it probably equaled out to be the same.  But once I tasted it, I forgot how small it was, because it was INCREDIBLE!  I would absolutely suggest this! Food wise, I thought everything was very tasty.  I love the fresh chips and....let me say a little somethin' somethin' about the salsa.  I'm a HUGE salsa fan.  I love chunky tomato salsa.  I hate runny salsa.  I had fruity salsa.  I haven't had many different salsa's I enjoyed actually.  The roasted green tomatillo salsa they serve was awesome!  I could have drank it, it was that good!  We also ordered the gauc, hearing a rumor it was made right at your table.  It is not made at the table, but I do suspect it's fresh.  I wanted a little more kick to my gauc, but it wasn't bad at all.For the entree, my friend and I split the Enchiladas De Verduras.  You could absolutely taste the smoked veggies of swiss chard, tomato, mushrooms and caramelized onions.  It also had cheesy queso sauce and salsa roja.  The ONLY thing that was wrong with my meal was the soft taco was pretty soft....soggy actually.  It didn't deter me from eating it, because it was delish....but maybe a little less sauce?  The service was lacking.  Again, I understand it's a soft opening, so I won't go into details.  But i can only assume (HOPE!) they'll get that together asap! For how much detail went into everything here, I'm assuming they want to be around for a while!I'm very excited to come back on Wednesdays, where every Tequila under $18 is $3 for a tasting.  Not bad to try a bunch of different kinds!  They also offer different Tequila flights that I'm excited to try out.  I have pretty much decided I will become a tila expert by mid winter!  I'll be back for you tila!!
3	Okay, let me start out by saying the food and drinks are definitely 5-star worthy. The service is not. As everyone is saying, I hope and expect it to improve quickly (I was there the opening night) or I will be very disappointed.Pros:SANGRITA! I could drink this stuff all day, it's amazing. Really.Chips and salsa - dig the tomatillaTequila flights - good selections and inexpensiveMargaritas - some really creative ones there, I got honey BBQFlavors - I ordered the enchiladas de verduras, and it was probably one of the best enchiladas of my life, no lie!Cons:An HOUR AND A HALF wait between the appetizer and entreeThe entree was way too small for $15, regardless of the taste. And it was served lukewarm instead of hot, after an hour and a half wait.Beer list - I get that it's a tequila bar, so I find this acceptable. Still a bad list though.The staff...Probably the most disappointing aspect was the complete lack of interest in the wait staff and bartenders. Not once did anyone mention that it was the opening night, to please excuse the wait, to ask what we thought (really??), or even "how is everything?" but instead was only asked "would you like another drink?" I was expecting some more spunk and personality from the staff but was sadly received with some kind of fake peppiness and a total disregard for us for a full hour while we waited for the food. No apologies, no excuses, no explanations, just asks for refills on our margaritas. I wish someone would have asked what we thought, because it would make me more confident that some of these problems would be ironed out.Regardless, I WILL be returning here, and if the service stays slow and the food doesn't totally meet it's mark, I'll still be back for drinks and chips here, for sure. The food isn't cheap so I can't see the prices justified as long as the wait is slow and the staff is inattentive. We'll see, because I really want to like this place.
4	We were very excited to try Verde.  But after reading the reviews, we were also a bit afraid.  I don't want to spend an hour anywhere waiting for my meal.  We decided it was best to go with a 5 o'clock reservation.  We were seated right away by a window in front.  After about 5 seconds I was freezing, so we asked to be moved to the back wall banquet.BJ got a Great Lakes Xmas ale and I got a Baja Eden margarita at the recommendation of our super perky server Squidgette.  "It's sweet and delicious and the presentation is beautiful.  It's served in a wine glass with a beautiful flower".  It was a concoction of passion fruit and pomegranate.  While yummy,  I was expecting more volume than a 1/2 inch in the bottom of my glass.  Keep your orchid blossom, I want alcohol. First up was the green tomatillo salsa and chips.  Some of the chips were a little greasy, but we managed to clean them right up.  We also got a side of guacamole which was decent, just a little bland.  We also shared the elotes appetizer, which was very good.  But my bf laughed about paying $5 for a cob of corn.  Moving on to our meals....BJ got the tacos de pescado.  The fish of the day was mahi mahi.  He thought the tacos were nice and so were the accompanying red rice and black beans.  I inquired about the pozole verde and was advised that the serving size was 20 ounces, (yes, I am checking on portion sizes from now on after the smidgen of margarita I received).  My stew was packed full of delicious pork, but I thought the hominy was a bit over cooked.  I also could not finish the entire serving.  Wish I could say that about my margarita!We always like dessert.  I mean I always like dessert and BJ is kind enough to share.  We opted for the tres leches bread pudding.  I thought it was yummy, but BJ could only taste 2 leches.  Ha ha.   I thought it could have benefited from some fresh fruit, maybe a sliced strawberry or a couple blueberries on the side.  Tres leches is always served with fresh fruit.  Raisins don't cut it.All in all, it was a nice meal.  And we were very happy to be in and out of there in less than an hour and a half.
2	All flash and no bang.Don't let the trendy decor, soft music, low lighting, and fanciful presentation fool you, Verde's food and service just doesn't deliver.The chips and salsa were pretty tasty, so when the chicken tacos and chiles rellenos came out with stellar presentation, I had high hopes.  Unfortunately, my hopes were dashed to pieces on the first bite.  Both dishes were bland and uninspired.  All I could taste in the chiles rellenos were the rice and pepper--everything else was lost.  The chicken tacos seemed like they should have been amazing, but when you close your eyes and take a bite, you may be met with disappointment.We also tried the queso fundido.  It tasted pretty good, but we were served a skillet of the queso, a stack of hot tortillas, and nothing else.  All fine, except we didn't have any plates to put them on.  Therefore, we were left trying to figure out where to put these things down while we ate.  Awkward.As other reviewers also mentioned, the service here was really lacking.  Here are just a few things that didn't go quite right: Our (original?) waitress seemed completely disinterested, we never heard the specials (even though I overheard another table getting the run-down), no one ever asked how our food was, no one ever asked if we wanted another drink, we had to ask to get our water refilled after they were empty for about 30 minutes, and our waitress disappeared after the first 20 minutes.  Finally, a male waiter was the one who finished serving our table, but no explanation was given that a change had taken place or what was going on.As another random aside, in the bathroom, there was a tissue box with no tissues (obviously they knew they were out, but didn't refill).  The paper towel dispenser was "touch" only and didn't seem to work (no way to manually dispense paper towels).All things considered, I was really disappointed.  Unless they get their act together, I don't know how Verde is going to survive with expensive food that tastes bland and is served poorly.
2	We had a reservation for 8pm. It was a Saturday night so we knew a reservation was a must and made it days in advance. Some of our party arrived at 7:45pm and the rest at 7:50 and 8:00pm. We did not get seated until after 10pm!!!! I'm sorry but that's a bit ridiculous. Someone there either doesn't know how to count tables or take reservations. What's the point of having a reservation if you don't get seated until 2 hours later? The drinks were pretty good but expensive. I had a Mojito and Caipirinha. Both were about $10-$11 per drink but I think they were tasty, so whatever. So we FINALLY get our table and it's almost another hour when we finally get our food. I believe in enjoying dinner and making the most of it but arriving at 7:45pm and not leaving until after 11pm is a bit much!!! The food was not worth the price. I had chicken enchiladas that were $18. They were 2 of the smallest and blandest enchiladas that I've ever had. The very small side of beans and rice were also bland. I was not happy about the food at all especially with the long wait and high price. I don't think I'll be back to visit. It may be new and it may be hip and trendy but it's not worth it to me. I think Mad Mex is way better than Verde. Let me also mention that the chips and salsa are not free!! The chips and salsa verde are around $5.00 (no free refill on chips). The guacamole that was also bland is $10.00 with no free refill on chips. Save your time and your money. Eat somewhere else!!!
3	A new place that still needs to work through service issues. Wonderful pitcher of margaritas and tasty seviche and corn fritters. The must-have appetizer is the corn on the cob - yummmmmmm! Chicken was dry. Fish was so-so. Enchiladas were good. Our table of four shared the tequilla tasting -- enlightening! Ask for an interior table or sit at the bar -- the ancillary floor heat was not working so sitting by the windows was freezing. We all kept on our coats. Not a bad experience -- will definitely return to find cause for four stars!
4	Verde is an upscale Mexican/South American restaurant with a slightly edgy vibe in the Glass Lofts along the Penn Ave corridor between Garfield and Friendship/Bloomfield. The food, drinks, and service were very good, even though we visited during the soft opening. We went on a weeknight (the Tuesday before Thanksgiving), so it wasn't crowded and we didn't have any seating/service issues. Food-wise, everyone at our table was surprised by the novel options available on the menu. The food is not the traditional heavy rice and beans Mexican fare found in the Northeast. It is substantially more sophisticated in its preparation and is much lighter on the stomach. The chicken mole, for example, is not drowning in sauce or swimming in rice. It's still hearty though. Everything we ordered was good or very good. The guacamole, made freshly at the table, even impressed all the Californians in our party. The cocktails were tasty  and creative; definitely try the Tequila Old Fashioned if you enjoy the traditional version. The atmosphere in the dining area is more cheerful and social than romantic. If you like eating at a bar or having drinks and watching the game, it seems fun as well; there are a few HDTV's and an entire wall of Tequilas. Some cocktail tables separate the dining area from the bar, and there is a patio with a few chairs and tables. My impression is that it's less focused on having a legitimate bar than on having a place for people to have drinks while they wait for a table, but this might change in the summer when the garage doors can be left open. Ali the bartender is very, very good. If you want try something new, just give her a general idea of what you are looking for.I would come here with friends or a spouse to begin/or during a night out. It's a nice complement to the other options along the rapidly developing Penn corridor from East Liberty/Friendship/Bloomfield/Garfield/to Lawrenceville.
5	Such such such good drinks, that's what you need to know.So it went like this, we're there, huge group, 12 of us.  Half of the table gets there early and orders a pitcher of Sangria, the other half, a bit tardy (well, a bit not 30 minutes early) order the Margarita.  The Marg people are thinking: "What are those Sangria people doing, the Margs are SO GOOD." Me, being one of the Marg people, need to get to the bottom of this.  Turns out, the Sangria people are thinking "What are those Marg people doing, the Sangria is SO GOOD."  And guess what, they're both right.When you go, bring patience, they're still sorting out the service bit, plan to get a tequila, the carne asada and a sol beer.  To decide between the sangria or the marg, well... you're on your own.
2	Checked this place out the other night and left pretty disappointed. We had no problems getting seated (I will say that we got there right at 5 with no reservations - the place seemed pretty full once we left though). I liked the set-up of Verde - low lighting, trendy bar, spacious yet intimate feel. I'd give five stars for the atmosphere. The chips and salsa were delicious, but unfortunately you only get one basket on the house. I tried a house margarita on the rocks and a sangria and left completely sober. I could have easily been the DD that night (and I don't have a high tolerance for alcohol!). The entrees looked delicious, and although you could definitely taste their freshness, the dishes were actually pretty bland.  The food and drinks left something to be desired!My biggest qualm was in the service. I actually had to get up and go to the bar to order my second drink because our server never came by once our entrees arrived. We had to ask a different person to get a refill on water and we were never asked how our food was until they were clearing our table. We had a different server towards the end of our meal with no explanation of what was going on. I've waited tables before and a quick "How's everything going?" and a simple explanation on the server change was all that was needed to make the experience more pleasant. Unfortunately, $4 refills on chips and salsa, weak drinks, bland food, and poor service are not gong to get me back here anytime soon.
3	Went to Verde last Friday.  Sat at the bar.  Drinks were great.  Tacos were outstanding.  Almost everything else was bad.They had taken reservations on almost all of their tables (Friday, ~8PM).  Trouble was that walk-ins didn't have any place to go, so they doubled up at the bar a bit.  The bar stayed completely full, while tables were 3/4s full; the bar got *pounded*, and if a bartender tried to take a (deserved!) break, service got much worse.I asked for "no cheese", as it doesn't agree with me.  That narrowed me down to two choices; the rest of the menu had cheese, and it might be pre-prepared, since they couldn't do it without cheese.  The girl next to us at the bar wanted a corn tortilla, and they were out.  These seem like weird issues to me.  I know some things are prepared ahead of time, but "no cheese" is usually easy, and running out of a shelf-stable staple is odd.The tacos (chorizo?) were possibly the tastiest thing I've ever had in a mexican restaurant.  They also were one of the two no-cheese options I had.Other than tacos, the food was bad.  Guacamole, salsa, flautas, all had absolutely no salt, and very, very little spicing.  They tasted completely dead until we asked for a salt shaker and fixed it a bit.  The soup was an exception; so salty it was nearly inedible.  My best guess was that the kitchen isn't tasting any of the food, or the manager isn't trying any of the dishes, or something.  This was really surprisingly bad, as this isn't hard.The mixed drinks/specialty drinks were phenomenal.  Kept ordering different things, and they were *all* good.  Best drinks I've had in months.Worth visiting for the bar.  Hopefully the kitchen and service issues will get worked out.
4	I went here this week with a friend.  We sat at the bar.  Started with the a tequila flight which was very cool.  Our bartender knew a lot about tequila (I know nothing) and helped me understand what I was drinking.  He gave me an iPad menu of tequila to show me more.  We had two apps:  guac and corn, both were very good.  Would have like to have had 4 ears of corn instead of three; three is difficult to split between two people.  Chile rellenos for dinner were great.  Washed them down with a great craft beer:  Great Lakes Christmas Ale.  Delish.  The bartender even added the cinnamon and sugar to the glass - super nice touch.  Met other cool folks at the bar.  All in all, this is a great spot and I'll go back.  Good service, good food, good company.
3	I was looking forward to trying this new restaurant not far from where I live, but left thinking this was the first and last visit. We went on a Sunday night, so it was not busy. Our food was all delivered at the wrong time: drinks took too long a time to come, as did appetizers, but then main course came right away. So we had main course and appetizer together. A mistake was made with one of my friends's order, so he had to wait at least ten minutes for his dish to be prepared all over again. Server didn't notice until we told her. Ditto for drinks: another of my friends got the wrong drink. What I liked: tequila selection, salsa, rice and beans with tacos. Rest of food was fine, but nothing special. Food was also over-salted. In short, some good aspects, but someone really needs to think about coordinating the overall dining experience. For 75 bucks for two people, I really expect better tasting food and better service.
1	If you know good Mexican food, this is not the place for you.  I ordered the enchiladas de pollo and what I was served didn't even vaguely resemble enchiladas.  If they at least were good, I wouldn't be so angry at the expensive price tag.  But flour tortillas (not corn) uncooked and doughy, filled with chicken doused in what must have been fake 'smoke' or maybe that was in the gluey sauce poured over it all.  Couldn't even eat it.  And couldn't drown my sorrows in my $8 mojito because it had no rum in it. Oh, and the beans and rice were drowned in cumin.  Fast food at very unfast food price.
1	Blech.  So bland, no Mexican influence other than the names of dishes.  Tortillas ordered as a side dish to the mains were brought out with apps (guac and out of season, dry, bland corn- their awful take on Mexican street corn)  and the server was flabbergasted when we requested that the be brought with mains instead... so that we could actually use them for eating our food rather than eat them plain.  He declined, saying they were already on the grill and he'd bring more if we ran out, which of course we didn't because who eats cold, stale, dry tortillas with nothing in them?  Carne asada tasted of meaty tequilla- no salt, no spice.  Just terrible.  Nothing could make us return here.
3	We are Mexican Food LOVERS and were really looking forward to trying this place.  The tequilas are impressive and drinks were great.  Food however was very bland.  Salsas were timid, and the chipotle tasted more like liqid smoke than roasted peppers.  My husband's mole was liek a roast chicken dinner with a mild peanut sauce.  The food was not offensive, but did not capture the complexity and depth of really good Mexican cooking.  So disappointing! Service was fine.
3	Great margaritas!  The flautas and tacos were tasty too.  The wine list is ok, but way overpriced for cheap wine.  I feel like the restaurant is trying too hard to be trendy/upscale at the same time, but the food really needs to be more creative for what they are charging.   The dinners were more like tapas so if you want a meal, prepare to order multiple things on the menu.  It has a lot of potential and I would definitely go back for drinks.
4	My yelping has been sparse since I started grad school, but I need to get back on the wagon and write a review of Verde--because it was that awesome.I will start by saying that I didn't give 5 stars because I wasn't a huge fan of the entree my husband and I shared--enchiladas de verduras--because it wasn't very hot (temperature, not spicy hot) and wasn't anything special.However, everything else was amazing.  Drinks, table side guacamole, the best tortilla chips I have EVER eaten...we will definitely be back, but probably just for happy hour.Since we went on "Agave Wednesday," half pours of all tequila shots (that are normally priced less than $18 per shot) were just $3.  They have an interactive iPad tequila menu that describes each liquor in detail, so even tequila virgins like us had fun choosing.  $5 margs were probably the best I've had in the 'burgh, no offense to that other margarita palace that I so enjoy. :)I would definitely recommend it if you're in the neighborhood...but don't make a special trip if you're really hungry.  Come ready to get your drink on!
2	For a city that has limited Mexican cuisine this place is worth trying but it's far from the best I've ever had. The entrees are inventive but fall short when it comes to construction. The drinks are decent but overpriced. Staff is mediocre. Happy hour is a good time to visit as the standard margarita's are the best.  I like tacos and Yo Rita and every truck in southern Cali trumps this place. That being said I am vegetarian and my meat eating friends said the fish here was great.
4	The only reason I didn't give Verde 5 Stars was purely due to the longer than expected wait. The food was killer good!The special lady friend and I arrived around 6:30pm on a Friday so a crowd is to be expected and I didn't have reservations. In my opinion if you aren't really in the mood to be hanging out all night I recommend making a reservation. When I arrived I was told a wait time of about 20- 30 minutes. We were able to stand at a small table in the bar area the special lady had a margarita that she really enjoyed and I sampled some as well and I must say they were indeed delicious and strong. Oww! When I began to get a little irritated when I observed multiple tables still open and I had been waiting over 1 hour. At about 1:20 we finally were seated. The staff had acknowledge that our wait was excessive and had apologized but apparently they weren't that sorry because they didn't really acknowledge it after that. Once we were seated I made some observations that a few other tables had to walk up to their servers in order to get their checks closed out or to get some more drinks ordered. Also a few tables that were seated when I arrived were seated when I left I hope they had a good time. This place should instate a policy like Piccolo Forno where there is a strict time limit about how long your dinner is allowed to last. It makes for a pleasant experience in my opinion that way the host can give you a very accurate time about how long the wait is or you just make a reservation and a seated in an ample amount of time.Food wise we ordered the flautas. They were not your typical flauta but better they were crispy and very tasty. The smoked Chicken filling really make these a flavorful appetizer. The Tomatillo salsa was also very flavorful, not spicy but just a great somewhat tangy flavor with a perfect consistency, not too thick and not watery. We also tried the Fish Tacos and Chile Rellenos. The fish Tacos were perfectly cooked. The Chile Rellenos were right up my alley. I really enjoyed them because they were not heavy and cheesey. They weren't deep fried either, I assume that they were grilled or roasted and then the chipotle sauce really added a nice smokey kick to them. They were pretty spicy for this guy but I would try themagain.There just seemed to be too many folks hanging out at tables drinking that I think should be for people waiting for dinner. I would almost consider this place a good bar with great food. The prices are right on for the food maybe a little high on drinks once happy hour ends. Next time I come back I'm definitely making a reservation. Go check it out for yourself.
4	The partner and I went last night, and we had a great time! Monday nights seem to be a good time for visiting new(ish) restaurants, we had great service from the hostess, server(s) and manager.On to the food! The chips were outstanding! I'm guessing double fried, I don't have high standards but I couldn't stop munching on these. As others have mentioned, the roasted tomatillo salsa was outstanding, something I would expect to pay extra for at most restaurants.The menu consisted of 5-6 appetizers $8-12, 2-4 soups and salads $8-11 and about 8 main entrees from $11-30. There were ample vegetarian options and last night there seemed to be a lot of fish on the menu. Also, I'm by no means an expert on the subject, but the menu struck me as not tex-mex but more something Rick Bayless would put together.I had the chile rellenos de (something or other). WOW! These poblanos were SPICY, but manageable, over some awesome white & black rice with loads of perfectly wood grilled veggies (including grilled fennel bulb, yum!) surrounding the plate. The sauce was super smoky and savory. Also glad that these were not fried.My partner had the enchiladas de verduras, as others have mentioned, and we were a big fan. Maybe they have changed it up a bit, but they were just oozing with smokey chard cheesey goodness with another roasted sauce that I would aspire to at home.There's a wall full of tequila, you can imagine what that is used for, 8 or 10 draft selections, and a somewhat paltry wine list. I went with the Big Hop.Overall, it seems like everything is either smoked, grilled or roasted... and I'm super down with that. We were very pleased, but just felt like the menu was about 25% pricier than we had hoped. Ambiance is great, should be loads of fun on the huge patio in the summer.
4	I went the first week that they opened. They were busy and we were able to get a seat without a reservation. The bartender and server were both extremely friendly and helpful with the menu choices. They have over 150 tequilas to choose from! I had the sangria and let me tell you, it is not from a pre made mix they have sitting around. The bartender made a glass for me right in front of my very eyes! I had the carne asada and it was delicious, however very small for $20. I would suggest increasing the amount of food or lowering the cost for the current portion size.  I would definitely go back in hopes that they lower the prices a bit for the portion sizes they currently have.
5	Wow - with a group tonight and everything we tasted and ate was phenomenal.  I had tempered my expectations prior to going but they were blown out of the water.  The chips and salsa were fresh and plentiful - the tomatillo salsa was delicious.  Perhaps it's a health precaution but the temperature of the salsas would benefit from being a tad less chilled but they were still tremendous.  We all had the carne asada and everyone loved it -- my medium rare was cooked kust right.  They obviously have a nice hot grill because I still had a very nice sear on the outside.  I also recommend their Micheladas - wow!  I loved mine.  I will definitely be back.
3	Have you ever had great tequila?  For many people (and myself included) that answer is no.  When I think of tequila, it's of random shots in random bars with lime and salt all over my hand.  However, tequila can be so much more than that.  Like any spirit that exists (or pretty much any vice that exists), tequila can run to the very high end with extraordinary complexity.  Verde is a new upscale Mexican place just a few doors up from the very popular Salt of the Earth.  However, it's a Mexican restaurant somewhat in disguise.  What it really is is a temple to tequila.  When it comes to the blue agave spirit from the highlands of Jalisco, these guys mean business.Verde has far and away the biggest selection of tequila in the Burgh, as well as other Mexican spirits.  They're extremely knowledgeable about such spirits.  They literally offer about 30 different tequila flights that include both the blanco (pure and not aged) the reposado (aged) and anejo (really aged) versions of a variety of tequilas.  They also have tequila infusions and mescal.  Each is about a quarter-shot served on a small wooden paddle with a 4th well of sangrita (a non-alcoholic spicy tomato palate-cleanser beverage).  They also hand you an iPad with pretty much everything you ever wanted to know about tequila.  The whole "tablet computer to show off our liquor selection" is not original (ex. Aureole in Vegas), but it is a very novel thing for the Burgh.  The gentleman who served the flights (tequila sommelier?) was extremely knowledgeable about tequila and clearly passionate about this particular spirit.  It was really fun hearing everything he had to teach us.  I've never met anyone in my life who knew more about tequila and his passion clearly showed in the presentation.Overall, I was really excited to see such a unique and niche place open in Pittsburgh.  When it comes to Mexican, this place is a million times more serious than Mad Mex.  Although it has tremendous potential, the food left a bit to be desired.  My chicken with house-made mole sauce was dry.  Dry chicken is an inexcusable mistake in the finer dining world that Verde is hoping to inhabit.  There was also an overuse of the Yucca fries as it appeared both in our ceviche and my entree.  Neither preparation had any flavor.Verde is on the right track by trying to elevate our sense of tequila and Mexican spirits.  However, that ambition is the only reason that I'm giving them 3 stars versus 2.  The food just isn't there yet.  Competition has gotten stiff in the Burgh and you can't just roll out whatever anymore and expect people to flock to it.  Amazing chefs like Rick Bayless have proved that Mexican cuisine can be elevated to a very high level.  Verde has a long, long way to reach the heights of Frontera Grill or Topolobampo.  I think they have the potential to get there.  They clearly have a tremendous passion for Mexican spirits so I hope they will continue to strive to elevate their menu to the same level.
2	Eight of us went to Verde back in December to celebrate a friend's birthday.  We'd all heard great things and were really looking forward to it.  Unfortunately, as much as I wanted to love this place, I can't recommend it to others. First, the service was absolutely terrible.  We had an early-ish reservation on a Saturday night and when we arrived the restaurant was a little less than 50% full.  After we all trickled in and had a drink at the bar, we were seated at our table.  After about 20 minutes with no waiter greeting us or taking a drink order, we finally got up and asked someone who appeared to be the manager if he could help us.   He was very nice and had a waiter attend to us right away.  Rather than be apologetic, this waiter proceeded to have a attitude with us all night.  We finally ordered a few pitchers of drinks that came out very slowly, one by one.  Pitchers were initially dropped off without enough glasses for everyone and we had to get up and ask the manager-guy for help again.  The same happened when we ordered our food -- it trickled out slowly, with some people nearly finishing their meals before the last plate was delivered.  The service was truly terrible, so I'll stop here, but really could go on quite a while with many additional examples.The food and drink menu was truly amazing and we all couldn't wait to eat.  The drinks were all delicious.  The general feeling around the table is that the food was all over salted but still okay, with one exception:  Three of us ordered the Enchiladas de Verduras -- a vegetarian enchilada made with swiss chard and a variety of other veggies.  Although the flavor was delicious, we were all convinced that the kitchen had forgotten to wash the swiss chard.  With every bite, we were grinding sand or dirt or something in our teeth -- kind of like what happens when you eat a sandwich at the beach on a windy day.  Although I tried to ignore it, I finally had to give up on my meal.  The same is true for my two other friends.  When we mentioned it to the waiter, he shrugged and said he'd mention it to the kitchen.  Although all three of our meals were only partially eaten, he did not offer to remove from our bill or bring a free alternative.I wish I'd loved this place because the menu was amazing, but I can't in good conscious recommend given my experience.
2	As I live only a few blocks away from here and I love Mexican food, I watched with eager anticipation as they renovated this space, filled it with tables and chairs, announced that they were hiring, and then... finally! They opened! The decor is very attractive and the food is good, but the service is horrendous.  I mean, it's truly just plain bad.  And unapologetically so.  While there as a party of four, they admitted that they forgot to seat us and left us lingering at the bar for about 45 minutes, even though we had a reservation, and then once seated, didn't bring us water and chips for another 10 minutes.  It took another ten or so for someone to take our drink orders, and so on and so forth.  Our server didn't bring a second order of chips until we asked four times and then forgot the salsa, which he never brought even though we reminded him.  It wouldn't have been so bad if it hadn't taken so so long to get served our food.  We just started flagging down anyone we saw to ask them to get our waiter's attention. It also took some major pleading to get drink refills, get our check, and pay our bill. A really frustrating and loooong dining experience.  Even though the food is good (and the grilled corn is super good) I won't be going back until I read that service has markedly increased.  Please please, Verde owner and manager, read the reviews of your diners and fix this problem! I don't want to see you fail.  And please turn up the heat! Your restaurant is freezing!
5	Oh, Verde! You had me at first bite!My meal started out with a palate cleanser - a shot glass filled with a concoction of pomegranate, lime, and other juices, topped with a strong kick of pepper. Chips and a fresh green salsa were provided on the house, while I ordered the Elotes as an appetizer. The Elotes, albeit a simple snack, was far and above the highlight of the meal. Grilled corn on the cob drizzled in lime aioli and a smattering of spices and cheese = ABSOLUTE HEAVEN. Who would've known to combine all these ingredients?! (Not me - but then again, maybe that's why I don't run a restaurant, eh?)I moved on to the main course - Enchiladas de Verduras (the vegetarian enchiladas). Incredibly fresh ingredients and cooked to perfection, though not the most novel combination here. I don't even LIKE swiss chard, but it tasted fantastic in this context. I admit, the Tacos de Camote sounded a bit more exciting, but I guess I'll just have to save that one for next time. Mad props for all the veggie-friendly stuff on the menu!I ended my night with the Tres Leches Bread Pudding, which was just melt-in-the-mouth delicious. Again, not a fan of raisins, but I ate them all here! (Sure, it might've helped that they were drowning in sugar/butter/cream...) It was served piping hot and heavily steeped in the traditional tres leches glaze, topped with a dollop of rapidly-melting whipped cream. Definitely give this a try if (by "if", I mean "when") you stop in!Service was exceptional. My glass was never half-empty (coming from a pessimist) and dishes were removed immediately upon finishing the food atop them.Next time, I'll prepare to come hungry *and* thirsty, so I can give their infamous tequila collection a good run!
4	I was hesitant to eat here after all the mixed reviews, but I was SO pleasantly surprised. Maybe they just needed some time to get their act together, so if you visited when they first opened, it might be worth another shot.First off, the chips and salsa are free (yes!) and the salsa verde is delicious! I am not a salsa fan but I couldn't stop eating (drinking) it! We also got some guacamole and it was pretty good, although I wish it had more garlic (then again, I can do more garlic on literally anything). Both my friend and I got tacos--I got carne asada and she got pescado--and they were pretty perfect. They were big so they were a little messy to eat (probably not first date material...awk), but the flavors were awesome. Also, I asked for my meat to be cooked on the rarer side, and they managed to get some red in those little fajita strips. I like that they listened to me!It is excrutiatingly difficult to choose a drink here because literally all of the options sound incredible. I chose two--the Walnut Street margarita (walnut/maple) and the Winterberry margarita (cranberry/honey/apple). They were interesting, in a good way. Our server dissuaded me from ordering the Honey BBQ margarita, which by his description, was like drinking a bag of BBQ Ruffles. While that sounds kind of disgustingly amazing, I had a bloody mary earlier in the week and decided my savory-drink quota had been filled. I definitely need to go back and try this BBQ concoction though. I'm intrigued.In case you didn't read any other reviews, THEY HAVE A MILLION TEQUILAS! I'm not a tequila girl but the bottles looked awfully pretty lined up behind the bar!After we ate, we hung out at the bar with a friend and it was a really chill environment. Everyone was friendly and they had some pretty good drink specials. It's cool to see a good drinking spot in Garfield (Salt being pretty expensive if you wanna do some serious drinking, your only other real option is Penn-Aiken Dairy...). In general, I really like the atmosphere here. It's pretty comparable to Salt's--trendy, upscale, yet comfortable. Not stuffy. The only thing I didn't like was the soundtrack...it was like somebody set it to Pandora's "Cliche Indie Songs" playlist. MGMT, Edward Sharpe, the um, Postal Service...? It reads as trying a little too hard. Mix it up and don't be scared to get a little eclectic, y'all!
2	7pm on a Saturday with over a 1h wait for a table. It's good for Verde, but not so good when there are at least 6 free tables. Sure, they're probably reservations, but at 7:20 you need to release them to customers who are actually there.
3	I REALLY wanted to like this place.  I had heard about it months before it opened.  I waited in anticipation as they passed their soft opening, and were up and established.  Finally on the day of my birthday, I decided to finally try it out.  I salivated over the menu.  DH & I finally decided on a few appetizers and sharing an entree.  I ordered one of their specialty cocktails - it was so hard to choose!  They used very interesting ingredients, I wanted to try them all!  I started off with a Baja Eden that had passion fruit, pomegranate mixed with a delicious tequila.  It was divine..... served with a beautiful flower.  Next up we ordered two appetizers: Ceviche del dia (shrimp & scallops) & Chicken Flautas: Fried tortillas, smoked chicken, poblano slaw, crema.  The Ceviche was OK.  It didn't have a fresh taste to it, and the spices were way off.  It almost tasted like spices from a packet.  The flautas on the other hand were delicious!  The smokey flavor along with the fresh crema were spot on.  The appetizers were pretty sizable so we ended up sharing an entree, the enchiladas de pollo.  They were just plain horrible, there just are no other words to describe it.  The beans and rice needed a good dousing of salt, and the enchiladas were plain and boring.  After asking for about every hot sauce in their restaurant (btw they do not have any good hot sauce) the manager ended up giving me a house-made smoked sauce.  That actually tasted pretty damn good on the enchiladas, and I think they should actually use this rather than what they have on their menu.  I was pretty disappointed overall because of the entree choice.  I don't need things to be spicy, I need them to be flavorful.  They are missing the mark on this, and it's sad!  Such a beautiful restaurant, with great drinks to boot.  I will definitely be back here but for happy hour only.  Drinks & appetizers seems to be the right combo.
4	Verde isn't bad.  I've been there twice now, and have enjoyed it both times.  The drinks are quite good.  The first time I went, I had a duck special, which turned out to be about half a duck, and kind of on the dry side.  My husband had the steak special, which was divine, so I highly recommend getting that if it ever ends up being offered again.The empanadas are great.Our second time, my husband and I were trying hard to keep to our pescatarian diet.  Now, this is where I think Verde stumbles - it's just not very good at doing vegetarian food (at least, not the way I like it).  So, if you are vegetarian, I'd stick with the appetizers, and stay away from the main courses.It doesn't satisfy my craving for hole in the wall mexican food, but it's a nice addition to the Pittsburgh food scene.
3	As with alot of the "trendy spots" in Pittsburgh, Verde needs to turn down the lights, turn up the music and cater to the young professional crowd.  Verde has a good start.  The layout is great and will be nicer with a patio in the summer.  I hope they do not intend to broadcast sports on the TVs behind the bar as it will ruin the atmosphere.  The drink selection is fantastic and is very reasonably priced.  The food was ok.  First, everything needed salt.  Everyone liked the fish tacos.  The chicken tacos were not a table favorite cause the meat was dark.  I will be back.
3	We got there with a party of 6 about 15 minutes before official closing time. Were politely greeted and sat. Our waiter was cool, but wanted to get out of there. Chips were legit. Salsa was legit. There is some tequila special so we took advantage of that. A pitcher of margarita was $26. I don't know what was up with that. Everything was cool except I got shorted the coins from the change on my bill. I don't know what was up with that either.  I like that there is a tequila bar in Pittsburgh. Open later would be nice.  I'm not sure how to feel about my change.
4	It was insanely busy for a Wednesday ($3 Tequila Tastings Night) night. I didn't feel like sitting at a table so I sat at the bar and ordered a drink or two (Granada Sangira & Winterberry Margarita LURVED IT) and looked through the menu. There isn't a lot of options for food but everything that came out looked amazing from what I could see. I asked the bartenders, who by the way are extremely friendly and helpful, what the soup of the day was. Lobster Saffron Bisque. I decided what the hell let's go for it. Out in came in this huge ass bowl. It was definitely a lot larger than what I expected good enough for two people to split. It was good but I don't think I could finish an entire bowl of it. I took it home. Next on the menu that I order was the Yucca fries. Nothing special I couldn't survived without it. Last but not least the flour-less chocolate cake. Dear god (or whomever resides up above), thank you for chocolate and thank you for that delicious cake. All in all my experience was good. Definately going back again with a group of friends!
4	Whoa, Verde is giving Salt a run for my money! I don't care much for tequila (primarily because it makes me tired), but I am hot on the Copa de Fuego, a well balanced cocktail of resposado, jalapeno, cardamom and lime. When I say well balanced, I mean it brings sweet, spicy, sour and bitter flavors together into one smoooth highly drinkable concoction - not at all like swallowing fire. It lures me in for more. While I am there, I take advantage of the complimentary chips and yummy salsa verde. The chips don't seem that fresh to me, they're not warm nor glistening, but they're also not bad for the price. Now the Empanadas are amazing! The dough is uniquely fluffy, the filling of grilled corn and beans is flavored with fresh crisp peppers and the chipotle sauce is mouth-wateringly good. Great texture all throughout. I've also tried the Chiles Rellenos de Hongos, which features the same delicious chipotle sauce over poblanos stuffed with wild rice and mushrooms. A large dish, a bit spicy, best shared among lovers. I've only ever sat at the bar, by choice. On my most recent visit, there weren't any seats in the house, anywhere. The hosts were super nice and accommodating. We took a tiny standing table by the bar and chips were promptly delivered. A very friendly server pointed out the hooks under the table for us to hang the things we were awkwardly holding in the middle of the bustling restaurant and one of the bartenders saw to it that we got seats. Make reservations if you are organized enough.
1	Finally got a table the other day. NOTHING HAS ANY SALT IN IT! I've seen other reviewers have the same complaint. There was literally no detectable salt in the salsa  (tomatillo or chipotle), or the tacos or chile rellenos. I think this might actually be a problem in sensory perception by either the chef/management or both? I never put salt on food at the table, especially in restaurants, but everything we had was flat and vegetal tasting. You're better off for flavor going to Mad Mex as much as I hate to admit it. Shoot, maybe even Taco Bell.
4	Went here on Sunday night (day before President's Day) and had to sit at the bar because we didn't have reservations, which was no big deal, since the bar set-up is very cool.  The bar was very busy and it seemed as soon as others left there were others that sat down.  The homemade guacamole was very good and the fish tacos were good, not out of this world, but good.  I didn't care for the rice and beans.....not enough flavor.  My friends had the chicken enchiladas and they were delicious.  Will definitely try those next time!  Nice drink menu and a great selection of tequila.  Will be sure to go back.
4	Verde.  What a cool word.  To me, Its screams fresh, vibrance, joy, happiness, fresh peppers and more.  I drive by this place almost every day so when some friends got a group together to celebrate a birthday i jumped at the chance to join them.Since altering my diet to vegan i haven't been out to many restaurants due to mixed experiences, but verde caters to the veggie friendly people so i didnt have any reservations about going.So, to the food.  Everything we all had was good.  The chips and salsa they bring out were tasty.  The salsa was very mild but nice.  It had a smooth flavor and I picked up a lot of garlic in it.  I love garlic, so healthy.  mmm.  Next time I will surely try the other salsas, i felt like a salsa with a kick would have been perfect, but alas i didn't order it this time.I ordered a couple sides.  black beans, guacamole, and the elotes (which after it arrived i realized i couldn't eat so i gave it away)  I have to say, eating a meal of side items wasn't all bad, but i was a bit envious of all the fantastic looking entrees being brought out to people.  everything looked and smelled great.  Everyone approved.  And pretty much everyone but the marathon runners left with extras.  This place has good portions - as with most in this city.Now the restaurant itself.  Its clear the build out of the place was on a budget.  but they played with it as much as they could.  I really liked bringing some art into the space - the murals were complimentary to the space.  the location of the bathroom door was actually directly in front of me the entire meal.  Every time i saw someone walk in and out, which led to some awkward meetings of the eyes.  but that aside it wasn't that bad.  The ceiling treatment with the slanted panels was interesting.  overall they did a decent job with the place but I'm critical because I'm in the design/building industry.  i constantly found myself looking around and checking things out.  The bar was pretty cool.  was fun to see people climbing up a ladder to get to the top shelf tequilas.The service was bad ass.  I really want to go back and check out how it is for dinner out with only a person or two with me.  Ten people in our group slowed us down a lot, but the service was great.  Took all of our drink orders without writing anything.  I was really impressed.  All the server staff look like restaurant people.  most are tatted up and hip.  Beyond appearances it was nice to see the servers knew about the plethora of tequilas and could recommend selections to novices.So in the end we all had a great time.  The reason i give it four stars is because like a fool i only ordered a couple side items to eat.  Go entree and I'm sure you wont be disappointed.Also, thanks for bringing some west coast flare in the kitchen to city where people are happy to eat bar food 7 days a week.  blech.Keep it up Verde, I'll be back.
4	Leap day review! Sunday dinner date girl talk night! We came to Verde for an evening of catching up and dishing! Dishing on my friends love life and enchiladas de pollo! We started with an appetizer of queso fundido. It was CHEESY. Your basic homemade chips with oily, melting, cheese. I was attempting to eat healthier then gave up that night.The wait staff was very accommodating. It wasn't very busy and we were going at a snails pace. There seemed to be some confusion about who our server was or maybe they all work together? We had double the service! The drink selection looked so wonderful and refreshing but I am not consuming alcohol for awhile, so I decided to get cozy with a hot tea. It was lit but not bright. I really liked the atmosphere and we were seated next to a bench that had a plant wall so it felt kind of private. Bronze is what I think of when I remember the color scheme.We both ended up ordering the enchiladas. I took my friends recommendation and she was spot on. I often have complaints that this city is "no muy bueno" in the mexican department but the dish was excellent. Flavorful chicken, and a soft sauce so that all the flavors stood out. Maybe even slightly smoky! Chipotle peppers a must hiding on my tongue! I will go back. We did after all feel so welcome that we stayed three hours. Woops!  Average pricing and right in my neighborhood!
4	The food is good, yes... But let's take a moment to talk about the tequila.  Oh, the Tequila!  It's seriously top quality!  If you're a fan of this lovely liqueur you need to try the flights they have.  We tried the flight 101 and 102.  Both are great introductions into their infused choices.  Out of both flights there was a common theme with the three.  One was peppery, one was sweet and one was floral.  Out of the three I LOVED the spicy, peppery one!  I can't wait to go back and order that specific one in a drink! I think I'm going to become an expert on tequila....So don't make the same mistake I did and come there and not order a flight!  Do it!  You won't regret it, I promise!  Plus you get to snack on some delicious homemade chips and salsa...life's grand!
4	I went there for drinks (from Salt) and I did not eat there, so the 4 stars are only for the drinks. We had some cocktails at the bar. They were really good. the copa de fuego was spicy and original (the cardamon is a really nice idea). Good and pleasant crowd drinking there too. Bartenders were friendly. I will probably be back for drinks if I am around.
3	I had a hard time deciding between three and four stars for this place - I think 3.5 would be perfect.Pros: nice modern feel, good margaritas, decent salsa, interesting menu. Cons: the tacos came on flour tortillas, the food was on the salty side, and the service wasn't very attentive. I feel like this place has potential, but as it stands now, it's not what I was hoping for. I would consider going here in the future to hang out at the bar and sample their extensive tequila list.
4	The fruity margaritas get a 5/5! Best margaritas i have ever had! The alcohol was top shelf, their flavors were unique and yummy! Baja Eden was my personal favorite! If your looking for those huge frozen margaritas this isn't ur place. The quantity is small but tasty and potent. Loved their flavored margs so much that i had 3!  Pretty smooth drinks, considering i didn't get a hangover the next day. Cant comment too much on their food, salsa was okay, chips were fresh, guac was mediocre, and had their rock shrimp+avocado crema+ quinoa fritatas (this was too salty).Their chicken enchiladas rocked!  They abs need reservations. We made it a week in advance and they were pretty direct as to when we were expected to leave. I didn't think when a party of 5 had a 300+ bill and kept ordering, we would still be asked to leave, but we were. I would go there again, the waiter was friendly, bars great, good ambience,  crowded but it was a good crowd.
3	Debated between 3 and 4 stars for Verde.  I enjoyed it, but didn't love it.  I'll visit again hopefully soon and maybe then I'll take it up to 4 stars.  Starting off the cocktails were the best part of the meal, the Tres Verde was fantastic and I would recommend it highly.  The appetizer we choose was the elotes since my wife wasn't eating meat.  Corn isn't in season so I'll give them a bit of a pass, but it wasn't great.  Fairly forgettable.  I got the chicken enchiladas for dinner.  The sauce on the enchiladas was pretty good and I was happy with the dish overall.  It was good, but didn't blow me away.  My wife continuing with the no meat theme, got the Tacos de Camote, which she enjoyed very much.  Finished up with the Tres Leches and again it was pretty good, but not spectacular.  The feel of Verde I enjoyed very much.  The decor and openness I thought was a real plus.  I could easily see myself having some drinks at the bar on a regular basis.  Our server also was very good, she was a little in the weeds when we got there so we waited a little longer than we would've liked but she made up for it when she was at our table.
2	A bit disappointing.  The food is edible, but nothing to swoon over. Its a trendy little spot that relies on hipsters. Think white guys in sweater vests wearing Kangol hats with women in pashminas and colorful cowboy boots. The bartenders appeared to be required to mix all their drinks over their heads.To call the food there Mexican would be a bit of a stretch. Possibly Mexican inspired or if you want to stick with trendy nomenclature Mexican fusion, but definitely not something that makes you think that there is a pack of a Mexicans in the kitchen. The mole sauce on my dish was quite thin and bland, and the yucca fries were tragically flavorless. The chicken was well cooked but poorly seasoned. The side of black beans was delicious but seasoned in a way that make me think of India, not Mexico.The dinner was by no means unpleasant, but I'm not going to be racing to get back there.
2	If you want average food and service at above-average prices, Verde is the place for you.
2	Inconsistent, at best, but I am so rooting for it to get better.I've been there twice in the last week and had one excellent dish (which was mediocre the next night), two okay dishes, an oddly plated dish, and an inedible dish.  Likewise for the drinks: two excellent cocktails, and one we had to send back.Atmosphere: The space is great - large with adequate space between tables, mood lighting but not so dark we couldn't see our food, and on a week night it was quiet enough to hear each other talk (weekend evening was loud).  The floor-to-ceiling windows contribute to the sense of spaciousness and the mixture of booth, table and bar seating contributes to the liveliness.Drinks: On the weekday night we started at the bar where we had the full attention of the bartender, who was passionate about what he was doing and happy to share his craft (ok, to be truthful, it took a little time to get him to treat us as knowledgeable drinkers, but once he did, he turned around and starting sharing the finer points of what they were trying to do with the drink offerings, which was a pleasure).  The Sopa de Fuego cocktail was out of this world - spicy, sour, sweet, bitter - fabulous combination, and we kept them coming. The tequila Manhattan was also excellent - not too sweet, and with a lovely roundness. The top shelf Margarita had to be sent back because it was weak.Food: The good news is that the servers aim to please - they were willing to switch out salsas, discuss the food with interest and knowledge, and make changes to dishes to avoid allergies and special requests. Also good news were the crisp chips and tomatillo salsa brought to the table when we arrived. And some of our dishes were quite good; the Fritos De Camarones y Maiz were tasty with the delicate flavor of the rock shrimp shining through (the middle was a bit undercooked, but not too doughy). The caesar salad was also good, although somewhat odd in presentation: an *entire* head of romaine had simply been sliced in half lengthwise and laid on the plate with a couple of spoonfulls of dressing. Good, but too much lettuce and not enough dressing. On the other hand, the guacamole was a problem. We ordered a side of guacamole but requested that the kitchen leave out one ingredient and what came out was . . . avocados mashed in big chunks (perhaps a small splash of lime). No anything else!  And the avocado was tasteless. On the first night the Pozole Verde was outstanding - chunks of melt-in-the-mouth pork in a rich pork broth with a a couple of spoonfuls of pozole and traditional garnishes of cabbage, radishes and some pumpkin seeds.  The flavor was excellent and there was a creamy texture to the soup that was glorious.  I could have happily eaten a second bowl!  On the second night, however, the Pozole was inedible - 1/4 inch of fat floated on the top of the soup, and the creamy texture had been replaced with the mouthfeel of cornstarch thickener.  Worst of all, there was a taste like liquid smoke to the soup that didn't fit at all - it tasted artificial. Speaking of liquid smoke, that was the taste that dominated the Enchiladas de Verduras - it didn't taste like it came from a smoker, but from a bottle. Despite some nice red rice on the side, the dish was inedible and, after one bite each, we pushed it aside. Some serious kinks in consistency to be worked out, and some refinements to be made to the dishes before the food comes to match the decor. I'm rooting for them - a fabulous tequila list, prime location, and good space means that this place good be a big win if they push for consistency and quality in the food.
2	As a friend once said - "Below average food at an above average price."  I couldn't have said it better myself so I stole the line.  You can also read it in her review which is currently mocking me from the list of previous Verde reviews to the right of my screen.  Stop judging me, sidebar!This is my second visit to Verde, the first being during their "soft" opening.  I decided not to review it at that time - instead giving the place a little more time to get their cajones together.  No such luck on this visit.  During my first visit I was treated to the very warm atmosphere and friendliness of the bartending staff. Unfortunately, my trio of friends waited over 30 minutes for our drinks and things didn't improve from there.  The food was fine, but pricey for what we got IMO.  Round Corner Cantina does it better and cheaper...again, IMO.  This second visit was more of the same. Again we waited for our drinks, which this time were just a pair of Diet Cokes and a water, so no complicated mortar and pestle business there.  My two buds ordered the same dinner - grilled chicken tacos and I had the Pollo En Mole Poblano or, Big Ass Piece of Chicken, for short.  Again, the food was totally fine.  Their tacos were fine tacos and my chicken was fine chicken, though pretty bland.  The best and most surprising part of the menu was the Mango Iced Tea, which we only discovered due to an unexpected shortage of Diet Coke (true story).  I want to like Verde.  Mexican is my absolute favorite genre next to cake and donuts.  Unfortunately, I don't think that's going to happen.  It's Round Corner, Mad Mex or Emiliano's for me.  I'll probably try a third visit since it's on my daily commute and I can't resist a good tequila.  I'll pass on the food, but bottoms up!
1	Verde-from the outside, everything about it screams "must try!"  When you walk in, you think you are in the hottest restaurant in NYC where you are begging for a seat.  Only there are open tables galore and you stand there staring at an incompetent host AND hostess.  We went twice.  Once without reservations, once with them.  Both times we waited.  Both times there were at least 10 open tables.  Both times the host and hostess were about as friendly as a dead person.  Trust your gut instinct in turning around and leaving if the front of the house is any indication on what is about to come your way.We ordered alcohol and probably would have enjoyed ourselves more had we been afforded the opportunity to get drunk.  But unfortunately our server was too busy to ask us if we wanted more drinks.  Can you imagine?  A place that has a bigger alcohol menu than food menu NOT asking you for more drinks is like going to Pizza Hut and them asking you if you want a salad.  In fact, we never saw the waiter after placing our order again until our food was delivered.  It's fine considering he had no personality.  A tall skinny guy.  A short haired pierced lip woman delivered our food and was WAY more friendly than he ever was. We ordered the tableside Guacamole that mentions choosing your own ingredients.  We ask the waiter about it, after being made to feel stupid for asking, our guac is delivered already prepared.  I think they do this because they don't want you to see the amount of salt they pour into this.  I now know what it feels like to lick a salt block. At least they didn't mess up the red rice we ordered.   On the ONE positive of the visit, the "generous" free chips and salsa (rolling my eyes) they provide were quite tasty.  I will likely never give this place another chance.  It's overpriced for below average food and poor service.  It's really said because it seems like there could be so much potential here.  A complete overhaul of the front of the house and most of the wait staff would be needed.
1	Needs to Study Business Management.Place looked great, I almost gave them another star for their Mezcal selection... Was not impressed with any of the food's presentation that I saw, but the salsa verde was very good (at a place called Verde, it better be!).When we arrived the place was half full and I did not expect to get a table, but my friends wanted to eat, so we tried.  We received a 15 minute monologue about how busy they were and that there was no way they would be able to fit us in... that people were already waiting about an hour... yada yada yada.  So... after standing at the bar and drinking a pitcher of OK at best margaritas, the half empty restaurant was even more empty.The server was very nice and knowledgeable about Tequila, but the general feel was of a place TRYING very hard to be posh and trendy.  Having been to BED in Miami when it was new and choking on want-to-be trendy places with each step in Chicago (when I lived there), I understand the desire.  However; BED, The WIT, The Bedford, Spybar, Mynt are all very cool places, and inside have cool staff.  If they have 10 empty tables, they will try to get you in one... because people want to go there and their food/club/drinks attract a crowd without fake pomp.While the margaritas were disappointing and the food looked like it may leave you wanting to go to Mad Mex, I will go back and try their Mezcal.  If you go to places to look cool and have an understanding of quality that is so poor you will buy a volt because it is "green," this is your place.I should add, all ended well on the south side after a few bottles of wine and a bunch of lobster!
3	Verde was a mixed bag for me. I looooove Mexican food and while Verde is a higher scale Mexican restaurant, I'm not sure the quality of food is worth the higher price.  Give me El Campesino, Mexico City or Patrons any day of the week over this for tasty, traditional Mexican.  The restaurant has a modern feel and has a great outside patio.  Luckily, because we went at 8:45 we didn't have a wait.  I tried the red Sangria which was excellent and then we tried the Infusions tequila flight.  They have an amazing selection of tequila so even though tequila and I are not good friends, I gave it a shot.  My favorite was the Agave Loco which was infused with jalapeno peppers.  Surprisingly good and you know it's good when even a tequila hater likes it.The green tomatillo salsa they brought out was also very tasty and had just the right amount of spice.  For our late dinner, we split an black bean and corn empanadas appetizer and the chicken enchilada dinner which was served with beans and rice.  The empanadas were excellent and they gave you two huge empanadas.  Even though we split the appetizer, between the one empanada and the salsa and chips, i was stuffed.  Then, out came the chicken enchiladas which had waaaaaaaay too much salt in them.  Other than that, they would have been quite tasty but the salt was just too much.  The flavors were bold, the vegetables were fresh and the service was attentive.  So I guess the big question is with all the positives, why only 3 stars?  I think it goes back to the fact that while everything was good, it just wasn't out of this world.  For the price, I'm just as happy going to one of the other cheaper Mexican restaurants and will have just as an enjoyable meal.
4	Very nice decor. Sweet potato tacos were delicious although I would have preferred they be on a corn tortilla rather than flour. Thought the beans and chips were too salty. Portion size a little small but that is better than too big. Giving this place 4 stars because of the nice decor/ atmosphere and because I enjoyed the tacos. Not what I consider authentic but I enjoyed my dinner here.
4	I'd give this place a 5 if their prices were lower (poor me!) - I've never understood expensive Mexican food! But c'mon, this place has yucca fries. Did you know what yucca was before you wiki'd it just now? I hope so, because it is amazing, and should carry just as much weight in the Mexican dining gig as it does in traditional Mexican cuisine; the first person who cooked the root for me was a friend from Chihuahua, Mexico.  Oh, right and the rest of the food: unendingly satisfactory. The flautas were rich and creamy within their crispy shells, biting into the tortilla chips was a zing of salt-acular sensations (even better when dipped into the best tomatillo sauce you never thought Pittsburgh was capable of), the house sangria was delicious and on special (Sangria Sundays!), the black bean empanadas were bulky, fluffy, never-ending clouds of day-of-the-dead heaven....etc. I think we had nearly every appetizer because we wanted to try everything....but still, it wasn't enough. Too much goodness in this giant green treasure chest. I'll be back!
3	Pre-art crawl dinner with a party of 6 in Shadyside West (yup, this is the name that real estate folks are now calling Garfield).  After reading all of the mixed reviews we were a tad apprehensive, but excited to try some new Mexican eats!The host/waitstaff is super nice and patient, especially after I had to change the time of our reservation twice. The first thing that struck us when we walked in was the noise level. It's loud in there. We were seated at a table near the bar where a gaggle of girls seemed to be having a heated conversation/borderline fight. Since we are all avid people watchers and love a good senseless brawl, this was great pre appetizer entertainment! Although this probably would have annoyed the average diner, especially because several waiters passed by and did not say anything to them.We ordered a bunch of appetizers for the table, which came out promptly. The first, a deep dried artichoke with aioli, was dry and tasteless. The batter had a bitterness to it that I can't quite explain? And the aioli was oily and thick- no flavor. The flatbread was decent- tasty mushrooms but the sauce, like a black bean mole, was cold and dry as well. OK, two disappointments so far. Will the ceviche pull through???!!! Why....yes! This was def the highlight of the meal- LOVED it!!!! It was probably the best I've ever had! Nice, big chunks of tender, perfectly marinated fish. I could have scooped the entire thing into my mouth at once. SO good!The main entrees did not come out as quickly. My vegetarian enchilada with tofu and Spinach had WAY too much cumin and enchilada sauce on it.....and was also cold! I took one bite and was done. So dissipointed.Thankfully my fella was kind enough to switch entrees (he will eat absolutely anything) with me so my things quickly looked up! His entree, marinated chicken soft tacos with chipotle creme sauce, was good. Nice spice, but I would have preferred more veggies....the soft taco shell/chicken/veggie ratio was just way off. It made me really really miss all of the taco trucks I used to walk by in downtown LA and take advantage of everyday. Hummmphh. *_*Did I have a good time? Yes! Did I love the food? No, but I would go back for appetizers only and drinks. I am hopefully that, in time, the before mentioned kinks will be worked out, as the location and concept is really fantastic!
4	How to enjoy dinner at Verde:1) Make a reservation2) Be prepared for the noise level3) Try a flight of the many tequilas or mezcalsVerde is trying hard to be the hip new restaurant, and why not? When your location is next to Salt, you have to be competitive.  At 7:30PM on a Friday, the bar was still packed with leftover happy-hourers and other pre-dinner drinkers.  Their drink menu is extensive, with something to satisfy everyone.I liked their basic, one page menu.  The fewer the items, usually the better they are, as was Verde's case.  I got the veggie enchiladas, which were vegan (! soy cheese).  This cheese-less wonder really allowed the flavors of the shrooms to come through.  I had the red Sangria, which contained one piece of apple and tasted like a chilled red wine, with only a slightly fruity taste.  I like my Sangria with more of a kick, but it was a generous serving.As many other reviewers said, the service is spotty.  My drink took a long time to come out, and our waiter disappeared after our food was served.  I'll chalk it up to a busy night and let it slide...this time.
3	Some of the food is good. I wouldn't call it Mexican though. Maybe mexican inspired. Their drinks are awesome. Clearly the best margarita in town. Their tequila tasting night happy hour special is a smoking deal. As far as a place to eat though, I think the food is over-priced and sometimes deeply un-mexican (bbq sauce on a tamale?)I'm not thrilled that chips and salsa are a la carte but understand that their goal is to be more on the classy side so am willing to let it slide. Where my blood starts to boil is when I get tacos with flour tortillas. This is clearly a personal preference but it really spoils any "mexican" meal for me.Also, a note about the service: It was slow in the beginning but has gotten much better. The staff is really friendly and helpful. Overall, I would say a great place to grab a drink during happy hour but not somewhere I would recommend for dinner.
4	Really cool place, turn on some good music. Go there
1	As an LA transplant in Pittsburgh, whatever Verde serves, it certainly is not Mexican food. After a disastrous outing that resulted in returned food, I went back one other time for drinks, as the margaritas actually are quite good.While my girlfriend and I showed up with the place about half empty, we were comically told that there was an hour long wait to be seated, as allegedly a quarter of Pittsburgh was just minutes away from showing up for their reservations all at the same time.Verde is dead to me, perhaps it ought to be for you as well.
2	The atmosphere at Verde is lovely - vibrant, colorful, trendy, and fun. And, that outdoor patio is fantastic. Drinks? Amaze-balls. However, the food and service left a lot of room for improvement. We ordered the ceviche app - disappointing. The huge chunks of shrimp were too large to pick up with the plantain chip, and the flavor missed the mark. It wasn't subtle or refreshing like ceviche should be - it was oddly heavy with these thick chunks of pickled onion, and it was overly spicy. We got an assortment of dishes at our table - chili rellenos, chicken enchilada, tofu enchilada, pork tacos. The only edible dish was the tacos. The rest were smothered - and I mean smothered - in too thick, too hot sauces that masked the flavor of anything underneath. Mouths on fire, we had to ask multiple times for water. (The waiter did bring us a free dessert for making us wait so long -thanks!) The standout menu item for us was the house made sour cream - it saved our dishes, and was smooth and creamy. Verde has so much potential, though. Great vibe, fantastic location - but, the food falls flat. It's not light or fresh enough to be Mexi-Cali, and it's not subtle or flavorful enough to be traditional Mexican. My suggestion? Come to Verde for Happy Hour and chips and salsa, and go home totally happy!
4	At 175+ bottles they have the best Tequila & Mezcal selection in the state!   Better yet, every Wednesday is "Tequila Tasting" night where you can get samples of each of them for just a few bucks.  If you aren't familiar with high end tequila's, note that I'm not talking about plastic bottle rot gut, but premium, well aged, connoisseur sipping tequila with a wide range of depth, flavor and character.  They had several smoky mezcals that reminded me of good scotchs and the staff enthusiastically helped guide me towards libations that best suited my personal tastes.Their entire staff is extremely friendly and knowledgeable about their selection.  Verde also offers dozens of freshly prepared original mixed drinks and an incredibly savory food selection.  The interior has a fun south western design style with interesting hand made tile mosaics covering most surfaces an a very stylishly lit bar with wood carvings over the bar in the shape of an agave.  I'll be on the lookout for something to celebrate on coming Wednesdays so I have an excuse to come here for dinner and Tequila Tastings!
4	The recent elite event at Verde reminded me, I'm definitely in need of a re-review of this place! Since our first encounter, I have taken my own advice several times and come here, treating it as a bar more than a restaurant, reveling in a variety of tequilas, and cocktails involving it. They bring around your first round of chips for free if you're at a table, and they're unlimited at the bar. Along with the chips, their appetizers are usually enough to split between two people over drinks, but they usually have a few items on special so you might want to enjoy a flatbread made with the freshest ingredients they could find that day.Being one who enjoys to branch out as much as I can, I love to come in for their Agave Wednesdays, that is: a half-oz 'taste' of any tequila on their wall(that is usually priced under $18) for only $3! So, you can create your own flights of tequila to suit your tastes, or let the bartender know what you like and have them spin up their own. Be sure to ask for the iPad menu to get an interactive look at their selection, along with tasting notes and label texts. Their patio recently opened, which is a welcome addition to the neighborhood. Service has also been greatly improved since the last view - now very attentive and friendly, if not still a bit scripted. The bartenders are all wonderful, very well versed in all of the tequilas and in making excellent cocktails.If you're looking to grab a few drinks or get an education in tequila, and get some excellent modern mexican-inspired snacks(And maybe dinner, but I haven't tried in a while), Verde is probably the best place to stop. Be sure to heed the warning on the door about parking - if you park in the Glass Lofts lot, there is about a 110% chance of getting towed.Also, Verde now serves brunch saturdays and sundays, which is delicious!
4	With a selection of 178 tequilas...I think I'm in love.  Definitely came out of there with a warm fuzzy feeling.Attended the Yelp event held here this past weekend and got to sample their brand spanking new brunch menu.  I'm not a big brunch person as it is, so to me this was a hard sale.  I will say I did not get to sample all the fare presented so my review on the food will be short.  I sampled the turkey sandwich and French toast brioche.  The turkey sandwich was good, but I feel like it was missing something.  Not sure what, maybe a sauce, not a heavy sauce, but just a sauce to compliment all the yumminess between the toasty goodness.  Turkey, cheese, avocado, red onions, and probably something I'm missing.  They all complimented each other nicely, but I still believe a dab of something would have hit a home run in my book.  The French toast brioche, in one word, AMAZING!  Wasn't doused with all the sweetness I expected, but I thoroughly enjoyed it.  Definitely will look for that again when I return.The venue itself is very pleasing to the eye.  With all the natural light coming in it is a very welcoming space.  With the agave presence everywhere.  From their emblem to the wood planks hanging from the ceiling.  As we all know, tequila comes from the agave.  Which brings me to my happy moment.  Tequila.  I'm not a big drinker, but I love me some tequila.  I'm sure that even if i were to visit this place on a regular basis, it would take me well over a year to sample all 178 tequilas on hand.  Hey, I'm not complaining about that.  Participating in a tequila tasting is quite fun and educational as well.  I now know the difference between tequilas.If you've never been here before, be sure to stop in. When nicer weather allows, seating outside is encouraged.
5	I have been to Verde a handful of times now. I agree with some of the earlier reviews that the service was not perfect when the restaurant first opened, but I it has gotten consistently better and my last two experiences have been great. Being a huge fan of the food at Verde in general (especially the Guacamole, Tacos de Camote, and Tres Leches), I was super excited when I heard they were introducing a brunch menu on the weekends. In general, the food is a unique twist on traditional Mexican food, always surprising me with an unusual and unexpectedly pleasant combination of flavors that I would never have dreamt up on my own. The brunch menu is consistent with this theme, making it tough to narrow down the choices. In the end, I ordered the Camote Hash (sweet potato hash) and Chilaquiles (almost like a breakfast version of nachos). I was not sure I would like the Chilaquiles when I ordered it - (tortilla chips and a sunny side up egg together in one dish?) but again, I was right to trust the chefs at Verde to fuse these ingredients with an amazing poblano crema sauce into a delightful and extremely satisfying meal. Also, I highly recommend the fresh squeezed orange juice. Fresh squeezed juice is hard to find in Pittsburgh, and it is definitely worth the price (so much so that I ordered a second glass). I did not try the Brunch Bottles, but they sound perfect for a group brunch, or just a couple planning for a lazy afternoon.
1	Food....mediocre. Service......pathetic. From the Waiters to the bartenders......slow. Poorly managed place.
4	Came here for dinner on Cinco de Mayo with some out of town guests.The food was excellent.  Small menu with daily changing specials.  Very large tequila/bar menu.  Everything that we ordered was outstanding: very flavorful but not overly spicy.  Our server was very attentive and polite, explaining each of the specials and answering our questions.  Prices were reasonable.My one complaint is that it was really loud inside.  I had to yell across the table to my guests and to be heard by the waiter.  Don't come here if you're expecting to have an actual conversation.  But if you want phenomenally executed Mexican food, definitely make a visit.
3	I've been to Verde four or five times now.  The first time, I sat at the bar with a couple of friends and had a wonderful experience.  The tequila and mezcal selection is excellent and the cocktails are all very creative and tasty.  The bartenders are all very knowledgeable and have great personalities (especially Allie (sp?)).  On the food end, I enjoyed the guacamole and potato and chorizo tacos (the latter are not currently on the menu).  My trips for sit-down dinners have been less successful, primarily because of the speed of service and some just okay main courses.  The servers are all quite friendly, but can be difficult to find and service, especially with drinks, can be very slow.  I am all for a leisurely-paced meal, but it is often inconsistently slow (e.g., very long wait for order, including drinks, to be taken; long wait for drinks; long wait for apps; entrees come out immediately after apps).  The tacos are generally quite good and the portion sizes just right.  I have had less success with the other mains.  I have tried the steak, the fish of the day twice, and the vegetable as well as the chicken enchiladas.  All were cooked well, but the flavors just didn't come together for me.  I'll definitely go back to the bar many times and enjoy some appetizers, but the service will have to be more consistent for me to become a regular table diner.
3	I ate here a little while ago with a dining companion during happy hour.  We stopped by after seeing it and thinking that it looked cool.When we got there we both decided on the house margarita which was the happy hour special for $5.  I can't say that it was bad but I wouldn't say that it was great either.  For my entree I decided upon the enchiladas de pollo.  The star of the meal was the sauce for it which was spicy but smooth.  The rest of it was solid although nothing else stood out.The bottom line for me Is that I will not be back in the future.  Verde did little to distinguish itself from other Mexican restaurants except to be $5-$10 more per entree.
4	Wow! I have been driving past this restaurant since it opened.  So good!  The food is delicious!  We had the guacamole, Yuca Fries, and split an order of the Chicken Enchiladas...alll yummy!  I saw that other review said that the sides of beans and rice were bland. I didn't experience this, they were both delicious. Service is on the slow side, but it wasn't ridiculous.Will definitely be trying this place again!
3	This is a compromise review rating. In terms of food (at this price point), this is a 2-star restaurant. In terms of cocktails and atmosphere, this is a 4-star restaurant. I really hope they kick up their food a notch and earn a 4-star rating because I really want to love this restaurant. So onto the details. I went for brunch this Sunday after drooling over the well-written brunch menu. However, I was sorely disappointed with the food. I ordered the french toast which was dry and way too bready, with barely a smear of bland jalapeno cream cheese and served with a cup of generic maple syrup (i.e. Aunt Jemima). I accept and understand artificial maple syrup at a mediocre diner, but not at a place intending to have good food. My husband's eggs benedict was definitely more successful, but the "guajillo hollandaise" might as well have been made with red bell peppers it was so mild and sweet. Maybe the chef is pulling punches because there have been complaints about spice in other reviews but when you order something with guajillo, you have to expect some spice.Now that I've whined about my mediocre food experience, I will give credit where it is due. The brunch cocktails are inventive and delicious. They use a clearly home-made (and very spicy) bloody mary mix. They use fresh citrus in the margaritas. They shake the cocktails well. I look forward to returning for one of their well-advertised happy hours and enjoying more of their cocktails or perhaps a tequila flight from their extensive selection while sitting at their gorgeous modern bar. After a few of those drinks, I might even learn to appreciate the food. In spite of their short-comings, Verde clearly has a good following - with most of the tables indoors and out filling up for brunch by 11:30 on Sunday. This is a happening spot and has a lot of potential. Let's hope I have the chance to update my review soon.
4	Every person who drinks has a tequila tale that is as unfortunate as a Faulkner novel.  Whether you unwisely entered into a shot contest, or tried to power down a third Big Azz margarita at Mad Mex, they all have a pretty familiar ending.  Pittsburgh has been a beer-centric town for as long as I can remember, and a plastic bottle of tequila sitting on a table at a party was a terrible omen.Enter Verde.Verde is a high end Mezcal and Tequila bar, which seems like a hard sell in a town where 65% of the drinking population thinks that a team jersey counts for formal wear, and jean shorts are never completely out of the question.  I had really only planned to have beer when we first came here.But those beautiful bottles on the wall.  Oh so many shapes and colors.  They beckoned like shiny little Sirens of excess.  Asking the bartender about her preferred drink triggered an enlightening and fun conversation that was more informative than any conversation I've had at a bar.  My friend had lived in Arizona for several years before returning to Pittsburgh, and he, along with the bar manager persuaded me to try a specially selected Mezcal flight.  And what happened next was unlike anything I have ever experienced on a night where Tequila was involved.  Mainly, my pants remained on, but also, I found that tequila doesn't have to be a wincing, gag inducing test of manhood.  The flight consists of a little board with 4 samples of various tequilas, with a little tomato juice to cleanse the palate.  They apparently have a variety of nights where you can learn about the various tequila and mezcal options, and try them at discounted rates.  Ok, wrapping it up.  This place is very nice and all, but the bartenders are the anchor that will keep this place going.  It's a beautiful space that has been increasingly crowded every time I've been.  I'm excited to see how it evolves over the next year.  Will it blossom into it's own Agave plant, or will it become another Senor Frogs?  I'll let you know.
5	Amazing!  Cannot begin to explain how incredible all the flavors are, how fresh each ingredient is, and how wonderful the service is.  Anytime I visit Pittsburgh, I am coming to Verde for the most awesome meal of the trip.
5	We stopped by on a recent Sunday for Brunch.  Our favorite table was already occupied, so we had to settle for a small table by the window.  We started out with roasted tomatillo salsa and chips.  I really love this salsa.  It's some of the best I have ever had.  For our meals, BJ got their Mexican French toast.  He really loved the jalapeno cream cheese filling and the mango marmalade.  I got the smoked brisket with sweet potatoes, poblanos, red onion, & sweet pepper hash topped with a fried egg.  The dish is so delicious, I could eat it 5 times a week!   We have even tried to replicate it at home and have been somewhat successful.  I can't wait to visit, again.
5	I had a really great experience here! We went for happy hour and sat on the patio.  The pitchers of margaritas for $20 was a great HH deal.  We ended up eating dinner and I have to say the chorizo tacos were the absolute bomb! Super yummy.  I also really appreciated how the manager handled a certain situation with us... We had paid our bill and just finished our drinks... but got caught up talking.  We didn't even realize they had a wait for tables at this point, because seriously the patio makes you feel like you are on vacation... so the manager came up and offered to buy us drinks at the bar if we would give up our table and move to the bar.  We were leaving anyway, but really thought this was an awesome gesture!
3	I thought this place was good, but service wasn't that great. I liked the atmosphere and what I did eat, so I'll be going back.
2	Tacos are the bread and butter of a mexican joint - how do you mess that up? This rating is for the food and service, not the drinks. I went on a Wednesday night, and the service was friendly, but pretty slow. So if you're looking to grab a quick bite, I wouldn't advise stopping by here.Their veggie-friendly choice, the Tacos De Camote is blasphemous to the taco gods. The presentation is nice, but you can't judge a book by its cover. The taco shell is a cold flour tortilla, filled with soggy sweet potato chunks, chickpeas, and covered by a bed of iceberg lettuce. Lastly, it is topped with some weird ranch, thousand island-ish dressing that was just not good. There is no saving the Tacos De Camote, they just need to scrap it and come up with a new option. The chips are meh as well. If I were to go back, it would most likely be for a tequila flight or a margarita during happy hour with multiple orders of the Elotes (grilled corn with lime aioli and sea salt) which were phenomenal.
3	Excellent margaritas and a *huge* selection of tequilas. The food is good but nothing to rave about. The service is good. The atmosphere is vibrant and casual.
3	In sum they provide a crisp and refreshing take on Mexican. Not that the 'burgh is lacking for Mexican joints to frequent but none of them offer an upscale twist. I have to say- what amazing food this place must truly have that I am overlooking major hurdles. The first, we dined here when they first opened. As most new establishments run into kinks that needed worked out this place was no different. The fire alarms were going off non stop, throughout our entire meal. It was distracting, unpleasant, and annoying. But that is why I waited a bit to write the review to make sure I could focus more on the food and not the ear blasting noises and flashing strobe lights. I did not take off a star for that experience. Besides, they did provide a free shot of tequila for everyone as a piece offering. I took the bribe!Why then did they lose two stars? The appetizer. We ordered the flatas: fried tortillas laden with juicy smoked chicken, fresh polano slaw and fresh crema. Seriously, eating this I was in molecular gastronomy utopia. Then, I taken back as I bit into my next bite. No, I literally bit on a piece of chicken bone. Not a small piece either. Sharp enough that if I did not catch it while biting into the flauta it may not have been a pretty sight. Why did I not freak out or bring it to anyone's attention. Well to be honest, between the noises of the fire alarm, the flashing lights from the alarm, the presence of fireman- I could not even talk with my husband who was sitting directly next to me without screaming let alone talk with our waiter. I let it go. Bones happen and fortunately I was not harmed. Its obviously fresh- and everything tasted great. I pray the bone sharing occurs far and few between. Else I shall dub them the Bone Collectors =)I ordered the grilled tequila steak and chicken enchiladas. Fortunately, no bones were to found in the entree portion of the chicken. My steak was cooked and seasoned perfectly. The cheese sauces, the crema, I was in condiment heaven!I plan to return sometime and will try non-chicken items. Not that I am fearful of the chicken but there are other dishes worth trying call it a mitigated risk. Besides, I live two blocks away. Its a great location for me. I plan to give their brunch a whirl sometime.
3	The food was excellent, but the service did not match the feel of the restaurant.  The restaurant is set up to be trendy and mexican, and all of the employees seemed to match the aesthetic.  It almost seemed like they hired their waiters based more on their look fitting in the the restaurant than their actual abilities.  We went as a large group, so it was expected that we would be there longer than if there was just a few of us, but 3 hours is a bit excessive!  It took 45 minutes to have our order even taken.  For an upscale establishment, one expects better service than that.  Fortunately, the food was awesome.   I ordered the special pork taco and their yucca fries.  The flavors melded so perfectly together in the taco, and it contained a lot of meat.  Also, all of the desserts were tried at our large table, and they were all tasty, but VERY sweet.  It would be nearly impossible to finish any one of them by yourself.  Overall, the food was very good, but not redeeming enough for me to want to return.
5	We had a fantastic experience at Verde! We started with the fresh salsa, guacamole and chips, along with their house margarita and a frozen strawberry mojito.  All of which were excellent.  There was an extensive list of daily specials, each one sounding more amazing than the one before, but we settled on the chicken enchiladas and the chorizo tacos. Both were perfectly prepared, melt-in-your-mouth, amazing and (thankfully) completely lacking any of the traditional canned Mexican flavors that are typical of the chain restaurants!  We were seated promptly, had excellent service, and had a wonderful meal.  The open design of the space does leave a little to be desired in the acoustics, so it got a little loud, but nothing one of their fantastic cocktails cannot cure.
4	In sum, delicious and innovative brunch.My instincts told me to overlook my interesting dinner experience from months ago and to give the brunch a whirl. Boy ol' boy am I glad I did. I did not make it easy on Verde either. I chose the huevos benedictos. The first properly cooked egg I learned to make back when I was a wee munchkin was poached eggs. Why poached? I LOVED eggs benedict. I've eaten this breakfast brunch staple since I could write in cursive. Hence, it is difficult to impress me with this dish. Verde's interpretation provided me new insight into traditional comfort breakfast.Wow, wow wow! I cannot say enough wonderful things about this dish. Blue corn muffins were thicker than I would have thought and I enjoyed the sweet corn dimension. The house-cured bacon was smoky, sweet, caramelizing slabs of Nirvana. Next up, was the wild card for me: wilted escarole. Huh? When I read the description on the menu I would not let myself over think it- I wanted to try something different. Wow wow wow. This dish would not be the same without the slightly bitter and acidic wilted escarole. It provides another dimension of flavor that balances this dish. Why does traditional benedict lack this delicious component? The poached eggs were perfectly cooked with the yolk center seeping throughout the layers of deliciousness with only a soft nudge from a fork. Last and certainly not least- guajillo hollandaise. So few establishments can make a proper hollandaise. Let alone one that can balance acidity, smokiness, and heat. I loved this sauce. As the queen of sauces I can say I will spent endless hours in the kitchen attempting to recreate this masterpiece or perhaps I should just attend brunch here more often.  Either way, order this dish if you love Mexican cuisine and understand what a proper eggs benedict should be. This will allow one to appreciate the balance, depth and beautiful complexity this dish has to offer. My ravings about this restaurant does not stop at the eggs. The coffee. I am a coffee snob- through and through. I also appreciate it brewed strong the way I believe all coffee should be made. Their coffee has a strong body and the beans have a rich dark roast. The hand squeezed orange juice was a tad pricey at 4$ glass. Nevertheless, the OJ was fresh and yummy.I tried a taste of my husband's has de carne ahumada. Another delightful dish [although I still think my dish was the best]. Cubed and sauteed sweet potatoes were a delicious spin on the typical potato hash. My husband even agreed and he is a white potato lover- through and through. Peppers and red onions were grilled and tasted nicely seasoned. The smoked brisket was balanced and cooked properly. Not dry, not overly seasoned but moist and possessed a mellow element of smoke. Jared also ordered a side of chorizo. Let me tell you, my husband is a sausage fiend. His basic food groups are beef, potatoes, and sausage. He could not say enough wonderful things about the chorizo and remarked one can taste the freshness of the pork and felt the balance of spices and tone of cinnamon were delicious. The only reason I did not give this place 5 stars was the speed of the service. We had a lovely waitress who was very nice. Yet, we waited quite a bit to be greeted and even longer for our coffee. In the morning, I NEED my caffeine...quickly. Other than the slow service [which was something we also experienced during our dinner a few months back] breakfast was excellent =)
3	This is a tough one because we went with friends and it was highly recommended.  I am also basing this off one visit.I give the atmosphere and food a solid 4 stars.  The food isn't authentic Mexican or even Tex Mex, but a great fusion.  They do a very nice job with the flavors.  We found the staff to be pleasant and service good, but it was a little slow.The parking is awful (Although we got lucky finding a spot).  If you are going to have no parking, offer valet. I found the drinks to be very blahhh.  The prices are a little on the high side.  I would definitely try it and decide for yourself and I may very well visit again and update this review.
3	I'm always in search of a great place to grab some Mexican food, which brought me to Verde last Friday.  The ambiance and physical environment of the restaurant is outstanding: nice open, airy, with an outdoor patio overlooking the street.  Very chill, very nice.  Likewise, the service was on-point.  The menu is quite interesting seeing as the drink menu simply dwarfs the food selection.  Now, this isn't necessarily a bad thing if you're a tequilla connoisseur.  The actual food menu was pretty nice though.  Plenty of vegetarian options, as well as the typical tex-mex dishes though with some new-age flair.  For instance, I ordered the chile rellenos.  Instead of the typical fried heap of cheese and grease, which I personally enjoy despite impending coronary artery disease, the rellenos at Verde are grilled.  My meal tasted good, but lacked the greatness that is real authentic diabetogenic Mexican food.  It's a personal thing, I guess.  You might actually like it!  Nevertheless, a couple minor complaints.  The chips were too salty and I think the food was tad bit overpriced for what you get.  Parking situation could be better, but I can't really fault the restaurant on that.  Just be patient when you get there.  Overall, I'll probably come back, though I'm more likely to hit up another spot (Round Corner Cantina), when I'm feeling Mexican.
3	I can't exactly explain why Verde only gets 3 starts, but it's not really a place that you want to come back to.  I've been there twice, and likely won't return.My ceviche was good, but was somewhat heavily spiced, taking away the freshness which is critical to a good ceviche.  My fish tacos weren't bad, but were almost flavorless.  The guacamole which our table started with was good, but nothing special.Not sure what's off about this place, but it could be much better.
4	I had to update my review after I had their brunch!You might not think to try Verde for brunch.  Who wants guacamole and chips at 11AM? (Our waitress did try to sell us on it!) However, Verde does a great job with their menu, and you won't miss your typical brunch far here.  The menu at Verde is limited, and there are no substitutions....but you don't need any.  The stuffed french toast is amazing, and I paired it with a Bloody Maria (bloody mary with tequila) and a side of the sweet potato hash, which came out on a skillet with peppers and onions.  The portions were huge for brunch! My friends had the cornmeal pancakes and the biscuits and sausage which they said were delicious.The drink prices are expensive for brunch, but it's still slightly cheaper than Point Brugge.
2	We walked in to dinner at Verde around 6:30 slightly before the evening rush.To start we ordered the Elotes (grilled corn) which was absolutely amazing. So good in fact  we ended up scooping up all the butter and seasoning with our chips.Sadly this was the only great part of the meal. @Julianne M had the Tacos De Camote which was a sad attempt at a vegetarian taco. While the sweet potatoes and chick peas were a good start, the ice berge lettuce and the sub par flour tortilla (if Verde reads this, go for the corn tortillas) ruined it for her.I had the Chiles Rellenos De Hongos which was the better of the two meals but no where near great. Soggy and a bit over cooked in my opinion.I might come back but only for Elotes and maybe a few cocktails.
4	Food: Verde offers slightly higher end Mexican food with most of the expected staples of the Mexican or Mex-American cuisine.  This isn't a place where you simply choose a burrito, taco, enchilada, fajita, etc. with the usual toppings.  Instead of 5 different takes on each of those previously mentioned items, Verde has less than 10 total entrees to choose from, but each are well thought out and original.  Tacos, enchiladas, stuffed peppers, and more are filled with creative, local ingredients not found at your typical Mexican eatery.  We had the Ensalada Verde, which was far from the usual house salad and included beets, chayote, and a great cactus cilantro vinaigrette that was one of the best dressings I've had in a while.  The guacamole tastes fresh (although they don't make it in front of you) and has some spice.  The enchiladas had a legit smoky taste and tasty ingredients like roasted tomatoes, mushrooms, and caramelized onions.  For dessert we tried the Tres Leches, which was okay, and the house made Mango sorbet, which was excellent and super refreshing on a hot summer night.  Verde has a gluten-free menu, many items either are or can be made vegetarian, and several items can be made vegan.  Chips and salsa are on the house, and the house green salsa (salsa verde) is a nice change from the typical red salsa at most Mexican restaurants.  Everything we ordered was at least average, and in most cases was tasty and different.Price: Verde is a little pricier than the typical Mexican restaurant, but the unique and high quality ingredients somewhat justify the cost.  Entrees range from $12-22, and the portions are large enough to fill you.  After some complimentary chips, an appetizer or two, and an entree, you won't have room for anything but tequila.Drinks: Although Verde seems more of a restaurant with a bar than a bar with a restaurant, their drink selection is pretty impressive.  The quantity and quality of tequila is flat-out intimidating.  They have many beers and some special cocktails to choose from, but we stuck to margaritas.  The El Jardin margarita, which contained strawberries and local rhubarb, was good, but the Blackberry Basil margarita was phenomenal.  Served in a martini glass, these are high class margaritas that are poured stiff but go down easy.  We also tried the house margarita, on the rocks, which was very well made.  The drinks aren't cheap, but they are effective.Atmosphere: Verde offers a full-service bar with seating for dinner, a relatively large dining room, and plenty of outdoor seating.  We went on a Monday night and it was busy, so its probably a good idea to make a reservation on the weekend or be prepared to wait (and drink).  The atmosphere is trendy but comfortable with big screen TVs at the bar and warming lamps outside.  Tables can accommodate 2 or very large parties.Service: We sat at the bar while waiting for our table.  Our bartender was very friendly, asked us if it was our first time at Verde and gave us a rundown of what to expect.  He went into some detail about the cocktails and tequila choices, and it seemed like he could have talked a lot more if we had asked.  He made awesome drinks and was very quick and attentive.  The waitstaff at our table was also good.  They seemed a little understaffed as our waiter had quite a few tables to take care of, but he held his own.  The service wasn't anything to remember, which can be taken either way.  We weren't amazed, but we weren't at all bothered.(+): awesome margaritas, absurd tequila list, more upscale take on Mexican cuisine, good place for a date or to get started before heading to the bar(-): could potentially be a little expensiveWould I go back again? I can't imagine finding a better tequila selection or margarita in Pittsburgh, so yes.  The food is well worth a try while you're at it.
1	Not only was the service terrible, the food was utterly disappointing. When we entered the restaurant the hostess said no greeting and was rather stand-offish. For a restaurant that has over 100 tequilas it was disheartening when my mother's margarita arrived tasting like salty water. After looking over the limited menu, our waiter recited the specials while mispronouncing half of them and stumbling over the list. Our salads arrived on beautiful plates, but to our surprise, half, if not more of the leaves were brown and wilting. Hoping for more in our entrees, they arrived and were subpar at best. The tamales were extremely small portions for 18 dollars and drenched in barbecue sauce. My tacos were in cheap, flour tortillas you can buy a bag of for 3 dollars at Giant Eagle. After finishing our dinner, we sat with our half eaten plates in front of us for at least 20 minutes while our waiter walked by numerous times not once asking how everything was or if he could clear away our obviously finished plates. We dined outside which was a very nice setting, and when we looked inside we saw another table that had their dirty plates sitting in front of them for an extremely long time. Finally, once our waiter cleared away our plates, he brought the check placing it not in the center of our table, but directly to my father, and did not say one word. No thank you, have a good evening, etc. and to top it off stood behind my father waiting as my father looked in his wallet. Once my father placed his credit card with the bill, our waiter immediately took the bill, and again did not say anything. I could not imagine anything rudder our waiter could have done.The best part of this restaurant is looking at it. I do not recommend.
2	Meh.  Spoiler alert:  I won't go back.  It wasn't "bad," but it certainly wasn't "good."  I arrived to find the restaurant half full (at least 10 open tables inside) and was promptly informed by the hostess that we'd have "at least a one-and-a-half to two hour wait" if we wanted to sit inside.  "Lots of reservations!"  Umm yeah, when we left an hour later...tables were still open.   By no means crowded.Immediate seating outside, ok whatever.  The service was a bit slow but I remained optimistic.  I was a little skeptical of the menu and specials -- wild rice in chile rellenos?  The fish of the day....walleye?  What is this, Minnesota?We went with the carnitas tamales and fish tacos.General review of the food:**Margaritas - VERY good, and strong!  Two thumbs up.**Chips and salsa - Salsa was WAY too sweet.**Tamales & Carnitas - Odd.  Covered in BBQ sauce; rather than using masa they appear to have used sweet potato (???) and it ended up dry and WAY too sweet.**Spanish rice & beans - kind of gross.All in all, it was edible.  But it won't be on my list next time someone asks "where should we go eat tonight!?"
5	Okay.  I have to preface the review with a comment.  All you "Yelpers" who slam Verde for not being "authentic"...get your heads out of your a$$e$!  Verde doesn't intend to be authentic Mexican, it says "MODERN Mexican!"  You want Taco Bell?  Go to Taco Bell and stay the hell out of one of the BEST restaurants in Pittsburgh...Mexican or otherwise. Thank you.  Rant ended.Cheff LBee puts out some of the most creative cuisine in the 'Burgh.   (Big plus...they have a gluten-free menu!)   I LOVED the twist I had recently on a tamale - succulent BBQ pulled pork.  No, it wasn't a traditional tamale and I'm grateful for that...it was HUGE.  The size alone was untraditional.  Sweet, spicy, tender pork encased in a masa crust was everything I could want in great food with a Mexican/Southern twist.  Another visit for brunch with the fam.  Once again it wasn't a "traditional" Mexican menu.  Thank God.  If it had been traditional, I don't think I would have been offered the amazing sweet potato/smoked brisket with a 5-minutes egg perched atop.  Wow.  The potatoes were crisp, yet smooth on the inside, the brisket was smoky and played nicely with the sweet potatoes, the 5-minute egg oozed its golden yolk across the hash to make a lovely sauce.  Truth be told here, my plate came out and before I could cut into the egg, another egg came out.  The waiter explained the kitchen realized the original egg had cooked too long and wanted to be sure I had the proper egg for the dish.  Love that!  How many places would have just let it go?  Not LBee!Then there are the cocktails.  One of the best cocktail programs in the city reside right there at Verde.  I had the opportunity to chat for a good while with Allie, one of Verde's expert mixologists.  Even better than talking mixology (one of my fave subjects!), was the cocktails!  My favorite of all was the La Fortunada...I don't remember what all was in it, but gin.  Yeah, not tequila, who knew a Mexican restaurant that specializes in tequila did GIN so well!  The Copa del Fuego margarita with jalapeno and cardamom satisfied my heat and warm spice cravings...and their Paloma (had this at brunch) with grapefruit, lime and resposado tequila made a perfect accompaniment to brunch.  Oh hell...it would be perfect anytime!If you're looking for "typical" Mexican, don't bother to darken the doors of Verde.  If you're looking for creative, exceptional cuisine and cocktails in a casual and friendly atmosphere, THIS IS THE PLACE FOR YOU!  All others need not apply.
4	Verde kind of fell off the radar for me, even after a couple great meals there, just because I don't crave Mexican often (and if I do--you can probably just find me at Chipotle. Sorry not sorry). But my friend and I wanted to try a new place for brunch after way too many visits to Meat & Potatoes and we realized we hadn't tried Verde's brunch yet!Brunch reminded me how much I really like Verde! In fact, I think I like their brunch even better than their dinner! I like hashes because they often involve slow-cooked meat and poached eggs. But since I'm not a big potato fan, I find myself digging through a sea of potatoes for scraps of meat like some crazy brunch archeologist. However! I AM a sweet potato fan, so Verde's sweet potato-brisket hash was the perfect solution to my problem! The 5-minute eggs were nice for something a little different, although one of mine was just slightly overcooked. I saw some orders of the eggs benedict float by our table that were totally droolworthy.My only thing about brunch is that I don't like how they don't have appetizers. I usually order an appetizer with brunch, and I don't think I'm alone, so this is kind of a missed opportunity.For dinner I've always gotten the carne asada or the carne asada tacos when they have them and haven't been dissappointed.The service here is friendly and laid-back, but honestly, a little TOO laid-back. It's always pretty slow. The bartenders, though, are great. And every drink I've had has been really tasty AND really strong. This is underrated as a drinking spot for sure, even if you're not a tequila person!
2	I really wanted to like this place. And it was not good at all. We stopped in on a Thursday night around 8:30. Salt of the Earth was too crowded, so we walked up the street to Verde. Since we anted to go here for a while but kept forgetting about it, we thought it kinda worked out that we could go there instead. The place was about 30% full. Most people were sitting outside and I think my 30% is pretty generous. We sat inside. Our waiter was very nice and welcoming. He read the specials. (there seemed to be more specials than food on the menu.) Also the descriptions of the food were so detailed that I really would have preferred if I could have read them myself. We ordered two tequila flights. For $6 each, it seemed like a bargain. Nothing was explained about what we would receive. He seemed to have read off brand names of tequila, but they could have been the names of mixed drinks. Regardless, a $6 tequila flight seemed like a good deal. For food we ordered the seviche special and the pork tacos ( also a special.) Someone promptly brought us water and chips and salsa. The chips and salsa were the first things to come out. Things were clearly not going to be good.... The salsa was green, like a tomatillo base? Maybe, but it was sweet... Didn't taste like much else. We waited a bit longer for our drinks and food. And a bit longer. The we got a fresh order of fish tacos with black beans and rice on the side. They looked great. I was hungry and I ate some of the beans and picked some veggies off the tacos. Then I remembered that we didn't order fish tacos. Fish gets fishy when fried or overcooked. The fish smell was a little too much. We eventually found our waiter and told him that we thought we had ordered the spicy pork tacos. He was like, "the pork tacos aren't spicy," and I was all "ummm.... Ok, but we didn't order fish tacos regardless." He took the tacos away. We waited some more. And ate sweet weird salsa. Then the ceviche came. The fish, which type I can't  recall now, was thick and fleshy and white. it should have been cut into smaller pieces. It was lemony and Limey. It needed salt and some other flavoring. It also didn't taste like fresh lemon or lime, but rather the bottled kind. The our tequila came. Either they were tiny mixed drinks with tequila or different kinds of tequila. One had tomato juice in it. They came with a paper label, but it didn't help. It told you about favors you might taste. Some tasted like straight warm tequila, while others tasted like mixed drinks. They were ok, but I still don't know what they are. I never saw the waiter again to ask. About 30 minutes later our pork tacos came. They were not good, the tortilla was good, as we're the pickled veggies on it. But the pork was big fat dry pieces that had been boiled. They were not tender. They should have been shredded with a lime squeezed on them. Big hard chunks of pork are not easy to eat in a soft taco shell. (The tacos came as a pair. They were large and served with a side of rice and beans. Also they were cheap... Like $10)Ugh. Nothing was expensive (about $10 for entrees), but nothing was good enough to come back. Maybe the tequila?
4	Before coming to Verde I read many reviews and they all liked the food and atmosphere as did I but all said the service was lacking.The BEST part of our dining experience was our server Matt.He was just delightful and helpful and always there with water, etc but never in theway.He knew the menu as if he created each recipe.My one star deduction was my white sangria.I asked for NO ICE.In the past when I get a glass of Sangria it is so ice filled the drink is literally water logged.This was the exact opposite, so strong and nectar overloaded it was awful AND I suppose I got the amount that one gets prior to the ice which was about 1/5th of a small fishbowl sized goblet.I thought it was embarrassing to serve it like that,  it should have put it in a smaller glass so I did not see the ridicuoulsy small amount of sangria I was actually getting.That having been said, we had the booth in the back which was lovely, and private.The restaurant was bustling with a great vibe.The host sat us immediately and brought water and chips and dip which was delicious by the way.The chips were warm, and the salsa verde was so fresh and good.My meal as were all of our meals served like mini masterpieces.It was spicey good, and plentiful.I think the place would be fabulous in he daytime when the sun would be streamingin.The outside also looked inviting, but our evening was chilly so we did not experience it first hand.Will DEF go again.Will DEF ask for Matt as our server.Will DEF not get the white sangria.
4	This was my first trip to Verde and I  normally do not write a review unless I have experienced a restaurant at least twice, but I wanted to chime in here to counter some of the negative reviews as well as to provide some perspective here.  Full disclosure, I worked in Tucson AZ for almost two years and have traveled extensively through Mexico.  So, with that...I think the food is very good Mexican food for anywhere, nearly stunning by Pittsburgh standards.    I was there with a group and we did an entire group tasting menu, complete with the house margaritas which where tasty and not too potent for a Sunday night.   The tomatillo salsa was good, with nice spicing and depth of flavor. I could have used a bit more heat but in all very well done.  We ordered some guacamole that was good, not great.  I generally like a bit more heat and flavor but clearly it was better than most I have had locally.The vegetarian empanadas were a favorite of the table, light and tasty with a great pepito sauce that gave them the right zing.   The crust was light and fluffy, reminiscent of puff pastry dough.The seviche special was swordfish and I expected tough and fishy, and got just the opposite.  Light and tasty with a great citrus and spice flavor that worked well with the simply prepared but yummy fried plantains.   The pulled port tamale was quite good, probably the best I have had in the Pittsburgh area.  I would generously compare it to those I have had in TX and AZ, with great texture and flavor throughout with just enough kick for balance.  We moved to the smoked chicken enchiladas which were very tasty, and while they were a bit heavily sauced, still quite authentic and well balanced.   I would give them a good not great if not for the really awesome smokey flavor of the chicken, that really made the dish.  The carne asada was good, again not great but a great option for the "less than adventurous" in the group.  Note that it was very well prepared, we ordered medium rare and it was perfect.  Last but certainly not least were the fish tacos, specifically mahi mahi.  They were a joy and definitely the best I have had in Pittsburgh.  The mahi was well spiced and full of flavor.  Served in classic San Diego style with cabbage and sauce, I found them to be a favorite of the meal.In all, the place is well done and I recommend it as both a place for a nice meal with friends as well as a dinner with the family.  I thought that the only drawback was the ambiance, as it was a bit too trendy and open which could work against it during a crowded night.  It was quiet the night we were there but I could see on a busy night it could be a bit on the loud side.   I highly recommend Verde!
4	Verde is simply delightful. Awesome margaritas, knowledgable friendly waitstaff, and the carne asade!!!! I'm paleo so sometimes eating in a mexican/mexi-cali environment can be challenging (because chips are great, ya know?) but I managed to order the guacamole and it was delightful. The Carne Asade was a recommendation from my waiter and I am glad I followed his rec as the meet with cooked just right, super tender, and exactly what I wanted to eat. I can't wait to go away, it was a really enjoyable meal!
4	A great first time visit overall.  We made reservations through Open Table, and got stuck in traffic on the way (we were coming from quite a bit away).  We called ahead and the staff was very accomodating when we ended up being about 10 minutes late for our reservation.  We were seated right away and ordered the fresh-made guacamole and salsa sampler to go along with the house salsa.  Everything was great with a nice variety in the sampler.  The food was excellent, we had the chicken tacos and smoked chicken enchillada.  Our server was very knowledgeable and helpful and assisted us in designing our own Tequila flights to sample from their extensive tequila menu.  Our server even recommended a new tequila that wasn't even on the menu yet, which was also excellent.  Our only complaint was the lack of parking, which admittedly goes with the territory in this part of the city.  There are just a few spots behind the building (which were all taken), so we were stuck with street parking, and the surrounding streets are not well signed, so we couldn't tell if we were illegally parked or not.  I thought the prices were reasonable for the type of restaurant- not cheap, but not overpriced either with reasonable portions.  Tequila prices were comparable to other places in the city, and the chance to customize a tequila flight is a great way to sample lots of different options without spending a fortune.  Overall, a fantastic experience, particularly for tequila lovers like us!
3	Great gluten free menu...extensive options. Ordered elotes (grilled corn) for an app...left a little to be desired. Portion was small and taste can't even compare to mexican street corn I've had elsewhere. For dinner, ordered fish tacos which were incredible. Great portion size, tasty. BF ordered GF chicken enchiladas and they were delicious as well.Atmosphere is ok, a little drafty. Cool bar....definitely a good spot for dates or plenty of room for a group. Made a reservation for Saturday night but wasn't too packed.
5	If you're looking for Mexican food, you need to come here.  The food and drinks were fantastic.  I must admit that I take pride in knowing good, authentic Mexican food, and especially margaritas.  I'm so happy we tried a sampling of several items, the appetizers, a few entrees, and even the desserts.  Everything was exeptional.  Tip:  I don't typically expect the desserts at a Mexican restaurant to be anything special, but don't leave without ordering them.  The ambiance was great, the food was great, the service was fantastic, and the margaritas were some of the best I've ever had.Glad I found this place and would highly recommend!
4	Came in at 8 on a Friday night with a big party to celebrate a friends birthday. I came in a few minutes early with a friend so we sat at the bar and had a drink while we waited for our party to arrive. The bar was pretty crowded while it looked like a lot of open tables. They also had the big back table all ready for us. I got a Caipirinha and she ordered the Forbidden root margarita. Both bartenders were nice and offered us chips and salsa. After the second offer we figured sure why not and were pleased to see a tangy tomatillo salsa that went with the chips. Once some of our party got there we closed our tab and went and sat down. More chips, more yummy salsa and another Caipirinha later we were deciding what we wanted. I believe our servers name was Joe, and he did a great job working with our large party. He made sure the drinks were full and talked to the group in half so he didn't have to keep screaming for everyone to hear him. Some of the specials sounded great that night, I wish that they printed a daily specials menu because there were so many specials I lost track of what was what as he was saying them. I went with the chicken tacos and took a bite of the fish tacos my friend ordered. Both were great! I really liked how flavorful the chicken tacos were, not dried out at all. The fish tacos were some of the best I've had around here. I usually don't order them out because I'm particular about them and tend to be underwhelmed. But, I wouldn't hesitate to order them next time I come. Great job Verde, I can't wait to come back.
3	Verde, as a restaurant, is "green" to the neighborhood.  In some ways, they are also green to subtleties of flavors.When going to Verde, you will be welcomed by a modern, industrial-chic decor and friendly waitstaff.  The drinks are also creative and the menu is original.The one area that could use some improvement is the execution of the dishes.  Although ordering two different entrees, our food was topped with the same overpowering chipolte tomato sauce.  The flavors on the Enchilandas Verduras were strangely bitter and not  at all complementary.  The Empanadas Verduras, while satisfying, were made with puff pastry dough rather than a handmade variety.  Overall, we are glad Verde exists in Garfield and we hope they do well - maybe they will after their green  has matured a little bit.
4	I don't understand why this place isn't packed all the time.  The food is really fantastic - fresh and innovative.  For Mexican - it's light and pretty healthy.  I had the chiles relenos this evening - two rather large roasted poblanos stuffed with mushrooms and rice, with a scrumptious red sauce, surrounded by perfectly roasted winter vegetables.  My dining companions had the chicken and potatoes tacos.  All were presented beautifully with unusual and flavorful sides.  We took it easy on the appetizers - just chips, salsa and guacamole - and stuck with the house margaritas which are pretty much better than anything else you'll get in Pittsburgh - no artificial mixers - just lime juice, orange liqueur and tequlia.The bar has a nice vibe with friendly and knowledgeable bartenders.  Verde easily serves the best Mexican food you'll get in Pittsburgh - get out and try it!
3	I had a decent time at Verde. It was dead when we arrived, aside from some people at the bar, so we just pulled up to the bar for our meal. The food was pretty good, and my drink was excellent. The bartenders were also really cool. Unfortunately, when I received my check, my palate laughed almost as hard as I did.Granted, we order a lot of food when we go to a restaurant for the first time. After all, we want to see if it's really worth coming back, but when you look at the cost vs. flavor that Verde is serving up, it's just not worth it...and we're the furthest people from frugal. Only two restaurants in recent memory have made me actually look at the check and feel like I just wasted money. Verde, unfortunately, was one of those places.For apps we tried the fritos de camarones y maizi. They were good, but after a few bites, became very monotonous and greasy. I found myself digging deeper in the shallow puddle of crema to add flavor. We didn't even finish the plate. I then moved on to the patatas bravas. These were okay, but the potatoes were just drenched in sauce that, again, became very bland after a few bites.For our meals, I got the fish tacos. They were good. Light and flavorful. My wife got the pork tacos, which were the special that night. Those, too, were really good. For my drink, I opted to try the veranda, and I'd recommend that to anyone...even though the bartender told me that he messed up and used Wigle rye instead of regular Wigle, it was excellent!After a blah start to our meal, I ended up being happy with our main plates. Unfortunately, I wasn't blown away enough for the cost. Don't get me wrong, the prices aren't that bad, but if I'm paying essentially $8/taco, I'm going to Yo Rita for more adventurous, filling, and impressive tacos. Is that subjective? Absolutely, but it's an opinion I'll stand behind. Verde might have the East End popularity to support it, and it's a good restaurant, but it's far from worthy of the hype.Would I go back? Sure, but as soon as we left - $95 lighter for two apps, 3 drinks, and two orders of tacos + tip), we knew that it hadn't impressed us nearly enough to become a regular spot for us.
5	The food here is freaking fantastic. Is it trad Mexican? Not especially -- but the additions and adjustments are truly fine. It gets crowded (and good for them!) so call ahead if you want to go for dinner.I love the food, but the true showstopper is their tequila selection. If I remember, there are close to 200 kinds available, on a five-tiered, wall-high shelf. Yes, please! The bar staff are really knowledgeable, and rather than a print menu, they'll offer you an iPad to investigate the spirits selection. You can also join a tequila club, where you can track all the kinds you've tried. Let me put it this way: for this dude, 2013 will be an anejo-soaked year. Grab some chips and their lip-smacking green tomatillo salsa, and try a flight or two. You won't be steered wrong.Also, be sure to try the beet margarita -- it's your standard margarita, gussied up with scrumptious beet-infused simply syrup. I'll bet you won't find it anywhere else.
5	Their brunch rules. Servers are friendly. Their bar is awesome and reminiscent of the tastes of Embury.
5	Okay I haven't been back for a year and after my first experience I told my peeps that reservations is a must. Like I said reservations are a must! Although I found it slightly peculiar that even on this visit the establishment wasn't nearly as crowded as my first experience. When my party of 4 arrived we were promptly seated. The service was excellent and the server seemed to show desire for the food that he was serving. His knowledge of the menu was good and we never felt rushed.I had the fundido which was melted cheese and tortillas appetizer I enjoyed it but everyone else in my party really enjoyed it much more than I. I then went with the Carne Asada which was phenomenal. It was way better than I thought it could be, cooked perfectly as I ordered it medium-rare, very tender and flavorful with a great presentation alongside some sweet potatoes that were coated with some Chipotle seasoning although for me a little bit too much Chipotle seasoning and I can handle my spice. Maybe next time I will order it and request a little less on the Chipotle seasoning side. Not a big deal though as I was about stuffed. I now think I found the ticket to this place, and that is simply planning ahead and making a reservation. I will most likely swing by sooner rather than later.
5	Decided to come here on a whim on a Friday night with 3 friends...We were seated immediately and even got the booth seats when we asked for them.First off, we got the Elotes for an appetizer. The corn was as sweet as corn gets and all of the flavors were wonderful.I got the chicken tacos for my entree, while two of my friends got the chicken enchiladas. We were all very impressed by the tastiness and were pretty stuffed by the end.For dessert, we couldn't decide between the tres leches bread pudding and their pineapple ice cream. The waiter was so nice that he let us have a free scoop of the ice cream on the side with the bread pudding. The hot+cold combination was so mouthwatering and I couldn't have asked for a better dessert. Great food, wonderful service, altogether a fantastic experience.
5	Verde serves the most authentic Mexican food and the best margueritas we have ever tasted outside our native Southwestern California.  We loved the ambiance, the cheerful and courteous staff, and count Verde among our favorite restaurants in the Pittsburgh region.
5	Great ambience and very good food! Quick and good service too. Will definitely go there again.
3	This is a tough review to give in that I enjoyed the food, the atmosphere, and the service but I have a tough time dropping $100 on dinner and drinks for two at a Mexican place...a nice Mexican place, but a Mexican place nonetheless. We got the corn and black bean empanadas which were amazing - the crust was moist on the inside and flaky on the outside and the Ancho slice was very tasty. I got the carne asada which was tender but could have used a bit more flavor. My wife said the fish tacos were very good. So, am I cheap or am I the equivalent of a profiler...designating which types of restaurants are worth $50 per person, disregarding the quality of the food?  Guilty as charged. Although it was good, I would rather drop $100 at Salt of the Earth down the street.
3	I like Verde. It's pleasantly decorated, the food is decent, and the drinks are alright. The outdoor patio is great in warm weather, and the wait-staff has always been friendly. That being said, it's a bit price-y by Pittsburgh standards, and I never have a huge desire to frequent this restaurant, even though I live within an easy walking distance.The food is pretty standard Americanized Mexican fare. A step above Chili's, but not as good as Cantina down in Lawrenceville. The flatbread is alright, a little salty for my taste, and the plantains are also fairly good.The drinks are all a little sweet. If you ask them which ones aren't too sweet, they'll reply with some wishy-washy explanation like, "Our drinks are all hand-crafted to perfection." Great, I'm glad your hands are all up in my business, but that seriously doesn't answer my question.I guess my point is, Verde is fine. Just fine. It's worth your time, but not your money.
2	Meh is right.  Why is Mexican food (and hipstery, slightly upscale Mexican food) so mediocre in Pittsburgh?  Went for brunch a few weeks ago and was less than impressed.  Just not much flavor in the torta I ordered, and my girlfriend's brisket hash was bland and dry.Service was okay.I might go back for salsa and chips - seems like it'd be a decent place to grab a beer on a summer night on their porch, but I'll pass on ordering anything else food-wise.
2	We ordered the brisket tamale and it was unlike any tamale I have ever had (not in a good way.) The masa was mushy and flavorless -- something was off. I had high hopes for this place but was disappointed.
5	Everytime I go to Verde I have a great experience.  The breakfast/brunch is fantastic.  Prices are reasonable.  Check out the jalapeno cream cheese/french toast (I'm not sure what it is actually called, but it is freaking phenomenal.  You'll thank me later.  (Well, just thank them actually.)The owners are always there and walking around talking to people.  The tequila is out of this world.  Great service, great food. Nothing in Pittsburgh compares.
3	It was ok - not anything great. Chips and guac was our favorite part and the atmosphere was really cool. It would be a great place to return to for drinks and try their wide selection of mezcla. The food was just over priced and not great - will go to Mad Mex the next time we want food.
3	I think the fact that I was hungry when I ate here got it an extra star.Shout out to my brunch club for exposing me to restaurants around Pittsburgh!  But in the future, we can probably pass on returning here.We went on a Sunday early afternoon for brunch.  The server was really attentive- maybe because there were on 5 other tables there...  I love the space; very clean, fun looking atmosphere.  I wanted everything on the menu but decided on the hash.  Everyone looked at their plate when the food arrived and said, "where are we going to eat after this?"  Small plates and average food for the price, unfortunately.
2	Check your bill.  They automatically add a 20% gratuity.
2	Ok, so I'm always seeking great authentic Mexican! I figured that this place would be amongst the best. To me it was eh! Starters we ordered guacamole which was decent, but needed a kick to it maybe more salt or lime... Ordered a pitcher of sangria, not what I was expecting, seemed like they took a bottle of merlot emptied it in to ice and a put a couple pieces of oranges in there.. Na uh! Not what I'm used to... Finally entree orders we carne asaeda and brisket of beef tamale... I order the steak well done ... And came out medium... The steak was very toughTo chew and was CHEWY.. I hate that! As for the brisket that my company had, that was pretty good .. They def give a good presentation and ambiance is nice .
5	I've been to Verde a few times and have never had a bad meal.  Always good.  Always fresh.  An amazing bar.  Prices are very reasonable.  tonight I had the chile relleno which was outstanding.  Very fresh and just the right portion for me.  My beloved had the mahi mahi tacos.  He thought they were much better than that other Mexican place not too far from here.  He thought they had a "kick."  Just a wonderful dining experience.  Add to that the beautiful ambiance and you have yourself a great night out.  Don't miss it.
1	A disappointment!  For me, it's not even about the argument for "authentic" Mexican food or whatever:  this restaurant offers poor service, a number of cold and oily dishes at an unreasonable price, and watery drinks (a waste if the restaurant is framed around this fancy tequila library they're so proud of).I was in a medium-sized party seeking to get some drinks; we were a maybe on food, none of us had planned to eat full meals.  When we asked for a table, we were told that tables had to be saved for customers eating dinner.  OK -- totally fair when you're slammed with reservations and have a line out the door -- but this was a SUNDAY evening before the dinner rush, and the place wasn't even half full.  We really had to insist before the manager(?) signaled to the hostess that we could be seated.So we get to looking at the menus and things look interesting, despite the high prices; we end up ordering food after all.  I decide on the special tacos -- gross!  Another commenter mentioned pork tacos filled with big chunks of awful overcooked rubberized things -- that was exactly what I was served.  These chewy pork nuggets were piled on top of what I was told were going to be "crispy" taco shells -- in actuality, oil-soaked corn tortillas -- and topped with some weird applesauce-like chutney that was so sickly-sweet I couldn't bear it.  On top of all of that, my dish was barely warm.  No wait, on top of all that, my dish was $14!  You can get good, juicy, spicy, hot pork tacos in town for three bucks.Paired with a measly 5-oz cocktail that cost $10 and had a giant thumb-shaped lemon zest garnish in it?  A total scam.  If a cocktail costs $10, you invest a little time in the garnishes, the temperature of the glass, other little details.All the mentions of slow service in other reviews are true.  Like another commenter, we sat around with our plates all sad and dirty for 20 minutes before our table was cleared.Just gross.  A yuppie scam.
2	Ugh, I wanted to like this place so since I was hankering for Mexican food. It is a nice-looking restaurant with attractive and attentive staff. Our server Courtney was a doll! The chips were good, but I let Darren have the guac to himself since I never liked the stuff. I really didn't know what to get as this fusion, trendy kind of Mexican is not my thing (I prefer traditional Mexican), so I went with the Primavera Tamales, and was underwhelmed. My chocolate rice pudding dessert was lame and had no taste even if the cinnamon chips were pretty good. Darren loved everything he had (he ordered better). Sorry guys.
5	The food was outstanding and the service was exceptional.  The food was prepared perfectly . We started with guacamole and a trio of salsas. They were all just right. My wife and I also ordered two flights of tequila to go with our apps which exemplified the difference between everyday tequilas and the unusual selection that is available here (the owners selection and the daily special).  The liquor went down very easily along with the fresh warm chips. I ordered carne asada prepared rare and it actually came out perfectly rare which is the exception not the rule around town. My wife had pollo enchiladas that were delicious.  The dessert was a wonderful Latin take on apple pie with cinnamon ice cream that alone would  bring us back.   The waiter, Kevin, was attentive but not overbearing and provided us with everything that we needed. We were able to course over selves and did not feel rushed. Verde might just be my new favorite. I am definitely going back and you should try it too.
1	Went here when it first opened, had some slow service. We chalked that up to the restaurant being new and returned recently (over a year later). STILL very bad service. They were very slow and understaffed, got one of our orders wrong and completely neglected our request for coffee. Besides what seemed like hard, stale plantains on my pancakes, the food was tasty. But it wasn't tasty enough to return and deal with horrible service.
2	Not worth the trip. Bland food. Overpriced drinks. Marginal service. Loud atmosphere.
3	The bar is still great, with an amazing list of tequilas and a decent one of mezcals. Nice cocktails too (although I did not see teh copa de fuego anymore).But this time, for the first time, I went there for food. I'd say a strong 3 stars. I had rabbit tamale. It's great to be able to eat rabbit somewhere in Pittsburgh - hard to find in supermarkets. And the tamale were good, although not very subtle. The rabbit had been smoked so you couldn't taste very much its distinctive flavor, and the spices sort of overwhelmed it too. Not a bad dish, but not very subtle overall.I would have put a 4 stars, but I found the restaurant a bit expensive for the quality of the food. I'll be back probably, surely for drinks, and perhaps to enjoy their terrasse.
4	The food is quite tasty, but the prices are high, for Mexican food.I liked the chiles rellenos quite a bit - nice sauce and good spice.  I tried the huarache which was similar to a pizza but on a crunchy corn dough I think.  It was good but not my favorite.The desserts are very good, but too large.  My friends ordered the bread pudding dessert, which was very tasty and memorable, but it was filling for two and enough food for three.  They should shrink the dessert portion sizes.Service was good (on a Sunday evening) but a little uncoordinated - two different waiters came and asked us for our dessert order.  The music (old blues songs) was nice.
1	I live nearby Verde, but had heard mixed reviews so I had never stopped by to try it until tonight & it was pretty disappointing. First, we waited at least 45 min for our meals. Our table was only 2 people, so it's not like we had a big party. The place was steady, but not packed or anything. Then once our meals came, my boyfriend took 1 cut into his chicken & there was literally A POOL OF BLOOD in it!  Not even just pink, but lots of blood. I have no idea what took them so long to get us our food, considering they barely cooked the meat. They gave him the option of having a new plate cooked for him or to order something else different from the menu & he opted for a vegetarian dish. He got this dish quicker, but i had already finished my meal by the time they were able to get it to him. I thought for sure we wouldn't be charged for his meal, but nope! They took a lousy $4 off our $60 bill. Talk about poor restaurant management! I've worked in restaurants before, and almost always the customer would have gotten their meal for free in this situation.The prices were high compared to the food portions too. You can get just as good, if not better, food at other places with not quite as small portions. (and also a lot faster too)Even though I live nearby, and the outdoor seating is nice, I won't be back. I wanted to like this place, but the whole experience was awful.
4	Couldn't wait to get to this place--thank goodness I was not disappointed, I hate when that happens!!Hubby and I went on a Saturday night, very early at 5:45, not what we wanted, but that's the only ressie time that was available via Open Table.  Anyhoo--we could have walked in until 7:00 and still gotten a seat.  Patio was open and it was a lovely night, perfect for some margaritas!  I had the hibiscus and he had the regular--both were served in rocks glasses, and although small, they were just right!We ordered the trio of salsas and also had their verde salsa. My favorite was the habanero pepita--his was the smoked chipotle, both nice and spicy and went well with the margaritas!  For dinner my hubby had the carne asada and I had the fish tacos.  While the tacos were tasty, they were just as good as anybody else's fish tacos--nothing really that special.  The black beans and rice that accompanied them were the same.  Hubby's carne asada  had a nice presentation when it came to the table, and the beef was done perfectly.  The star of the show, however, was the sweet potato gratin that came as a side with his order.  OMG--to die for--I could have eaten an entire 11x13 pan!!!  Next time I go--I will go back--I will have the chips and three salsas, a margarita, and a plateful of sweet potato gratin!
5	I went here for brunch on Sunday.  I had the breakfast burrito and it was sooo delicious.  I also tried the huevos benedictos and they too were outstanding. Loved the bloody marys and sangria too! I'll definitely be back to try this place for dinner. Great service and fun atmosphere! Very easy to make a reservation through Open Table on Verde's website!
5	Amazing food. Great atmosphere. Had brunch. Food was delayed accidentally but they addressed the problem by giving chips and half off meals as a result. The food was worth the wait. Didn't even notice it was late. Would go again.
4	This place was good....food was delicious, margaritas were great....both were much better than our other favorite local Mexican stomping ground. Only problem with this place is how pricey it is....$9 for a bowl of guacamole? Too much....the entree prices are also a little steep, delicious food, but on the higher end of what would make me turn this place into a regular stop. The tequila selection is unbeatable and the margs are fantastic. Overall....it's a great place. Just wish it wasn't priced so high.
4	This place rules!!First of all I should tell you I'm from Philly, home of delicious food. Secondly I should tell you I'm visiting my sister at Pitt, so I've had a lot of 4 & 4.5 star rated on yelp food here in pittsburgh that was sooo gross. So judge me as you may.But verde was amazing. I can't believe this has 3.5 stars &  DeLucas has 4 (by the way my food was free at DeLucas today because it was so gross and I barely touched it) Our bartender (Allie!!) was incredible-- the drinks were so soothe & balanced. The food was delicious, reasonably priced. Ambience great, people friendly.
5	Always a tasty meal. I have never been disappointed here. The food is amazing and I do believe it is all fresh ingredients and no MSG. Margaritas are okay...I wish they were a bit stronger. I wanna taste the booze, but that's just me....I want more :)
2	I really wanted to like you Verde. The atmosphere is super fun at this little gem in Garfield, but the blandness of the food/drinks/staff was just sad.We came here later in the evening hoping to sit on the patio for some drinks-the place was empty and the less than charming hostess told us we couldn't sit on the patio unless we ordered food.So, after looking around at all the open tables inside and out --perplexed we walked inside where the bartender said we could sit out at this cute couch set up outside. Hooray! We ordered chips and salsa and margaritas. The margaritas were meh, and the chips and salsa tasted like they were from Giant Eagle. I hate to complain but if you are a Mexican restaurant you should, baseline, have delicious margaritas and chips and salsa....sigh.Pros: atmosphere, cute couch setup
3	Verde has the best Mezcal list I have ever seen. But be willing to pay top dollar for such variety and rarities. If you come here be ready to drink, because that is where this place really shines.The food on the other hand isn't so amazing. By no means is it poor, but after eating entrees here five times I have always left feeling underwhelmed. Is it because the price/quality ratio is skewed slightly in the direction of $ signs? Maybe. Is it because there is always just something a little off (i.e. chicken overcooked)? Perhaps.Now the decor is modern and hip, but what could really set this place off is if the waitstaff could just step it up a tiny bit to match the vibe. They are always adequate, but when entrees are between 25 and 30 dollars I do expect the staff to go the extra mile. Often, the servers don't know the daily specials, what beer they have on tap, or can't answer questions about the stellar Tequila and Mezcal list. Don't get me wrong, everyone is always extremely friendly, but a more knowledgeable staff could really set Verde apart.
3	I wanted to love this place. I had been dying to try it since it opened.We got here early...like maybe around 6:20 or so on a Friday. It seemed pretty slow upon arrival. There were not many people inside or outside. But when we said we had two people for dinner, the host said, "do you have reservations tonight?" No...Then she said the restaurant was full with reservations! What! I've worked in the service industry since I was 16 years old. Unless it is Mother's Day or Christmas Eve or something, I have never heard of a restaurant reserving practically the entire place out. (The night we went was not a holiday or special occasion). So, that turned me off. We got a table on the patio, which was fine, but I couldn't believe that.The food was pretty good, which made up for the just ok mojito and the reservations full restaurant. I got a special for the night...lamb sweetbread with sweet potato tacos. The tacos were pretty bomb. The meal was served with two tacos and a side of rice and beans. The rice and beans were really good (a bit too spicy for me...I'm a spice wuss), and the tacos were filling and not skimpy on ingredients.I was disappointed at the lack of variety on the menu. But the meals we got were good, nevertheless. My date got some kind of like rolled thing with mole sauce on top, and he said it was very good and some kind of sweet. Sounded and looked awesome. His dish came with three rolled up thingies and a side of rice and beans. I kind of wished I had ordered that until I tried my own and liked it, too.So...hm...Verde, I'm just not sure whether to like you just yet! I would have to come back and try another menu item, as I'm not sure if I'm a fan of the menu since I only tried a daily special. I would come back.
5	My name is Duncan and I'm an 8 year old Staffy Bulldog. My mom and dad have taken me to eat on the patio at Verde 3x's. The first 2 times Dad shared the his absolutely fabulous chicken dinner with me but last night both of the P's wanted something spicy. Mom got the scallop special which she LOVED! She still can't figure out the exact combination of flavors that were in the corn creme, cilantro? dried peaches? very tasty and interesting. Dad got the fish tacos and YUM! So what was I to do? John, my favorite waiter in the world, sold my dad a small bowl of chicken they roasted in the kitchen just for ME! I'm so glad Mom and Dad love the food at Verde and that dogs are welcome on the patio, they said we will be going back a lot!!!!
3	Verde is a super cool, modern, funky Mexican inspired restaurant in the Garfield neighborhood. The decor is sleek yet comfortable. The unique wall murals are colorful and inspired. There is outdoor seating with a garage style door leading outside and letting the breeze blow inwards. If I was rating Verde on decor and ambience alone, this would be a 5 star review.Verde boasts that they have the largest tequila selection in all of Pennsylvania. I have no idea if that's true or not, but I can tell you the tequila menu is beyond extensive. They have creative and yummy cocktails and the bartenders are quite skilled.  The house margaritas are among the best I've tasted. On my last visit to Verde I discovered the Black Rose craft cocktail, which contains blanco, Red Star Kombucha, blackberry, lime and a sprig of rosemary. I'm not a big drinker, but this is one incredible drink. A must try, I dare say. If I was rating Verde on drinks alone, this would be a 4.5-5 star review.But a girl's gotta eat. I was excited to try some of the vegetarian offerings listed on The Verde menu. My first visit both my wife and I got the Yukon Gold potato tacos, and I remember liking them. Not the best I've ever had, but what they lacked was mostly made up for by the side of spicy rice and beans. Plus they come upright in a really fun taco type holder, which I've never seen elsewhere (and I looooove tacos). This past visit to Verde we were excited to branch out and try different vegetarian dishes, as we had looked online before heading out to see the menu had changed slightly. The potato tacos were no longer offered, now instead there were tempeh tacos in that slot. Sounded good, with veggies and a tomatillo salsa. Count me in. There are only two other vegetarian entrees to choose from currently, and when given the choice between enchiladas and tacos, tacos always win. Well, these weren't great. Adjectives that come to mind are "edible", "bland" and "boring". I was hoping for so much more! We decided that even though the tacos weren't winners that we would try dessert. We ordered the sopapillas, which sounded great in the description. What could be bad about fried dough with cinnamon sugar, guava infused honey and chocolate cherry ice cream? Well, again, they weren't bad, but even in my slightly tipsy state where everything should taste amazing, these didn't deliver. The dough was over fried, the ice cream had almost no detection of the chocolate and cherry favors I was promised. And for sharing for two people, I thought the portion size was small for the price and the underwhelming nature of what we got. You go out to eat for a variety of reasons, but I always want to be wowed by the food, as well as the overall experience. I'm not wowed by the food at Verde. Sure, I like the ambience, the cocktails, and in my experience the service has been ok. But will any of these things make me rush back to Verde for the food? I'm not so sure.
5	Some of the best mexican food I've ever had.  Amazing flavorful food with some interesting dishes I hadn't heard of before.  And the best Tequilia list I've ever seen.  I loved the various flight options available to sample the various tequilas.  The staff were very happy to help us making our selections.  The interior is very modern and artsy with a nice fun atmosphere.  This place tends to get busy so a reservation may be a good idea.
4	Restaurant week menu was awesome. Well worth the price. The margarita was delicious and refreshing instead of sickly sweet.
3	Came here for Restaurant week and it was busy. That's probably why the service was so so so slooow. It was painful. But the server was very nice. Food was just okay (mussels for appetizers, carne asada for entree, bread pudding for dessert). Carne asada was way too tough and not very flavorful. Bread pudding probably was the best part. Drinks were just okay- pina colada and paloma
3	The owner came to bus the table beside ours and sat to have a conversation. The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful. So I don't want this 3/5 to be misconstrued- by all means go to this Latin flare restaurant and try each of their, approximately, one million tequilas. But prepare to pay for the experience. I could stand a bit more quality for the price. The atmosphere is super relaxed and funky and the food was pretty good. My only complaints are their lack of queso dip for the chips and the price. But if these aren't a turnoff for you, please try it out.
4	Four of us dined at Verde during Restaurant Week last week and Yay, I am indeed a fan! It's very cool and modern inside with tons of windows and a bar that lights up to reflect their amazing selections of tequila. I didn't realize this was Garfield until it popped up on Yelp. I would have guessed Friendship & I guess I was incorrect.I would consider this restaurant to be a high end, chef inspired Mexican restaurant with some really interesting flavors and menu options that elevates it beyond what one thinks of in a traditional Mexican restaurant. We started with a pitcher of margaritas and all 4 of us got the Special Price Fixed Menu - 2 carnivores, 2 vegetarians and all of us had fun selections. The veggie girls got the corn appetizer and it looked and they both said tasted awesome and they swirled their corn repeatedly into their dipping sauces until none remained. We got the marinated mussels with lime, tomatilla salsa and cilantro. Served sans shells and those mussels didn't last long because they were delicious. Marinated to perfection with tons of flavor.Entrees for the girls were the Seitan Tacos and I thought they might lick their plates. Our Carne Asada was tequila marinated steak with cream corn and what I later discovered was a huitlacoche puree. Our waiter was kind enough to ask for me because I loved the black puree on my plate and had no idea what it was. It's a black fungus that grows on Mexican corn and they turn it into a tasty puree. Turns out it's used a lot in Mexican cuisine. We all loved our Tres Leches Bread Pudding desserts with apricot rum puree and grilled peaches. It was so delicious and swirling it around in that sauce was amazing. My hubby said it was the best bread pudding he's ever had. He may be right! Would I return to Verde Mexican Kitchen & Cantina - in a heartbeat! In fact, can we go now?
3	You won't find a better margarita in the Pittsburgh area.  That's because Verde starts with really excellent Tequila and they don't make them too sweet.  I enjoy the food, but over the 8 times that I have been to Verde, I find the quality somewhat uneven.  I will admit, much of their food is delicious, it's just that I don't know if I can count on them.  The decor is great, and the service is excellent, I really like the wait staff.
5	I wouldn't call this 100% authentic Mexican food or even Mexican with a Spanish flair. We did, however, coin a new term: "Mex-ish" - which doesn't mean we didn't like it. It means our meal was a delicious interpretation of both styles, creating a new identity and profile for familiar ingredients.The chips were warm, fresh, and crunchy. The salsa was a green tomato variety, with a refreshing vinegar finish. Our beers were icy cold and both served with ripe, juicy limes.I had the brisket tamales with red rice and black beans on the side. My husband had the pork chop special with pineapple salsa, kale, and a hybrid mole black bean sauce. The execution was spot on: My tamales were moist and full of flavor, and the brisket could have stood up to any regular BBQ brisket out there. My husband's pork chop was tender and perfectly seared.Our server was attentive yet did not rush us through the meal.We will absolutely be planning a return visit - this time, to sample a 5- or 8-course tasting menu.
3	The tequila selection is probably one of the best that I have seen. If you are into tequila defiantly check this place out. The food was good but nothing that exciting. Salsa is so so. Just regular ol' pico de gallo.
2	Great margarita and chips. Delish corn app. The rest of the food and service was subpar, unfortunately. Our order was taken to the wrong table, apparently, but no one thought to tell us. We waited and waited, and finally were able to snag our waitress to inquire about our order. She said she'd just inquired and that it would be right out. Waited and waited, still no food. Waitress avoiding us, finally go find her & ask again. She says she has no idea why food not out but manager will speak with us. During all this, we have food from 3 other tables brought to us in error. Our food finally comes out. Salad warm, beans and rice cold.  Manager finally comes over to sort of apologize. Has an attitude even though we had been only waiting for food - not fussing or getting mad. Waitress still avoids us and we have to flag her down for bill.  Frustrating and not particularly good. They did comp 2 desserts.
4	We have heard about the place for quiet some time now and we decided to give it a try. The atmosphere when you walk in is very nice and friendly with a modern ambient. The service was fast and friendly as well. Coming to the food I really liked my plate which was on the special menu (Lomo de Cerdo - pork sirloin wrapped in bacon with sweet potato puree). It was nicely cooked and presented and the portion was just enough! The margarita I ordered was also great. In general, it was a nice place that I could be going back.
4	Spicy watermelon margarita is very refreshing. Chocolate taco with vanilla ice cream is so good.
5	Awesome Margaritas!!! Good tequila selection. Menu is awesome! Their restaurant week menu was so great. I am gluten free and it is so refreshing to see a place label their normal menu with gf options!! Made my day!!! Also have had the fish tacos. Amazing! I wish Verde was closer to my house! Regardless I will be back! Gluten free people- the staff knows their stuff and I had no problems with the food.
2	Solidly meh.  The service got a lot better over the last two years, but the food isn't worth the price they're charging for it.    $37 last weekend got us out of brunch with three solidly meh tacos, a breakfast burrito, and a single iced tea (including tax and tip, but still, almost forty bucks!)The tacos were pretty bland, and for that price, they should have *sang*.  The burrito was incredibly bland; cumin, chili powder, cilantro, anything would helped it along.  It felt like bad hippie food.That all said, the drinks at the bar are great, and I'd strongly recommend them.  I just wouldn't go here if food was the primary draw, much the same way I wouldn't recommend the Sharp Edge for its food, at all.At this point, I wish something else had went into this spot.
3	First off, the ambiance of the restaurant was extremely comforting and inviting.  It was definitely not what I expected in that location. (I believe that the location was previously an Eat-N-Park restaurant, so this place is definitely an upgrade!)  I was really impressed with the decor.However, that being said, I thought that for the price of the food and the surroundings, my overall impression of the restaurant was just okay.Here's my assessment of the food:Salsas - Decent (For a dollar, you couldn't complain.  However, these are usually free in most restaurants.)Antojitos -* Wings - Okay (Barely seasoned)* Queso Stuffed Pepper - Fire breathing, sweat inducing, tongue blazing hot and not much else!* Puffed Hominy - Tasty* Chicharones - Meh! (Had them in Miami at El Palacio De Los Jugos and there is absolutely, positively NO COMPARISON!  Like comparing a Ford Pinto to a Rolls Royce!  The chefs at Verde need to take a trip southward!)Pollo Tacos - Barely any flavor and for almost $5 per taco, I can whip up better in my kitchen and have sides.Overall, the rug didn't match the curtains, in my opinion!
2	Verde is a great place for socializing with friends in a great outdoor atmosphere over decent, but pricey food. In the summer, the restaurant opens its garage-door wall to the warm air and puts out tables and chairs on the patio--sit here, but prepare to wait if you come on a Friday evening. The food is decent--my pollo asado (roasted chicken) with yuca fries were good but not great (for ~$18 there was a little too much chicken). The white sangria with ginger is refreshing, but very pricey ($23 for a pitcher). The Mexican food is not the best in PGH and the vegetarian entrees DO disappoint. Overall, a nice experience if you're willing to pay.
2	Very meh. So let me lead with my bias - I used to live in a heavily Mexican/Salvadorean part of Baltimore city (Highlandtown), and while there ate some of the best Mexican and Latin American food I've ever had. I have also traveled around Mexico, and have experienced both street food and Mexican fine dining. Verde failed at both. Their food lacks flavor, and is not at all true to the spirit of Mexican food. One example - they offered an appetizer with huitlacoche (a corn mushroom prized in Mexico) that did not have even the faintest flavor of this mushroom. Everything on the menu was overpriced too. I guess I expected more at this price range. Won't be returning, at least not for their dinner prices.
2	The two stars for Verde is for its food. I'd give it three stars for its drinks. This is my second time eating at Verde and the food just doesn't hold up. Tonight I ordered two appetizers for my meal. The Mexican chicken wings and the fried brussel sprouts. I had to send back the brussel  sprouts because they were burnt and tasted as such. I replaced this dish with the fingerling potatoes which came out overdone. The flavors didn't mesh at all. I don't know what happened to the caramelized onion puree, but what stood prominent were the chewy potatoes with a very saturated smokey taste of chorizo. I'm such a fan of chicken wings and was really looking forward to these because I also love chimichurri. I was also disappointed with this dish. The wings were overdone and very dry and were dipped in tasteless chimichurri sauce. You eat with your eyes first. The inattentive presentation of both dishes also dampened my dining experience.The dining room is nice and the noise level was average and didn't interfere with normal conversation. I definitely will not come back for food. I was tempted to order the tacos, but when I took a peek at the tacos brought to the table next to me, they looked really small and not worth the price. I'll only come back for a cocktail.
1	This place isn't what it used to be - the new chef is bringing it down!   The portions are micro sized, the prices are high and the meals don't even come with any sides.  You used to get tacos with chunks of meat or fish, and now they are 3 mini sized tacos for $16, no sides and the meat is tiny diced pieces of fish or chicken.  Horrible!  I've never seen it so empty on a Friday night - but clearly word is spreading. I'd be surprised if this place stays open for another year!
2	First time there...food was decent but the portions were very small for the price. Also, sides like rice and beans were extra. It is very nice inside and the service was good. However, I really wasn't impressed with the overall experience. Probably will go back and give it another try though.
2	Food was definitely overprice for the two small tacos you receive. Fish tacos were $14 with a small side of beans. I left the place hungry... and what Mexican place doesn't serve chips and salsa before you meal? Also, the food was cold when it reached our table. Margaritas were average at best.Wait staff was good, but food runners had no idea who ordered what. I won't be going back anytime... how difficult is it to mess up Mexican?
2	I've had a Verde review in my drafts for two months, and it's constantly changing.  I've had a couple spectacular meals with very meh service, and disappointing meals with spectacular service.  Never can seem to get it quite right.  A recent brunch experience sums up my thoughts:  On a quiet Sunday morning (4 tables filled?) they lost our order for an hour and ended up comping it.  The dish that came out was a bit different than the menu, but was possibly the best brunch dish I've ever had.  I came back a few weeks later and ordered the same dish, only to have it be half the size, luke-warm, and missing several ingredients I'd loved the first time.If they put the same creativity and portion size we got when they were trying to make up for poor service into every meal, I'd be back once a week.
5	Came in from out if town and tried this out with my best friend. Had the guacamole, so yummy.  We shared the tamales & short rib tacos.  Tamales had a little kick to them and were so delicious.  They had great flavor & portions were good.  Short rib tacos were yummy too. Must have the red sangria! It's infused with Rosemary!!
4	Guacamole. That's all you need. That and margaritas. Boom. Good meal. But really both were delicious. The food was okay, nothing out of this world but I still enjoyed it. The bartenders were awesome and really entertaining to talk to. Good experience all around.
4	Love the lunch specials - have tried the mac&cheese and the pumpkin tacos. Had the guac each time and it does not disappoint. Thank you for having interesting veg options! Staff is attentive and fun.
5	Great place! Guac was nice and fresh, chips weren't "from Giant Eagle" as others have said. I had the pollo en mole poblano. The chicken was juicy and the skin/breading was crispy, the mole was flavorful. I was hesitant about the brussel sprouts because they looked burnt, but they taste amazing, theyre tender and tasty on the inside and you get ZERO "burnt" taste. I also had the tequila sampling of the staff's picks, each was nice and after I discussed with the cute bartender my preferences she suggested another one of their tequila's and actually poured me a sample of that too. My friends had tacos and said they were worth it and quite tasty even compared to some of the famous taco stands they've been to. I'll be back
4	We had tacos with spicy pork shoulder and pollo confit mole.  Both dishes were great.  Atmosphere was warm and cozy, House margarita was good but too expensive and the service was ok.   However, we WILL go back.
5	This is seriously one of my favorite places to take people when they come into town and ask for something other than fries on a sandwich. I love just about everything in the menu and the staff is also attentive and helpful if you're not sure what to get.
2	Meh. That's what I have to say about Verde. For the price and the decor, you'd think the food you'd be getting would be far better. The bar is AWESOME, the drinks are great. The food...... is not. First of all, any mexican restaurant should provide chips and salsa, not charge 2$ for it. I got an appetizer that stated it was 'cheese and peppers served with tortillas'.. What i got was what looked like pan of melted cheese with two tiny sliced pepper slivers in the middle and cold tortillas on the side... And it was 9$!! I probably won't go back for the food, but I would definitely return to the bar.
2	We went earlier this year for the Valentines day tasting menu, which was good.  We went again last friday and weren't impressed.  Guac - very creamy and had no salt at all.  tasted like it was from a jar.  Chicken Flautas - The sauce was pretty good, the flautas themselves were quite bland.  Portion was small for the price.  Veggie Tacos - these were good.  veggies were fresh and sauce was tastyChicken Enchiladas w/ Mole sauce - Terrible.  These were basically the above flautas covered in mole sauce.  Never before have I had an enchilada that was crunchy and had pureed chicken inside. maybe 1 spoon of feta cheese sprinkled on top.  Drinks - wife had a white sangria which was good, I had a wine which was fine as well.  Service was friendly, if a bit slow.  Overall - go to Mad Mex.  better and cheaper food.
2	As many have mentioned in other reviews - don't go here for the food!!!It is truly that bad...  It probably gets 1 star for food quality.  Forget about the prices.  For 10 dollars, you get two small tacos, and 8 dollars get your two small flautas.  Basically serving sizes are smaller than Taco Bell dollar menu - in all honesty I rather have taco bells tacos.  This place makes Chipotle seems likea  Michelin star "Mexcian" establishment.  Overall, there is much to be desired....  However, the staff is really nice, very receptive and attentive.  The ambient is pretty decent, which makes drinking enjoyable.  It gets about 3-4 stars in this aspect. I would recommend this place for the atmosphere and the drinks, but definitely not the foods.  Eat somewhere else then go to this place... or just bring food from somewhere else to eat there.
1	Went here once for dinner last year and never will again. The food and drink that I did eventually have were excellent. However, our server was THE WORST that I have ever encountered. We were seated and ignored for approximately 30 mins before our server came over and jokingly said he was sorry for the wait even though the place was "pretty dead". I am convinced he was either high or drunk because he could not tell us what the specials were and would stare off or wander away from our table in mid sentence. I would have left sooner if my date had not convinced me to say and we weren't so hungry. Just got drinks an hour into being there. When he was finally able to take our order, the food came out quickly and we ate it quickly since we had by now been there about an hour and a half. I was so upset after this that I wrote an email detailing the experience to the owner. He didn't seem too surprised or apologetic. I was offered a free round of drinks next time I came in which is insulting and ridiculous. What part of "I am never coming back here again" didn't you get????
4	Stylish place with a nice patio (when open). Food is decent enough, but really the place to come if you like Tequila. Four hundred types of Tequila on stock.
4	I went to Verde for the first time several weeks ago for brunch. My husband and I were checking off our list of restarants we still need to try in Pittsburgh, and Verde was on the list. I have heard mixed reviews from friends, but of course, had to try it for myself. As I first walked in, I noticed the minimalist, modern decor, and immediately felt at home. All of the colors are earth tones, so it softened the modern look, and made the place feel homey.I also noticed the enormous selection of tequilas on the wall. I'm not a big tequila fan, but I would think that tequila lovers would appreciate the selection here. We were seated in a corner near the bar area, and because I sat on the inside, I had a great view of the lovely restaurant the entire time.On Sundays, they do Sangria Sundays. I love sangria, so this was perfect. I had the white sangria, and it was delicious. Not syrupy. Not too sweet. Not loaded with too too much fruit. Not too much ice. Just right. We then decided to start with the chips and a variety of salsas. The chips were fresh (and gluten free-yay!) and I especially enjoyed the verde salsa. Imagine that!My wonderful experience faded somewhat after this point. Our server was very knowledgeable about the gluten free options on the menu (which are all clearly marked on the menu by the way!), but wasn't very attentive, in general, throughout our meal. I had the fish tacos, and they fell a little flat. For $14, they should have been spectacular. The side of homemade refried beans was delicious, but the tacos were not cohesive at all. It was as if they dumped in some ruby red grapefruit and a tiny portion of overcooked fish and called it a day. My husband had the huevos benedictos, and it was good. The hollandaise had a fun, spicy kick to it, and the kale was a nice addition. For $8, it was much more reasonably priced for the quality.I would like to go back and experience dinner, and of course go back at happy hour to enjoy the absolutely delicious sangria and chips with green tomatillo salsa. Because our meal also consisted of food that left me a bit on the fence, I have to tone down the excitement of my review. Still, a spot worth trying.
3	Verde, verde, what can I say...I love your decor and space, however the food has been hit or starve. I went once for lunch and enjoyed the Torta and chips, it was just filling enough but for the price, a 12 or 13 dollar sandwich should leave you with leftovers. Then I had the eggs benedict, which was served without sides and for brunch. For those who don't know, brunch is a combination of lunch and dinner and should be more filling than the average meal, justifying its possible extra cost. This eggs benedict left me hungry. The salsa has changed many times, and it its most recent iteration, it is kind of like BBQ sauce or chutney. If you go to this place hungry, and want brunch, I recomend the ham torta, which has an egg on it and is more filling than other dishes. Overally, this place is fine and would be GREAT if they lowered the prices.
4	Verde has a contemporary, fun atmosphere and is one of my favorite places to go for drinks.  The bar tenders are knowledgeable and friendly.  The drinks are truly superb, and they won't hesitate to try to make something special for you to suit your tastes.  They have over 200 types of tequila (the most in the entire state of PA), and can tell you all about them!  The flights offer a chance to sample the different kinds.  The only bad thing I have to say is that I am not a fan of the food.  I love traditional authentic Mexican food, and Verde seems to offer a contemporary American version of Mexican food.  But for drinks and a fun atmosphere, you can't beat this place!  Some of the negative reviews I saw on Google, I believe, come from folks who are looking for more of a family style restaurant.  This is definitely more of a fun atmosphere geared towards a younger crowd who is there to sit and have a good time as opposed to eating and running.
3	I just went to a yelp event here. The Yelp event was great the owner status about tequila it was wonderful. But then, I tried to order to go food because I was in a hurry. As I was sitting there are many of the other yelpers also ordered food. All of them were offered chips n salsa, I was not. I know that sounds stupid and petty but just wait... So the people sitting next to me get their food... I am expecting my order to come very very soon since I was in a hurry. The bartender comes back over and tells me that the order was never put in...ugh!  So, I put in my order again and wait.... when everyone else is done eating, my food finally comes. I hurry out to the car because now I'm 20 minutes late. Just as I turn the corner I think Gee maybe I should check to make sure all of my food is there... guess what! It wasn't... are you kidding me? So, I turn around and go back to get the rest of my food... at no point does anyone seem overly concerned... then they tell me oh it was there it just wasn't bagged... so now I'm 40 minutes late...the food is cold and I'm just pissed about the whole situation.... ok. Rant over.EDIT -- Ok, so it has been about a week now and I am thinking I may have been a little harsh with the one star here. This review was written right after I took my first bite of food and realized it was already ice cold... So, after heating it back up I would like to say:The mushroom tacos were very goodFish tacos were a little dry and mushy, but this may have been because we had to reheat them and the lettuce, etc was already on topThe SO said that the chicken tacos were ok, but that he liked the mushroom morethe brussel sprouts did not fair well to be reheated (plus they just aren't my thing to begin with)Other things to note: I was surprised with how small the "family style" portions were. There was about 1/3-1/2 cup in the mushroom, 1/2-3/4 cup in the fish, and about a whole cup??(I didn't eat this so I'm not sure) in the chicken. I just expected more for some reason.
4	I dined at Verde after a Yelp event today. I must admit that without the preceding Yelp event, I would've given this restaurant a 3 star review. However, the event made the drink menu truly come alive, and I would definitely come back to just hang out at the bar.My husband, friend, and I snagged a table after the event. We were told by the hostess that the table would be needed at 7:30. Since it was only 5:30, we reassured her that we would definitely have left by then. Our waitress was polite, and the food arrived promptly. However, though the service was solid, it wasn't necessarily amazing.We started with the chips and green tomatillo salsa. This appetizer is a great, inexpensive way to start off your meal. The portion size is petite but enough for the amount paid and for all of us. We decided to order the large family style tacos to share, which ended up being the perfect amount of food for three. We selected the Pescado, Carnitas, and Barbacoa with corn tortillas. The tortillas were very tasty, but the taco fillings left a little bit to be desired. They just needed more flavor! I am not a spicy food fan - I order my Thai food at a 2 or 3 spice level - but could've used more spice here. My favorite taco was the Barbacoa as the jalapeno feta packed a tasty punch.Though I do think Verde is overpriced ($39 for 9 tacos?), I would be willing to check it out again. Plus, the owner mentioned that Verde will be doing roasts (with pineapple!) on the patio this summer... Sign me up!! I will be there with a group of friends!
4	I have been super curious about this place since it opened a while ago. I suggested to a friend to meet up there one night recently- there was some sort of daily special with $3 tequila shots (I'm not sure the exact deal). Now I'm not a big tequila fan, but I love Tex Mex and it seemed to be something different. I walked in and I absolutely love the decor. I had seen it from the street biking by many times, and the way it's lit and the colors- it seems very high end and inviting. I'd love to come back another time on a date or dress up and go with a couple of friends. My friend and I go to the bar and take a look at the menu. I was pleasantly surprised at the variety of the menu and the extensiveness of the food and beverages. I couldn't believe they did lunch, brunch with a plethora of good looking dishes and drinks. And of course its claim to fame is supposedly having a larger tequila selection than any other restaurant in PA, which is definitely the highlight here. The bartender was very knowledgeable about the different types of tequila (as they should be), and he helped us select 3 or 4 small shot samples to try. The quality of the tequila was incredible- ranging from smooth to smokey, some with incredible flavors- not at all what I had experience drinking before. The chips and salsa were incredible, and- most importantly to me (!)- the guacamole was delightful! I fully admit my subjectivity when reviewing Mexican or Tex Mex restaurants, because I tend to judge/rate them by the quality of the guac. One drawback I have about Verde is that the menu is pretty expensive, probably a bit too expensive for the dishes they made. I will definitely go back for another meal and hopefully the brunch sometime- it seems that most people here have good things to say about it.
4	After a tequila class the wife and I stayed for dinner and I enjoyed my experience very much. We ordered the family style tacos where they deliver the various ingredients needed to build your own tacos. You get to choose from a variety of proteins and they all come with beans and rice for your taco building pleasure. I enjoyed the taco's very much but I would have enjoyed it if the proteins were a little more packed with flavor. I felt the flavors were more subtle but still very good. If I had one complaint it would be that the plates are too small. I'm not sure if everyone receives the same plates we did, but we only had these clear rectangular flat plates that weren't even the width of the tacos we were building. I, of course, was spilling rice and beans all over the table as the plates was not efficient enough to catch the falling foods from my tacos. Over all I really liked this place. The Tequila collection is extensive and the decor and over all feel of the restaurant was awesome. If you are in the area please stop and have a real margarita and taste some of the best Tequila you will find anywhere in the burgh.
2	This is the second time I've eaten here, and the quality of the service was pretty low both times. The first time, I gave them the benefit of the doubt because it was packed (it was after a first friday event), and our waiter was preoccupied with a really annoying picky woman at the table next to us who kept demanding things. He was, shall I say, innattentive. Whatever, the food was really good, and despite cold drafts from the door, we had a pretty good time (although we would have ordered more drinks if we could have gottent the waiters attention). This last time was on Valentines day. I made a reservation and specifically asked to have a table away from the door. The guy taking my reservation confirmed that request, but when we showed up, the hostess put us RIGHT BY THE DOOR, even though there were several open tables. So I had to ask her to move us to one of those, which she begrudgingly did. The server we had was equally inattentive, even though the place wasn't particularly busy (even though it was Valentines day). We lacked some silver ware, and though we asked him for some, he never brought it. I had to go steal some fro one of the empty tables. The food was still really great, though, but I don't think I'll be heading back here...
3	I was here after a Yelp event, so I was lucky to get a seat at the bar early and I didn't give it up until I left much later when the restaurant was getting packed.  I love the chips and pico, both are fresh and tasty.  The chips have that flaked sea salt that's just heaven when it melts on to a freshly-fried chip.  The pico de gallo is heavenly - zingy from fresh lime, mellow from tomatoes, a little spicy from onions, and tangy from cilantro.I also had a pollo taco on a soft flour tortilla.  The flavors were great and you can tell all of the ingredients walked in the door that morning.  I would have liked a bigger portion, though with each taco coming in at $5, you can tell you're supposed to try a few to make a meal out of it.The bartenders were on their game when the event started, and while they were still friendly, it was hard to catch them after the event when the restaurant had filled.  I don't blame them at all, it would just have been nice to get a little acknowledgement as they passed that they'd be with me next/soon, though.I had a jalapena cocktail and it was the most expensive thing I ordered.  You're paying for quality; it was spicy and sweet and very delicious.  A fellow Yelper turned me on to this cocktail- it isn't on the menu yet, but it will be back on soon.  In the meantime, order it from Rachel, she said!Pros: If you have an appreciation and love for tequila, this is your place.  I'm not at that point yet, and if it were closer to my house, I would probably get to that point quickly!  It is a little pricey, but it's quality.Cons: price, small parking lot (though kudos for having one), spotty service when busy.
2	I know I am picky about my Mexican tastebuds, and I just cannot find much food I love here. I am Southwest Spoiled.I am sure this is a great place for those who adore tequila more than me but it really is more of a fancy booze place then a great restaurant. The prices seem great until you see your smaller portions then at that rate you need to order more food. We tried the double guac app which came with a little pork belly. The pork belly was great but one of the guacs was swapped in over salty queso cheese and honestly it was borderline gross. Way too much salt packed into a little punch not enough fresh garlic or lime or cilantro flavors in their guac. I ordered the chicken enchiladas they were new American style meaning not baked they used corn tortillas (not a great choice if you love soft enchiladas. Their was some odd white sauce with the chicken which was nicely cooked, very tender. The rice was overly bland and beans were just ok. In short I doused the thing in Cholula and longed for my own mole pulled pork enchiladas. The drinks: we had mojitos the first ones were good the second had way too much lime juice. I guess as the night wore on less care was taken. I could say the same for our waiter he was very attentive until after our appetizer came then we barely saw him. The positives its a very nice space to eat in, we were able to be seated on a feb sat night within a half hour. But next year I'll be sticking to my first choice for a birthday dinner. If you're wanting authentic flavors you won't find them here more new american mexican. I think with a little help this place could be great but it is just isn't.
2	Went on a Friday night, took about 20 mins to be seated, server was polite but not nearly as attentive as one should be in a restaurant. After a long wait for our food, she did ask if everything was okay but after that, she walked past us at least 5 or 6 times, never asking about refilling our drinks.  What prompted me to publicly write this negative review was that the hostess came to us, told us they booked a party for 11 people and needed us to move!! Upon speaking with the manager who apparently doesn't understand his role in addressing issues that come up, we were able to remain in our seats.  About 10 minutes later, another server came to ask if we needed refills but at that point I was just ready to leave.  Our original server never came back, we weren't offered dessert.  Can't say that I'd go back or even recommend it to anyone.  Quite the disappointment!
2	I've eaten here a handful of times and have had a mediocre experience or even less than mediocre each time I have visited. I wish this place were more like Smoke in Homestead, or even Edgar's in the Strip (those are two excellent examples on how to make delicious tacos), but it's not even close. The tacos lack flavor and are far too expensive for food that's not nearly as good as I can make at home. I sent the steak tacos back once because they had nearly no flavor. Another time we ordered the guacamole and it was made with unripe avocados. I gave it one final chance after they sent out an email saying they had retooled their menu, but the tacos were still incredibly disappointing. It's frustrating given it's one block from my house. I'd go here at least once a week if the food were better.
4	I'm going to go ahead and give a review update here, mostly because last night was the first time I've had dinner at Verde. I came last night with a group of friends and immediately ordered a pitcher of margaritas coupled with the glorious chips and (particularly good) salsa, along with some tasty gaucamole. On top of this amazingness, I also tried the sopa blanca and tacos hongos. These were both perfectly flavored and seasoned, particularly the tacos. I don't think I've ever had mushroom tacos that good ever. The service was good, considering it was a very busy Saturday night, and I always enjoy the ambiance and people watching opportunities. The only reason this isn't a 5-star rating for me is that even for how good it is, I still consider the food to be significantly overpriced. First, 9 dollars for gacamole and chips? Really? This would cost about half as much at almost any other restaurant in the city. Also, my two small mushroom tacos ran 10 bucks, which is also about twice as much as two tacos at Cantina down the street. Although the quality of the food is hard to beat, I'd consider other places to meet my Tex-Mex needs on the regular and save this place for special nights.
5	The vibe is really great and the food is awesome.  Verde seems to have changed some things with their menu and it's made eating there a lot more affordable and attractive.  Sat at the bar tonight with 4 friends and Rachel was awesome.  We weren't able to sit at a table without a reservation but she was super accommodating and made sure we had a great time.  If you get the chance,  have some tacos at the bar and chat with their awesome staff.
5	I was in Pittsburgh for a business meeting.  I found this place purely by accident and I'm so happy I went there! Chips and salsa - "fresh" chips and great chipotle salsa (deep flavor) along with some green tomatillo sauce (nice balance).  I think the chipotle had some pineapple in there, which gave it a little sweetness, which I like and it was not too spicy.   Both salsa's were fabulous and I nearly ate all of the chips... not good, had to save room...  I ordered an a la carte chorizo taco.  It lasted about 30 seconds.  I wanted a couple more.  Simple, with a cilantro yogurt that hit it.  I also ordered the chicken enchiladas.  It was a symphony of flavors.  The poblano cream sauce was the bomb!  Friendly staff (seems like everyone in Pittsburgh is friendly) and an ambiance of young and old and glass blowing across the street at Gallery Glass.  So cool.  Next time I'm in Pittsburgh Verde will be at the top of my list.   PS - if you're picky about Mexican food, you need to know Mexican food.  This place is a step above all Mexican restaurants I've ever been too.
3	I was soooo excited to come to Verde! Until... We were waited on....My four friends and I decided to visit Verde (instead of Seviche) for happy hour on a Tuesday night. The place was mostly empty at 6:30pm, and it stayed that way for the remainder of the evening. After our whole party was there, we were provided with menus. After we decided what to order to drink, 20 minutes passed before our waitress came back. It took an additional 15 minutes for our drinks to arrive, and 15 more minutes for the waitress to take our food orders... I'm not an impatient girl by any means, but when a place is pretty much dead... That is unacceptable. Our waitress also took food orders of a party of 5 that came 30 minutes after our party arrived...The food made up for the service, but that doesn't amend it. I had the 3 tacos. One was mahi, one was chicken, and the other was shrimp. I wasn't wild about the chicken (tasteless and tough), but the others were delicious! The white rice and black bean side was also very good. I even tried the aphrodisiac tequila flight... If you are a tequila expert, I would recommend trying one of their flights. If you're not (like me), be ready to get hammered with a few whiffs... LolI would definitely give this place another shot, but the service could be improved drastically...
2	My co-workers and I were there last evening for Happy Hour, and we can be a large group who enjoy spending a few hours after work together from time to time.  That said, we often find the bar area to be difficult for conversation, so we asked for tables to be pushed together along the back wall, and we asked for separate checks.  What we loved:  hand mixed margaritas (we love the bartenders here) and Negra Modela on draft (why every Mexican restaurant doesn't do this is beyond me).  What we had issues with:  Service, service, service.  We were told separate checks were OK until we got one check and had to split drinks and apps and food orders out ourselves and figure out bill on the back of the check.  Of course, the server could add his 20% on as we were then a large group.  Ah, but his service was not worth 20 %.  I ordered a draft, my friend ordered one bottled beer, and we got two bottled beers (which were a little off in flavor), and he waved me off when I tried to get his attention to remind him that I never got my draft.  Yes there were dinner customers by this time, but there were still a lot of empty tables.  Sorry, Verde, I don't care if you serve gold in your food--teach your servers to handle large groups.  I felt gouged, and I was not alone.  Would we have had this problem at the bar?  Absolutely not.  Will I suggest this for an office function again?  Absolutely not.  Will I meet one or two at the bar for the excellent cocktails?  Of course.
5	Last weekend I celebrated my 65th birthday by using one of my birthday presents. It turns out that this was one of three best birthday gifts ever! Number one was my grandson being born on my birthday two weeks earlier!! Number 2 is this gift, Number three was probably the rocking horse I got around three years old. So you can see that to be at the top of this list is pretty impressive. My sister, brother, sister-in-law, and nephews had bought me a Tequila and Maragrita lesson at Verde. We arrived on a beautiful, but cool, Saturday afternoon. In Verde's courtyard stood a small event tent. We were warmly greeted by the Jeff, Verde's owner, introduced to the two bartenders who would be helping teach the class, and kept warm by the tents heater. Soon 16 others joined us. On the table at each seat was a shot glass, a glass of water to cleanse our palates, a complete set of bar tools to eventually create our own Margarita, and the recipe that we would follow to be sure that our creation was drinkable.We were all asked to introduce ourselves by name and the reasons we wanted to get to know Tequila/Margarita better. My personal tradition for many years is to end the work week on Friday with one wife-made Margarita. It takes the edges of the days before, but I wondered if we could improve on an already good thing. Then the agave took the stage. We learned about the processing of the plant, the aging of tequila/mezcal, and soon began the tasting of three basic forms of Tequila. As we sipped our Tequila we were invited to describe the "notes" [flavors] that we tasted: peppery, bitey, minty, bourbon, etc. It turns out that my favorite of the Tequila is the Repasodo, not as bitey as the clear "Blanco" and not quite as full-flavored as Anjeo. The Reposado goes down more smoothly and without so much face-grimacing familiar to me with a shot of Blanco that I recalled from college days. After Tequila tasting we began to construct our Margaritas. We learned the measuring techniques, the importance of ice in a cocktail, how to shake and strain the mix before pouring the luscious concoction of Jimmy Buffet fame into the glass. It was the restaurant's own recipe for its basic Margarita, and it was delicious!! Our Friday nights at home will be enhanced with our new skill and the Verde recipe, and some Friday nights will be enjoyed at Verde where we will add Mexican and Spanish foods to accompany our Margaritas. I really loved this birthday gift, Jeff and his staff were great, and the sipping and 'rita topped off the celebration of my grandson Jackson's birth!
3	I have heard a lot about Verde so when we were hungry after our event at the Pittsburgh Glass Center it was the perfect opportunity to finally try it out.We only had the opportunity to try the lunch menu, so I may update the review if I make a return visit.  The lunch menu is extremely limited.    There were about five taco options and a burrito.  There were also limited appetizers and add ons.  The reason my rating is three and not four stars was the service.  The place was almost empty and there were plenty of staff milling about.  They seated us but it took a while before they brought the menus.  Then it was quite a while before they came and took our order.  The manager even came over and asked if we had seen our waitress recently because we still had our menus.  Then the server came back twice.  The first time to ask us what we had ordered because they couldn't remember and the second time to tell me they were out of what I ordered.  It almost seemed like we were bothering them by our presence or were keeping them from a break.  We started the meal with the chips and salsa.  We chose the spicy chipolte and it was fantastic.  They weren't kidding about the spice.  It was something that hit you a minute after you bit in, not right as you ate it.  It was nice that it had a bite but still had a lot of flavor.  Both of us ordered a drink.  He tried the Casa Verde Margarita and I tried the El Jefe.  They were both tasty (and strong), but for the tiny glass we got the prices seemed a bit steep.  We both preferred the sweeter flavor of the El Jefe.I tried to order the Barbacoa and Hongos tacos, but they were out of both of them the day we visited.  Instead I opted for the Chorizo and camarones tacos on the corn tortillas.  My husband tried the burrito special.    The only thing I didn't like was the texture of the corn tortilla.  I've had corn tortillas before that had better taste and texture.  These were gritty and crumbly.  It didn't take away from the flavor of the contents, though.  I LOVED the chorizo taco.  It was the perfect amount of flavor.  I could have eaten several of them.  The Camarones had chipotle shrimp and lime mayo.  I ordered it without the pico since I'm not a huge tomato fan.  I also enjoyed this one and it was loaded with more shrimp then I expected.  My husband was content with the size and flavor of the burrito but was surprised to find there were several mushrooms in the burrito when there was no mention of mushrooms on the menu.  Be aware that the "roasted vegetables" may include mushrooms.  I would say it is an odd choice for a burrito, but I know Verde tends to do things differently.We had contemplated dessert but in the interest of time and budget, we passed although the bread pudding sounded and looked great.Overall, we enjoyed our food and left happy and satisfied.  However, between the price and fairly poor service, it may be a while before we are back.
4	Yesterday was actually my second time at Verde, but my first trip was over a year ago and honestly I barely remember it (and I swear it has nothing to do with the tequila that I presumably consumed).My friends and I went for happy hour around 5. We split a pitcher of the regular house margarita. Normally it is $2 off a single margarita or $5 off a pitcher to share during happy hour. We initially thought the pitcher would be a better deal, but I'm actually not sure that's the case.All things aside, the margaritas were tasty. Very fresh and relatively strong, which was a good thing because it was hot out and I had a looong day at work.We ended up deciding to get some food; we all ordered tacos. On Tuesdays they are 20% off, so that certainly helped sway our decision. I ordered one chorizo and one barbacoa taco. The barbacoa was tender and very flavorful while mildly spicy. The chorizo, on the other hand, was quite spicy and also tasted great. I usually automatically prefer anything spicy, but I think I liked both of these equally and definitely would suggest trying several kinds if ordering multiple tacos.All in all ,it was a good experience and I'm going to have to make it a point to stop by more often.
2	I'll be honest, I am hard on Tex Mex restaurants in the Burgh. I want so much to believe that I will find a place that does good tacos and I am disappointed over and over again. Here's the thing about tacos that no one in this city seems to understand: the tortillas are the part of the taco that touches the tongue first and will be the source of much of the mouthfeel that you experience while chewing.  (Yeah, I am a bit upset with myself for using the word "mouthfeel" but I wanted to use something besides "chewiness" and my thesaurus is out of reach).I lived in San Antonio for years before moving to Pittsburgh and in most of Mexico and Texas a "taco" is expected to be a soft tortilla (can be flour or corn) that is freshly made in house. A fresh tortilla makes a world of difference to the enjoyment of the taco. Some of my favourite tacos in the world are just plain, $1.50 tacos that are with some plain 'toppings' a good verde salsa, in a warm, fresh tortilla. I say all this because I think that Verde puts too much emphasis on the ingredients (Which are still under-spiced and boring with some store bought hot sauces on the table giving all the flavor) and then put those toppings into a boring, store bought tasting tortilla. So there you are spending $5 for a taco that's substantially underwhelming.
3	This review would be a 5 star review, but for two things.The service was ridiculously, inexcusably slow..  I do believe this is bc our waitress had too many tables, but the restaurant was not completely packed and I feel like if you work in a nice restaurant like Verde you should be used to busy Saturday nights. After seated, she made eye contact with our table, but she didnt come to our table to even offer water for 20 minutes.  When she did come over, she  just asked to take our order.Only the food runner asked how our meal was.  We only saw our waitress when she took our order and when she brought our bill, and she was not friendly.I also feel like the food is a little bit over priced, and the alcohol looked ridiculously expensive.  Because of this I didn't order a margarita.  I did have a Bells Oberon which came out in a flute and wasn't even an entire bottle.Now the good stuff:  the restaurant is really attractive.  They have a very nice patio that is in DESPERATE need for some plants.  It looks nice, but it's just so plain.  Put some palms out!  You can get cheap ones at Ikea.The food was DELICIOUS and after all that is the reason I was there!  We waited forever and were underwhelmed by everything except for the food.I've finally found my perfect taco in Pittsburgh.  The Barbacoa tacos BLEW MY MIND.  So incredibly good.  My friend had the shrimp and the mushroom tacos, and he loved his tacos so much he did NOT offer me a bite.  Jerk.Everything on the menu is a la carte.  I picked the guacamole and my friend had the black beans.  I'd heard they make the guacamole tableside, but they didn't when I was there, it was just brought out.  I'm obsessed with avocados, and I found the guacamole dry and kind of meh.  Guacamole is always pretty good, and the tortilla chips were excellent, but my mind was not blown.The black beans were very good.I will come back for the Barbacoa tacos, but I would hope to not sit in that same waitress' section.  Overall, this place was OK, but it was not A-OK, but the tacos were too good to give it just a 2 star review.
4	I just wanted to update again because it's been a while and I have to say I have always had a good experience here. I know the reviews seem to vary, probably mainly with the endless debate of "is this authentic" Mexican. But really all I know is that it was delicious food.I love the family style tacos they're offering right now. That means you order your meat and then it comes with all the fixin's to share with your dining partner. We ordered the carne asada and fish tacos. The carne asada was bomb! So flavorful! I thought the fish was good, but could have used a little more seasoning. I love their cocktails too. It's rare you can get a well made tequila cocktail without it being a sugary sweet mix of something as horrifying as Dailey's mix. But we watched as they squeezed the limes themselves!I'd like to come more often for the tequila flights, I've gotta "study" my tequila:)
5	The food that we had was great and very nicely presented. We tasted several beers that had just come in and they were delicious. The food came out fast and the service was great! We sat at the bar.
4	I'm a Mexican food junkie. After saying about a billion times to my hubby, "you know, we really should check out Verde", we finally made it happen last Friday on the 4th of July. Yeah, we recognize the irony of celebrating the birth of America with some Pollo en Mole. Actually, is that irony?  I'm never sure if I use that word correctly. Maybe I should consult with Alanis Morrisette..Anyhow, so we scrounged up a few friends and headed over to Verde around 8pm on Friday. The place was pretty much deserted, since all of the other good patriots were downtown watching the fireworks. I loved the decor -- modern and hip with cultural flair (but not over-the-top loud like some other Mexican restaurants' decor tends to be).We were seated immediately and greeted by a very friendly waitress. I ordered the first of what turned out to be four (yes, four -- hey, it was America's b-day!) mojitos of the evening. Holy minty, smooth, sugary, rummy goodness Batman!  It was mojito perfection. I love the raw sugar cane stick they serve in it.  Probably one of the best mojitos I've ever had.The food was equally as delicious. We started with some chips and salsa. I normally get grumpy when I have to pay for chips and salsa at a Mexican restaurant, but I have to say that at Verde, I didn't mind, because the hot chipotle salsa was amazing. Smoky, spicy, sweet, deeelicious. Totally worth the $3.The yumminess continued with my chicken tacos. Super moist and flavorful. Yes, they were pricey at $5 bucks a pop (perhaps a bit overpriced), but I was at least 2 mojitos in by that point and didn't care :)  One of our friends got the aforementioned Polle en Mole, of which I stole several bites, and that was really flavorful as well. Overall, 5 stars for the food and drink!So, 5 stars for the fare and libations, Tricia -- then why 4 stars overall? Well, dear Yelp reader, good question. As much as it pains me, I need to deduct a star for service. Our server wasn't inattentive or rude -- she came over many times to check on us and was quite friendly. The problem was that she was just  -- how can I say this nicely? -- she just needed to work on her "remembering" skills.  There were multiple instances throughout the night where she brought out the wrong items or just plain forgot something that we ordered.  A few examples -- my friend asked for more chips and salsa. Never came. He asked again - again, she forgot. Finally, after the third time asking, he got his chips. I was drinking mojitos all night, yet twice she brought me a margarita instead. My hubby asked for corn tortillas for his tacos, but instead he received flour tortillas. Mistake after mistake kept happening, and after awhile it was almost comical. We were her only table, so I'm not sure how she could be so forgetful. So, I have to take off a star for lack of accuracy in fulfilling our requests. That being said though, I will most definitely be back for some more chicken tacos and an IV of mojitos. Good times!
1	I am so disappointed with my dining experience tonight. I LOVE Mexican food and margaritas so when visiting my home town I had to try this cute new place in Garfield. Well cute is about all it is...from the terrible chipotle salsa to the hard, cold rice and beans to the lack luster waiter. I mean ugh! Don't even get me started on the awful margarita....I am sad, so very sad with this meal. My last meal in Pittsburgh. I think I would have been better off at Taco Bell. At least I would have only wasted $10. Best thing about this place? Leaving it...
4	Always a good bet.  The red sangria is awesome- there is a little kick at the end that I suspect is some cinnamon combination.  The fish tacos are tasty, and the salsa is super fresh.  They are known for their tequila selection, and I saw there were tequila flights tonight.  Tequila and I no longer have a relationship, but my friends swear by the margaritas.  The friendly and diverse waitstaff support equality, which is great to see. Added bonus- they take OpenTable! I'm a fan!
3	I want to give Verde a 4-star review... I really do, but after about a dozen visits, they are sitting at a solid 3. I'm partial to the neighborhood, and I feel that this place is a great addition, but how can a new-ish trendy place in the middle of a growing neighborhood have an exhaustive trail of Yelp reviews about poor service... and not ever fix the service?The food is fantastic. Much better than it used to be. I've never had a menu item I didn't like. The menu is limited, but I feel like the kitchen would rather pump out a few good items than a bogus list of 100 "okay" items. The prices are higher, yes, but they aren't horrible. Boutique-style restaurants just aren't always where you go for a cheap meal, and since the food is good, this has never been an issue for me.The drinks... meh - they're decent. A few times we had a server talk up a few of the signature drinks only to be mildly impressed. I usually just stick to beer unless something really strikes me and I have money to blow (not often). Annnnnd speaking of the server leading me down a path to a sad cocktail - I've also had servers steer me wrong on how large portion sizes are, what the daily special actually is, what comes on certain dishes, etc. A hot mess. It's a one-page menu, and the chef is doing a great job - you don't stick priceless artwork in a $2 frame, so don't leave your awesome culinary creations to be described, sold, and delivered by a train-wreck style unprepared server. Get some excited, energetic, hard-working, knowledgeable staff in here. People will probably stick around longer, drink a little more, and tip a little better - everyone wins. Overall, I like Verde.  The atmosphere is cool, the neighborhood is fun, and the food is great. I'm really hoping after another few visits I can write a 4 or 5-star review.
2	A/c broken tonight, now I see it was broken 10 days ago.  Wth?  It didn't help that they sat us next to a huge window that was baking in the 90-degree heat. Margarita was ok, guacamole was tasteless.  I couldn't get out of there soon enough; we found someplace else for dinner. Everyone was complaining about the heat, but no manager talked to any of the tables. Bush league. Won't be back.
4	My friend and I were looking for a place to catch up so I could hear all about her recent adventures to Europe. There are some cool deals around Pittsburgh on Tuesday nights, but I had been wanting to try Verde for a while and the 20% off Taco Tuesday was definitely a draw.We started with the chips, salsa, and guacamole. Everything was delicious - the chips were still warm, the guac was nice and chunky, and the pico de gallo was a great balance of acidity and tang. I think we could have done with more pico, but that's minor. I had the pollo tacos and pescado tacos and both were great. The pescado was spicy and I had never seen carrots on a taco before, but it worked. The pollo taco had moist meat and a deep flavor. My friend had the camarones taco and the carnitas taco and had glowing things to say about both. I can't really comment on the drinks, since we both just had cans of Tacate, but next time I'm there and don't have to drive, I'll be hitting up a margarita. We both had Mexican ice cream for dessert and it was super creamy and rich.Our server was great - attentive, friendly, and able to recommend some of her favorites to us. I was nervous to go after reading some of the older comments on Yelp, but I would DEFINITELY go back again.The only thing I would caution against is going when it is very very hot. It was a 90 degree day and there was some air circulating, but I don't think there was any a/c on. I was pretty sweaty by the end of the meal, and so was my friend. I can't believe I'm writing about sweat in a Yelp review...but there it is. Anyway, Verde: you should go.
1	Pros: The prices are high Cons: The food is awful.
1	We had a bachelorette and birthday party on Saturday. The food was awful!! Nothing like true authentic Mexican food at all!!! And the music was not Mariachi music! It was punk rock which is odd for a Mexican themed restaurant! I mean that is why people like to try different types of cuisine for the ambiance and atmosphere!!!! Not to mention one of my friends used her credit card and an hour later somebody had charged music on her account because she received 2 alerts from her bank!!!!! I won't be back!!!!
5	I am a Mexican food lover and this place is my favorite!   Fresh food, friendly service.  Shrimp tacos to die for.  Love the Pico DE gallo.
3	God, I am so conflicted about this restaurant, and not really for reasons related to the food. I'll start with the good and then move on.The tacos=good. I like the shrimp tacos especially, which are juicy and have lots of good cabbage dressing and sauce. 3 of them make a fine meal. We also split queso fundido and the elotes--roasted corn with mayo and Oaxaca cheese drizzled with lime juice. Sounds weird--it's great! Definitely try it. The space itself is cute, with glass walls, light wood, and lots of minimalist furniture and funky light fixtures. Like, if *I* were going to run a restaurant, this is how I'd want it to look. The huge amount of glass does turn it into something of a hotbox during the summer months, though, especially as their air conditioning isn't so great. Now the part that I'm conflicted about. Garfield, the neighborhood Verde is located in, is a neighborhood in Pittsburgh that has struggled economically in the last few decades. Verde, along with Kevin Sousa's Salt of the Earth, are sort of the leading "anchors" of Garfield's "revitalization." Verde is located in a beautiful, Modernist apartment building next to a bikram yoga studio, and it definitely caters to a trendy, young, East End-ish clientele. But I wonder if Pittsburghers, in their rush to reclaim their city as a hip and fun place to live, have confused revitalization for gentrification. As I, a young, middle-class white woman, ate my $18 tacos and my $9 queso and my $7 corn and my 2 $8 Palomas seated next to other young middle-class white people, I questioned what the point of a restaurant-as-revitalization is when the "revitalization" doesn't seem to be accessible to the majority of the people who actually live in this neighborhood. Verde's demographic seriously does not reflect the demographic of Garfield itself. This is a qualm I also have with Kevin Sousa's presence here, so it's not about Verde specifically. But creating a restaurant that draws outside people to a neighborhood *while still catering to people within the neighborhood* isn't impossible. Kevin Sousa, oddly enough, has managed to do this in East Liberty with Station Street and Union Pig and Chicken. I think Verde probably has an opportunity to be that kind of a place in Garfield, and I wonder if they're taking it. When they do, I'll be truly impressed.
4	The place is very cool and chill. Nice and open with nice decor. Went on a sat afternoon and not busy at all. The waitress was very nice and courteous. Definitely would go again.
4	Recently got a chance to visit Verde for Sunday Brunch.Sat outside on their patio (which is dog friendly and the main reason we visited here).The service staff is super friendly (to our dog too!)The bloody marys are on point.They have some of the best fresh chips I have had in a while.I ordered the Chiliquilles with Chorizo (recommended for sure...if I had a hangover, this would of killed it).Also had the granola pancakes which were super fresh and a great sweet alternative.Others had their version of Eggs Benedict which was a major success.Definitley coming back next time I'm in PGH.
5	I came to Verde for dinner when in town visiting some friends. It was so good! We were there before 7 so the happy hour special on margaritas were still going on, which we took full advantage of. I had a frozen margarita and it was huge and so very tasty!We all decided to order our own tacos for dinner, although the family sharing options were very intriguing as well, especially because they come with sides. I had one fish, one chorizo, and one beef taco. They were all so good. I definitely them all. The fish was tasty and very fresh, the beef was so flavorful (although a big hard to eat as it got so greasy) and the chorizo was perfectly spicy. If I could go back, I might get some sides to go with it, but overall it was delicious.Also the chips and salsa - a necessity at any good mexican. A++!!
2	The food is a joke.  I worked as a chef in Arizona and worked in Mexican restaurants there.  This place is not representative.  The black beans are canned and rinsed and have little seasoning.  They put "simple syrup" in their chipotle salsa along with agave syrup.  I asked because I could tell.  "Simple syrup" is just sugar and water.  The sugars completely dominate the flavor of the salsa, and of course we were told "everyone loves it."  Nope.  Not everyone!   In Tucson or Austin that would be thrown against the wall.  The pork and pulled chicken are definitely slow-cooked and tender which is good, but not seasoned well at all.   Also, they do not fold the burritos correctly so you end up with ends that are almost entirely flour tortilla with no filling.  The tortillas are clearly not made fresh or on-site and have dough conditioners in them like you would buy mass-marketed at a supermarket.  I'm guessing that the diced tomato they use for their pico de gallo comes from a bag pre-diced by their food supplier.  The texture indicates this.  The chips were okay.  They were deep fried corn tortillas but that's nothing new.  You also have to pay for them which does not happen in places where Mexican food is a restaurant staple.  No one in Pittsburgh is doing Mexican food right, but I keep looking.  Overall, Verde has a nice looking space, and the service is okay (at least the day we went), but the food is comical considering it calls itself "Mexican."  It is not representative and this place would do well to send its cooking staff on a trip through Mexico.
3	When I first went to Verde - it was definitely a 5-star rating. The food was legit, better than a lot of Mexican restaurants in even Austin. I was super excited to have this so nearby to provide me comfort when I was missing good Mexican.The drinks are excellent, true margaritas made with 100% agave tequilas and *real* triple-sec (Cointreau) - not sour mix or whatever the hell gets marketed as triple-sec that is just like orange flavoring in a plastic jug in the US.In the last few months, though, something changed with the food. The taco menu offers only a single vegetarian option, where it used to have like 3. They started charging for salsa. Want a salsa refill? Another $3. What? Could you imagine being charged $3 for ketchup with your fries? This is ridiculous. The salsa is tastey, but has way too much fresh garlic in it. You'll taste garlic for 24 hours. I mean, I like garlic, and I like spicy food, but I also want balanced flavor. Perhaps the garlic should be roasted first or something to make it less... astringent and sulfurous. Don't eat here on a date.I was burping up enchilada and bean dip for like 4 hours after eating. The tacos are a bit pricey, but hey, its cheaper than a trip to Mexico or Texas.Overall, I'd still pick here over, say, Patron (its not even fair to put that in the same category), but it could use some improving and maybe a bit of a review of the pricing.
3	Staff was very unfriendly and rushed us along to get other people in, despite our large party spending plenty of $ and ordering large amounts of food and drinks. The food was good, but I'd chose Round Corner Cantina over this any day
4	I really did not think I would like this place.  It seems weird and stuffy, easy to expect in the "new" section of Garfield (omg gentrification`*~).  But it's good. Real good.I had the a la carte tacos. Two chicken tacos that were very simple--normal spicy (really spicy for me), very good.  But my real meal was the sangria blanca. Geez louise, it came in a goblet of sorts(?) with a little Pimms added; awesome and not too sweet!!  They had a lengthy cocktail list that actually contained more than tequila, but the selection also included so. many. tequilas.My +1 had enchiladas. They were not spicy enough for him.  I thought they were good enough; I am a wimp and the poblano crema on them was safe and yummy.  The beans and rice were on par as well.  Honestly, all he cared about was his Mexican Coke.This is a few blocks from home and while it seems like way too much, they do it well.  We went on a Saturday evening and were one of 4 other tables, not including a few at the small bar (which you can eat at and watch some sports or whatever).  This place's patio is super popular during the summer, but if you want to try this out before committing to some happy hour gatherings, you won't have trouble.
5	WE came here for brunch on beautiful Sunday afternoon. The meal was really good. I have never had such wonderful pancakes. they were really fluffy and tasty. We also ordered Sangria pitcher which was mindblowing. We ended up getting 3 pitchers among 4 people. Staff was extremely friendly. i would highly recommend this place for brunch.
3	I'm originally from Texas, and am always on the lookout for good Mexican food away from home.  I came to Verde because it had been recommended by some friends.  They had come recently for dinner, and apparently loved it.  I came for lunch, early in the lunch hour.  Unfortunately, I was unpleasantly disappointed.The decor is on the smallish side, but laid back, colorful, and fun.  I have no trouble believing that someone could have a wonderful experience at dinner here, with friends to talk and laugh with, to distract one from the bland tastelessness of the food.  When I came there were very few patrons there, so the wait staff was very friendly and not rushed, but also not very prompt in dealing with me -- a minor flaw, easily overlooked.Not as easy to overlook was the lack of traditional free chips and salsa -- I understand the owners may need to generate revenue to stay in business, but why can every other Mexican restaurant in the USA manage it and they can't?I ordered the guacamole as an appetizer -- it was too cold (the avocados must have just come out of the fridge), and very bland (there were obvious chunks of tomatoes/spices/etc. , but even then it frequently seemed to taste as if I was biting into a whole avacado).  I do not know how they managed that trick, to make it look like guacamole but taste like pure avacado.  Despite how hungry I was, I couldn't eat much.I then ordered the shrimp burrito -- again, not so great.  It looked good and was prepared pretty well, but not as flavorful as it should have been.The saving grace was dessert -- the mango sorbet.  Slightly icy, but overall pretty creamy, with a wonderful light mango taste suffused with some spices, resulting in a wonderful flavor.All in all, I recommend going there with friends and not expect too much from the food itself.  I will probably stick to other places myself (like Emiliano's in Cranberry).
5	I've been here many times since my last review years ago, on their opening night, so it's time for an update.All of my bar experiences here have been great. My last review criticized the draught list. Not anymore. They always have a well-curated and seasonal rotating list that is short and sweet. The happy hour is a great deal for margaritas, and the daily specials are good as well.The service has been nothing short of phenomenal, to be completely honest. I'm a vegetarian with a million food allergies under the sun, and they ALWAYS accommodate me without making me feel guilty for asking. The servers and bartenders are the perfect fit for this place, knowledgable and trendy and always up for a recommendation or a chat.The food is really unique, and everything from the dips to the tacos to the brunch is worthy of trying. The menu is short and simple, with only the best food making the cut on the menu. Cheers, Verde!
5	This bar is hard to beat. So many great tequilas, and the 24/7 service industry discount (15% off) makes it even better. The food is hit-or-miss sometimes; mostly "hit" though. So many GF options, too.
5	Mad Mex makes my skin crawl (I won't even review it) and Chipotle is...Chipotle. It doesn't even belong in the Mexican food category. Verde on the other hand pleasantly surprised me! I was expecting a less bro-filled and more expensive version of Mad Mex, but it wasn't either of those things. It was an unpretentious, creative take on Mexican cuisine, more upscale than the tiny, family-owned restaurants that will always have a place in my Californian heart, but nevertheless delicious and enjoyable! I would even call it Mexican food, and that's something I haven't been able to say since coming to Pittsburgh.The service was quick and friendly, and the hostess stood out in particular for her welcoming smile at the door. So few people legitimately smile nowadays. It was appreciated! I started with their mojito and thoroughly enjoyed it. It wasn't too sweet, the most common problem I have with mojitos. My roommate, who is ridiculously picky about alcohol, couldn't resist having about a third of it. I didn't mind, since I wanted a completely clear head in order to enjoy our lunch when it arrived. We decided to do the family style taco deal, which is two bowls of taco fillings from their taco menu, a side of beans and rice, and six taco shells. For $29, the amount of food we got was quite generous. The beans and rice were small, enough for one side for two people, but the taco fillings could have easily filled eight or nine tacos. We ate the beans and rice, and had two tacos a piece. There were enough leftovers for us each to have another taco plus a pile of taco fillings on the side later that day. We tried the carnitas and the pollo, and both were great. The pollo was nicely sized chunks of chicken, seasoned and grilled with thinly sliced red onions distributed throughout. The carnitas were the real standout though. The pork was perfectly shredded and the green olive, pineapple, and beer flavored salsa was finely minced, giving the entire mixture a really nice texture for a taco filling. The taco wasn't coming apart in my hands and the filling wasn't falling out the back. In short, it was perfect. I'll definitely be back to try their other taco options and to get some more of those carnitas and perhaps another mojito. Well done Verde!
4	I've been to Verde about 4 times before, and most recently I dined here for lunch with a group of coworkers around the holidays.  The restaurant kindly accommodated our party of 12 at a large table in the back corner of the restaurant.  Service was prompt and the food was wonderful but the restaurant wasn't all that busy while we were there.  A few of us ordered starters like guacamole (it's fresh and delicious) and the salsa trio (also fresh and wonderful tasting), and I ordered a large guac to share with my end of the table but when the server brought it out she had split it into 3 bowls and spread it over the table and it really wasn't my intention to pay for guac for the whole table particularly after they ordered more on the other end and didn't get it split up for the whole table - just bad execution on our servers part.  Otherwise the food and service were great.  Most of us got either the Burrito Mojado or the Burrito Especial and a couple of folks got a few of the different tacos.  We also got the red sangria and it was absolutely one of the best sangrias most of us have had in a long time.  Overall it was a great meal and on par with the other meals that I've eaten at Verde.  I will definitely be going there again.
3	A menu I wanted to love left me sadly disappointed. I might consider a revisit, as I like their sister restaurant, but I'm still a little burnt.
