4	The guys at this place helped me get my POS Durango back on the road after the transmission started acting up after I got it worked on at another place that clearly didn't have the skills needed to work on transmissions.It's a smaller shop but they do take credit cards. They were very nice in explaining to me (or at least trying to) the brains of the transmission... how mine worked, why it's failing and what I need to be aware of in the future. The previous place I had it said really my only solution was a complete rebuild; this place did a cable adjustment and changed out some parts and it's now shifting. They were direct in saying the repair could last a month or a year - no way to really know when you have 130k miles on an engine. So I'll need to take it easy, but it's drivable and the repair was something I could afford to do right now.For being understaffed at my time of need, it still only took them a few days to get it back on the road and they had all the parts I needed at the shop. Now I will continue to pray that the repair holds... thanks A&S! Before going to some of the bigger chains out there - check out this place. You know you can't go wrong when your mechanics are covered with grease and yet they still give you a smile.
5	We have a 1992 Winnebago RV- that had tranny issues in 2011.  We took it to them and they went through it, upgraded what needed to be, welded torque converter (made it stronger ??).  Been on many family camping trips since and transmission is doing great.  Great guys, do a great job at a fair and reasonable price and they stand behind their work.  I'll be taking my JEEP their soon for some "clutch" issues.  Thanks guys sure appreciate it !!
5	I can't say enough how great the guys are here at A&S. I finally had to get the transmission rebuilt in my Durango. Had that done about 2-3 weeks ago. Didn't take the guys too long; about 3 days I think. Picked it up and they told me to bring it back in a couple of weeks for a check-up. I took a road trip and added about 1k miles in that timeframe. All seemed well until I noticed a funny shift from 2nd to 3rd. So I brought it back to the shop and they guys found the issue (something about a valve... I'm not a car person)... anyway, picked it up yesterday and it's running excellent again. They found the issue and got it repaired free of charge. All is good in the world again. Thanks A&S for your quick and friendly service; customer service means a lot to me and you guys do a great job. To all you Yelpers... don't hesitate to call these guys when your transmission needs some loving care.
5	Great folks here- amazing knowledge and precise, detailed workmanship.I just wish they were bigger, but that might kill this otherwise top-notch operation.  The place ain't fancy, and the owners and employees are down-right "salt of the earth" types.  Had wife's transmission rebuilt in her '04 Explorer (widely known for tranny issues) and although the work was what I expected (as anyone would expect), what really impressed me was on the day of pickup, being shown the work done while the truck was still up on the lift- I was thoroughly impressed that they took the time to CLEAN that whole area underneath!  Who does that anymore?  That is going the extra mile and showing pride in workmanship and respect to a customer.The price was way better than I could have hoped for, and I hope to be able to spring for some more work soon that is needed on another vehicle.Pleasure doing business here.  Highly recommended.
