3	I popped into this place with my girlfriend and another friend before a concert at the PSO last night. We were planning on heading elsewhere, but due to time constraints and the proximity of this place to the Heinz Hall we decided to give it a try.The first floor looked nice enough, but after telling the hostess that we didn't have reservations, she relegated us to the upstairs. Which was...um...interesting. You know those folding tables that are used at bingo nights (not that I frequent those too often)? Well, that was our dinner table (and everyone else's too!...see the photo of one being redressed). So yah, the decor definitely could be improved. It really felt like a dressed up cafeteria.That said, the food was actually quite good. Make sure you get the Portobello Mushroom Tower (or something like that) appetizer. It was absolutely delicious. Though stay away from the sauteed  calamari...pretty bland. At the waitresses suggestion, my girlfriend and I split the meat lasagna, which was quite interesting. They use crepes for the layers instead of the regular dough. The dish was SUPER rich, but pretty tasty. Worth trying.Overall, if you're looking for a quick bite (we asked them to bring all the food together because we were slightly rushed) before the symphony, this is a good place to go. Don't expect a gourmet meal, but do expect one that will leave you full and satisfied.Bon apatite!
4	I was meeting with clients and needed a place for lunch. I'm based out of Southfield, Michigan, so I didn't know anything about where to go. I asked around and Palazzo was mentioned. I called and asked them to fax me a lunch menu so I could check it out. They faxed the menu over and it looked pretty good. Salads, sandwiches, pasta, and entrees - and nothing more than $14. I made a reservation, and when my group turned out to be larger, the staff was very flexible and accommodating. I had the fettuccine alfredo, with a small caesar salad. The caesar dressing was perfect, creamy, and nutty, and slightly spicy/peppery. The alfredo sauce was decadent and very high calorie, making it oh so yummy. It came out hot too which was great. Everyone was happy with their orders, it all looked delicious to me. The food was prepared and out very quickly, and all at the same time (the waiter did have to make two trips because there were 9 people). People who only have an hour for lunch shouldn't worry about time! The food was standard and it all came out just as we expected, but the best part was how friendly the wait staff was.
4	My husband and I walked in for a late lunch while staying at the Renassaince across the street. When we walked in the were some gentlemen at the bar who looked like regulars out of a gangster movie. My husbands cesaer was great as was my mixed greens salad. I had a crabcake sandwich with shoestring fries. I was quite impressed because it was almost entirely crab! I wish I could remember what my husband had a lemon chicken dish and loved it. I ordered a shiraz that was ok... I wish they had more wines by the glass as I am a little snobby when it comes to wine. Our server, Kris, was sweet. I would like to try dinner there on our next trip.
5	Went here looking for some decent Italian, got an incredible / reasonably priced meal. I recommend the gnocchi with the spicy Italian sausage. Likely the best Italian meal I've had outside of Italy or Hoboken, NJ.
5	Dinner before the Show @ the Benedum (Perfect for walking to and from if the weather is okay)The Wait:We walked in on a whim for dinner before a show @ the benedum with no reservations.It was packed and we thought that we would be waiting for at least a half an hour, for sure.We were seated immediately and promised to be at our show on time!They were very sweet about making sure that we were taken care of it a quick manner, but the entire time they were fabulous to us!The Food:I ordered the Cheese Tortellini with Pesto cream sauce--it was great!My husband ordered something with scallops and he said that they were the best that he'd ever had!(I checked the menu, unfortunately that dish isn't offered regularly).Service:Prompt, all the while never sacrifcing a great personality and fantastic service.PROS:Atmosphere is a Win!Dimly lit; great for a nice meal out with a loved one.Very cozy and intimateVery CleanGreat ServicePrompt seatingBoth of us were very pleased with our mealsWe *will* be back!CONS:  Pittsburgh Parking (in other words, find a garage and hoof it!)
5	This place has fantastic food!  Everything tasted incredible and the staff was so friendly, even though they were swamped.  Will definitely come back when in Pittsburgh!
3	This restaurant caters to the theater crowd. We came for dinner before a show at the Benedum. We had reservations and were seated promptly. The food was very good but I felt the service was lacking. Our waiter was polite but not friendly. He seem annoyed when we asked for more bread and to refill our water.  I felt very rushed. The waiter brought our wine out right away even tough we asked him to wait until our meal was served. He gave us our check even before asking us if we wanted anything else after our dessert. We were out the door in 45 minutes , which would have been great if we were in a hurry but we weren't. I want to return to this place and be served by a different person and experience this very nice restaurant again.
2	When I first started working down in the Cultural District 4 years ago, this was always our pre-theater stop for dinner. I absolutely LOVED the pasta vodka. They also had this delicious flavored butter. Every time you came in they had a different flavored butter with bread. Pre-dinner bread isn't usually exciting, but they made it so! Fast forward a couple years later....I hadn't been there in about a year or so. I think the issue is maybe they changed owners or head chef perhaps? Either way, the food is very average, if not Olive Garden-y. I had the Veal Parmesan. I know veal i usually sliced thin, but I felt as if it was nonexistent inside the coated fried bead crumbs. The sauce was nowhere near what you expect it to be. I usually imagine a Grandma in the back lovingly making the sauce. Here I could see them pouring out the Ragu containing and heating it up. How do I comment on the service when our waitress checked on us FIVE MILLION times!? I mean, that's nice....but when she's in your face while you're chewing, in your face making really lame jokes and in your face as she's having a smokers coughing fit. it's really hard to say we had excellent service. It was pretty much taking it to the other extreme of smothering service! The only thing they have going for them are their meatballs.  The meatballs are exaclty what I like, very moist and lots of flavor.  I can't help but think this sounds dirty, I swear the meatballs are good!  They just need to not be paired with Ragu sauce!!
4	Having spent a lot of time in the cultural district, I have been trying to find new and good restaurants to eat at before and after shows. The problem with this area is that there are a lot of places enticing theatre go-ers in and then not delivering the goods. A kind of bait and switch technique.Palazzo definitely delivers. Between the two of us, we took down the lasagna and the rigatoni with sausage and pepperoncinis. The sauce was definitely the boss and tasted homemade. The sausage was DEFINITELY homemade and was hearty enough for three meals. Needless to say we left happy. The atmosphere is dressy, upscale and romantic but not overbearing and is a perfect spot for a date or a quick jaunt before or after a show. I know this place can get busy, so I would call ahead.
3	First time with friends dining there before seeing a show.  For a Saturday night, it was packed.  With reservations, we got seated right away.  The waitress was friendly and very attentive and service was very good.  Everyone loved their dish but I got the crepes lasagna and they were dry and the ricotta stuffing was extremely salty.  I hardly ate any of it.  I guess I should have had them take it back but I'm really paranoid thinking the chef is going to sabotage my meal by spitting in it or something!
5	This is by far one of my favorite Italian Ristorante's of all time. EVERY TIME I am in Pittsburgh I eat here at least once. This is the kinda place where they remember your name, what you do, etc, etc. It's a real "Pittsburghy" kinda place. I usually sit at the bar and talk to the seasoned bartender Larry who is always up on the latest news and sports gossip and can carry a conversation with anyone who sits down. The owner is almost always posted up by the bar as well, engaging in conversation and making sure things run top notch. The food it excellent and you get a great portion. Many businessmen at the bar and lots of people enjoying a great meal and peaceful atmosphere. Not a place to take kids. All in all if you're looking for some great italian food at a good price with the best service in town - this is the spot.
4	Excellent Italian.  The crepe lasagna is amazing, not to mention the somewhat "deconstructed style" wedge salad and mouse pie. The only strange bit, It was not very crowded for a Saturday night (the only reason it gets 4 instead of 5 stars for atmosphere purposes).  But definitely try this place, you will not regret the food!
2	I have conflicted feelings about Palazzo's and you will soon see why.  Walking in on a Wed night solo, I was greeted by a very warm (albeit empty) old-school Italian restaurant.  I sat and the beautiful marble bar and immediately the cordial bartender Larry, was at my beck and call.  I ordered a Beefeater Gibson martini up, and he seemed very happy to make one; not too many Gibsons are made these days.He was very pleasant and made an excellent drink.  Since the place was pretty empty, the manager was also in the bar chatting about Pittsburgh, sports, politics, and also was very friendly.  I went with my order: started with the escarole with beans, followed by a stand-by spaghetti & meatballs.The escarole portion was large and almost like a stew; nicely cooked leaves of escarole mixed with a spicy tomato sauce and a good amount of cannellini beans.  It was excellent, satisfying and could well stand as a meal on its own.  I then proceeded to have the worst pasta I've ever had in a restaurant.  The spaghetti tasted and looked like it came from Chef Boyardee.  The sauce was flavorless and bland.  The noodles were cooked light years beyond al dente and were mushy, starchy and awful.  The meatballs were decent, but the pasta was so bad filet mignon couldn't have saved them.I really want to give Palazzo's another shot since the service, staff, ambience and escarole were fantastic.  But to screw up such a simple and classic dish I am worried about how some of the more complicated items will come out.
5	Fresh, authentic Italian. I travel all over the country and this is as good as it gets. Right when I walked in I was greeted by a friendly host and bartender. Ate at the bar and enjoyed the game. Had the veal parm which was spectacular and lemon dessert that finished the meal off perfect. Thank you.
4	Stopped here before a show in town.Pittsburgh has a multitude of Italian restaurants (Olive Garden not included), and this restaurant can be placed among the top ranks.  My seafood and pasta entree was excellent, and the portion size was more than generous.  The seafood was perfectly cooked and was more than filling.  While Palazzo may not be my first choice for Italian in the Burgh, it is an excellent stop for people staying at a nearby hotel or attending a show at one of the theaters nearby.
2	We were disappointed with the food.The caesar salads were swimming in dressing to the point it was disgusting.The baked clams appetizers were watery and undercooked. The fried calamari appetizer was bland. It seemed to have no salt.The ravioli entree had sauce that looked and tasted like it came out of a Hunts can. The ravioli looked like it was from Costco. The lasagne entree was cold and tasted like it had been re-heated from frozen. Another pasta entree also lacked flavor and was bland...again no use of salt in the cooking.The seafood Cioppino was very good and is the reason for a second star. The service was pushy. The waittress kept coming back to ask if everything was ok and to try and sell more drinks. It was a little too much.The room itself is beautiful. Very old school Italian. We had high hopes and were  very disappointed the food was so poor, except for the Cioppino.
1	Don't know how this place gets good ratings.  Wife and I went in and were greeted by empty restaurant.  Had a drink at bar.  So far so good.  Checked out the menu and decided to try it.  Had stuffed clams for starter.  Eek.  Was like they took canned clams and spread them among five clam shells and filled the rest of the shell with wall paper paste.  Terrible.  We then thought we would take the safe approach and go with pasta.  What could  go wrong?  My wife's pasta undercooked but the shrimp in the pasta were cooked to rubber-like consistency.  My pasta was cook years beyond al dente.  The server was nice enough and tried hard.  The manager just hung out at the bar having a super loud conversation with the bartender. Very unprofessional and off-putting.  I'd give this place a pass.
4	Great place to dine before a show, but some dishes can be quite bland.
5	I stopped at Palazzo's at 2 in the afternoon on a beautiful Friday.  The ambiance was relaxing, old school Italian, and beautiful!  I was happy to see the prices were very reasonable especially for a restaurant in the cultural district.  I ordered the caprese salad; the dressing was amazing!  I do recommend if you don't like a lot of dressing to order it on the side.  I ordered the raviolis with the tomato basil cream sauce, amazing!  The raviolis melted in my mouth. The waitress and the owner were wonderful!  The waitress was very kind, smiled, not pushy, and talked to us like we were her good friends.  The owner was also wonderful, she has the heartiest and best Italian laugh!We will definitely be going back!
1	We really struggled which Italian restaurant downtown to visit and decided the "best" option was Palazzo! It was the worst meal hands down we ever had. Caprese salad is that, a salad with sweet over powering dressing in chunks with lettuce and a few tomatoes-not so good. Then my husband ordered Veal Osso Buco which was ice cold, risotto a hard rock and visually displeasing. Sent it back. I ordered spaghetti with plain marinara which I promise you was a can of tomato sauce right out of the can--someone earlier said Chef Boy Ardi and that would be an upgrade. We sent back the veal, should have sent back the pasta and they only refunded for the veal. No apology from the owners, who by the way as mentioned earlier, sat feeding their faces at the bar. Absolutely the worst meal ever we spent $80 with a bottle of wine and TERRIBLE food.  The only positive was the nice waitress, who was caught in the middle, but honest with us which we appreciated.  If we could give a ZERO we would.
4	I have a lawsuit pending in Pittsburgh and stumbled upon Palazzo my first trip there after a long day of travel. Upon entering the building, I was treated to the sounds of the Godfather soundtrack playing on the overhead speakers. There were maybe 2-3 other tables filled. It was raining, and I was starving. I sat down.What a great meal. That first night, we started with a stuffed pepper appetizer covered in their homemade marinara, which was out of this world. I had a salad, which was just fine, and ended with pasta topped with sausage and red sauce. The food was everything I want when I travel away from home: it was not overpriced, it was homemade and it was delivered with friendly conversation. The waitress made that first meal. She talked to us about the city, the restaurant, and the people of the community. On my next trip, I went back. As I was alone this time, I ate at the bar, which made this restaurant even more popular in my book. Traveling alone for work is a really hard thing. You eat a lot of meals in your hotel room, or sitting alone at bars. I usually take my iPad with me, and read something during the meal. I rarely talk to anyone, much less have conversations about local sports teams, politics, and business. But at Palazzo's bar, I was welcomed in as one of the family.Within minutes, I learned I was sitting next to a traveling consultant that flies to Pittsburgh every week of every year for two nights. One of those two nights, he eats the daily special at Palazzo. Now that is a sign of a great restaurant. But besides the foreign loyalty, I was immediately treated to getting to know several others at the bar, including the bartender and front-house manager. I ate the daily special and a Caesar salad (which tasted just fine), but it was far more enjoyable to speak about the Presidential election (and years past), the lack of success of the Pirates baseball team, and the guy who skipped out on his check the night before (and was chased into the street by the bartender).I will come here whenever I am back in the downtown Pittsburgh area, not only for the food but for the company.
5	So good and such great service. I would come here again and again. The food is amazing, the atmosphere great, and the staff was super friendly.
