4	So I was moving and my belongings needed a place to stay and I wanted to do this without imposing on friends and relatives and acquaintances so that I wouldn't be forever in their debt or obliged to show up when THEY moved. Yeah. I'm THAT guy. So that meant slowly storing my stuff over time in a place close to where I was moving. This exact location seemed to be the perfect spot. Staff were very nice and friendly although the only time I ever dealt with them was at the very beginning and at the very end. The office hours are 9:30 to 5 or 6 depending on weekday or weekend but the actual access hours are 6 am to 9 pm. I would often come early morning or early evening after work and I'd be the only soul around. Nice and quiet or kinda creepy depending on whether you're a glass half full or empty kinda person. I kinda liked it. The only sounds I'd hear in the evening would be from the rowdy folks at the Tilted Kilt next door over the wall. Stuff was pretty secure - who really wants somebody's old Playboys and bowling trophies anyway? Not that that's what *I* was storing. Obviously I'm more of a Penthouse kinda guy. Anyway, as long as you don't store anything perishable everything should be fine. I had the cheapest type of storage and there was no air conditioning but dust can accumulate over time so best to keep things covered depending on how long you're keeping stuff there. You get an access code and I swear I had to look at my cheat sheet each time. By the time I memorized it, I had already finished using their services. The only drawback to this location is that depending on the time of day and day of the week you go there can be non-stop traffic on Warner in both directions. Sometimes rather than attempt a left turn I just ended up doing a right turn and then quickly doing a U the moment I had clearance because rush hour traffic was too damn thick.
5	This location made it very easy when we were in a pinch.... Tracy, who assisted us that first day, is awesome!!!! She is so friendly and knowledgable... And she made what should be boring quite fun! We love coming in to pay our bill as opposed to another method of payment just to see her! You should never get rid of Tracy!!!
5	We made all our arrangements with Public Storage over the phone before our move from Ohio to Arizona.  The staff was always helpful and kind in setting up a unit for us.  Anytime we went into the office, the staff made me laugh.  Without a doubt, they made a little bit of the stress of moving into a good experiece!
