5	MY NEW NAIL SHOP AT LAST!!!!It's tough on a girl when she moves  to a new neighborhood and has to find a new Nail Shop... You end up going to Salon after Salon just to get a qualified technician. Well ladies & gentleman... this is the spot. When I first arrived (11ish) there was 1 tech with a client doing nails. She greeted me promptly, I advised her I only needed a French Manicure, she kindly let me knew that she had an appointment lined up as she was doing this she got on her cell phone & quickly called up Sonny, He was around the corner & would arrive in 10 minutes. While she was on the phone, her client advised me of how great their service & products were. I gladly sat down to wait. Sho' 'nuff  he arrived in 10... greeted me with a smile & asked me to grab my color... Pulling out a new sterile package of tools for my manicure was a plus...  Cleanliness is  OH SO important!  I've only heard nightmares of nail infections(eww gross)..He was very personable, easy to talk with & very complimenting. Somewhat inspirational or motivational...(that's cheesy, I know)But Ive been searchin' searchin' and this will be the "one" for a while for sure!
1	There's nothing Glamourous about Glamour Nails.. My manicurist.. was so horrible i was irritated.. and i'm not easily irritable.. she was on the phone the whole time during my manicure! and after as she waited for her tip before she left.. I did not feel comfortable here at all.. She totally half assed everything so that she could go home.. I came at 4.. more than enough time before closing at 6. She didn't even cut or push my cuticles down.. she looked at it and pretended to but I was observing her! Glamour nails.. FAIL!!
3	The pricing is good. The service is ok. The place itself just doesn't look "glamorous". It's alright and a little bit outdated. Practically nothing GLAMOROUS going on here.
1	Nothing makes me happier than getting a mani/pedi. Unfortunately, at Glamour nails I didn't get to feel that way.The gel polish I picked looked nothing like the display. As a result, I can't find a color to match my pedicure. They were not very accommodating. All they could do was pick out another color I didn't like. I ended up not wanting any color on my hands.They could have offered some sort of discount for their mistakes but all they wanted to do was argue with me.I will never go to Glamour Nails again.
3	I also go here to get gel nail polish, but make sure you ask for Ann! Everyone else that did my nails there didn't care to put in any effort and they were done in 10 minutes. I took a young girl there for her first manicure and it lasted less than 10 minutes. It was sloppy and anything but special for her. I had told them it was her first manicure and she was very excited, but they could care less. The owner only cares about money and will try to put a price on everything you ask for! You want a different color on one nail? $5 extra bucks. You want glitter on top? $7 extra. They also are deceitful with their prices. They advertise $15 for gel nails, thats only for straight polish! If you want any type of manicure its an extra $7. If you want the gel polish with glitter it is $30! I just do a manicure at home before and go in for my gel nail polish. Ann is great, she takes her time and doesn't try to sell you ridiculous things. My cuticles were really dry so she sent me home with a bottle of cuticle oil for free. That's the type of service you expect, I will continue going back for her to do my nails. They don't take reservations Friday-Sunday. They also charge $1 extra for using plastic to pay.
5	Absolutely fantastic pkace to do your nail. honest price. great quality. if you are not willing to pay 40-50 for your nail , this is good place to get your nail done
1	If I could give this place NEGATIVE stars I would. I live in the area and dropped by to check it out. The male nail tech looking like a wanna be justin beiber with his hair combed front, has the worst customer service. I went in along with a friend who was getting a full set. Anyways, he asked if I wanted a full set, I said no I wanted to get a pedicure. He decides that because I didnt want a fullset, I wasnt going to get a pedicure. Long story short, he helps the next customers waiting while im waiting for a pedicure chair. So we get into a light argument because I tell him, I was waiting. Needless to say I refused to get any service done at this place and he went crazy saying I was causing him stress. A few other customers waiting ended up walking out too. Aaaaand im sitting here writing this review yes in their waiting area im being told this guy is the owner...I hope you know as an owner you lost a grip of customers today
1	WARNING!!!!!!So I decided to stop in and get a full white tip set and pedi but let me tell you i didnt even stay long enough for them to finish my full set before I noticed the job was done horribly wrong... So I complained before the man finished he than began to tell me how nothing was wrong with my nails.. Now im a woman who gets sets and pedis every two weeks to know whether the job was done correct and it was far from professional...How ever I was charged 60 bucks for the s****y nail job i did recieve he's lucky I left a 3.00 tip because I was mad as ever!!!Never again will I go back to this place and if your a person who won't settle I advise not to go either!!!!!
