4	Just got an oil change and a coolant flush, both reasonably priced for quality products with always friendly and professional service. No one trying to force you to buy anything you don't need but they will let you know what's going on with your car and what your options are. I would come here because I trust the guys that work here, decent prices, great customer service.
4	We started taking our cars here after buying one of those $20 3 Oil Change Coupon books. Since then we have had brake work done on my wife's car and most recently took my car in to replace a bad fuel pump. They are courteous and allowed me to pick up my car after they were technically closed so that I didn't have to arrange for a ride there the next morning.We will definitely continue to use them and I think they've gotten their money's worth out of that initial coupon we bought.
5	Scott Blakely & and team Ted Wiens came through on finding 235/55 18 RFT's for my 2010 RAV4 and at the most reasonable price point for Run Flat Tires. I had to visit the next day to get the tire pressure warning light to go out and the crew ganged up on my car to take care of it without question. bottom line, it is about the good relationship and not the margins. However, I am sure the margin does matter. Thanks BOYZ!Mij N.
1	I have had my belt replaced after coming in originally for an oil change not once, but twice. My G35 Infiniti Coupe which has never had any issues started screeching. I brought it back in and they didn't hear the noise, but changed the belt again. I was told to bring it back in when my car consistently makes the noise. Fast forward 8 months and my car ends up through AAA at a different auto body shop, Vegas Auto Body for a new thermostat. I ask John, to take a look at the belt because ever since it was changed the noises occurred. He didn't even hesitate in saying after looking at my car that the belt that was put on from before was too big! That I should take it back and get the right one put on. I take it back, the same waste lf time again....nothing wrong with the belt,  but now a pulley. I have been a customer of Ted Weins from Tampa, Fl to Vegas for all oil change, tires, and service needs.NEVER AGAIN!
2	I found this place through yelp and it seemed like it was a lot of good reviews. My first experience here was great. I got an oil change and then another time, my car locked on me so I took it there to reset it and they weren't able to do anything because I needed to replace my key. My third service there was due to my power steering wheels not working right. They had to deal with my Averex Warranty. My warranty decided to get a second hand parts for my car and they didn't let me know about it until after the car was given back to me. Well the problem with the mechanics giving me my car back is all of a sudden it's hard to back up, make a left and right turn and there's a weird sound and my car shakes from time to time. I'm putting full force just to turn and back up...  When I took my car in for service none of that was happening. If you're a certified mechanic they shouldn't have given me my car back knowing that its not drive able. All Randy can tell me is not to drive too much cause its unsafe... Ya think!!!  It took me about 3 1/2 weeks just to bring my car back to this place. I got there at 11am. Two hours later after eating my lunch I asked Randy how long is it going to take? He obviously said he doesn't know because he seems to never know anything, he said its because they have to measure the power steering parts etc, which to me sounded like a bunch of bull, so I stepped away and looked outside and my car has been in the same parking spot and they never got around to my car, while I can hear and see other customers after me asking for service for their car. Every time, I've heard them say to other customer their car should be ready in an hr and so forth, while they never attended to my car.. I've been waiting like an idiot....Then once they  saw me see my car in the same spot then Randy must have told one of his mechanic to finally start on my car. So I called Averex to found out what's really going on and the specialist said he never heard from Randy since the last time I brought the car in for this issue which was 3 1/2 weeks ago...  I called right in front of Randy and called him out on it and he just apologize and said he hasn't called etc. then why the hell am I waiting for this long! Also the last time I was at their shop I was their for over five hrs just to get my car back in the worst condition and I have a CLK Benz so that's the worst part about it. So the problem has not been fix and Im glad I didn't pay them my deductible because their service so far is the worst. When I ask them if someone can take me home Randy pretended he asked and then ask me how I will be able to come back for my car, geez obviously my car is at your shop, shouldn't your driver be able to pick me up and drop me off as quality service for your customers! When I hear his other sales person/ front guy talks to other customers he was more accommodating. Some lady ask if their drivers can take her home, they never ask her if she has a way to get back to the shop...  It sucks because I still have to take my car back to this place I wish I can take it to a different shop.... They need to fix my freaking car and get their mechanics together, it seems to me not everyone that's a mechanic their can fix cars so watch out because you might just get an amateur mechanic, with crappy customer service.... Who wants to sit and wait around and get your car back in a much worst  condition! I regret coming here unfortunately I can't go anywhere else because they've already been paid for and they have to fix my car....
