1	I didn't even want to give one star, but I had to. This place has the most inconsiderate and uncaring staff i have ever seen. My neighbors were terrible. OH and anything can happen and as long as its after 6 they are "not responsible for it." This includes shootings apparently, which happened while I was living here. Not to mention the fact that my AC was out for a total of 5 days in 90 degree weather. I mean really where does it end? Save yourself the trouble and stay far far away from this place. This place ruined my freshman year of college.
1	Eeeek. I lived here for a year.....and spent the entire year counting down to my move-out date.I lived here right before the property got renovated and spent the last month with a renovated unit.I found this community and liked it at first because it appeared tucked away, had a lot of woods surrounding it (I'm a country girl, so woods in Charlotte are like diamonds in the rough.), and HUGE units for a great price. The office staff, while young and college-y seemed nice enough.After I signed the lease, many friends told me how notorious this place was. Because it was tucked away and had cheap rent, it was a breeding ground for crime.The units are pretty old too and definitely not well-maintained, so all the units smell of mold and I had several areas collecting dark mold in my room. I was sick on and off for most of the year. But the fact that it was there at move in was unacceptable.In college housing, you will always witness parties, some sketchiness, and dirty grounds. But the extent of that is usually nothing crazy. It's a different story here.I witnessed a girl having a seizure due to what I assume was a drug overdose IN THE PARKING LOT. One night, nine police cars were at my neighbor's house doing what I assume was a drug bust. People roam around the complex during the night doing who knows what. To top it off, when I moved in, this one girl forfeited her lease and left. She left all of her things in the apartment and the new tenants had no where to put our things. I have boxes that are still packed because I had no room to put it with all her junk. At move out, we were told that we had to remove all her belongings or we would be charged.The girl's belongings smelled heavily of cat piss causing the whole unit to have an odor, the carpet was ripped in places when we moved in-which I was also charged $400 for at move out, there are holes in the walls. No one cleaned after the previous tenants left at all. I would have sued for the ripped carpet charge, but I did not have photo evidence at move-in so would have no way to prove it was ripped.Just check craigslist- it's FILLED with tenants from this place trying to sublease their units. The abundant space is not worth any of this.They did have a $2 million dollar renovation in which they added "granite" countertops, light fixtures, and wood floors to the living room....but the apartments need way more than that done. Also, all the woods around the complex are now gone and they're building a new complex in it's place. So, you'll probably here a lot of construction noise.DO NOT LEASE HERE!!! They pretty much prey on students to get away with not maintaining their property and overcharging for everything. Not worth the $400 a month per room in rent.
1	This place does not deserve a star. When I found this place it was nice and pristine, gated community, salt water pool, gym, and everything included. Too good to be true. The apartments also came with bed buds, roaches, and other nasty bugs you could think of. I purchased the upgraded unit A (biggest room, first floor) & Day 1 of moving in I was the first one.. The fridge was full of old, moldy, nasty food.. kitchen filthy. Laundry room dusty and filled with dirty clothes. My room... provided mattress was dirty and had a large gash on the top of it. Bathroom...toilet wasn't even on the ground. Shower & sink was not draining smoothly. Day 3 found a couple of flat bugs on my white pillow cases. My boyfriend had to tell me that those were bedbugs. I reported the incident to the office immediately and they were trying to accuse me of the pests move in too. HELL NO! I requested that the fix EVERYTHING wrong with the apartment and call an exterminator to fix the problem or they would have to terminate my lease immediately.They took a whole week to get heat therapy for the apartment. Then told me in order to cancel my lease i would have to get a sub-leaser. So then I called the health dept.. not just for the quality of the living conditions  but because the whole complex was nasty. Every single dumpster in the complex was full and over flowing. Raccoons were having a field day. Bugs and the smell of hot garbage was everyday greeting until the health dept. showed up 3weeks later. The health department officer not only confirmed everything i was saying about the apartment but he also noticed and checked stuff that completely went over my head like the carbon monoxide detector that was removed and not replaced. and the smoke detectors with no batteries in them. When he left ALL maintenance personnel for 49 North were scattering to fix issues with ALL apartments. Garbage as well picked up the next day.My car was towed even with the appointed sticker in my window.  My apartment was broken into twice in the same week. At this point I'm irate with the office and tired of the slum lord activity and demanded that they terminate my lease immediately before i take them to court because with all their "security" they should be able to tell me or anyone else in the complex wtf is going on. The office manager finally agreed to letting my out of my lease. Not just me but my roommates as well because they wanted to move too. The manager told us we had a week to be gone because they had a group of friends who wanted an apartment together. A$$holes!DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PLACE ESPECIALLY IF YOU DON"T CARE TO HAVE ROOMATES. THE DOORS ARE NOT SECURED AND THEY MONITOR  YOUR ENTRY! YOU CAN'T HAVE COMPANY PARK NEAR YOUR APARTMENT AFTER 10PM AND AS THEY SAY IT YOUR NOT ALLOWED TO HAVE COMPANY ESPECIALLY IF YOUR NOT HOME. F THIS PLACE.
