1	We planned our trip late and El Monte Las Vegas was the only company with available RVs. In retrospect, a bad sign.  - Customer service: We waited 4 hours before anyone would acknowledge us about the RV we reserved. Others renters had been there more than 5 hours waiting to check out. While some of their team members are well intentioned, others sit around unwilling to talk to you unless your name is next on the list. Similarly, returning the RV took 1.5 hours. Add travel time to their location and El Monte ate an entire day of my vacation! - Hidden Charges: The RV pricing looks good on the web, but then EL Monte adds on numerous charges and set up fees. Worst of all: Their RVs don't come with bedding or kitchen supplies, but they'll rent these to you at exorbitant rates. For example, a set of pots and dishes that could be purchased for $40 at Walmart cost $125 a week to rent. A set of blankets and sheets for one person rents for $50!- Equipment: before we drove off the lot both the toilet and the cap to the fresh water tank needed to be fixed. In the case of the latter, a locking cap was replaced with a cap with no lock,  so potentially someone could access and pour anything into our freshwater tank.  Pretty unsafe. On the road, the whole rig rattled and the engine whined up any incline. My kids named it "the hunk of junk." These RVs have been ridden hard.- My advice: book ahead somewhere (anywhere) other than El Monte, even if it's more expensive. In the end, you'll save money and your precious hours of vacation.
5	El Monte used to be amazing and I'm giving them a five star rating because they still have the best inventory. You can't find a Class A vehicle at their competitors. This being said, service used to be stellar and has gone downhill in recent years. Still, it remains the best in comparison to the alternatives and you will save quite a bit as opposed to purchasing your own and having to maintain it.
5	We were extremely satisfied with the service and selection of rvs here. Mileage was was also reasonable compared to other establishments in the area. Nyle and Andrea were very accommodating and even tossed in a few extra sheets for us. Issues which occurred while on the road were resolved amiably.
1	We scheduled our reservation 3 weeks ago. My partner went to pick up the bus rv this morning and was told we would need to wait until 1230p, because they needed to clean and maintenance the vehicle. When he got back, he was then infomed we will need to.wait longer, due to el monte needing to change all the tires. At $350/day, not including fuel, the least the could do is have the vehicle ready. We will lose a total of 24 hours due to their screw up. They didnt even offer a proration of the daily rate. Never again.
