3	I never heard of this outfit until I moved over here from L.A. at the beginning of '09.  I see on their Website that they have stores all the way across the South & Southwest, but not in California.  Now, it has taken me all this year-and-a-half plus to try the place, a stone's throw from my house, but today I finally made it!I found a clean, comfortable dining room here, an easy to follow menu, friendly service, & low prices.  That's certainly a start!  SO, I ordered a burger, fries, & a vanilla shake.  Creative, huh?    :-))My "Whataburger" was a good husky burger with better taste than a Whopper or Jumbo Jack, I think.  The fries were hot & crispy & the shake good...  not as special as the ones at Jack in the Box or Carl's Jr., but also much less expensive.Whataburger Combo w/shake upgrade:  $5.83Everything was right about this place, & I like it!
4	Clean dinning room, easy parking. I got the JrWhataburger and medium onion rings $4.02. Had I noticed the limited seasonal menu that included a pineapple milkshake I sure would have ordered that too! I originally wanted to kids meal but the Jr Burger includes some veggies so I don't feel so bad about skimping the diet plan - they also will make an Barq's Rootbeer float if you ask with the vanilla icecream and the fountain rootbeer. They make it however you want it it's pretty great to have one near by again wish they'd make it further out west but I guess In'n'Out would be a huge competition. What you don't pay in dollars you will in calories LOL but sometimes you just need a treat.
5	as you pass this whataburger you take a look at the restaurant and think how could the food be any good?  lol.well, the food is freakin awesome!  i decided to visit when i saw a national chain hamburger ranking on yahoo and saw whataburger in the top 3.  so i came.i love all their burgers!  no joke.  the fries are so dang good.  not sure if this is good but the fries and drink come as a large.  crazy i know but when food is this good i don't mind.the service is above average when compared to other burger chains.  i know most whataburgers do not look appealing but give this place a shot.enjoy.
5	Get the Whataburger as is and the onion rings are a little sweet but good.
3	Stopped back in here tonight & here's an Update since it's been about a year and a half.  I had a regular Whataburger ($2.94) & a small Fries ($1.49).  The dining room was clean & comfortable, the service friendly, & the sizes of the items right for the money.  The burger was well topped, with lettuce, tomato, & diced raw onions, on a warm, toasted bun.  The flavor of the meat was quite ordinary though, & fell well short of the best burgers in town, so it's another 3 Stars for this completely "ok" but not special place.     :-)
4	Big, juicy, meatly, cheesy burgers with an endless combination of toppings.  The fried zuccini is also a nice change to the old burger and fry combo.
1	I got a #5 from here once and they forgot the meat on my burger. How do you forget the meat?!? And they've also forgotten other stuff on other trips there... Given them multiple chances but they can't get it right. Never again.
4	After driving by this place almost everyday I decided I would try there breakfast. I was pleasantly surprise! I had the breakfast platter which contains scrambled eggs, a biscuit, hash brown sticks, and sausage. Very well done WHATABURGER! There apple pie wasn't bad either! I would recommend it to everyone! As for the location yea it's questionable and maybe not too safe at night but hey I went at 8am so it was all good! Lol
2	Stay away from that expensive Green Chili Double Meat burger.  NASTY!!!  I tried one yesterday.  All it was was two patties, some kind of white cheese, and a gross, funky type green chili pesto spread.  Awful.  I actually though it would come with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, pickles, etc with green chili's.  WRONG.  However, walk-in service was fast and friendly.  I may try this place again for the regular Whataburgers.
