1	By far, the WORST dry cleaner in the area.  I brought a rather expensive shirt for cleaning and when I got it back, the front pocket was on the inside!!!  How did that happen?  I can only assume that it was ripped off by accident and they tried to sew it back on without me knowing.  Only thing is, they put it on backward!  When I went back to the store to complain, they became confrontational and they said there was no way that it could have happened.  I offered to provide pictures of the shirt from when I wore it last and they continued to be conrontational.  I would NEVER use this place again and I have reported them to the Better Business Bureau.  Do not go to this place!!!!!!!!!
4	If you read all my reviews, you know that customer service is my hot button.  I switched from my last dry cleaner because after two years of weekly visits, they still looked at me like it was my first visit.I wear a shirt and tie every day, so I have a lot of shirts.  To be literal, they're not dry cleaned but laundered, right?  So, no suits, no big ticket items, just men's dress shirts.My shirts are always ready in two days, which is fine with me.  Their hours are very convenient as well.  However, the 4 star rating is for knowing me.  Not just the owner, but the employees as well.I wear a name badge so it would be easy to address me by name, but they don't.  They go one better.  They know my phone number, so they punch in my order instantly and I'm out of there quickly.Today, they went one step further.  I pulled up a few spaces away from the store (not directly in front) and when I entered, they already had my order waiting for me.WOW.  That's impressive to me.  Recognition of a loyal customer and above and beyond customer service.  And my shirts look good, too.
1	Go here if you enjoy having the Manager, Jay telling you how things should be - i.e. - hemming one leg of my pants different from the other one then not doing ANYTHING to fix the issue but yell (to the point of other customers staring)... and then in the same order I had my favorite suit come back with a small hole on the forearm sleeve only for Jay again to tell me he didn't have anything to do with it and just gave me my money back?! ONLY AFTER arguing (unprofessionally in my opinion) for about 10-15 minutes... I would rather wash my clothes in a river before going back here - you've all been warned!
1	Don't get your pants altered here either. My boyfriend from LA was in town and he brought his work slacks to be altered on Saturday and was told they would be ready for pickup on Wednesday, 5pm. When we returned on Wednesday, the pants had not yet been brought over...we  were told that alterations are done at their other site, on Maryland and Silverado Ranch Blvd. We asked the clerk to call the other site  to let them know that we would pick up our order ourselves. We drove to the  Maryland and silverado ranch site , and when we go there, the slacks were far from ready- there were chalk marks on the hem and they were not pressed. My boyfriend was so upset and wanted to speak with the manager. When he spoke to the manager ( I believe his name was Jae) the manager had the nerve to say " if you were from Vegas and this happened, usually we ask our customers to give us another day to fix the problem, but since you have to fly back to LA tom, then there is nothing we can do." what kind of reasoning is that? the whole time they were on the phone, Jae's voice was raised and he refused to understand the situation his customer was in. Very unprofessional. I think 4 days is enough time for alterations. We waited for 30 mins for them to finish the work that was supposed to have already been completed by 5 PM.
4	The only two other reviews (negative) were written awhile ago, so I feel compelled to write a positive review for Legend Cleaners. I was new to the area and needed a dry cleaner for my suits and dress shirts and they were the most conveniently located place so I decided to try them out. Overall, a really good place to bring your clothes. The price is reasonable (much cheaper than in CA where I came from) and the staff is actually really nice. Since I go in fairly often to bring in clothes, I have gotten to recognize the staff and never had a problem with anything (although their internet/credit card machine does go down every now and then). However, the manager is ok with leaving the charged amount in my account and having me pay the next time I come in (that's customer service) and ensures that I will be a returning customer. Definitely recommend Legend Cleaners.
4	This dry-cleaners is close to my house. Although they advertise "Most items $2.50", several of mine were priced higher, with seemingly no rhyme or reason to it.  The service was friendly, however, and they don't require pre-payment.One really notable thing that happened, however, was that the young man who handled my items and rang me up when I dropped off my clothes must have miscounted.  My receipt/bill said $23.55.  When I went to pick up my clothes, they said that I owed $30.31.  I questioned it, and she explained that he had miscounted and I actually had 12 items cleaned instead of 9.  I probably looked upset, but I didn't say anything.  She said that she'd give me a discount because of the error and only charged me $26. I thought that was very considerate and I really appreciated the customer service.
5	Item are cleaned and ready as scheduled, they offer inexpensive but quality work, and decent hours of operations.Note, there is a drive through for those of you with children!
5	I drove up on a rainy day (drive through door) and the guy immediately came out and opened my back seat door to take out all my garments. He quickly processed them, asked for my name & # (First time visit) and clearly showed my total $ plus what kind of stuff I dropped off. I love their POS with a real receipt and barcode on it, quicker & efficient. Love that they aren't afraid of technology and did away with those written carbon papers with a tear off ticket I always seem to misplace. There's another dry cleaner literally walking distance, but I saw negative reviews on rudeness and that's one thing I don't stand for. $1.75 vs. $2.50 I rather pay more! I will update this once I get my stuff back but I was just so impressed with their customer service I had to write a review.
5	Great customer service and price.
4	Decided to try this place out since its so close to home.  The took amazing care of my garments. They actually look the way they did when I first bought them! It took two days to get my garments which isn't a big deal for me; however I thought that their normal turnaround time would have been next day The price was affordable and most of my garments really were $2.50 each.  The customer service was great and they even have a drive -thru which is an added bonus! Now I can drop-off and pick-up without taking my child out of the car :-)Be sure to take advantage of their 10% off special when you have 10 or more pieces cleaned.
5	I got some shirts and dresses and a large comforter dry cleaned there. They did a really good job and I will be back. The cashier was super friendly a real delight I think her name was Lisa. Thank you for the great service and quality of work.
5	Danny the sales associate is so friendly.  We use Legend Cleaners weekly for our business attire.  Always comes back clean, crisp and looking sharp.  Very affordable and prompt.  Takes a day or two for cloths to come back, but if we ever need a quick turn around they are always willing to do it, just ask.  Great cleaners!!!
5	I tried out Legend cleaners for the first time about 18 months ago after another cleaners kept losing track of my items. That never happens at Legend because they carefully label each article of clothing individually. The drive-thru window is extremely convenient when I'm in a rush or don't feel like leaving the comfort of my air conditioned vehicle during the  summer months. Their prices are reasonable and I occasionally use them for my tailoring needs as well. I am a regular customer who drops off about 20 to 30 items a month. Very Satisfied!!!!
5	Irene D - I have been going to this place for six years and they do a great job.  Their customer service is fantastic and you can also go through their drive-through.   They also do a great job on alterations.  I have never had a bad experience there unlike at other cleaners before I started going there.
2	I took my husband's shirts to be pressed and cleaned and they came back with more wrinkles than they originally had. They are also more expensive than most places in the area. Their only advantage is the drive thru.
1	garbage. ruined my army dress blue uniform for a simple dry cleaning. it's awesome because I'm wearing it for my own wedding this weekend. thanks a lot. --- obviously you don't know how to run your business.
1	No stars.. My first time experience I had an interview so I took my clothes in on a Saturday and they told me pick up after 5pm, my interview was Tuesday morning until they LOST MY PANTS. The Asian guy told me I have to go with my back up plan?!! Yea,, he is rude ,,,.who says that?? Never coming here again, they are a fluster!!!
5	Very impressive staff. Owner is wonderful! Remembers me and when he sees me he gets my clothes right away. Great service!!
1	Tried calling to get hours. There's no info on yelp, or answering machine. It just rang. I think someone picked up .... But I'm not sure ... No one said anything and the I was hung up on. Weird. After reading the reviews... Guess I'll just stick with pressing my own clothes. What a pain in the ass I can't really rate based on my experience with clothes. But the phone call was annoying.
1	The worst cleaner ever.  When I arrived to pick up my jacket, it was still in their dirty laundry basket.  I will never go back.  This place is unorganized & messy!
1	I gave this place a lot of business. But when they messed up on 2 brand new shirts i asked to get shortened. They messed up and now. I've been going back and fourth over a month just trying to get paid for my shirts. The owner is trying to do unessisary things. I would never tell people to go here. They wont insure your items
1	I brought in a very expensive comforter. Completely 100% Organic cotton. It was too big to wash at home. I don't know how they can ruin 100% cotton by washing it, but they did. The texture was ruined. It was shedding all over the place. I  really couldn't say anything because the comforter was mistakenly delivered to me. The recipient lived on the other side of town...not sure how it ended up on my doorstep. I called UPS to pick it up...never came. After storing & forgetting about the ginormous box in my garage, I decided to use it. It was heavenly. Best comforter I ever had. Until this place ruined it. I just figured that's what I get for keeping stuff that didn't belong to me. *karma*
1	I would NOT recommend using this cleaner unless you do not value your belongings.  I gave them very simple directions of "Do not iron collars" because on dress shirts if you iron the collars and there are collar stays that can't be taken out, it will cause an outline/stain/melted area on the collar which looks horrible and can't be fixed.  I've had dozens of shirts ruined this way in the past.  The girl behind the counter wrote "Do not iron colors", I told her collars is misspelled and she said, "It's okay, they know what I mean."  I asked her if its all the same I'd rather she just re-write it, she declined.  Low and behold, 8 shirts with collar stays that couldn't be removed all had the damaged areas which looked horrendous and rendered my shirts unwearable.  Do not go here.
2	Service has slipped the past few months and I was forced to switch cleaners after items kept getting misplaced and mistagged and  one item went missing for good. They also ruined one of my wives dresses the last time we used this cleaner.
