3	I've eaten here twice since it recently opened. The pick up to go  was a horrible experience.  Fajitas  for 2  were cold but that's not a problem since there were no tortillas present.   Drove back, had them heat  some new ones ( I think they redid the old)   and even though I am under  5 minutes away they lost their heat. They just don't travel.  Avoid.  Manager was apologetic but  I get the feeling that it was cursory  rather than bollicking out the preparer for such an obvious error ( Trip Two .  Way better.  While the greeter was  decidedly not into  greeting us, there was something way more interesting occurring with a co worker , the server ,Robert,  rocked and for once I got the feeling that here's someone that's not being infected by whatever corporate style guide exists.    Food was  in reasonable time. hot, as  described and my (un)usual order of a bacon cheeseburger with black bean patty   arrived   intact.  Erin's chicken tacos were  pretty good but a look at the nutrition guide, post lunch, showed them to contain  more sodium and hfcs than Paris Hilton washing her mouth out with soda after making a video.   (no I'm not proud of that line,  lies  I'm quite proud of it: :) In and out   in under an hour. Fountain drinks  had the right syrup mix  and the price was  reasonable.   While Yelp is providing me with many wonderful new places to try there are times, and it comes down to time where I need  to trade quality/ time ( e.g  lunch hour:) or places where a  crayon launching toddler is  not so out of place.    To get "perlitical" for a moment many eschew the idea of chains as a valid option  due to their  repetitiveness  and narrow range of food/ options which  are somehow as seen as inflicting a limited range on people that frequent them.  I like to treat them as if they were unique  and review them accordingly. If being in a chain means a reliance on frozen ready made parts to heat then  there's a hell of  a lot of independents shopping in the same freezer aisles / supply chain  alongside them and both should be called on it.
4	I don't really like places like Chili's and Applebees (I think they are the same thing) but have gotten roped into going on several occasions.  I generally view their food as unhealthy and nothing special.  Lunch today was no exception and I would have liked to eat almost anywhere else.  Anyway, my employer was buying so what the heck.Upon arriving I noticed that this had to be one of the nicest Chili's i have ever been to.  I must have been recently remodeled.  It was actually pretty nice!  Our party of 7 was seated promptly and the waiter was quick to take our order.  He was very friendly, quick, didn't make mistakes and most importantly was fast with my diet coke refills.  It was very good service considering the size of our party and it was the weekday  "lunch rush".  Here is my breakdown:* Queso dip and chips - Of course my group had to order this because it was exactly what I needed....a yummy mess of cholesterol and calories.  Plus, I swear the stuff is addicting.  The chips are fresh and good and their salsa is also somehow very good and spicy.* Chicken Fajitas - I thought this to be one of their healthier meal options so I decided to give it a try.  They were very good.  I didn't have the tortillas, guac or the sour cream, but it didn't matter.  The sauteed onions, peppers, chicken and whatever else were very good all on their own.  I licked my plate clean.* Lava Cake topped with ice cream- Why do my coworkers do this to me?  I had a few bites and it was excellent.  I could have eaten the whole thing myself.  The same goes for that other dessert we got.  It was some ice cream over a brownie thing.I can't believe I'm giving this place 4 stars but it really wasn't too bad.  I won't rush back but won't be opposed to going either.
2	I have eaten at a few different Chilis recently and the experience has been the same across the board.  I used to love Chilis, and now I think it's AWFUL!  They have definitely sacraficed quality and service.  Their menu is poor compared to what it used to be, and their fajitas are now terrible. The marinade on the meat is inappropriate and doesn't taste good.  The quality is poor.  Everything is an extra charge - beans and rice, chips and salsa. Beware. If it's not specifically listed on the menu with your dish and they ask you if you want it, it's an extra charge.The margaritas still have a good flavor but they are no longer served in margarita glasses as they used to be. Now they come in a beer mug. Maybe I'm old-fashioned, but I like my margaritas done right.All things considered, I don't think this place is worth going to anymore, and there are definitely places with much better food for the price.  I am no longer a Chilis fan.
5	Okay, seriously, I LOVE their Salmon.  I never, ever would have thought that a chain restaurant could produce something that good, but it is definitely worth the try.  I hate to say it, but Chili's is becoming one of my favorites.  Besides, the husband likes it, so why not?!
1	I like eating here for the soup.  But this time the service was horrible. They kept my daughter waiting for her chicken tenders, REALLY???  Our food was cold by the time she got her food, then they only gave us a discount.
4	I've been to other mediocre Chili's in Phoenix, but this location is my favorite. The bar looks like it's been recently remodeled and has a cool modern vibe. I love the padded, high-backed barstools and we've only experienced friendly bartenders who know better than to rush you through your meal.I LOVE the blackberry margarita (and I'm not even a big marg drinker) and the chicken enchilada soup (I add extra lime to mine). The sliders were so-so, but for five bucks (happy hour), what the heck.
2	I am an avid Chili's goer and know what to expect each time I hit one.  The server was really nice, but the wait was amazingly long. It took almost 15 minutes before we got our drinks and by the time we got out appetizers (Texas cheese fries) the fries were soggy under plastic cheese. The foos was okay (which was 40 minutes after we ordered). The place was no more busy than a typical dinner rush, we even were seated pretty quickly.I enjoyed my experience, but the food was definitely sub-par, not sure I would probably come back.
3	I love Chili's.  Since this is a chain, I won't really comment too much on the food.  Our server was ok.  We were seated quickly and our waitress was pretty attentive up front.  My mom and I were initially the only ones at the table.  My dad unexpectedly dropped by between us ordering and our food coming.  I don't think the waitress even noticed and took a while to come over and refill our drinks and offer my dad something.  The food itself was good and prepared as you'd expect.  It was served hot and everything was good with that portion of the meal.  Once we got the food the server seemed to be more attentive and was quick about bringing me more tortillas for my fajitas.  Overall, it was an ok experience.
4	Let me first be honest, hate the food. But the atmosphere and the bar keep are the reasons I keep coming back. Mike always keeps drinks flowing. And after the remodel, lots of TVs. Food is average, I used to love the California turkey club. But they took it off the menu. But like I said, its all about the atmosphere and the bar keep for me.
1	So-so bland food, served by some of the most witless / clueless robots on God's green earth. At first, I thought they were just being sarcastic, but the fact is that the servers were so incompetant as to make to make me wonder if they were part of some program to hire mentally challenged. I truly feel sorry for them, and any customers they have to interact with. Sorry, just sorry.
5	Thank you Mike bartender for being a gentlemen...and all the staff you always give a fabulous time and make me feel rockstar-ish...See ya tonite!
2	Always have enjoyed eating at Chili's but this location was not up to par. Ordered pick up for the margarita grilled chicken and when I returned to my office to eat it was surprised to find only 1/2 the regular portion in the box. -3 stars for value in my book. Will not be ordering pick up from here again.
4	Chili's is Chili's. It's mass marketed bar/grill food, so I'm sure you know what to expect when you go. But this location actually impressed me quite a bit from the last time I went some few years ago. The service was actually very, very good. The gal was training a new employee with us and considering even that I was still thoroughly pleased.Chili's is a chain. Standard Bar/grill faire. But of all the places we could have gone instead, this was actually a very positive experience.
2	It's like any other chili's. not the best service; not the worst.  It's a chain so i don't think they really care about training people to be spot-on.
5	Our server was awesome and both the appetizers and food came out quickly.  Food was delicious and we will definitely be back.
3	This is your regular Chili's. The wait on the weekend in the evenings is average 20-40 minutes.The food is decent, haven't had anything bad, and their Ribs are always delicious.Service was prompt and polite.It is by a mall and is one of the more convenient places to get to, but I would probably lean towards somewhere else as I prefer more exotic foods.Great place for kids however.
3	It was just OK! I wouldn't come back to this place. I've experienced at another better CHILI's. My chicken was not that great because of burn and cooked too long. The server has checked on us once in a while. We were not satisfied with this visit.
3	It was the same good service. nothing really speacial its just another Chillies.
2	What happen to Chilis. I used to eat at Chilis all the time. Great food and the Margaritas where always great. It's been about 5 years and I recently went. The Margaritas and service where great. The food was nothing like it used to be. I had the southwest egg rolls and the fajitas. The egg rolls tasted like something they bought in the frozen section of walmart. The fajitas came out with barley any veggies and only three tortillas. I was not happy and they have lost me as a customer
4	I eat at Chili's all the time.  While I prefer supporting small, local businesses - when you have difficult personalities/eaters in play - sometimes it is easier to just go to a "known" restaurant so people don't get their panties in a bunch.Chili's seems to go one of two ways - GREAT, or awful.  This experience was pretty great!  We stopped in for lunch on a whim (between meetings for work) and ordered a couple of lunch specials.  Let me tell you, I paid fast food prices for an AMAZING half BLT, great fries, and a side salad.  My co-worker ordered the flat bread and got a side salad as well.  The food was HOT, it was well-presented, tasty, and did I mention it was priced well?  :)The only "issue" that arose was our drinks didn't get refilled in the most timely manner, but they did get refilled.  I am pretty good about keeping a "reserve" but some people I dine with aren't.I was really surprised, given the location, that the restaurant was clean, the staff were all pleasant, and that the food was so good.If you are afraid to eat in this neck of the woods, this Chili's is a good bet!
1	Worst service ever! I just got out from there ans I was not given my food after like 20 minutes. I had order a salad... How can someone take so long to make a salad? Plus y was given my ticket and took other 15 minutes just to ring me... Shift manager was never checking on guest. There was people before that were waiting for their food... I felt bad eating my food... They were way too busy closing the register... When they should of be taking care of guest ... I'm never going there ever again ...
1	October 19,2013 arrived with the family (6). Was asked to wait 30 minutes. No problem, expected this (6:30pm). 7pm, seated. 7:30 no waitress/waiter took drink order, food order. Other tables around us seated after us served food. Let the hostess know about the problem, she says she would get someone. All the tables around us are emptying out.  7:36pm I say thank you, and we went to MIMI's across the street for dinner.
4	= = = = = =  BOTTOMLESS EXPRESS LUNCH!  = = = = = =Came to this Chili's for the first time today, joined by Jackie C. & Mike C.  I went with the all-you-can-eat weekday lunch special which included a big bowl of good tortilla chips & salsa to start, followed by soup & salad.  I went with a bowl of the Chicken Enchilada Soup, topped with tortilla chips, bacon, chives & 3 cheeses.  Then after a nice salad it was on to a bowl of Southwest Chicken Soup, containing hominy, tomato, chile broth & topped with Cilantro, tortilla strips & 3 cheeses.  Finally, it was a bowl of Loaded Baked Potato Soup, topped with bacon, chives & 3 cheeses.A delicious feast for only $6.99!     :-))
1	As I am writing this review I have yet to see my food. We have been given complimentary chips & salsa. However, I have seen 2 other tables get their food before me. This is terrible service...please beware of this chili's as you will wait for food for it to be warm.
3	The food was good, the servers were really nice. But the service was super slow. Took about 20 minutes just to get my water from them. We also had to ask them after 30 minutes waiting for our food where it was. Then the waitress came back with it and said it was ready. It was sad cuz there were a lot of people waiting outside in the rain to get in and we couldn't go any faster then what they were going. When we got there, it wasn't too busy for them to be that slow.
2	Very slow service, with a long wait for our food as tables around us who came later were served.  Chipper waitress kept coming by and singing "food is almost done!" which became irritating after a white since it obviously wasn't true. When it finally came out, one meal was wrong and had to go back. More waiting . . . . I would skip coming her at peak hours. We came on a Sunday at noon.
4	I love Chili's. This is yet my favorite restaurant. Every time I come the food is delicious. Especially the Chicken Nachos, MY FAV!! always eat as an appetizer. and also if you sign up for e-mails, you get awesome coupons! Always use it, either a free appetizer or dessert.OHMYGOSH! the Skillet Chocolate Chip Cookie, have to eat every time I go! Its beyond delicious! This restaurant never disappoints me :)
2	Good food but bad food choice, I ordered the half rack Memphis rub ribs, and the meat could barely fill up a starving infant . All in all don't order this
5	I love Chili's and so do my little ones. Upon their resounding request, we came. Today the service is a little slow, but normally service is on point. I give a pass, b/c when we walked in every table was sat and it seemed pretty tense. My server was nice and friendly nonetheless and our food was great. Ordering dessert from the Ziosk was pretty nice as well. Keep up the good work Chili's!
2	This place has gone a bit downhill as far as service goes and now methinks the food is to.  It was only 4 pm and there were more service staff to customers.  Maybe it was the heat but the staff looked like they had a Meh! attitude and just going through the motions.  Hostess just pointed me to a table and it took about 10 min. for the wairtress to acknowledge me.  Took about another 10 min to get my ice tea.  The cup of chili was the highlight of the meal and not so much the entree.  A different gal brought my chili but never offered to refill my tea which was empty.  Didn't get a refill until I was part way through my meal.  Good thing they had A/C or I might have become dehydrated lol.  The waitress was very indifferent and I felt like I was more of a bother than a customer.Now for the meal.  Had the chicken fried steak, mashed taters and corn on the cob.  All items felt like they had been sitting under the heating light way too long.  The corn tasted like it had been soaking all day in water, Should have went next door to Red Lobster to borrow a lobster bib, it was so wet, soggy and not crisp.  The mashed taters were ok, but like I said not very hot.  The chicken fried steak was tough and stringy and didn't look like it was very fresh compared to other places and the creamy black pepper gravy had no pepper in it, looked like Mr Magoo missed the gravy and put all the pepper on the corn on the cob!
3	Well, it was good.  The food was good.  But it took a long time to get our food. The service was friendly and attentive, it just took too long to get the actual food.  I ordered a delicious chicken salad that actually had some good heat in the sauce.  The waitress asked, "it is hot, is that ok?" which was nice, and I of course said, "Yes, and bring it".  It wasn't that hot but I can see how the average person would need to be informed of the heat.  Boyfriend got the fajita trio and liked it.  The waitress asked several times if we wanted to use the table top tablet to order more or pay, but I just didn't want to automate and mess around with processing my own order; that's what a server is for.  I'd like to just sit and relax, not figure out an online pay swipe and concentrate on "did I do this right"... NO.  Take my credit card, I'll sign the bill.  Hmmmm hope it's not a trend.
2	Ill keep it simple!PROS:Good ambiance, Clean, Friendly staffNew digital menu and easy to pay pods. New Menu with new items. CONSOnly one and it overrides every PRO they have. Food is ridiculously bad. Oily, onions on the grill item not sauteed right. Fish was undercook and smelly with half a pot of red chilis sprinkled on top. Only good thing we got on our table was the Flatbread and the dessert in the end. The steak and Chicken fajita steak doesnt look anything like in the menu picture. It looks like a kids version of the picture with no seasoning and oily onions. Who is cooking this stuff in the back? Seriously, you can get better food at McDonalds. I hope they find a better chef or train the ones they have the right way. Im giving it 2 stars because the manager was nice enough to take the fish off our bill.. I actually wanted to send the whole table back. We were there to eat, not to waste 1 hour and get half cooked fish.
1	WOW! Don't go here, long wait and my whole family felt ill after. The management is horrible and have no idea what customer service is! The food was less than what it should have been probably because half of it sat around while the other half was cooking! POOR MANAGEMENT and POOR food service all and all this is exactly why I dislike chain shacks that call themselves casual dining, this is slop and there is no dining about it!
1	25 minutes after placing our order waitress said there was a large to go order and they were starting on ours. 20 minutes later our order comes and my burger was cold. Another 20 minutes and I get my burger and it wasn't cold but it wasn't hot either. My wife was served a stale and cold cup of coffee. We went to Chili's at 20th St. and Camelback for years and loved the place, but now we're crossing Chili's off out list.
4	Dont laugh, ok laugh if you must.ITS a dreaded chain, OMG!!!!!  Chili's food is way average.  WAY!!!!  But sometimes it tastes really good when you are hungry and I like this location.Steve the bartender, promises Kiltlifter on tap soon.It quick, fast and easy (TWSS)......  But only go and sit at the bar for me, the service can't' escape you when you sit at the bar:)
1	Veterans Day Fail 0*s chilis on metro you ignored us we had to ask for a waiter after 15 min Food was Old they DO NOT honor veterans I will never return here. I advise any military not to as well you will be treated like CRAP. Watch out they charge u to play trivia n do not disclose it until u pay this place is fraud!
5	= = = = = =  BOTTOMLESS EXPRESS LUNCH!  = = = = = =Made it back to this Chili's today, again joined by Mike C. & Jackie R.  Also enjoyed the same meal as before (see previous Review) except leaving off the Loaded Baked Potato Soup this time.  It's still only $6.99, the table service was great, & I think it earned 5 Stars this time!     :-))
