3	I got my regular - Big Burrito Especial - Chicken.  Yummy.  I swear they use different tortillas here, it was really good.  I like staring at the fish in the tank.
3	Rubios is right on the corner near the theater. They have been there since the complex opened and have always done well. Then place is lean and the staff efficient. The food is average but good. Today I had 2 Fish tacos beans and chips. The tacos were OK the fish was just a little on the soft mushy side but not bad enough to no eat. The flavors are all great with the cabbage and the Baja sauce. The beans are refried with a heavy pepper taste (my kid won't eat em) with a little sprinkle of cojita cheese. I like the beans. Chips are thicker and small but are a nice add on to the meal. The price was good something like $5.75 or something with only water to drink.
1	I used to come to this store for lunch when they first opened years ago. I haven't been in awhile and wanted fish tacos on Saturday. I picked a couple up to take out. This place "used" to be good. I do not know exactly "what" it was..the fish or the tortilla, but it was just a mouthful of mush. The fish was a little tiny sliver of breading with fish in it (supposedly). I spit it out and tossed it in the trash. Tried the second taco...same thing. Had I been at the store, I would have demanded my money back. I do not know they are this disgusting on just the weekends or if they consistantly serve this substandard crap throughout the week.I will never know because they lost my business!
3	It often smells like portapotties outside but if you can withstand it the tacos inside are decent. You can call your order in ahead which is quite convenient since it seems everyone in line ahead of you takes forever to decide on their order. The salsas are good but there all out in the open :/
2	The food is decent, but for fast food I can't handle the SLOW service. The two ladies that routinely take the orders and call them out when ready have to be the slowest fast food workers I think I have ever seen.Neither are friendly. They both seem to be hating their job. Ordered: Nachos with grilled chicken. Decent. But when I have a half hour for lunch I don't want to spend the majority of it in line so Mary Worth can make her extra spending money behind the counter.
5	I love rubios's! It is by far my favorite spot to get quick burrito. Their food is really yummy! This rubio's will serve your taste buds with mouth-watering goodness. The staff is extremely friendly and always delivers prompt service, making an even better experience! I also appreciate how clean everything looks inside this rubio's because the rest of the AMC 30 parking lot looks like a dump! (I've often seen the staff diligently working towards picking up any mess they see and keeping a sharp appearance.) I  will visit this rubio's above any of the others because the environment it excellent!
4	Crispy fish tacos! Hot salsa that is actually pretty hot. Nice clean salsa bar, nice clean restaurant. Service was a tad slower than on past visits, but everything was fresh, clean and crisp. I highly recommend the new avocado corn tacos! Ultra tasty.  Also glad they went back to battering their own Original tacos! Sad to see the Mahi Mahi go away, but it got replaced by Ono, so next visit I'll try those, grilled AND blackened - cuz that's how I used to enjoy the Mahi. Things I can complain about on this visit are: People need to learn to ROLL limes before slicing them...otherwise, getting the juice outta them is pretty unlikely without using the death grip that always ends with the juice right in yer eye!Prices have gone up a bit...I understand fuel costs and all that but three bucks a taco is getting pricey. However, I'd rather the prices stay as high as they are rather than have freshness and quality suffer.
4	Smooth experience, above par food selection, and fast. Not my first time here, and wont be the last.After looking at the receipt I was slightly over charged from the special's menu, but not enough to say anything. Salsa bar, hot chips, and fruit punch made up for it.Thanks guys.
4	Great place to grab something good when you're on the go!! Love the shrimp tacos!
4	We did a large catering order in November.  Everything went smoothly and all items were included.  The food went over well and was pretty much gone.  I would definitely order over as opposed to under what you think you'll need.  I think the serving sizes are a little smaller than they claim.  I also wish they delivered for us.  We had to pick it up which was a little difficult with how much food we ordered.
3	Came here for free tacos after my last experience with another Rubios store. The cashier was friendly, confirmed everything we said, and pretty much got the entire order wrong. We did complicate things a bit, but I didn't get guac on my Especial tacos, and my hubby didn't get the mango habanero salsa. Otherwise, it was fine.Unrelated to rubios, we were sitting outside and the mall security guard just came up to our table, maybe a foot or less from me, and started staring through the window looking at the menu. It was a little unnerving, just him standing there with his stuff in my face while I'm eating. Little weird.Manager came out and cleared our plates, which was nice, and they were out of tea, which I have come to expect from every fast food place ever. Bleh experience.
4	Sure miss our Rubios in Surprise but this is a nice treat near the movie theater on Deer Valley! Food is solid, staff was friendly, salsa was yum as always. Can always count on Rubios for consistent food.
3	I will give them credit for being fast.  The food is ok, but doesn't really stand out in any way.
3	Coastal Trio was pretty good. Give it a try. Yum. $9.19 with tax.  Otherwise, prices are quite high for tacos and such. Must have a coupon to make it a good value.
3	Probably the last review for this location as it closes today.  Thanks for many very good lunches over the past six years.  Love the salsa bar, chips, and burrito especial.  Will have to drive a few minutes to hit the 59th and 101 location-worth the drive :)
5	They closed this location. Not sure why - it always seemed to have a good amount of business. I'm sad.
