4	You don't really go to Macayos for great Mexican food; there are far too many superior hole-in-the-wall places for that in Phoenix/Tempe. But this place has a great happy hour on Fridays. I spent many a Friday afternoon getting here early and drinking late. They put on a decent spread as far as the grub goes, but let's face it: this place is about drinking. And the atmosphere lends itself to that, so drink up and enjoy!
2	this is not the place to go for fabulous mexican food. it's not bad, but it's like going to applebee's and expecting a great steak.i really only like their happy hour cause it comes with free food. mini chimis, chips and salsa and taquitos and such are free if you sit in the bar. i haven't been in awhile, and all locations are different, but from i remember, margaritas weren't a HH special, which is pretty much blashpemy. for friday HH there is usually a DJ. this particular location has been going through some heavy renovations, as there will be a light rail stop literally on their patio doorstep (p.s. the otuside area is HUGE), so imagine in the next few years this plca will have a fairly large crowd for HH all week long.
3	When we hadn't made any other plans for Cinco de Mayo, and we didn't feel like putting in much creativity - yet wanted to keep up the "eat Mexican food on May 5th tradition" we would occasionally end up here.  Not that it was near where we lived, as all of us were in North Phoenix, but it was because we wanted it to be "special" than the other normal times we ate at the same Mexican food restaurants.  I think that is the highlight of this location.  It's a little different than other locations.  They have great happy hour specials.  Things get insane on Cinco de Mayo (at least 2 years we just ate at the bar because we couldn't even get a table).  It's Macayos level food, and a slightly more interesting physical location.  There are usually a few attractive college folks either working there or dining - and that can at least add to the overall atmosphere.  That said, occasionally large groups of said college folks can have the opposite effect.  You have to take your chances.
3	They have a great patio for the over twenty one crowd! Full of bars, tables, fountains and crazy dcor this place seems like a great hang out. The only probem is it is quite big which means way overcrowded with sun devils and very noisey. Probably better to try on a off day. The restraunt itself is ok. Came here the other day and ordered the taco salad with beef. I noticed they have one up on most restraunts taco salads because it came with black olives yumm yumm as well as corn. You think that would be a common thing, but it is not.Good food, but to busy of a location for this senorita
3	I finally ate lunch here after not being able to get decent parking for Quiznos on Mill Ave.  My coworker and I were starving and needed a place to shoot the shit so we decided to give it a try.  I really did enjoy the patio area.  The weather was amazing and I had cabin fever from being stuck in my office all morning attending boring meetings.  They do hand out the free chips and salsa (glad it was free b/c they weren't tasty enough to actually pay for).  I ordered the BBQ Chicken pizza and was pleasantly surprised.  It was a good portion and I didn't get sick so I was happy.  The wait staff seemed so busy yet there weren't that many people in the restaurant but we are talking about a college crew so I can forgive them for their lack of detail and attention.  Macayos isn't my favorite "Cantina" but I'm sure it will hit the spot on another beautiful day when I need to unwind in the warm sun.  I'm giving it 3 stars based on the open patio, good parking and the fact I didn't have to ride the porcelain bus later that day.
2	i would say this place is pretty good.  granted it was a monday night but i was almost the only other person there.  i ate at the bar and the bartender was very nice though.  the fajitas are so-so but the special margarita was pretty good though.I will have to try on a more popular night to see if it is fun.
1	This was the most embarrassing, disgusting night I've had at a restaurant.First off all, the waiter was too busy making fun of my drink order (smaller size) to get it right, even after coming back to double check what I'd ordered.  The food itself was barely decent enough to eat since we were there and had paid for it, but I (and everyone else in my party) declined take home boxes for the leftovers.Worst of all, we got about halfway through our chips before we discovered a USED sugar packet in the bottom of the bowl.  Apparently, they took a bowl from a previous table, refilled it, and passed it on to us without emptying it or cleaning it.  When we pointed it out to the waiter, we got nothing by a fresh bowl of chips and a surprised look.  NO apology, no words at all, from the waiter.  This was back in March (2008), and I reported it to the business the next day.  They, too, offered no apology.  In fact, the only apology I ever received for this potential health violation was from the friend who recommended that I go to this place.Avoid it like the plague.  There are better places for Mexican food, no matter how Americanized you like it.Update:  I mentioned my horror story to an acquaintance who had just gone to Macayo's.  He found it interesting, since he noticed the waiters now mash the chips as they pick them up from a table.  We wonder if they do this to make it clear which bowls have used chips, and which are fresh.  He said the food was still "meh."Over a year later, and I still never received an apology.  You'd think they'd take a health violation more seriously than that.
1	Surprisingly the worst mexican food I've ever had. Even other Macayo's are light years better. Want some dry rice, hot/bland spices, and food that tastes like cardboard? This is your place.More like a bar than a restaurant.
2	I must say that I really liked the Macayo's in Phoenix--I gave that place a good review.  This place though?The food was good and filling.  I had shredded beef tacos with beans and rice.  The tacos were really dense and good-tasting.  I finished off the meal with sopapillas that were really tasty.  The problem came later.  Both my wife and I began to get gas and emit foul-smelling belches for hours after.  Neither one of us felt very good for the rest of the night.  It wasn't food poisoning, but there was lasting indigestion.  That was not good.  I would say the food is good, but the malaise that I experienced on my flight back to San Francisco would persuade me to steer clear of this place again.
4	we ride our bikes there for happy hour because we slurp the margaritas down on the hot days, and they are sweet and cool and refreshing. the happy hour prices are great, especially with the "bring your own mug" thing they do. the buffet is pretty stale, but decent for happy hour food and the staff is always friendly. good bang for the buck.
2	I recently told a friend that I cant figure out why there is no good Mexican restaurants in Tempe. His response was what about MacAyo's? I responded with "why are there no good Mexican food restaurants in Tempe?"Seriously if anyone out there knows of any legit Mexican in Tempe let me know. And don't say restaurant Mexico!
4	Screw all of the "it is not real mexican food" people. This place is tasty. Great salsa! Anything on the menu that has Baja sauce on it is sure to be great. Chicken Poblano is great as well (there is even a little baja sauce in this dish). Don't listen to the haters, Macayo is the bomb!
2	Had some apps & drinks here a couple nights ago. They have a really nice patio & it's a pretty nice location.I'm all about food though.  We had mini chimis, beef taquitos & spinach artichoke dip - nothing sexy. Seemed like the mini chimis & taquitos likely came frozen in a huge bag - have enjoyed ones we've gotten in the frozen section of the supermarket more. The spinach artichoke dip was kind of bizarre too. Tasted predominately of cream/sour cream without much flavor. Would go back for a social thing but if we ordered food here, definitely would try something different.
3	C'mon! What's more important in a town where you can find a million Mexican eateries with enough salsa and chips and guacomole to pave your way along the newly installed light rail that runs just outside of this location?  If you answer that a refreshing cerveza or a ginormous top shelf margarita at a reasonable happy hour price allures you...you found a good location for a Monday evening yum yum.    Be assured that the free hor-d'ouvres are not gonna be returned if you plan to walk to some sort of resting place after you slurp away your painful week!  Wait!  Did I say that you arrived on a Monday to sing Karoake because your week just began?
3	The whole reason I moved to Phoenix was for a job.  Yes, I got a job here in Phoenix and moved here just for that.  California was showing no signs of ever opening up the job market soon so I did what I had to do.  So far, I'm really liking it and finding some cool new places to go and great places to eat.  MacAya's is one of those discoveries.  After spending two weeks with a group of people in a training class, some of us decided to go out and celebrate with lunch on Good Friday, which was a half day for us.  The company was great and I found the place very easily so that was a plus too.  I thought the open patio was awesome and I can see this place hoppin on a Friday or Saturday night.  Even at lunch they had $2 beers!  The service was a little slow, the chips and salsa were ok, and my enchiladas were pretty good, not great, but good.  Honestly, I think it's the atmosphere that got me though.  They had this big outdoor bar and lots of space on the patio, lots of tables and chairs.  I loved the outdoor waterfall too.  So in my opinion, the food is a 2 and I'm giving it another start for the atmosphere.  If you don't expect much when you go, you'll be fine  :)
5	Ahhh... So many happy memories here, usually involving margaritas. This place has always been great, but it's even extra super cool now that the light rail passes right next to it. It is the old Tempe train depot after all, so it makes sense that trains would still be passing by. Macayo's is always hoppin', often times with live music on the expansive patio cooled by misters. (There is even a little waterfall.) They're usually pretty great about accommodating large groups. My extended family meets here for all major events like birthdays and holidays. I'm a creature of habit and stick to the chicken chimis. I most certainly have my ceramic margarita glass that I take with me for a dollar off my drinks too. Mmmmm...Tequila.
1	I'm going to go ahead and put it out there that I didn't even venture into the actual restaurant portion of this establishment, but rather camped out in the bar for happy hour.   So, consider this a happy hour/appetizer review, if you like.They tried really, really hard to make this place feel festive, but succeeded only in making it look like a junkyard full of angry fruit salad.  If you're unfamiliar with that term, head on over to Urban Dictionary.  Go on.  I'll wait.Are we all together again?  Good.  Let us proceed.  This place sucks.  Not even the free all-you-can-eat appetizers could keep me in here, and I am one cheap bastard.  The only thing they had going for them was the $2 Dos Equis during happy hour. The appetizer selection was pretty shakey.  There were these things that I think were supposed to be beef enchiladas, a potato concoction, and chips and salsa.  The incognito enchiladas were... stretchy.. and bland.. and the potato thing was about the same, sans the stretchiness.  And how do you fuck up chips?  Seriously?To top it off, the bartender was slow as shit.I'll say one.. okay, two good things.  The happy hour is a good deal if you can stomach the food.  They also have a pretty neat lobster claw game where you can "win" a live lobster.  Might be worth going in there just to check it out.
3	Call me nuts.. but on a recent 'have to' visit to my corporate office near here.... we decide its just hot...and what a way to shake off the corporate blues of come what may then with a few margs... amongst the collegiates... As I started, call me nuts... Its Tempe.. I dont usually ... I just say, no. Neat patio...but too hot... we opted to get our drink on inside.. the place was hopping even at 2pm.. amongst the 6 or so of us... we had a few margaritas..a few apps, a few taco and enchilada plates... I stuck with a cheese crisp and margarita...lite on the salt, please. Strong..well, strong enough for me. Truly, I liked everything... Its a chain and I was surprised.. The waiter, could have been more attentive and a bit nicer, as the hostesses. And some of our party complained that the food came out a bit on the lukewarm side...Im going with the fact that our party wasnt small... and its Tempe..
5	loooooooooooove this place-and it only gets better!!all the people who complain about the atmosphere of this place is CRAZY !! its so awesome!!  i used to work here in 1999 back when i was in college and we had the patio, but it looked nothing like the way it does now!  it's a complete oasis in the desert!  i've been to a fair share of mexi restaurants living in az and cali for the past 10 years, and this place is by far THE BEST!!the food here is sooooooo good!  i literally crave their food when  im home in cali and when i come to az, as all my friends will attest, i'm all about going to macayos.  on this particular trip, i made my husband stop there on our way home so i could order my favorite meal (spinach enchilada and green corn tamale combo plate with extra baha on the side) in addition to con queso dip and extra tamales.  they have THE BEST HANDS DOWN tamales i have ever tasted EEEEVVVEEEER in my whole life. people look at me sideways when i say that, asking if i've ever had them hommade from mexis. ya, i have. macayos is sooo much better. completely rocks my socks off. their tamales are moist and spicy and cheesy and FRIGGN AWESOME. every other tamale i have ever tried has been dry and nowhere near as moist or sweet corny.  maybe they make them different, non traditional or something, i dunno, all i know is tha tthey are the most amazing food to ever touch my lips. yes, you can quote me on that. and the baha sauce....mmm...the baha sauce! im convinced its chock full of msg because i am psychotically addicted to it.  i guess its a good thing they dont have a macayos near me because i would be a baha eating freak, so i'd be as fat as a cow. i seriously, no joke, would BEG for a job here so i could get the food discount. i should know, as i said, i used to work here. but again, there's the cow issue, so moving on...the baha has always been good, but this time it wasn't as spicy or as good as i remembered. i'm not holding it against them tho, it could have been the batch.and everyone is absolutely correct about the margs-they are the best around no doubt. they are the strongest and most tasty i've ever had. same price as chilis or any of those places and a whole lot better. and who doesnt like bob or senior cha cha??! :)for the guy unappeased by the happy hour food-what do you expect from free food that is cooked by the load? it's nothing special, i'll agree with that, but for free food, i'm going to go right ahead and say it's amazing. it's FREE for goodness sakes! get over it bro! to complain about FREE food is silly. try BUYING the food--then you get to have an opinion. :Pi'm going back to az in 2 weeks. tucson tho. the macayos there are boring. but u bet ur booty ill be trucking some of the goods home fo sho!
3	I had a good time at the depot cantina. It is a fun atmosphere and is a great place to grab some brews and food. I had some sampler platter which was extremely tasty! I like their tortilla chips and their salsa is pretty good. $2 Dos Equis all day every day and I am a fan of the dos. FYI, If you go here during a tempe event you can park but you have to pay $20 to do so, then they give you a ticket that you give to the waiter to get your $20 back. If you want some tasty mex food and alcohol this is probably the best spot to go in the tempe/mill area. Lot's of people watching and places to sit. I love the big margarita glasses and you get a discount on the tasty margs if you buy one and bring it back with you on your next visit.
4	on a hot day after riding the greenbelt several miles with our trusty mugs, macayo's is always a pleasure. the happy hour food was ok, but we were starving so it satisfied. i have to say....our mugs are cheaper for drinks, but you have to tell them to lay off the ice. there's so much in there, it seems like you only get a little margarita and a ton of ice....marketing ploy? hmmm......
3	The food is edible, I had the simplest Chicken salad and I didn't even know it was supposed to be minimal. They gave me a chicken salad that consisted of chicken, lettuce and cheese and charged me extra for the pico de gallo, I didn't think that was very cool of them. Honestly, it tasted really good after I put that salsa in there. The absolutely best part of being there was the DJ they had that was playing 90's rock i.e. Nine Inch Nails, Bush, Sublime, 311 etc and some of the new hip music. We were very impressed. We weren't impressed with the waitress. She was lousy, not very attentive and took so long to get back to us. The place however was huge I did not know I was sitting in a  patio until my friend lit her cig and I finally looked up hah. It was clean and nicely decorated there was a large bar off to the side of the patio and a large fountain. It has a really good vibe to it. We were there early so I could only imagine how it was going to be later on that night. So besides my waitress being inadequate everything was cool there. I wish I knew the DJ playing though, he was awesome.
2	Came here before an ASU football game and it was packed. The service was poor (slow, order came out wrong). Not sure if it was because of the volume of people or not, but management should staff more employees in anticipation of this on game days.The food is nothing special and the prices average. The only positive aspec tis the atmosphere. It is partially outdoors and brightly decoratedon the inside.
3	This is a big Happy hour place or at least it was when I was living in the Phoenix/Tempe area in my twenties!  The Green Corn Tamale with their own Baja Sauce.  This is a great dish!  The service was good and the restaurant was clean.
2	All show, no delicious burrito.This place is a decent spot for a group of people to meet for a quick bit, drinks, and a walk to Mill Ave.  It is not, however, a good Mexican restaurant.The service was very slow.  We had 5 people and all of us were drinking, yet our server seemed completely uninterested in our party.  Typically, this would not be the case unless the place was slammed and leaking extraneous guests, but on this night there were not a whole lot of folks in-house.The food was so-so.  Chimichanga was the best dish I sampled, but it was not impressive.  I'd rather have Chipotle any day.The Sahara Rd. Vegas location is much better and much more accomodating.  Maybe this location could learn a thing or two from its other franchises.
3	this is not a bad spot for drinking. A huge place with waterfalls and fire pits and both indoor and outdoor seating with covered patio. We spent several hours this weekend just chilling out at the bar, watching football and throwing back drinks. For the most part, it was quite enjoyable.I didn't eat any food here. Strange thing that happened: one of the "manager"-types tried to serve us two shots but only filled the shotglasses halfway. When we told her we had ordered two shots and not one shot split into two glasses, she tried to tell us that the shotglasses were too big and that we had been "hooked up" by the bartender prior to her helping out. These were small plastic glasses designed specifically to hold one shot only. When we disputed this she got all bitched out and huffed off. So we paid our bill and took our business elsewhere. Had it not been for her, we would have continued to stay there and spend more money. She is not a bartender, she clearly does not know how to pour a drink let alone a single shot into a single shotglass with no mixing nor chilling, and she clearly has never drank before in her life because if she did, she would have known how embarrassing she is to her employer.I will come here again but I will not be served by this woman.
4	the place is huge and has a great outdoor seating area.  macayo's always has some sort of drink special going on- just ask!  i've never ate too much at macayo's but when i do it always hits the spot.  this place was my first stop on a lightrail adventure in day drinking!come here with a group or for happy hour or for day drinking or for outdoor seating.  lots of reasons to come here, see!?
3	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):8 Food9 Service8 Atmosphere7 ValueThis is almost a 4 star, so I'll call it a Strong 3, or a 3+.The Pollo Espinaca Enchilada (chicken & spinach w/ baja sauce) was GREAT!  However the salsa was a little generic and the fried ice cream's crust wasn't thick or crispy enough (just needed to be one or the other).  But that enchilada was GREAT!  And I would go back just for that enchilada.We got some extras, and that was where Value took a hit.  $2 for a smallish scoop of guac felt a little steep, but it was really tasty so it's forgiven.  $1.29 for a drizzle of "fudge" (Hershey's syrup) turned out to be insulting.  If it had been real hot fudge I wouldn't have had a problem.  The margs were good $/oz value, but were average and there's no variety: just a regular marg (rocks or frozen).The service was sharp and the layout of the restaurant and tons of outdoor seating was well designed.I wouldn't mind going back at all, it just seems like the kind of place where you gotta know what to order and what to avoid.  Order the Pollo Espinaca Enchilada!
3	Although it was better than what I expected, it wasn't anything I'm going to go out of my way for. The margaritas were decent and the food was overall pretty good, however, the fried ice cream was a little disappointing for my first try. Overall you can definitely find better mexican cuisine in the valley.
2	What happened to this place? This was our college hang out. I stopped in for a happy hour with my college buddies... NOT the same. The happy hour buffet SUCKED! We ended up ordering appetizers. They tasted ok... Not much of a drink special. Oh, we were very disappointed... I guess the next college get together will be somewhere else...
2	Let me start by saying, I'm not a fan of the food here.  I grew up on authentic and traditional mexican food, Macayo's is neither.  The only reason I go here, is that it is close to our workplace and my coworkers like to go here for margaritas, chips and salsa.I just came from the Depot Cantina location in Tempe, Arizona, where I had the worst chicken fajitas I've ever eaten.  Others at my table even commented that from the moment then saw them, they didn't look that good.  I ate about a third of it.The chicken was barely cooked and not seasoned or marinated at all.  There were more green chile's than there was chicken, and they looked like they had just been dumped from the can.  The very few onions that were on the skillet were, in fact, still crisp -- meaning not cooked at all. Horrible, horrible food.Oh, and I should add -- be careful of the seating on the patio.  There are numerous lights and wires strung about the patio, which enables the many birds in the area to "pepper" the seating and tables.
1	Holy shit, we just gave this place another chance and man, what a disappointment. When we arrived 80% of the restaurant was full. We were seated quickly by an efficient hostess. After 10 minutes we received water. 10 minutes after THAT our server took both drink and food orders. Then it was another 15 before we received the drinks!Then another 10 goes by and the food comes out, fairly quickly. But they only brought out half the food. So we're all still sitting there, awkwardly, until the final two plates come out. One of the two final plates was loaded with cheese that was requested held. So the entire plate had to be re-made. A shrimp plate had visible veins left in the shrimp.A chicken taco plate consisted of chicken in a stale flour tortilla - with a side of rice and cabbage. No pico de gallo, no guacamole... basically, nothing to dress the tacos. Another beer was ordered and didn't show up until we were finished eating. So what it comes down to is this: Servers need training and the food items need to be re-evaluated.
1	Just got home from dinner at Macayo's depot and as soon as I get done yelping I'm going to try and find something to wash the foul taste out of my mouth.  Unbelievable!  Wife and I have been here for happy hour at least a dozen times since we moved to downtown tempe and the appetizers are good and the drink specials great also.  Had Mom in from out of town and figured we would walk down there for dinner.  Bad decision.  I had the chicken pablano special with rice and beans.  Chicken had a sour taste, rice was salty and bland at the same time (?) and beans were taco bellish at best.  Wife had smothered chile relleno dinner and thought the enchilada sauce was one of the worst ever.  Note to Macayo's: enchilada sauce should be red not ORANGE.   The only dinner that was edible was Mom's appetizer sampler plate. Go figure.   I'm thinking the reason we could eat the happy hour food was maybe they serve frozen appetizers and the rest of the menu was made by someone who has absolutely no idea what mexican food should taste like.  My advice, have all the food shipped in frozen and you might be OK with the great location and friendly servers and bartenders.
3	Okay so I really didn't eat here, but I think the atmosphere is great!  Live music, rowdy crowd, and ESPN - on top of that daily drink specials ...WT Funk!  What else can a guy ask for...hmmm we'll leave that alone.  This place is huge, it's almost a maze to walk around, I tell if you were drunk make sure you have a friend with you.  Don't want you walking past the lightrail tracks as the lightrail is coming :)  If you need a place to hang with a pal or two come on down!
3	Chips and salsa always make me happy. The Brava Burro was a mini-burrito with a side of lettuce, tomatos, and salsa. Inside the burrito is rice, refried beans, and I chose chicken over the option of shredded beef. The was some good spice used to heat up the meal and my tongue was on fire. But the tortilla was bland, and I could have whipped up the same type of meal at my house.The patio area was the highlight of the restaurant, and had plenty of tables, and a large fountain, which created the illusion of water in the 98 degree heat.$5.99 + $2 = $8 + tax and tip.
4	Yummy taquitos!  Great atmosphere, felt like I was in Mexico.  Happy hour is pretty decent.  Would love to come back at night to see how crowded it gets.
4	$2 Dos Equis all day everyday....that's my kind of place!The food is pretty good.  I'm kinda the simple type so 2 tacos, a chimichanga, or taco salad are my go to's.  Their salsa is addicting and I always have plenty of food to take home.  I recommend sitting inside if you want to be in and out.  Only sit outside if you plan on hanging around for a while because the service & refills on drinks are always slow.
4	Food is pretty good, but there is better out there. 4th star is for their happy hour which is amazing! 2 dollar XX and free food.
3	I'm surprised I hadn't already reviewed this joint. After seeing Inception last night, we were gonna hit up a thai place for dinner, but they were closed so we resorted to Macayo's. The guys at the front were charming (as a "bouncer" can be) and we went inside to the restaurant. After standing around awkwardly for a few minutes waiting for someone to notice us...a guy that was busing tables came over and told us to have a seat anywhere. After a few minutes, we got our menus and placed an order. Service was kind of "iffy", as we had a few different guys bring our drinks/app/entrees. The taquitos app was tasty, and when our server brought out my rather naked looking burrito, he asked if I wanted any sauce on it which was nice of him. Either way, it wasn't an amazing experience, but not one that would stop me from coming back.
3	Had a decent lunch here the other day with my co-workers.  We go here often for happy hour after work.The food was pretty decent.  The lunch menu is oddly full of mostly non-mexican style food.  That was odd.Service was ok until it got a little busy.  Then my cup was more half empty than half full.
2	I don't know if I'd ever go to Macayo's if it didn't have $2 Dos Equis and a free buffet on Fridays. The food is your typical Mexican chain food. The patio is huge which is a plus between 75 and 95 degrees after that it gets pretty torturous. All in all, it's an alright spot to crash out with friends after work on Fridays.
3	Went for dinner tonight to celebrate my Aunt's birthday, she had never been before and wanted to try it out. She liked the festive atmosphere of the restaurant. I had not been in years, and was happy they still served the baja chimi I liked- with the spicy cream cheese. SO not a healthy choice, but worth it because you get plenty of food and you have lunch the next day. ;-) The service started out ok.  Then the dinner rush hit and our service slowed down. They also brought out 3 of our 7 meals, then 5 minutes later brought out the rest. Thought that was weird. All-in-all it's a decent place to go once in awhile, but not to go out of your way for.
1	This place makes me hate Mexican food. Everything is fried... bland and gross.Don't expect to leave without adding 2,000+ calories to your daily diet.I know that other people have raved about their $2 beer happy hours. This place is right off Mill Ave!! There are better happy hours and better beers all around Mill!This place is the McDonald's in the ghetto version of a Mexican restaurant.
1	If you start with a Dos Gringos Mexigrill & take away all the crazy signs, you get this Macayo's, with it's "all patio" look, inside & out.  Here's what happened:Everything started out 4-Stars:*  I was seated in a comfortable booth inside, & my friendly server Ashley showed up right away, bringing me a huge bowl of chips & a cup of salsa to start with.*  I ordered one of their "Every Day Lunch Combos", that in this case consisted of a shredded beef taco, a Carnitas tamale, cheese-topped refried beans, & Spanish Rice.*  My order arrived in a short time, attractively presented on a too-hot-to-touch platter.  Nice!  The servings were generous, too.  We're off to a great start here!Slipping to 3-Stars:The salsa for the chips (& the taco) was super mild.  I prefer it at least medium.  The beans were good, but the Spanish Rice wasn't as good as I make, & while the tamale had plenty of meat in it, it was pretty blah tasting.Dropping like a rock to 1-Star!:Ashley brings me my bill, for $6.99 plus tax.  I pay with a $20.  Back comes my change, which should have been $12.36, in the form of 1 x $10, 2 x $1., a Quarter, a Dime, & a Penny.  Instead, she pockets the $.36 & gives me 2 x $5, & a $2!  Now according to Emily Post, the proper tip for this bill, with good service, is $1.05, rounded off to $1.  Instead, I am given the choice between the $.36 that Ashley has stolen, or $2.36, rewarding her by 225% for the two shenanigans (not counting the 2 Fives instead of a Ten). I had a Dollar bill in my wallet, & left it on the table so that I'm not the bad guy here, but screw this place!  1-Star.
3	This place is somewhat inconsistent in its ability to provide good service and in some instances the food was not as good as it was in others.Overall I still like this place but am not always easily persuaded to visit. The baja california chimi is my favorite thing on the menu.On Fridays they have an all you can eat free buffet. As a poor college student I have spent a number of Fridays eating their food. They have stuff like spaghetti and mini burritos and rice. All of the free food is doused in hot spices and sauces to keep everyone eating a minimum but that never phased me.
2	Attention, General Manager......you have a problem.Went to lunch here for the 1st time in a while.  The buddy that I went with said "man, the last time I came here, the service was BAD."  Why I didn't heed his comment and go to any of the other 50 restaurants within a 2 mile radius, I don't know.We walk in the front door, and there are 10+ people waiting to be seated.  No evidence of a hostess, nothing.  We stand there for maybe 5 minutes, during which time several various employees walked through the room, none of who payed any attention to the fact that there are now about 12 people waiting for any sign of life and ultimately a place to park our rear ends and get a menu.  We decided to go into the bar area, which was pretty full with the same vibe of no employees, lots of patrons, nothing happening.By some miracle, we were finally seated by a mute hostess, and it then took about 10 minutes to hear from anyone else.  From the time we sat down until the time we left, about 1hr and 10 minutes passed.  Every step of the way was us waiting for someone to take our drink order, waiting for the drinks, (just WATER by the way.....no bartender required) waiting to order, waiting for the food, waiting for water refills, waiting for our check, waiting to wait for something else.The food - decent, but who cares.Not going back there anytime soon.
4	I've been going to Macayo's since I moved to the Valley in 96. Love this place. Great place to go for lunch, happy hour or dinner. They have great food, decent beer selection and its near the college. The salsa that they bring to the table is some of the best salsa around. Great balance of flavors and they keep bringing you more as your bowl runs dry. If you're in Tempe and want some good local mexican grub....this is the spot!
3	Food is just ok. Good spot for happy hour.
5	Macayo's is a lifetime favorite of mine. The quality of the food can overcome even the worst of a restaurant experience (which is usually beyond the control of any waitress or manager). Depot Cantina's environment sets it apart from other locations because of their pumping music and colorful decor. Don't expect an intimate dinner; this is the place for friends and family to celebrate and enjoy GREAT chips, salsa, and Mexican fare. Tip: Order anything that comes with Baja sauce. It's the best.
3	Not my favorite, but if you have to go for a business lunch definitely try the soup & salad combo or chicken salad. Skip the burritos for it's mainly filled with bland rice.
4	I'm not really sure what I think of this place. I don't live anywhere near here and try to stay out of Tempe as much as I can. But it's kinda become a ritual to come here before a show at the Marquee.  Mostly because we can hit up happy hour, and get a quick bite and drink many beers before they go up to $10 at the show.  But as big as this place is, it's always dead.  The food isn't anything spectacular but it does the job.  I just like how there seems to always be some kind of drink special and we can get in and get out.
4	You wouldn't expect it judging by the exterior/interior design and the corny iridescent spanish colors, but the flavors were for the most part authentic and tasty.I ordered the Chile Relleno and taco combo which came with rice and beans.  The plate was more than enough for one person.  The rice was light and flavorful -- even the beans which I don't typically eat were good.My friend ordered the carne asada burrito and it just didn't compare to the combo.  Definitely go with the combos here.
5	Delicious everythinng.  Best tamales and black bean burritos.  Shark taco is better than expeced.  Margaritas were too sweet though.
1	Aside from the normal hum drum mexican food you can get just about anywhere else, the decor was quite different and the outside seating was rather impressive. It definitely was not your average Mexican restaurant. The service on the other hand was atrocious. We had to walk all the way through the outside seating and into the main building of the restaurant in order to see a hostess who in turn told us to sit where ever. Wouldn't it have been easier if the hostess stand was by the entrance then? After we sat down we were immediately ushered to order by a flushed faced server. You could tell they were understaffed. We munched on chips and salsa for about 20 minutes before our food came to the table. Mind you, we got a chimichanga meal and something with chicken. It shouldn't have taken 20 minutes. The worst part I would have to say is that during the entire time we were eating, there were girls dressed in skimpy costumes parading in and out of the restaurant. My jaw, and about 50 others were dropped every time one of those girls walked past. After getting fed up with the lowsy service, mediocre food, and jaw dropping atmosphere we decided to leave. However we waited 30 minutes in order to pay our bill. Word to the wise: Stay away
3	I like coming here during happy hour. You can get really cheap chimis and taquitos. I think they're like 6-7 dollars per dozen. The menu is 1/2 off appetizers. Two dollar dos equis during the same time. The chimis and taquitos are plenty filling and the beer is cheap. Can't beat that.Only thing is that happy hour is very limited in the time window so make sure you get off work early or maybe head somewhere else. Service always seems like they'd rather be doing something else or they really just aren't all there. More than that, they don't like to try to beat the happy hour times.
2	This place is pretty disgusting.  There has never been anything here that after I ate it I said "Man am I glad I ate that".  The happy hour is a good deal because you get beer and free gross food.  If you eat here, sit outside because it's nice to enjoy the warm AZ air, but bring Mylanta with you.
2	Gross food. Bad service. The servers always seem friendly at the beginning and then two hours later when your food hasn't come your realize that you've been had once again by the 'charm' of Macayo's. My friends used to always meet up here my freshman year in college and it always sounded fun but after eating the very low quality food...we all regretted the decision the next morning. Steer clear!
1	Worst Happy Hour. EVER. In fact, my group of friends labeled it our "Friday UNHAPPY Hour".1. The music is INSANELY loud, prohibiting a normal conversation even if the person is sitting right next to you. 2. The DJ is absolutely TERRIBLE.3. While the free food concept is great......it was all kinda gross.4. The server acted like she was doing us a favor.5. The mix of people is really odd and kinda creepy. Old creeper men, weird ghetto younger men, and just a few of us business types. Really not the scene for a happy hour with business associates or 'sophisticated' friends.The ONLY good thing I have to say is that they can't mess up tequila.
1	Great for a college meat market skin bar. Not where I'd take the fam.===============Updated 09-27-11After three or four more trips I've decided to stop going here.  Every time I eat here I spend the rest of the day in the restroom.  Not pleasant.  I suspect they have cleanliness and sanitation issues in the kitchen there.EAT AT YOUR OWN RISK - I'm not going back.
4	I'm a flight attendant and was in PHX on a layover this week.  A local friend recommended Macayo's.  After reading the reviews here I was skeptical of trying it.  I have to say I was really pleased with it.  I received great customer service.  The food was really good and who can complain with $2 beers and a nice patio?  I ordered the fried green tamale appetizer and it was really good.  I liked the chips and salsa.  The table next to me ordered the poblano chicken and the baja burrito and they looked really good from my vantage point.  I would def. go back.
2	From the outside this place looks like all fun and games.  $2 beer, a party atmosphere and free food during happy hour.  Whats not to like right?  Unfortunately the music is way 2 loud when you get in.  Its really difficult to have a conversation.  The free food has made me sick on more than 1 occasion.  The service is slow to the point that I usually go to the bar to order a beer.  I would give this place at least 3 stars if they turned down the music a couple of notches.
3	Pros:- Large portions.- $2 Dos Equis all the time.- Fast service.Cons:- Loud music and a crazy amount of sprinklers outside on some nights.- The location and parking lot is a bit odd.- Employees will not leave you alone!In the end, the $2 Dos Equis will bring me back again, but not really much else.
3	Hehe I definitely wouldn't recommend this place if I wanted mexican food but the tex-mex style here is ok.Basically the average american style Mexican Restaurant with a lot of guac/sour cream/fried with mild flavors executed in an ok way.If you want real Mexican food though prepare to be disappointed
1	No bueno. I'm not a fan of chains to begin with, so when my fiance told me he wanted to spend his birthday here I was less than thrilled with his decision. I had made a reservation for a surprise party and our hostess was less than secretive when I brought my fiance through the door. She just pointed and said "Yeah, they're in there" -thus giving away with the fact that others were waiting for him. We were then greeted by our server. The first thing out of his mouth was "You guys splitting checks?" We were. He then told us "K. Make sure to not move around the table then. You'll make it confusing for me". I started to feel guilty about sitting in his section. Like we had done something wrong. Anytime we asked him for anything he replied with an annoyed look on his face and said "Yeah, give me a minute". Over and over. He left the table before getting everyone's drink order, forgot things, and we had to one person's food through the manager. In short, he sucked. Shotty service aside, the food was AWFUL also. I ordered the Steak Cortez and every bite was pure fatty nastiness. Won't be going back.
2	I recently ate here with my old boss from many years ago.  Food was ok and margaritas were "different" as expressed by my former boss from Austin, TX.  My margaritas (and I had several different types) definitely tasted different than any of the many margaritas I've had all over the place (not bad but maybe just weak and lacking tequila with certainly a "different" kind of flavor than I've ever had before).  The food portion size was very large but the wait staff got a bit irritating with constant upselling (we had a new wait staff being trained by a manager and the manager was over the top exaggerating the upsale).  We had ordered queso but thankfully with all the focus on training the upsale they forgot about it and my old boss and I were full to bursting.  The menu descriptions also seemed to be a bit different than what we received but we just drank more and let it slide.
4	One of my favorite Mexican restaurants in Tempe and Peoria.I always get the red corn chicken taquitos and the ground beef enchilada. The chips and salsa are also very tasty. If you're used to authentic homemade Mexican food this may not be as good because it is more of a chain restaurant. However I still feel their food is well seasoned and they give you good portions I would pass one the fried ice cream though for dessert, for the price not worth it, just make it at home
3	Cool place for the college crowd with the large patio and band playing... very cool.Food is ok... but it's a chain.  I'm not much for rating chain food because it's the same at all of them.One down point... the bathroom.  Girls restrooms are usually so clean... but this time, I walk in and it looked like a tornado hit the place. If you're gonna serve savages, clean up after them.
2	Consistently bad service for mediocre food and drinks.  I only end up there for convenience... apparently the service staff thinks differently.
4	I must say that I am quite surprised by the lack of superior ratings given to Macayo's on this site.I live literally right next to Macayo's and had never been there in my three years as a Tempe resident. When I heard through a friend that Macayo's was more than some college bar that is known for more than bar foods, I had to give it a shot.The service was VERY friendly and efficient. Both my girlfriend's meal and mine was delivered in a very timely fashion. Not only that, but I was more than happy with the quality of the meal. The only reason I didn't feel that I could give this a full 5/5 was because the portion's weren't up to my standards. If I pay $12.95 for a burrito, I fully expect that I will be full. Given that the burrito I ordered was fit with two sides and extra meat, I was surprised when a Lean Pocket-sized entree came before me. However, it was delicious and I can't really complain too much.I particularly liked the decor in the restaurant. Although the main part is quite difficult to access due to the gargantuan bar in the front, it's a very comfortable, friendly environment.I'm definitely coming here again soon.
5	I've only been here once, bit I'll come back. Why? Depot Cantina gave us A+  service for our graduation party!!!PROS: a portion of outside patio area was cordoned off just for us; ASU colors; appetizers delivered on cue and they were hot, fresh and tasty; Trevor did a great job to ensure our 25 friends and family were taken care of--no one was w/out a drink all nite!CONS: nothing to reportThanks to Staci Braza and Trevor for making our grad party a lot of fun! Cheers!RS
3	The Service is great.  The food is ok.  The salsa.....horrible.  Please rethink your salsa.  Oh, and if you order a side of jalapenos they charge $1.99.  I have never heard of a Mexican restaurant charging for jalapenos.  Overall, just an ok place.  There are better options on and around Mill.
4	I really enjoyed eating at Macayo's Depot Cantina at the Tempe, Arizona location right next to Arizona State University! The atmosphere is very colorful and lively with a full bar outside and inside, patio seating, indoor seating, and TV's everywhere. The dress code is very casual and I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone going out for date night or bringing the entire family!
5	I prefer going to this location of Macayo's over the others because of the ambience. It's way different than the others and it doesn't "feel" like the other Macayo's. This one is much more festive. It has a ton of patio seating and lots of shade. The antique train outside makes it much more interesting. The parking lot, however, is right next to the light rail tracks and it's small, so parking is a little dicey. They sacrificed parking for patio seating. The prices are extremely affordable. Their food is very good. Service is always consistent. Cheap margaritas. I've never been here on a weekend. I always stop in on a weekday around noon and then it has some business people on lunch.
3	This is the place! Of all the Mexican joints in Arizona we get taken here! That's white people for you. The food wasn't bad, just boring as boring could be. Would have gotten a lesser rating but the service was really good. Like noticeably REALLY good.
4	This place is great for events and big groups, within walking distance to ASU, their Margs are some of the best in AZ, food is great, and because of the size you can normally get in without a wait.  Very good place pre and post football games and to watch sports.
1	When you sit around and have a debate about whether or not this was the worst Mexican food you've ever had, well, that exemplifies what kind of experience this was.We went on Cinco de Mayo, and were in somewhat of a hurry as we had other obligations to attend to. I thought that at 5pm, we could slip in, grab a table in the bar, grab food and beverage and get on our way.To be quick, and to the point, the service was good, but the food was absolutely garbage. Bland, flat, uninspired... Between the purple power rangers (Pro-Tem Rent-a-Cop), the 20 year old manager, and the horrific food, I'll go out of my way to not go here again.
3	I've always been one to enjoy Macayo's.  I usually hit up their location on central ave.  This one is definitely made for the college scene; part restaurant, part club (at least it feels like it).  We showed up around 6PM to meet some friends for dinner. Since it' was too crowded we sat on the inside.I couldn't get enough of their amazing chips n salsa.. I got nuts over that stuff.  After more people decided to show up, we had to move tables.   We had a great waitress who was cool with us moving.  Unfortunately the new waiter we had seemed like he just started that week.  After ordering about six different drinks, I think one came out correct.  It was busy, so we only asked them to replace a couple.  We're not that mean.  So this week I happened to be on a vegetarian kick and I ordered the California Burrito.  Oohhhhh  it was tasty.  However eating literally a basket of chips, I could only eat about half of it.So wonderful.So yes I enjoy the food, just wish the services was better when we got moved. Just seemed a bit slow and getting our drinks wrong and one plate, didn't go over too well.
1	Literally the worst happy hour ever.  Do not go there for the free buffet there is a reason its free.  Not even mexican food.  They had uncooked potato wedges that weren't edible, spaghetti w alfredo sauce that was coagulated and cold, burritos filled w beans and rice and slathered w jalepenos also cold and tasted the best of the absolute worst.  Drinks were no big deal and overpriced for happy hour.  Big mistake going here.  Both hubby and I can't stop talking about how bad it was and how we got ripped.  8-18 just wanted to update.  Told the manager at the time how bad it was and the food they served wasnt food.  He insisted that it was food and told me that he would send me an email with a coupon to come back and have dinner on them.  I never got an email.  He was full of it and could really care less.  During happy hour they kept telling us that the premier marg was only .30 less than the house which was over 7 bucks.  Dont make the same mistake!  Go somewhere else!!
2	Tucan Sam CanBy The RueI didn't have my toes in the water,I didn't have my ass in the sand,My baja burrito was almost okay,The flavor for the most part, bland.The best thing I can offer up to say,The waiter, was on top of his game,He checked up on us frequently,If I could only remember his name.I was here for a late, late lunch,As I was leaving the girls were pouring in,The patio here is nice and big,I should have stayed and made them sin.The grilled fish tacos were just okay,Served with a side of "baja" sauce,Stuffed with a little cabage,After I ate I had to floss.With my burrito I got rice as a side,Got my plate, that wasn't the case,Instead of rice it was black beans,No I didn't punch him in the face. This place goes off on Cinco de Mayo,However I don't really care,I'd just end up sitting in the corner,Girls in mini skirts I would just stare. Aribba!!!
2	The one good thing about this place is it is always consistent, the bad thing is it's always a consistently not good.  The margaritas are so-so, the food is so-so and so is the service - this time we lucked out and got an adequate server.  Most of the staff are poorly dressed and unkempt.  Make sure to order your next cocktail way before your first is finished so you get it in time.  The kicker, the state of the restaurant - it is dirty, unkept and in desperate need of a face-lift or at the very least a fresh coat of paint and pressure washed.  A friend that was with us stated that it's because college kids don't care about the environment that they eat in.  Looking around I pointed out the families and said that if they appealed to the families and the corporate offices in the area, they may have a better environment for guests AND staff.So why do I keep going back?  It's never my choice.  I only go at the request of other and don't recommend them to anyone.  Have I contacted them about poor device issues?  Yes - management has reached out to me in the past but with each visit, it is clear to me that guest feedback does not effect how they run their business.  The good news, it's America and they can run it however they choose and as long as they are in the black, they aren't going to do anything to change.  Can't argue with that logic I suppose.   I would suggest their Jimaca summer salad though - the dressing is the thing that made it great but I am going to be on the hunt for Jimaca for my salads at home.I'll just keep going to Fuzzy's for my mexican food and entertain my friends at Cafe Boa.
3	Met some people here for dinner recently and I did not pick the place. I usually don't do Mexican chains and unless you're a college student, this place really isn't for you. But as I said, I was meeting several people who picked this place. I took a recommendation from my waiter (who was actually pretty cool) and ended up with some Pablano Steak meal that was just ok. It was too much like fajita without the yumminess. This was just so average and reminds me why I do not go to Macayo's much.
3	Was in Tempe on business this week. Living in Florida where Mexican food is just ok I was anxious to checkout some local joint. My hotel concierge recommended this place and I wasn't disappointed. Chips were warm, salsa was ok not great. Ordered the chimichanga on the waiters recommended and was not disappointed. Ate in the outdoor area  on a balmy night watching game 1 of the World Series.
2	I hate having to write this review, but I will stick to the facts!  The weather was beautiful last night, so thought we would ride the light rail to Tempe and enjoy some drinks and food on a patio.  I've always been intrigued by the Depot Cantina, so that is where we decided to go.  We found a nice table on the patio and we were off to a good start.  But, it all went downhill from there....the service was so terribly slow and she didn't really apologize for it.  It took us 15 minutes to get our drinks and then another 10 to get our food order in...only because I asked another server to help us.  They cranked the music too loud and it caused it to cut in and out.  We told multiple servers multiple times that if they turned the music down it would go back to normal...took 30 minutes for that to be fixed.  The food was just ok and the presentation was not impressive.  The soup was spilled all over the plate beneath it and they just threw a few tortillas on my friend's burro...seriously no attention to detail in this place.  I can't imagine a manager was on duty last night because I can't imagine they would let the restaurant run this way.  I hope they get their act together because this place is in a great location with a large patio.
1	On its best day this place is mediocre. The food is what you'd expect from a Mexican food joint. Nothing exciting here. The thing that sets this place apart is the service. I'm kind of surprised its still in business. I went there most recently for Sunday football ticket with 5 friends. It may have been 40 minutes between rounds despite us being just one of two tables. We had to ask a number of times before anyone brought us anything. Terrible experience from a bunch of unmotivated college students. Our server had a Cardinals Rodgers-Cromartie jersey on. If he waits on you, be prepared to WAIT on him. Lazy as hell. Bottom line is there are a number of better places nearby, pick one of them instead.
1	Doesn't rate one star. To say food was horrible is being kind. We ate there after ironman to celebrate  and this was ruined by the disgusting food. Made us sick. Never again. Other maycayos were good.
5	We hosted my parents 50th Wedding Anniversary in one of the private rooms upstairs.  This had to be the easiest event I have ever done with any venue.  The food was good, the staff amazing and the evening went off flawlessly.  They allowed us to bring in our own cake and decorations and even coordinated their napkins to our color scheme.  The waiters were on top of  keeping drinks and food fresh.  We could not have asked for a better experience.
3	Rating this place could go any number of ways, depending on where you sit. Due to the roundabout way in which we entered, we managed to experience a little bit of everything here.My wife and I agreed to meet the in-laws here on a Friday night in order to hand off our daughter for the evening. They got to the restaurant long before we did in order to enjoy happy hour with some of their co-workers. So, when we entered, we did so through the patio area.At first glance, the patio seems amazing. It's extremely large, has awesome seating, and has full bar. There were awesome heaters throughout in order to remove some of the evening desert nip out of the air. By the entrance, there was a DJ. His music was definitely quite loud, but I figure that's to be expected.After just a few minutes, I figured out why the DJ had his music turned up so loud. As I was looking up at the stars along the back wall of the patio, everything on the patio seemed to go completely mute. An airplane passed by overhead that sounded like it was coming from the bar! It was SO loud! Thankfully, once we arrived, the in-laws wanted to head inside for dinner. While we were at the hostess' stand, I took a look around. The place seems to have been decorated by a child. There are random nick-knacks absolutely EVERYWHERE. Steering wheel hanging from a ceiling fan? Check! Inflatable monkey hanging from a different ceiling fan? Why not? There's really no rhyme or reason to any of the decor...though, maybe that's what they were going for. It does seem to be a place geared more towards the younger crowd.Decor aside, making the move to eating indoors turned out to be a wise one. Our server was fantastic. She was knowledgeable and extremely polite. In spite of the fact that the place was extremely crowded, the food arrived super fast. I can only speak for my meal, but my Baja Chicken Burro was quite delicious. It had just the right amount of spice to it, and it was massive! I could only comfortably eat half of the thing before throwing in the towel and springing for the to-go box.Great service, good food, gimicky decor, and SUPER loud patio. If you can get past the bad, the good is pretty good.
1	Bleck!  Chips that taste funky, like the oil is rancid.  Salsa, Macayo's used to have awesome salsa, but now it seems water-downed.  This place looks like it needs a power-washer and a deep clean.  And the food was meh and really not very good.
4	Good margaritas , excellent service and of couse decent mexican food!  My Favorites are, Ahi tacos ( Very spicy) and Verde Shrimp Enchiladas...! Good place to visit!
2	Classic Tempe location should not be confused with quality food. Bad chips, chicken cheese crisp was mostly salt, guacamole tasteless, and did I mention too much salt. Service however was great!
2	I CANNOT believe I haven't reviewed this place! I wasn't going to review this place for my experience last night (which was pretty par) because I assumed I had reviewed before, but apparently not. Anyway, Macayo's as a whole is somewhat a blight on society. I know that is a little strong, but it really is not good and not authentic and just not a place where people should eat ever if they have the option. I have been to this location several times (always against my will....I have a friend that really likes it...not sure how that is possible and went to grad school at ASU, so hard to avoid). Anyway, the few times I have had dishes with meat in them from this restaurant are by far the worst times. Their meat is horrible. It has a disgusting texture and is completely devoid of flavor. So meat is definitely out when eating here (that is probably safer for your health anyway....I am just imagining a Kitchen Nightmares type scenario behind the scenes at this place). The food that does not contain meat is significantly less disgusting, albeit pretty bland. Their one saving grace is their baja sauce (sweet cream cheesy sauce) which is obviously tasty, but so terrible for you it is hard to eat in good conscious (but sometimes.....let's just say it happens). So last night I got a cheese crisp, which is pretty unmessupable and it was fine, although it had several random food items on it that obviously fell onto it from other plates (some lettuce, a small piece of chicken, etc)....nice touch. I had their 'special' Marg which was actually pretty good (it was Grand Marnier and tequila), but when I got the bill it was still 9$, so it did not appear to actually be on special (or it is an incredibly overpriced drink to begin with). That brings me to another complaint....this place is WAY overpriced. Like, an entree costs 12$ at least and is lower quality than Filiberto's. The entrees are also way WAY too big....they should probably offer half or quarter size portions for less (although the food isn't good anyway, so it doesn't really matter). So why 2 stars and not 1? This place is a decent place to drink if you are into premixed type alcohol, but they have a good happy hour and the baja sauce is good, so I can't justify a 1 star BUT if I had it my way, I would never eat at a Macayo's again ever.
3	The ambiance is what brings people in & it's also probably what keeps them coming back.... that & the strong drinks, lol. There's a large patio, but for me it wasn't a big lure because it was hot outside. It was only 90, so maybe when it gets to 100 they have misters? Who knows :)My sister had a margarita & from where I sat, across the table, it was burning my nose, lol!For an appetizer we had the guacamole. It could have used a squeeze of lime, but other than that it was good! Fresh.  For my main dish I opted for the blackened mahi tacos, which had a 2 chili rating, the highest on the menu. I was expecting hot, but it was barely mild. The ahi itself was good. On the menu it said it came with pineapple pico de gallo & tomatillo salsa. I got neither. I asked for the pineapple pico de gallo. It was so disappointing! Bland & not fresh. I don't think these 2 corn tortilla tacos were worth $15. I chose not to have the beans and rice the tacos come with, but if you want to get full you'd probably need to keep those :) My sister got the California burrito and she loved it. Maybe I'll give that a try next time!
4	Another ASU staple. The place is actually a lot of fun, especially with a group of people. The drinks flow in abundance and I had their nachos on my last trip. So good. They had the right amount of cheese and toppings on them. Everything looked so delicious. Dang, now I am getting hungry just thinking about the nachos.
3	Wonderful atmosphere, but food is nothing special!
3	I am a big fan of American Mexican food so I frequent this place often when I am in the Tempe area and since I like Tempe Town Lake I am there often.  This place has an awesome outdoor patio bar and seating area and is convienently located next to a light rail stop. The inside decor is fabulous and the piece de resistance is the chandelier made from Corona bottles.The menu is comprised of your traditional mexican dishes like tacos, chimichangas, burritos and so much more. I have tried numerous items from the menu but sadly have not found anything that wows me so much that I want to eat it every time I go.  I advise to ask for the spicy salsa when they bring you your chips and salsa. The downside to this restaurant is that the service is never consistent. More times than not I get seated in a location that everyone forgets about and so it takes forever to be waited on.  Often times when I request a special order of no tomatoes, since I really don't like them in most of my food, I still get them served with my meal anyway.  Despite these inconveniences I still return.
1	Been there a couple of evening and sat out on the patio area where the waitresses ignore you until you jump up and grab one even though she run ever table around yours. She wont even look at you when you wave at them. Had to go to the inside bar to order drinks instead and me snd my friend got sick drinking the overly sugary daiquiri and long island. Had to leave early after feeling sick but did finally wave down a waitress and get some chips.
5	Best Drink specials in Tempe!!! This is my first stop of the night when I go to Mill Ave. The food is amazing the patio is huge and the staff always friendly. I'm addicted to their chimichunga's and burritos!!!
4	Enjoyed the dinner and live entertainment. Would have been 5 stars if they told me up front they charge each soda, and no refills
5	My review is based upon our experience on having a large private party in the Caboose Party Area - it was AWESOME!  We were looking for a fun/casual/not JUST a bar but had a bar kind of place for our 20 year reunion.  The Caboose Party Area was PERFECT!  It has  a private entrance and enough space for a DJ, dancing, photo booth, tables, mingling and space to break off into more intimate groups - either outside or just inside the indoor bar area.  The food provided was yummy and the drinks were priced right & good!  The service we received was stellar - from the beginning to the end.  I had several people come up to me telling me what a GREAT place this was and how much more fun this was than their reunion or that they were going to suggest this as a location for an upcoming reunion.  We also used The Courtyard by Marriot Downtown Tempe as our hotel base - so people could do the drunk walk home.  ;)  My only wish was that Macayo's stayed open after midnight.  The party had to roll over to Mill. :)Oh!  On a side note - Their blackened Ahi Tacos are KILLER!
3	I really like that Macayo's has a refreshing Taco Salad instead of the normal slathered in lard refried beans & cheese salads that a lot of other places offer. This particular location is giant, with a big outdoor patio and a very large inside. I've only been here for work lunches so it's never crowded and the service has been fine. The menu has a lot of Tex-Mex choices so there is something for everyone. I really like the chips & salsa, enchiladas, and taco salad...nothing mind blowing but it's good for lunch.
2	If I could rate it 2.5 I would, and in my opinion it's 3 stars, but 2 = "Meh" on yelp.The food here is average, a little quick and sloppy, especially at night with the college frat boy kid rush. The security / ID checkers are pretty nice, the waitresses and hostess are pretty air headed, I've been here around 5 times, same experience each time. For example, I asked "Did you see me come in here with ___?" Both girls at the front stared at me blankly, "Umm... I dunno, I don't really pay attention, ha sorry." Then they went back to talking to each other before I could respond. Macayo's always has pretty cool events though, but those are separate producers of course, they never have enough events at the back area events either... staff is also pretty rude to me, and I'm always event staff, ignoring me and complaining when I said the main staff didn't get any food.This place is good for people looking to scarf down some quick faux Mexican food, preferably a young person, college crowd, "bro", "frat", idk I assume someone that likes fart jokes. I does not appear to be good for children or families to me... not good for dancing. Get's 21+ around....7pm I think. Awhile ago I went with some older friends around 9, there was literally no one there, odd night, and 1 security guard with the kitchen still open. My friends went inside and used the rest room, got a couple drinks and I stood outside shouting to them by the ledge. Then we left.
2	$4.50 for a corona?! C'mon! That is ridiculous. For just $2 more I can buy 6 of them. Also, their margaritas aren't anything special. I ordered a chambord margarita with patron tequila and it was just meh. It was really sweet and they use that pre-made margarita mix. If you're going to charge $9 for a margarita at least use the quality margarita mix or make your own.
4	I don't know why there are so many bad reviews! I love Macayos. The food is great, and the service is great. Yes, the drinks are a bit pricey - one margarita being upwards $8-11 but happy hour is great and if you ask they sometimes have drink specials like 2 for $14 margaritas. If I had to recommend a meal I would recommend the chimicanga con queso - yum yum yum. Get a beer or a margarita and just sit back enjoy the awesome atmosphere and great food.
2	Um, no.What do you do with a beautiful old train depot? You fill it with so much color it looks like Sherwin Williams barfed in every corner. IT so 1980's, so falsely cute. I just loathe the interior.To be fair, my chicken pablano was reasonably good and the server was steady. But the atmospherics are deigned to wow unsophisticated frat boys from the nearby U. No thanks.
1	We had to bus our own table. After asking for someone to take our order like 10 times, they did only to tell us (after we asked where our drinks were 45 min later) our order wasn't entered because they are too busy. "Sorry, there is nothing I can do." We left with nothing after sitting here for an hour and a half. Worst service and  business management EVER.
2	Terrible service,  the food is nothing special and it was a little pricey too.
2	Dining experience started off really bad! Unfriendly staff, long wait times and staff seemed confused on what they were supposed to do. About half way through the meal the staff got more friendly and we had a better dining experience. Atmosphere and decor are great. Food was pretty good. We got nachos with beef, guacamole, and baja sauce. Baja sauce is great! Also got a Mexican pizza which was good. Nachos seemed a little skimpy on toppings but wee pretty good. Overall decent experience but they could use work in service.
4	Hadn't been to this Macayo's in years. First off, the salsa. Looks authentic but really thin. A gluten free menu is a nice option tho.Waiter did a nice up-sell on the Cuervo margarita, which I got. He did fail to ask if I liked them blended or on the rocks tho. My wife ordered a regular margarita and our guest got a soft drink. For entrees, I ordered the BBQ Chipotle Tacos, my wife got the Roasted Tomatillo Spinach Fish Tacos and our guest ordered the California Burro. My entree was well prepared, with plenty of chipotle sauce and filling. My wife's tacos were equally impressive. Our guest had a fairly neutral reaction to his rather plain looking burro. I think he was expecting more sauce, since it was pretty dry. Service was cheerful and adequate for a slow night. I recommend Macayo's for those who are uninitiated in Mexican food. They actually serve Tex-Mex but it is a good step into the Mexican cuisine for Easterners like our guest.
3	I don't have much to write about this place, but I enjoyed my lunch here. There are several choices on the menu however, after seeing shark tacos, I knew that is what I wanted. (I've eaten shark before, but never in a taco)It was good! It was served with black beans, rice and guacamole. The margarita I ordered was good also.
2	I really wanted to like Macayo's.  The open layout was festively decorated and had a fun vibe.  It has a great location near the light rail stop.  Unfortunately the food and drink didn't measure up.  I sampled the spinach con queso, sour cream chicken enchiladas, cheese enchiladas, fajita quesadilla and beef taquitos.  Generally, the food was heavy and dull, with little in the way of interesting spices or flavors to liven it up.  Macayo's take on the quesadilla will disappoint cheese lovers, as it is mostly filled with meat and peppers.I made the mistake of ordering the "special" blue margarita, which had a splash of blue curacao.  The server assured me it would taste just like a regular margarita, but it was dreadful - the cloying sweetness completely smothered the lime tartness I was craving.  If  you go, enjoy the fun interior but don't expect a breakout Mexican food experience.
5	I'm shocked at the low number of stars Macayo's has thus far!  When I went to ASU and lived in Arizona I went to Macayo's all the time.  Whenever I travel there now I always make a stop, as they have the best Mexican food in Tempe.  The venue is very large but it's organized well enough where you don't feel like you're in a swarm of people.  I've been to a few events there as well (in the back, outside area) and it's perfect if you want to be apart from the rest of the restaurant.If you don't know what to order, just pick anything with the Baja sauce...it's amazing.If you haven't been here on Cinco de Mayo, it's a must stop. They have events all day long and great drink specials.  I can honestly say that this place consistently provides great service, amazing food and a fun atmosphere.
3	Great meeting place for a family dinner, friend get together or to use the big room upstairs for a party. Really good skinny margarita! Their salsa is a little watery. The street chicken tacos are really good!
1	This place for some reason has gone downhill. The staff is nice enough and friendly.  I can't believe how salty the food was. All three in my party had the same opinion. I  ate as much as I could since it was kind of pricey, but my wife and son ate maybe half. The atmosphere is still real neat, but since I care more about the food I'm buying and not ambiance, this is why my rating is low. I won't go back unless someone invites to a function there. I'm native to the valley of the sun and used to eat  at Woody's El Nido and Macayo's as well as Depot Cantina. I don't  what happened to this place
2	* Shark tacos - I thought the shark meat gave an interesting twist.  The shark meat was slightly on the salty side though.  You'll need to add salsa to give it some taste.* Brava burrito - Stay away from this creature.  Rice and beans makes a bland burrito.  The beef inside didn't add to the taste at all.  Needs salsa to give it some life.* Nachos - This is one thing they sort of got right.  Well, it's mighty hard to mess up nachos.  This was probably the best of the 3 items I tried.
2	Came for happy hour on a Thursday we ordered some beers and sat for an hour before anyone took our order. We had a quesadilla ... it was basically a microwaved tortilla with grease and a little cheese some cheap salsa and a couple chunks of chicken... not great! I probably won't come back.
2	The best part about this place is the patio during the nice months here in AZ its a great place to grab a drink for happy hour. The lunch specials are reasonable they have items from $6.99, 7.99, 8.99 and up. With the free chips and salsa i find that a $6.99 item and a water is just enough. Their menu had advertised $2.00 bottle beer which was a nice treat for lunch. I've tried their nachos and Bravo burro which both were decent, nothing special some of the $6.99 items don't come w rice and beans so pay attn. The service is good if your in a hurry for lunch it wont be a issue to get in and out plus the place is located a block off Mill ave and close to a light rail stop.
5	It's my favorite Macayo's location! It's right by light rail tracks in the center of tempe. I always bring Cha Cha (the souvenir cup) and get it filled for a special price. The Cheese Crisp and the enchiladas are awesome! I came here for my birthday dinner and it was awesome! I will be going back!
5	I came here for my birthday a few weeks ago, for their happy hour. We sat outside and they were very accommodating as we kept adding 2-3 people at a time, ending with about 13 people total. Jackie was our cocktail waitress, and with the amount of happy hour shots, margaritas and appetizers we ordered she kept track if everyone's individual orders and didn't mess up on anything. she was awesome! kind of a long wait for drinks if they are busy but well worth the wait.
5	I really like this Macayo's. The ambience is awesome as is the decor.  You definitely feel like you are at a Mexican Restaurant.  I usually get the cheese crisp and my husband typical will get the steak fajitas.  Both are always really good and we generally don't have food complaints, service is good, and food is hot.  This location is right next to the light rail so we sometimes park here and eat and then hop on the light rail to a Dbacks game.  Makes us feel a bit more metropolitan ....lol.   The prices are decent, the atmosphere is fun and the food and service are good.  I think its a great place to go if you have company in town, and then walk around the ASU shops in Tempe...makes for a fun and relaxing evening.
2	I visited Macayo's because I heard that they had a gluten-free menu. We sat outdoors on the cute, pleasant patio. The environment was somewhat marred by the presence of cigarette smoke. I know business owners can accept smoking on patios, but they can also choose to make patios smoke-free, and I find the latter much more pleasant. Service was pretty good, but our server did seem in a hurry to get us out of there. Although it was 3 hours before close, she started asking if we wanted to-go boxes about 15 minutes after we got our food.  I had beef fajitas and my partner had a burro. We also ordered guacamole. The guacamole tasted kind of gummy, and the chips were too dry, papery, and flavorless. Also, we found cucumbers in the guacamole, and later in the pico de gallo. Who puts a freaking cucumber in either of those things?My fajitas were very bland in flavor. The meat was cheap and had been chemically tenderized, with the result that the texture was pulpy. Instead of seared, it was just browned. It looked as though it had been steamed in a microwave, to be honest. Also, they used too much tenderizer, and it took the top skin off of my tongue. Gross. Refried beans tasted kind of cakey. Otherwise ok. Again, guac was gummy with a strange taste. My partner said his burro was boring and had not much flavor. We asked about flan, but learned that it contains gluten. There is ZERO reason that flan should contain any gluten, so I am guessing their flan was made from some kind of mix. Again, gross. I won't be returning to Macayo's.
1	I decided to grab an appetizer and a drink after seeing Janelle Monae at the Marquee in January. Based on reviews, I didn't expect much, but my experience didn't even meet the meager expectations I had set going in. The server, whose name I cannot recall, came to our table maybe twice outside of the initial order and serving of food. We had to wait forever for drink refills, the people who arrived later were forced to linger tirelessly while the server attended to the rest of the restaurant, which was roughly 2/3 empty. We ordered several appetizers to start: Mini Chimichangas, Beef Taquitos, Fiesta Wings and Nachos Supreme. Every last bite we took of each item was mediocre-at-best and the chimi's were lukewarm by the time they arrived. Upon venturing into Macayo's we all assumed we would order actual meals too but because of the slow, substandard service and the barely-edible food, we passed on entrees. We paid for our food and left. Will not return.
1	Great concept and whimsical decor here at Macayo's, however their quality of food and service makes this place look like the forgotten step sister of chain restaurants like Chili's, Rubio's or Rainforest Cafe.The place looked completely empty, except for two tables of people and some individuals at the bar. We were served some chips and salsa as well as our waters, which is pretty standard. I ordered the Sonoran Enchilada Sampler which came with a Verde Chicken, Cheese and Beef Enchiladas, Spanish Rice, Black Beans with Guac, Cabbage and Sour Cream on the side.My party and I pretty much filled up with chips and salsa before the food came out, it was about more than 25 minutes before all the food came out. As another server brought out my plate, he mentioned something along the lines of "Do you think you can finish that?". The sampler is indeed large enough for two people to eat and looked unappealing and messy. The enchiladas were good, but not the best I've ever had. The rice tasted old, with hard pieces and was dry. The beans, gritty and you could see how much bean liquid had evaporated on the side of the plate (possibly from sitting under the hot lamp too long). I managed to eat one of the enchiladas before giving in and just boxing it for to-go.Service was lacking, don't come here if you're in a hurry! Waiters hardly out front, food is mediocre to say the least and not worth the price you pay. The rest of my party didn't enjoy their Fish Tacos, since the grilled fish was incredibly chewy and over-cooked, they didn't finish their plates.
4	A friend and I came in after she had boot camp, to undo the progress she just made. She had chicken fajitas, I had a beef enchilada, pretty standard fare. I definitely like the location, and it's very big. There isn't a whole lot of parking, but it is close to the light rail. They also have a big outdoor patio which seems great for happy hours or birthday parties or anything where you have a big group. I didn't notice if they have misters, but there is a bar outside and I believe they have games outside, too. The service we had was good. Our food came out fast, our order was correct, and it was pleasant, except for the person at the next table celebrating her 28th birthday with a loud song from the staff. Never understood that bizarre ritual myself, but it seemed like she was enjoying herself, too, so good on Macayo's!
5	Great place to go hang out with a group or grab a quick lunch solo at the bar. The atmosphere is almost as good as the food. The Depot is my favorite place to go anytime I am in Tempe or near mill but is a must have after races to refuel on fantastic fish tacos and a few Coronas!
4	A little overpriced but still a good deal and they deliver around the area! How cool is that?? Great patio and fun atmosphere. Guacamole was ok.
1	We had a layover on our family trip to Cancun today. We went out for Mexican food and found Macayos Cantina. I have grown up eating Mexican food and let me tell you this place sucks! The food tasts canned or processed,  its dirty and the staff looks dirty and unprofessional. They had no knowledge of how to make a Michelada or a Mexican Preparada,  weird for a "CANTINA".... the waiter just said "we dont serve that here bro". The chips and salsa as well as the rice and beans were old and dried out. Avoid this place unless you are looking to get waisted with a bunch of college kids.
3	Really only come here once a year on July 4th.  Great staff and good food, definitely a place to stop before watching the firework over Tempe Town Lake / Tempe Beach Park.
2	I used to come every so often for a cheap, quick lunch until my last visit.My order of chicken tacos came out as steak tacos instead. Whatever, close enough and not a big deal. But I was not pleased with the stale, hard edged tortillas they used for said tacos. I also kept finding uncooked grains of rice that I had to spit out. Overall the quality of the food and ingredients was so sub par I couldn't believe it. Just nasty, low quality fare that makes Filibertos look upscale. (And I like Filis)
4	Stopped in Macayo's in Tempe today after attending the Jersey Boys at ASU Gamage. The service was very attentive & our server got everything right and answered all our questions. The food was very good no complaints amoung the 4 of our party. The building is showing it's age though..could use some painting & updates. I do reccond this location for a good Mexican meal.
4	Had a very bad start end on a good note.I took my fiancee and her family here, thinking that a great lunch would be a good way to keep the in-laws-to-be happy on their trip. We sat down around 2pm and were the only people outside what must be an 80-100 person patio. The DJ for the night was already set up, blasting music to where we couldn't even speak to each other as if we were in Old Town at 2am. I asked him if he could turn it down so we could eat lunch he told me to go fuck myself. Rather than throw a fit I spoke with the General Manager. The music came down shortly therafter and our server Caitlin (caitlyn? always spell that one wrong) took damn good care of us.Word of advice: if you have a problem tell the GM. I can't remember his name but we owe you for fixing our lunch sir, thank you.
5	Saw a post on Facebook that the Depot was serving breakfast and I decided to go mountain biking in the area so I could see this crazy menu. I saw crumbled bacon on ranchero enchiladas and if I wasn't vegan/vegetarian I may have order them. I ordered Sopapilla Tacos and they were amazing! The sweet Sopapilla with eggs salsa and it also came with green chili, green onion hash browns. It was so unique and not the simple run of the mill Mexican breakfast. There are also drinks that looked smashing a beautifully decorated bloody art that could be a meal again with bacon, mango mimosa and a refreshing orange margarita! The orange margarita is fantastic!I also had a red Modelo with the homemade Bloody Mary mix....Wow!Looks like I found a great place for post ride / race breakfast and a place to fill up on before early ASU games!
1	More than 11 dollars for one beer and one diet coke, and this was supposed to be happy hour. And that was before the tip. Which I now regret giving.  They were extremely slow waiting on us even though the place was empty. Lesson learned. Needless to say I won't be back.
5	Macayos Depot Cantina is my go to location for almost any occasion. I have had my birthday here with my family(10 guests), drinks with friends(2-4 guests), and also my marriage celebration dinner(30 guests). All of which ran smooth and exactly what I wanted.Most recently Macayos Depot Cantina was the location for a party I hosted for my best friend. I couldn't be more happy with how it turned out, and my guests shared the same opinion! We provided the restaurant GM with our budget and size of our party and he provided the perfect amount of food for the number of guests in attendance(which was around 40). We went with a buffet style arrangement and when any item began to run out, our servers were quick to replenish! The food was fresh and I received lots of compliments on offering such good food at a baby shower! Thanks to the kitchen staff! We had a perfect size section of the patio where we were able to seclude ourselves from the rest of the patio but still able to enjoy the atmosphere. We decided to allow anyone who wanted alcoholic beverages to do so on their own and we had plenty of staff come through often to check on everyone. Crystal was one of our many servers who helped our party that day and she was absolutely awesome! Being the "host", I was in 20 places at once and when I asked for the cake to be brought out from the fridge, she brought small plates and extra forks also, talk about anticipating customer needs! And when I tried to clean up at the end she insisted I leave it to them, no complaints from me...Thank you to everyone involved! I have been meaning to leave a review since my wedding dinner but hadn't gotten around to it. With all the compliments I am still receiving on hosting my most recent party, I cannot thank the entire staff and management enough. Anyone who has had to host a large party for any event would know how hard and stressful it can be, let these guys take care of you!
1	Came here before an ASU game, it was slammed.  Sat in the bar at a pub table and was not waited on, had to go to the bartender after 15 minutes and told him what pub table I was sitting at.  He was pleasant and under the circumstances, no fault to him the place was spread thin.  So he had to come out from the bar to help serve, it was a given our plates wouldn't be picked up cuz the bar was busy.  The carne asada tacos were just ok, not much flavor, I did like the beans veggies.  Horrible ownership and management for something like this to happen.  The service was as bad as I ever had, again not by the server, but there was not waitresses or waiters, never heard such a thing.
3	The Macayo's chain is an American version of Mexican food. You won't find anything spicy or authentic on the menu, but the food is still good. Just set the right expectations. They do great lunch specials and a decent happy hour. Two tacos, rice and beans for under 10 bucks. Sure I will. The service is great and this particular location has a pleasantly large outdoor patio
5	Super night at the Depot! Walked in and was immediately greeted by the patio bartender Mike. Awesome guy and super nice so we ordered a drink to hang out for a bit. We asked to be seated in the bar and were sat in a great little private booth. Ben the inside bartender is a Rock Star! He treated us as if we were the only people in the bar! So fantastic and my family really enjoyed themselves. Our food came out and looked amazing and tasted even better! James the Manager came by and was extremely nice and was very attentive to everyone's needs. Awesome experience even with it being a late night dinner.
5	From a Mexican Vegan I love this place!! The food is great!! I am able to eat the tortillas, the beans and the chips!! All made without lard! The food is fresh and tastes homemade! I love the atmosphere and the service is wonderful! We have had James as our manager last night who took care of all of our needs! Friday night was fun on the patio with music playing and people dancing but inside still an environment you can bring your family to and have a nice dinner, the best of both!
1	Service was horrible!! Brought the wrong beer 20 min to get it, then food order was wrong. So disappointed!!
5	Delicious Mexican food! Great atmosphere! Indoor and outdoor seating, perfect for year round enjoyment.  All you can eat chips and salsa.... The queso with spinach was creamy and delish!!! When in town, we will be back! Great bar too!!
2	Mediocre mexican food! Delicious but not outstanding. Crispy taquitos. Fresh tamales. And crunchy chimichangas! Try their Baja dip!
2	After being seated I waited almost 30 mins for a waiter to come over to me. The whole time there were a group of waiters huddled trying to figure out who was assigned to me. Now I'm waiting an additional 15 mins for the waiter to bring me a simple glass of water. Definitely going to bail never to return....
5	First, the service was above average.  Our waiter, a manager, and even another table's waiter checked on us, which was awesome and we really appreciated it.  Granted, it was a slow evening, so I can't speak for the service during busy nights.When ordering, I wanted some fish tacos and was going to order the beer battered "seasonal fish", but the waiter urged me to get the seared ahi tacos (which was the most expensive taco item on the menu).  I agreed and wasn't happy with my decision.  The ahi is a great portion-- but for my taste, they were way too heavily salted.  The waiter saw I wasn't happy with his recommendation and brought me the beer battered fish instead, which were probably the biggest and most delicious fish tacos i have ever had.  One of the managers came over and made sure we were ok, and they even deducted the price difference from the original fish tacos.  I hate complaining about food, but these guys handled it like pros.  My only complaint is the margaritas were weak, but I was expecting that from an $8 Patron margarita.There was a group of about 20 seated near me that seemed to be enjoying themselves, so I would definitely bring a large group here.
2	Meh, with the abundance of much better Mexican food available we won't be coming back for food. Food was totally plain Jane and overly greasy.  Our server wasn't very knowledgeable about the menu and forgot about us midway through the meal. We had to flag down a different server to ask for to go containers for the second time and the check. Not impressed.
