2	This La Canasta is very close to me so unfortunately I go here for my green burrito cravings. The staff is very friendly but the food is not fresh Im assuming because they dont have a real kitchen and the portions are a lot smaller than you get at the other chains. The menu is also a lot smaller.
5	I use to go to La Canasta when they were on Dunlap. My burrito was just like I remember it yumo! My co workers and I use go for morning burrito runs.  Morning runs here we come!
1	Not great at all!  If I could give this place a zero I would!  I ordered one thing and was given another and not even asked if they could replace with what I ordered when I took it back.  The chips are not even chips, they are like cinnamon pita chips.  I would not recommend this place at all!
1	found a plastic sleeve that holds the cups inside my iced tea.  how is that possible. so shocked
1	Never again... Why never again - the service - it is VERY inconsistent.  There seems to be a new person at the register messing up orders every 2 weeks - so  they are constantly training and training badly.  My office is down the street and we have given this location so many chances but sadly there always seems to be something wrong.   examples:-  Order wrong-  missing items- order not entered into the system for take out - order call in and food not made when we arrive (40 min later)- rotation of new resister help always being trained- delivery guy had no change with him, we had no choice but to give him the change (over $6) which sucked because it took over an hour and 1/2 to get the order.- owner/manager/cook sees all this and it does not seem to faze him - breakfast was horrible / chicken burrito is ok / Tostada is good (but who can mess up a tostada) We have gone to this location at least once every 2 weeks since discovering it a year ago...I even gave menus to different areas in my office building.As of today, we will go somewhere else.  There are many Mexican food places in close proximity to our office that seem to care about their business and customers.  I will take back the menus and advise my co-workers of the service as I don't want them to be upset with me for recommending the location. It's a shame, the food wasn't all that terrible.Good Luck to La Canasta. I hope things get better.
4	This was my first time eating the food from here and I have to say it was delicious And the owner is super friendly. I had them deliver to my work and it got here super fast and the food was still hot. I will be ordering from here again
