4	I received a Massage Envy gift card for my birthday, and felt pretty unsure about the whole thing. I've always heard great things about massages, but being the never-nude that I am, the idea of a stranger rubbing my back freaked me out. Friends and family alike told me to quit being so uptight and just go. I am so glad I did!Because of my residential location, I chose the Massage Envy at the Blakeney shopping center on Rea rd. A friend use to work there and said that there were some really good massage therapists, one in particular whom she recommended. When I arrived, I was the only customer there. I was asked to fill out a form that was intended to evaluate why I was there (therapy, relaxation, specific tension spots, etc.). The receptionist was very nice, and helpful. The room itself was interesting; the lights were dimmed, peaceful and relaxing music played, and the decor was tasteful, but not distracting. My massage therapist turned out to be a guy, which totally freaked me out at first, but as it turned out, he was the guy my friend had recommended! He was funny, but professional, and I immediately relaxed. One cool thing I have to mention is the table warmer! Oh man, talk about nearly falling asleep! The dim lighting, peaceful music, and warm blankets just encourage you to close your eyes. I found myself in a near mediation state, which was really nice. It was a vacation not only for the body, but the mind. The hour just flew by, and when it was over, I felt so relaxed that I kind of just wanted to go home and take a nap. I certainly recommend this place and the experience of massage therapy. It is something lovely to indulge in, but not practical as far as membership is concerned to someone who is living within budgetary constraints and a busy work life. This makes for a great gift though!!!
5	My reivew is based soley on my esthetician, Amanda Neal. I'm not a huge fan of Massage Envys in general but I would follow Amanda anywhere. I've had a lot of facials while living in Los Angeles and I can say hands down, Amanda is the best I've even had. She's quiet, gentle and tells you exactly what she's doing. She gives an awesome scalp and neck rub as well. I cannot say enough good things about her. Please go visit her if you want a great facial!!
2	There is no consistency with the quality of massage you get here. I literally had some one do the karate chops on my back as if it was beneficial. If they didn't feel like giving a quality massage, don't come to work. I've had good massages here and there but I suggest finding your therapist somewhere else.
