1	You do get what you pay for!!!.  Had a convention in Scottsdale and wanted to find something more reasonable then the Scottsdale resorts.  Happened upon the Scottsdale Athletic Club and it looked great.  The price was slammin' so I encouraged a colleague and client to get reservations.The rooms had all the charm of Motel 6.  I was really disappointed and embarrassed for my client.  Found myself saying I'm sorry over and over again.  Hope I can save some fellow Yelpers from the same experience.
4	I have often turned to the Scottsdale Athletic Club for some holiday activites for my daughter especially in the summer when she is most bored and likely to get into trouble!!They have some great summer tennis camps - on some of the days they will bring lunch in otherwise you can 'brown bag' it. Most of the classes span a full work day (for those parents out there! =0)What was important as well - my daughter still recommends it as well!!Here's a link to their Grand Slam Camps:http://www.scottsdaleresortandathleticclub.com/sac/summercamp.html
4	Debra, this is an "Athletic Club" not a "world class" convention resort. Anyway, I recently toured the facilities with the intention of joining soon - I need a place to play Tennis and work out all in one location. The gym, pools, and Tennis courts may be the best in Scottsdale (that are available to the Public). The fee is around $100 a month, but well worth it if you know what court rentals cost - Where else can you play Tennis, swim, lift some weights, shower in private, and grab a Martini for the road??? They also have meeting rooms...
4	Stayed there this past weekend for a trip out for Spring Training baseball games.  Family was with, they enjoyed the pool and gym that is available for the hotel guests, found the rooms clean and spacious.  Would definetly recommend this place, not a big name, but you get a really quality stay for an affordable price.
1	I feel bad for the people who get suckered into this place after seeing their photoshopped pictures online.  This place is on par with a Days Inn, and is by no means a resort.My issue was the ownership and staff.  If you want to feel like you are the biggest inconvenience to walk through the front door, then this is your place! Also, I have no idea how their gym survives. They discourage gym-only membership and the fees are ridiculous ($549 initiation fee, plus $100 monthly fee).  I guess that's why the place is completely dead. Oh well, the equipment is old anyways.  Anyways, this place is a big NOPE! Nope nope nope
1	This hotel is beyond disgusting- be sure to read the tripadviser reviews also. If you book this through a discount place like I did (Expedia), you will regret it. Janice at the front desk looks like a Walmart shopper, with a rude tone as well.  We were shown a room (standard) that smelled like urine with one 2X3 window overlooking the parking lot. The lobby had a used Q-tip behind the chair and garbage strewn about. Place is worn, and tired.
1	I don't know where to begin we checked in on a Fri night in April the place was empty maybe 4-5 cars in entire place,front desk lady was talking to a guest on phone who wanted to come in that night instead of Saturday and she told them they couldn't because there were no clean rooms. We went to the coffee shop restaurant and the steak didn't taste right , didn't think too much about it until morning, Our room was dark lights are all dim and room is yellow & brown tones, I had to sleep on the pull out sofa bed, the sheets were dirty with crumbs, could tell the bed was never made,I slept on top of blanket, in morning I got up to make coffee the pot was there but no coffee filters to be able to use the pot,took a shower and only one towel in the whole place, we had two booked in our room don't understand why one towel ?Decided to go back to restaurant for breakfast how bad can you screw up breakfast and again place was empty but another couple were leaving they made a comment about the service, said he ordered steak and eggs  but steak was bad and they were walking out he complained how his room had one towel ! we said so did ours... confirmation now the night before we thought steak tasted funny. We overheard the waiter tell a table there is "No milk" they were out, its 9AM on a Saturday morning ! Coffee came in a styrofoam cup in the restaurant ! We walked out, checked out they didn't charge us for the room after we showed them 5 old cigarette butts on our non smoking dirty room balcony and pictures of the bed sheets. Too bad, has lots of potential but no service, rooms are like an apartment but dreary, pool looked okay but not sure where you would find a towel, place looks like its being run on a dime budget and I wonder if the owner knows the person at front desk is turning guests away from checking in. I would say there must be at least 75 rooms and literally there were maybe 10 cars in the parking lot .In need of an overhaul. Front desk said manager would call us but he never did.. Not a resort more like an old condo time share next to a tennis club.
