4	Moxie Java is a recently-opened little corporate-style coffee shop with a small lunch menu and some deserts.  Consider it Starbucks (plus) -- better coffee variety than Starbucks, wider menu, and wider selection of desserts.Let's get the important details out of the way: thumbs up on the coffee.  They brew multiple varieties of coffee -- light roast, medium roast, dark roast, and flavored.  It's nice to have a choice downtown (since workers have been stuck with the burnt swill put out by Starbucks for year).  They also carry frozen, blended coffee and the barista will make a tasty mocha or latte.  Prices are pretty much Starbucks level ($2.25 for a medium cup of coffee).It's nice to have a sittin' place downtown.  The ambiance is "corporate comfort"--fake hardwood floors, wooden chairs, fake fireplace.  The place is clean, the tables have space to work, and there's a few comfy chairs to sit in and read.  A plus is the free Wifi.The food ain't bad.  The bakery products are fresh--the muffins are tasty (they'll also offer to warm it up for you).  There's a light lunch menu too (wraps, bagel sandwiches).  I've had the club wrap and it's pretty well put together (bacon: crispy. turkey: fresh. lettuce: fresh).  They have a daily soup as well: decent-enough.  The real score with this place is that they offer gelato.  Ice cream for lunch!  Score!It's nice to have another cafe downtown.  There are few enough places to get food.
4	Really cute inside. Downside.... They are not open on the weekends. Locals would love it
3	Gelato is homemade!  I've never had bad gelato - I tried pretty much every single flavor they had available that day.  I was able to mix two flavors in my cup.  Blueberry and Coffee.  I forgot if they had free wi-fi or not, but there is plenty of space to sit/chill/lounge/hang out what have you - tons of indoor seating and there are also tables outside w/ umbrellas and chairs.  Moxie Java is right across from the court house and within walking distance from the Golden Nugget.  Very friendly and welcoming staff!
5	Stepped into this place and it was quite interesting. Wasn't sure if they sold coffee at 1st. The baristas were  really friendly and had some good conversations with them.   I ordered a Raspberry Truffle Frappe and it was quite delicious and blended quite well. They also offered another customer and I free smoothie samples.  This little cafe is a good place to hangout and get some coffee or dessert if you happen to go to court or in the downtown area! This place definitely has some moxie.
