1	This is THEE local spot for mid sized nationally touring acts!  It's clean (a rarity in it's genre) and the sound and sight lines are GREAT.  It's an old theater with the seats taken out so you can get as close as you want (always general admission).  As of late they have been insanely anal about security at the door (you MUST take off your shoes!?!?) but other than that it's by far the best place to see a band in Phoenix!They now are charging $5 for parking (and have taken over PUBLIC parking areas) ... now for big shows you have to walk a mile across the bridge to get in ... it really is a pain in the ass (combined with the door screening) ... so I'm downgrading this venue from a 5 star ...Although they must know the set time (it's in the contracts) ... they REFUSE to tell you them ... in hopes that you spend MORE time here waiting and DRINKING (i.e. more money from their CAPTIVE audience.  Total assholes to their own customers ... now I've downgraded to a one star!
4	As one of about three venues in Phoenix that bring bands worth seeing from other states or countries, I have come to appreciate the Marquee. I caught Gomez here a few months back and it was excellent. For some reason, Gomez hasn't caught on yet around Phoenix so I could basically stand up against the stage and watch those guys rip. More recently, I saw Citizen Cope in a much more crowded Marquee and it was still way cool. The sound is mixed well and distributed smoothly over the roaming audience. The drinks are semi-reasonably priced for a concert venue and the outdoor area is fantastic. Every time I drive past Van Buren and Priest I scope out upcoming shows to stay in the loop. It's a generally healthy practice for any music snobs like myself out there.
4	May 07 UPDATE:  Just saw Black Rebel Motorcycle Club here. Maybe it's the venue or just the f'n amazing bands I've seen at the joint. Either case, I'll be back. Be prepared to stand for quite some time. Get there early to avoid a parking snafu. Come ready to be frisked. If you're 21+, there's good ol' refreshments to be had. Bathrooms are relatively clean, considering. The acoustics are a bit questionable, though. Big disappointment.I saw The Black Keys here in Sept 2006. It was the best show I saw all year. Incredible Akron OH guys just jamming to the brink of exhaustion. I applaud them... and I tip my proverbial hat to Marquee for bringing them to town.
5	after Nita's bowed out, marquee stepped in to take most medium-sized shows, and i have to say as much as i loved nita's i like the marquee.formerly the grand river opry (or something), they tore out the seats, so it's one huge, open floor right up to the stage. the floor slants movie theater style, so you get a good view, even if you're short and are too grossed out by the thought of being mashed between a couple of sweaty kids to go near the front.one big bar in the lobby area, and if the show's big enough, a couple of bar carts in the outside area, a bar right next to the stage, and even a beer tub or two if it's a REALLY crowded show.yes, parking is a bitch. DO NOT think you're the first person who has thought of parking in the nearby private lots or in the apartment complex down the way - you're not, and you will either be towed, ticketed or broken into, or all of the above. parking is only $5 (could be worse), and you can get close if you go early enough. if not, you will have to park across the bridge, so keep that in mind if it's hot, you're wearing heels, etc. your best bet is to have a friend (or your mom - just because i'm 26 doesn't mean mom can't take me to shows, ha ha) drop you off. yes, you will be searched - bag and shoes.pretty much any band you'll actually want to see will come here, so don't do anything stupid like sass the security, the bartenders or get in a fight, cause you will get 86-ed. but, that's just lame behavior anyway.
5	From a band's perspective:One of the best venues in town for large scale concerts.  If you are gunna pull over 1000 and under 3000 this is an excellent venue.  The sound is IMHO the very best in town, and the lights are superb too.  Be sure to tip  your sound and lighting guy, before sound check.Stage monitors are rockin, FOH is slammin.  Venue satisfies band rider.  The staff was very accommodating, and professional.  The stage is at least six feet away from the audience, which was a little strange because we like to get right up next to our fans, but that was a small price to pay for such an awesome venue.One quirk with this venue is that doors typically open around 6 or 7pm, which is very early for most working folks.  Ticket prices are also a little bit more, but if you're seeing a band there, they are most likely a national act and worth it.-daveThe Strand - Arizona Industrial Musichttp://www.strandland.com
4	Nice ampitheater where you can see the not-quite-arena-sized bands touring through the area.  I managed to catch both Clutch and the MC5 while I was staying in Tempe, and both shows had good sound and sightlines.  The beer is expensive as hell though.  Essentially a big empty room, and the time you have there will depend on who you see.
2	i hate this place so so much. it makes it so hard to give it the two star rating i did which i have, but had to since it is a decent venue with decent sound that i have seen a few good shows at. but i still hate it so so much.the parking situation is what gets me the worst. they take advantage of the fact that they have the only lot in the area you can park at and charge you 5 dollars. even if the concert ticket itself is only in the 6-12 dollar range on a Sunday-Thursday night. the ridiculous fees are the next thing that pisses me off. they charge you several different fees when you buy tickets online including a facility fee. why?!? where are the facility improvements? its the same hollowed out dump of a theater its always been. you only charge those fees if you are actually doing something to improve the venue which they obviously don't care about. if you wanna avoid fees by buying tickets the day of or by going to the box office before hand and at a local record store, they will still charge you some convenience fees! what the hell is wrong with these people?!? you can't charge convenience fees when you go to a box office or buy from a record store! you have been inconvenienced when you have to do this. what a bunch of soul-less, money-grabbing morons.the next thing to take to task is the security. do you really need to search inside my shoes and make me leave my keyring in my car for a  my morning jacket concert? are there brawls or shivings at the indie rock and folk rock concerts they go to? you also aren't allowed to re-enter for any show.the next thing is the drink prices which are typically lousy for phoenix shows. 5 dollars for a draft beer. the fees, the parking, and the drink prices make in unafordable to go to indie rock shows in phoenix. this is especially terrible since 80% of the indie bands that come to phoenix come to this venue, even when its too large for them. it really hurts the indie culture compared to other cities where you can afford to go to several concerts a week. there seems is a real lack of comradery, consistency, and fellowship in the indie crowd in phoenix because of this piece of crap venue. it is also making it so that phoenix is a spot that indie bands are sure to skip on their tours despite being the 5th biggest city in the U.S. i mean interpol/liars have 3 days between their california dates and a date in mexico and they aren't even bothering stopping here. that really says something about how little respect bands have for the venues in phoenix.but i'm not even done yet. the venue itself is, just like others have said, a hollowed out theater with only a descent soundsystem for its size. almost all of the shows i have seen here have been extremely pedestrian. not memorable or worth the price of the admission. the only exception would be the faint shows that i've seen there. impossible to not have a good time at a faint show no matter how soul-less the venue.tour managers for smaller indie bands, please book your bands at the brickhouse or rhythm room or mesa amphitheater or anywhere thats not the marquee or clubhouse.
3	The venue, which is close to campus, usually gets all the big shows from Hot Hot Heat to Incubus to Mickey Avalon to Brand New. The great thing about the venue is that you can stand almost anywhere and still be able to see the band. There's a big bar inside with friendly bartenders, although the well drinks can be a little pricey. There's usually a hot dog vendor outside and most of the bands performing can be found walking around before and/or after their sets, making it easy to mingle. The downside about the Marquee is that parking sucks. There's not a ton of parking in the club's lot and the nearby lots usually fill up fast so be prepared to trek down Mill to get to and from your car if you don't arrive early.
3	So why doesn't this place get 4 or 5 stars you ask? I have seen 3 unbelievable shows here, BRMC, The Black Keys, and Guster, all great performances, but hey this isn't a yelp about the bands, it's about the venue. This place charges mad fees for online purchasing, plus 5 bucks to park. Which adds about 10 to 12 bucks to your ticket. Now, if that went to the band, no problem, but I guarantee the maintenance on the place doesn't justify the extra fees. It's basically a big concrete room with speakers, oh the ground slopes to the stage, so your back gets all out of whack standing. What this place does have, good drink selection, OK prices, and big bathrooms, good security, and a descent stage. You can get a good seat no matter where you stand, and they get really good bands to perform there. I recommend it, because I have too, this is Phoenix, we have to pick and choose our musical opportunities as bands seem to skip this area, even thought it's the 5th largest city in the U.S. Let's yelp about that!
4	The Marquee is probably the best venue in town, in terms of shows. They get some solid acts, and you will not find a more intimate venue outside of a bar. I have attended 3 times to see Badly Drawn Boy/Ray LaMontage and Social D. I always had fun.Worth noting: THERE ARE NO SEATS. Concerts take place in a giant room with a concrete floor (slight grade, probably for drainage ha ha)with a giant stage in front, and numerous speakers. There is a bar out front with beer/liquor which gets busy but always appears to be well-staffed. There is also a small concession stand/store which sells the performing bands' merchandise and CDs. The walls are decorated with very cool old poster from previous events. As the first reviewer noted, parking is VERY sparse. I show up very early or take a cab. It is a cheap fare from ASU/Mill Ave.
1	This is the reason why I stopped going to shows in Phoenix. Venues like this are terrible! This venue is trashy and overpriced. There are rude "security" that treated customers like sheep. One yelled at me because I was standing by a corner. The venue was too big and you could barely see the band. Luckily, I got a ticket for free and my friend bought me a a pricy 5oz cup of Bud Light beer. The parking was ridiculous. We had to drive around for 40 minutes and still had to pay to park. Needless to say, I'm never going to this again. Not even if you paid me.
1	This place sucks. I have seen a few bands here. The sound quality sucks and the shows are expensive. Why? I wondered the whole time because its cheap...they have concrete floors, horrible bouncers, and a lame patio with broken plastic seating. Oh and for parking just walk across the bridge park in the public parking lot. They rip you off. Drinks are a rip too. and for the most part crap bands play here.
4	I'm not gonna bite the hand that feeds ... Sure, Marquee could use some serious upgrades and curb all of that goose-stepping Junior Arpaio Youth Camp bullshit ... but they are bringing most of the indie acts to the Valley that I'm hungry for.I've seen everything from folksy act Sufjan Stevens (with chairs) to twee act Of Montreal (sans chairs) to electronica act Air (sans face, melted off), etc. and each time its been a pleasant concert-attending experience.  As is typical of my reviews, I liked it better when smoking was permitted -- Come on, Damon Gogh without a fag in hand?? -- it just doesn't seem right in an indie music venue.  But their patio is suitable for drinking and taking a mid-show break, even if it IS pretty rag-tag.  As mentioned by others, the drink prices are average, but they do have a pretty good selection for a music venue.  It says they are focused on making the beer lover happy, and not just forcing their hand on a $6 miller light.Overall, I'm pretty pleased with this place.  Its easy to get in and out of and is in a good Valley location right off the 202 with Tempe looming as a pre-drinks destination.
3	Being a music freak like I am, I spend a LOT of time going to shows, mostly for local bands.  I've seen some national acts here, as well.It can get pricey, though.  Parking.  Ticket fees.  I went to see LOCAL bands and paid $15!  Ten for the ticket, 5 for fees.  BUT, I would rather spend the money at this, a more intimate venue, than the big ones like Cricket or US Airways.  The sound is always great and I, too, like the sloping floor.  Hey, I'm only 5 feet tall and can still see everything.I was a bit ticked off that I had to take my shoes off at the door.  I mean, there were LOCAL bands on that night.  What, am I gonna stab Steve from Signs of Betrayal???????
3	We passed this place several times thinking we kept missing it. I was shocked at how small it looked. I mean, we'd paid an arm and a leg for some meet and great Incubus tickets, and I guess I was expecting, well, more. The parking was sort of crazy. The meet and greet set-up was lackluster. (On the plus side, nothing to do with the venue, Incubus was down to earth, friendly, funny and Brandon is super hot). Because of the Marquee's size, I did like the intimate feeling of the concert. I'd seen Incubus several times before at bigger venues, so this setting seemed like I could reach over and grab them if I felt like it. That's probably the only thing I liked.
4	We've been to more than several shows here and I can honestly say I've never been disappointed. The sloped floor is nice, as well as the random chairs. The big bar up front is convenient if you know how to fight for a drink. The patio isn't too bad if you don't mind cigarette smoke. Parking is pricey. If you live in the area, ride your bike or walk!
2	i HATE the marquee. hate it. when i'm looking at tours and see 'marquee' as the venue i am generally so discouraged. i hate the parking. i hate the sound. i hate no re-entry. the only things i like about the marquee are:1. that there is not a segregated area for the people under 21. 2. luckyman, the promoter, is insanely good to their bands, which is comforting.
4	Wow a lot of people are hating on the Marquee! I was just there on monday for a kick ass show by Yellowcard and had no problems at all. And it was $20!When you consider the other places that A LOT of these bands could be playing, and how much more YOU would be paying for tickets if they did... You should be happy to see them in a smaller setting for less than $30 most of the time. Is $5 for parking really that bad? No. Is having security check people at the door terrible? No. I enjoy knowing that when I go to the Marquee it's close to where I live, it's almost always all ages so even teenagers can go enjoy the music the love, and I actually really appreciate that it's a no frills venue. The people running the Marquee are more focused on the music than fancy carpet or nice patio furniture and I would high five them for it if I ever meet them.
2	Why do you bring in the best bands and then torture me?Parking is freaking ridiculous, at least I have been enough times to know to leave my car on Mill and walk.Your security people are a bunch of freaking jerks who take their power wayyyy to seriously - take off my shoes? What kind of weapon or drugs can I be hiding in my open toed 2 inch heels?Your sound SUCKS - seriously sucks. For all the fees you charge on top of tickets - buy some new speakers already.The bathrooms are grossDrinks are reasonable so you get 2 stars (Watch out for the glass walls leading to the patio if you have overindulged in booze.. I've heard they are easy to run in to).
2	a lot of bands I listen to end up playing the Marquee. It's  not a horrible venue, but yeah, the parking sucks and so do the security. As if I didn't pay enough for the tickets, now I have to pay $5 to park and then get  hassled by security so they can sift through my purse and make me take my shoes off. Note to girls, don't take a purse and if you do don't bring in a pen as they will make you thow it away. Wearing slip on shoes is best so you don't have to hassle with your laces. Sometimes, but not always security gets a little weird about where you can sit and lean. I was once told I couldn't sit on the floor with my back to the wall. Why?! So if I have a bad back and standing for a few hours is making my back worse I'm not allowed to sit down. OK.
1	It's such an insult when you go to a place that's got amazing potential, but you find that the proprietor's idea of a music venue is worse than a whore's idea of intimacy.  They must think that a bulk of monitors pointed at the cement floor and the misty stench of beer kegs is all it takes to make something special.  Good lord.  The sound guy(s) there likely couldn't distinguish the simple sound of a chiming six-string from a herd of farting stray cats.  They make the vocals sound as though it's all one 30 minute sustaining blur, the bass sound like you happened to catch Chanting Monks Night, and the snare sound like a plastic spoon hitting a mound of mashed potatoes.Me and a couple pals laughed ourselves silly during the last show that we attended there, after watching about 5 guys distract the crowd with their scurrying about to wrestle with one rack of lights... only to have each light end up being pointed at the bottom of the entry door at the left side of the hall.  Watching those "technicians" all walk away giving each other hi-fives and thumbs-up just about caused me to laugh up my pancreas onto the floor.  Downright hilarious.The parking arrangement is stupid, to put it plain and simple.  The venue is about the size of a 2-screen movie theater, with about 30 parking spaces available.  Really.  They actually place orange traffic cones and a couple guys out there to direct parking,It's all about as asinine as equipping a straw with an engine.Last little tidbit for all you folks out there who've gotten fed up with their security, and rightfuilly so: after experiencing a type of harrassment attitude from security one of my female friends civily acknowledged to their door staff that the club's ability to manage their security staff is in error, along with a public safety risk present within the venue were both matters enough to halt operation then and in the future.  Thus, my friend was obliged with about 5 free shows at the venue.Sound still sucked though, as I was told.
4	Hmmm. Don't really get all the negative reviews. We probably just got lucky, I guess . . .Saw the Black Keys a few months ago. Had a blast.The opening DJ (Local guy Johnny B or something like that) was effing awesome. This guy was playing the best, funkiest, randomly obscure funk and soul records from the 60's and early 70's. If anyone knows more about this guy, please PM me. Seriously. I have to meet him and find out where he buys his records.Decent beer prices.Security staff was actually nice. A/C was cool (tons of clubs keep it hot so you'll buy more booze)Sound was better than I expected.And we like the sloped floor which made it easier for everyone to see the band.Until we have one of those (apparently frequent) gnarly bad experiences, we'll definitely keep going back.P.S. Check out the Black Keys. Now!
5	I love to see a concert here. It's pretty intimate for a general admission place, you can go up to the front and get up close to the rock stars. I've seen a lot of metal bands here, Static X, Type O Negative, BuckCherry, Nonpoint, and Ween. I'm still ticked at myself for not going to see NIN and Alice in Chains there.If you like to go to a concert and actually move around and get into the music, it's really fun. If you like have your own seat and just clap at the end of each song then you should head to Dodge Theater.On a cool side note, I met my wife for the first time there.
4	Have been there twice now (once for Silverchair and once for Seether)and absolutely love the venue!!! It is a very small space which makes it impossible to have a bad view of the stage. There are two bars located inside which serve alcohol... always a plus. The bands usually do a meet and greet after their performances which is amazing if you'd like to get an autograph or signed CD. The lines move pretty quickly from what I've seen, and the local radio stations always have booths set up out front so you can grab some swag on your way in or out. The one big downfall is the parking situation. The lot is a pain to get into and is fairly small. I'd suggest getting there early so as to avoid the car line. One good thing about the lot is that when you decide to leave the venue you will, more than likely, see the tour buses and perhaps some of the band members hanging outside of them. Good times!!!
3	eh.I was rather disappointed in the sound when I saw Digable Planets a couple years ago. Ladybug's (singer) cool-soothing voice was all muffled.I did see Tegan and Sara a couple months ago and it was much better.Oh and they shouldn't keep the floor to ceiling windows so damn clean!
3	Saw The Hives last week at Marquee Theater - great show by the Hives, but as a venue, Marquee Theater could stand some upgrade. It's essentially a big barn, and lots of room on the sides, but the room sucks up a lot of sound. Most of the Eagles of Death Metal's vocals got swallowed up, though The Hives vocals were somewhat crisper. I noticed the entire roof interior was covered in foam padding, so that's good, but maybe the walls on the side could stand more soundproofing.
2	HIM -- Sound was terrible. The band actually sounded better when heard from the lobby. How do I know this? I had to spend the second half of HIM's set in the lobby because I was banned from the actual "performance space" when I punched some kid who had knocked my mother over while moshing...by himself. Yes, I go to concerts with my mother. She just has this thing for Scandinavian guys. She just loves boys in makeup. That probably explains why she was so enamored with my younger brother. Until I decided I wanted to be a girl. Now we're best buds and my brother hates me. I have family issues.CKY -- Security got me good on this one. I was like "I'll get by with no problem. I'll leave my wallet chain in my car." Then I get there and they're all like "all that loose change in your pocket? It's gotta go." Um, gotta go where? Certainly not the trash. That would be ridiculous, throwing money away. Oh...I get it...you mean it's gotta go in YOUR POCKET. Well, normally you wouldn't, you know, EXTORT money from a patron, but it's either that or risk me hitting a guy in the face with three dollars worth of quarters and dimes, right? Well, okay, if you say so. If it's really for safety purposes...HEY, I DID NOT JUST SEE YOU BUYING A FUCKING SODA WITH MY FUCKING QUARTERS!Mindless Self Indulgence/Kill Hannah -- What do you mean 26 dollars a ticket? What? Kill Hannah's not the headliner? We were told it was a Kill Hannah show, not a, who are these jabronis, Mindless Self Indulgence? Oh shit, I said that out loud, huh? Everyone's looking at me funny. Are they famous? Fuck, I'll just buy the ticket anyway. We'll just pretend I'm being facetious. Me -- Ashamed as I am to admit it, deep down I dream of playing at the Marquee, so I can know that people loved me enough to put up with these shenanigans to see me make an ass out of myself on stage. There's always hoping.
4	lets face it Phoenix metro area is in a serious drought of good venues when the marquee is a spot.i've been here a couple dozen times and each time its pretty much the same, crowded, loud, and hard on teh feetz. drinks are decent, and i kinda like the beers on tap. but security is a little nazi'ish..i know nobody wants to see anyone else get stabbed up in the face..but lets face it. who usually goes to a show with a steel? um not many. who goes into a show with their glock? umm not many again. i understand the sneaking in booze...but i'm always smelling reef'r up in here.so...what exactly is security doing? umm just slowing up the line. ease up. we are not getting on an air plane...i shouldn't have to unlace my 20eye grinders because i could have something in there considered contraband. it takes long enough to lace them up..the hassle of getting that knife/joint/gun/grenade/bazooka/harrier jet/or nuke i have hidden in there out is completely prohibitive. like. um..ok.otherwise i like this place. backstage is pretty cool too. :P
2	I had high hopes for the Marquee.  I hadn't had the chance to see a band there yet, tickets for My Morning Jacket were $30, not worth it for me.  But, when a friend wanted to celebrate is birthday there, I agreed to go.First, the parking lot has no signs to signal you in, it is hard to see because it looks like you are forced to go onto the Mill bridge but then make a right at the last second.  Parking is $5?  What?  I should have parked across the street.Now the tickets are not just the price you are quoted, they are marked up by a $3 service charge at the box office.  At the box office right in the theatre!  No ticketmaster, nothing.  Just raise the price of the ticket!Now,  they make you take everything out of your pockets and force you to be patted down.  Errr.  Then, if you want to drink they take a photo of your license for their computer.  Errr.  Was there a shooting here or something, because this is ridiculous.The interior looks like it is meant for 4 H Fairs or Amateur Wrestling.  There is a concrete floor, poor paint, and nowhere to sit.  The drinks are way over priced ($7 a shot for Jager!!!  Robbery!).Give me $100K and I will turn this place into a venue worthy of its location and name, and make it a profitable venue.  Cheap carpet, sound baffles/curtains, high top tables, new paint in the lobby would make this a place worth seeing a show in. I will try to avoid the Marquee at all costs, its too bad there is no where else for midlevel bands to play here.
3	I have seen several band at the Marquee and I think that my opinion of the venue is smeared by the fact that I have seen so many great bands come through.  The music area itself is a good sized area; somehow it manages to get a great sound out of heavier music.  I only had a beer or two from the tiny bar in the music area, so for those of us that enjoy a drink or four during live music, it's not that great of a situation.  I think that overall, people don't have many choices when it comes to where their bands tour, but with the Marquee it's definitely not a place to resent.
1	This is a horrible venue.Let's start with the ticket prices. Bought them at the window and still paid 3 bucks each in fees!! WTF is that about?Then it gets better, wait in line, being yelled at "I said take everything out of your pockets and take off your shoes!" by some power tripping 19 year old. I imagine this is how they treat you when you go to tent city too, but wait I paid for this!The bar was "Meh" ... long waits and expensive beers (5 bucks for a domestic bottle). The bar inside the concert hall was much quicker since it was cash only.The acoustics were not very good in my opinion. The concert hall reminds me of a movie theater with all the seats removed and concrete floor, so the sound kinda bounces around. If I were a band, I would skip this place and play somewhere better...
1	I've been here about 100 times and seen some really good bands. The Nazi-like control that the owner, Lucky Man Productions, has on this place always ruins it for me. Pretending to be a "local indie" promoter with exclusive rights to this weird dome of a music hall, they charge you and arm and a leg for everything. Ticket fees, handling fees, expensive drinks, even more expensive hot dogs and to top it off, they charge you to park there, in the dingy, hobo-centric underbelly of the 202 freeway. It's never a pleasant experience. For all it's worth, the sound in this place is just OK, but the sight lines are good for a place that holds 1,000 people.
2	I have been coming to this venue since it  became the Marquee in the mid-late 90's.  It used to be the Red Rive Opry.  I have seen a shit load of shows here over the years.  This place was pretty good, but parking was always a pain, even before they made Tempe Town Lake. They didn't charge you though.    Any way I went to see Les Claypool last  night.  Instead of charging you $5 to park in the free Tempe public parking, they now  want you to pay $5 go park in the parking structure across the street.  Fuck that, park at Tempe Town lake for free, no matter what the parking Nazis tell you.  Yeh they charge you a $3 fee to purchase you ticket at the window, which is bullshit.  But the Dodge Theater charges $6 wtf!  Sometime about 5-6 years ago some security asshole decided it was a good idea to strip search you before you go in.  No not really, they just make you take your shoes off and remove all the items from your pockets and pat you down.  This isn't the fucking airport.  This is the only music venue around that I know that does this.  So for a large crowd expect some delays and what a joy if you are wearing boots.  The mix drinks are generally decent.  As far as drink prices go, they are on par with other venues.  They are way cheaper than the Dodge Theater.  This ain't the Sail Inn.  There is a bar in the lobby area and another small one to the left of the stage.   For some larger shows they usually add another bar or two.  Be sure to drink before you go in.  The stage stage area reminds me of an older movie theater with the seats ripped out.  The acoustics aren't good, basically 4 concrete wall.  The sound varies from ok to adequate, depending where you are in the room and who's playing.  By the sound board is usually ok.  Security here is over way over zealous and they are usually assholes who make a mountain out a mole hill.  I really hate this place because of this.  I personally only had a few run ins them over the years, again because they over react.  For example: Last night security was disrupting the show so much to stop people from taking pictures and videos on their cell phones that Les Claypool told security fuck off, he didn't care if they took his picture.    This venue used to be pretty cool, but the past few years I hate to go to shows here.  I avoid this place unless they have someone I really want to see.  Such shame because I live right down the street.
2	Five bucks for a bottle of Miller Lite says pretty much everything you need to know about this place.Also, if you are planning on attending a show here, plan on paying for parking.I have seen some terrible sound guys here, but it's hard to say if that is the fault of the Marquee - a lot of bands that would play here tour with sound people.The majority of the problems here are problems with venues of this size everywhere in the country - the parking, the over-priced shitty beer, the strip-search upon entry, the lack of re-entry.Still, if there was any competition for a venue in that part of the Valley that could handle bands that are as popular as the bands that play at the Marquee, they'd be hard-pressed to do a less-enthusiastic job of it.Also, the sloped floors make it easier to see a band from further away, but they also can KILL your back.
3	I have a lot of the same issues as others with this place.  Kinda dumpy inside and out for being so close to the rest of Mill.  I'm not picky, though.  Some of the best shows I've seen have been at total dives.  However, I expect the drink prices to reflect that.It's not a cool little indie venue, as one may think from looking at the calendar, which I can't blast them for.  I can complain all I want but if I want to see Poison the Well, Every Time I Die, The Meat Puppets, and Dinosaur Jr. over the next few months, where else can I go?
2	I have a lot of the same things to say.  Celebrity is old but has a nice circular stage and great acoustics.  Dodge is nice and more expensive but a great place to see a concert.  My beef with Marquee has always been that it is a cheap warehouse and it is a bit of a dump.  Seeing a concert at a dump can have value too if it has some history or just a cool ambiance/environment.  Marquee has none of the above.  I will say that the ketel one tonics were stiff and the bartender was responsive.  Otherwise, it's pretty hot because the doors are open and they have a couple of large fans inside and that's about it.  Many bands sound somewhat marginal there because the acoustics are just not very good.  However, the concert we saw this week sounded very good so that was a nice suprise.  I usually go to rock n roll shows if that gives you and idea of the type of music and the volume.  LOUD.  Gotta love it.
4	I always enjoy checking out bands at the Marquee. It's by far the best midsized music venue in the valley. Thanks to its sloped floor, most people are able to get a good view of the stage. The acoustics are exceptional and the stage is more than accommodating. This place is built for live music. The bar area is separated from the ballroom so that you can enjoy your drinks while not experiencing sonic cranium abuse. The smoking area is directly adjacent to the bar and is exceptionally spacious. They also recently added a kiosk that sells your typical gas station necessities (e.g. cigarettes, cigars, gum). The restrooms are adequate but the lines can get long at the more popular shows. This is the venue where up and coming bands intersect with the bands whose appeal is becoming more selective, ranging from Katy Perry to Whitesnake. The sole reason that I do not award this place a five star review, even though it is my favorite live music venue in town, is that the current PA system is not up to par. During last nights concert with Ratt and Extreme the PA cut out multiple times during both bands performances. Unfortunately, this has occurred several times over the last 18 months or so and it needs to be addressed. As the valley's premier live music venue it is paramount to have a top notch PA system. It makes as much sense to have a third rate PA at this venue as it does leaving your child at a daycare center managed by Michael Jackson.
4	This is the best venue in the valley for what is intended to be; a midsize venue that attracts national touring acts, with a standing room only intimacy that you won't get at a place bigger or smaller. I saw Clutch here recently, and it rocked my balls off. I didn't drink at the place (took care of that before and after) so I can't comment on drink prices. Parking did suck, but there was a structure across the street for five bucks. One downside, going to the website to check out upcoming shows is tedious. The calendar is soooo hard to sort through, I would only go there to get more info on opening bands not listed on ticketmaster.com
2	The only reason I will go back is if a band comes to town that I cannot miss.I'll start with the good.  Security is so friendly.  My friend proposed to his girlfriend and they were so helpful into making it happen.  If they kick you out, you deserve it!!Parking sucks.  It costs money to park and they don't have many spaces.  You have to get early to park and it's really the only good parking around the venue.Sound is meh.  I've heard better, not often do I hear worse.DRINKS ARE A RIP OFF!!!!  Either don't drink, come there drunk or sneak booze in (I don't support sneaking it in.  They do pat you down as you enter)So what we have here is a rip off establishment that is one of the only places in town to see national touring acts.  Fuck it.
2	Man, this place is not a good venue for the over 21 crowd to enjoy a concert. This place has absolutely nothing special about it at all, except some good bands occasionally and a decent patio. My first experience here is when I turned 21 and saw Phunk Junkeez and others, oh wait I didnt get to see them because I got kicked out! Security here sucks, they are big dumb a-holes. I was kicked out shortly after turning 21 for supposedly giving drinks to minors and being drunk. The supposed minors were not even with me and my friends got kicked out also for drinking, which they weren't. I admit I was a lil tipsy, but the bouncers were jerkoffs and didnt believe I was 21 even though they were staring at my id. Oh well that was awhile ago and I have went back reluctantly since then. I saw atmosphere last May, we had to park a mile away over the bridge(lame) and wait in a longass line to get in. Take my shoes off??what? Am I a terrorist now? Give me a break. Anyhow, the bar's drinks are AWFUL and way expensive for the quantity and quality. The show was good though, sound isn't too bad. Why can't they have a few tables and a little decor in the main stage area? I feel like it's a concert in the street. I guess it's so they can pack as many people in, so classiness is not in the agenda. This place is more suited for the under 21 crowd, I guess I just like a lil comfort while enjoying music now, not the moshing type anymore, I'm old, haha.
3	Most of what's posted in these comments is 100% dead on. The bar/drinks are great. Show prices are very reasonable. The speakers inside leave a LOT to be desired, we went to see Pinback last night and the music actually sounded better outside of the venue, through the door, than it did inside. Security wasn't so bad, I didn't have to take off my shoes and my wife didn't even get the pat-down.Overall it's somewhere in the middle for me. I've been to far better and far worse places for concerts. I'd go back, but only for a band I really, really want to see.
2	I guess coming from the "live music capital of the world" I've seen how a number of clubs and venues work. The Marquee is NOT how one should work.I just went to my first show there and I can tell you... unless there's something I can't miss I'm not likely to return.First off... parking? Hello? "We are not allowed to allow people to park in this lot but if you go over to the parking garage ($5) around the corner you can park there..." Uhhhh.... if you can't let people park in that other lot then why is it half filled? Idiots.Secondly, how hard is it to put up some signs indicating a line for will call and the line for purchasing tickets? When I arrived it was a complete mess with no one (including myself) around me knowing where to go. I got in one line that didn't move, asked staff who didn't know and finally overheard someone say that another line was doing will call. Seriously? Organize, people! It isn't that hard.Whatever... I have tickets in my hand. Time to go in! Yay! Say what? I have to get patted down? WTF is this? Last time I had to do that was in Boston when I went to see RHPS at the Harvard theater. That's a little different though (not to mention security was actually... GASP ... friendly there). People go in there with all kinda of stuff. But this? I've actually never once had to take my shoes off, get patted down, and be barked at like I was last night.The sound was meh. I've heard worse in some Boston clubs but I've CERTAINLY heard better.I can't comment on the bars as I don't usually tend to drink anymore when I go out to shows. Most venues are rips offs when it comes to that and I've come to expect that. Maybe I'm just getting old. Who knows.It got pretty warm though now and then until they opened some doors on the side about 10-15 minutes before the show ended. My guess is the usual tactic ... drive up drink sales. At least it wasn't so warm as to make me leave (Deep Ellum in Dallas.... I'm thinking of you). The sloping of the place does allow one to have a better chance of seeing the stage, I will admit. Nice touch. I don't think it causes any more back pain than anywhere else. Standing on a concrete floor for hours hurts in the end no matter where you are. But the space is at least better that a lot of clubs I've seen (Emo's in Austin... I'm thinking of you now).Sadly the Marquee continues to convince me that the Phoenix area is devoid of decent music support (live or record stores). Ho hum. :(
4	Here's the short story on Marquee Theater. Parking & Arrival: Easy waling distance from Mill Ave where there are 100 college bars and there is some parking on the street/garages for cheap. Tons of hot coeds, cheap food, etc. Go early, hit happy hour at a nearby bar and enjoy the walk across the bridge. It crosses a man-made lake which is pretty cool in the middle of the desert. If the bridge is too much exercise for you then you are going to the wrong venue because you will be standing for the next 3 hours as there are no inside seats, only picnic tables on the patio full of smokers. Yes, there is parking right behind the venue (under the bridge) but it fills up fast. I see people bitching about $5 parking. Have you been to the football or baseball stadium or cricket pavilion in the past ummmmm decade? If so you know they charge as much as $25 to park a mile away. Quit bitching. Security: Yeah they are hardcore and annoying. Put your "stash" in your underwear like you've been to a concert before. If you put it in your purse or front pocket they will take it. Duh. Bar: I don't think the prices are too bad. Yeah, they are gonna kill you on Jager redbull bombers (just like everywhere else - again duh) but they have Sierra Nevada and some good local 4 Peaks on tap and I think big ass 24 drafts were like 6-7$ which isn't too bad. That same beer costs $10 at AZ Diamondback games and is even more expensive at the football stadium so no big deal. If you think that's too expensive its probably cuz you do most of your drinking at home or at the Applebees happy hour in Casa Grande or AJ. The bar also takes credit cards and they even run you a tab (at least on slower nights). Whoever was complaining about the necessity to bring cash and to empty pockets of change I'm not sure what you are talking about. Why do you have spare change anyway? If you think you are buying a beer with spare change anywhere within 15 miles of a concert venue you are smoking crack and don't need the beer. Grow up. Sound Quality: Its an old music venue that had the carpet and seats and wall trimmings ripped out years ago leaving a cement oval building. It sounds like a cement oval building. Period. Stage: Everything that sucks about this venue is also whats great about it! They get shows nobody else wants. Period. The nicer venues are either too big for the bands or they know the punk rock / death metal kids don't buy anything so they wont book those bands cuz they don't make enough at the concession stands. Its just business. The good news is you can get closer to the stage here than anywhere else in town. A $30 ticket here would cost you $150 somewhere else to be this close. Its all general admission and the crowd is usually not so dense so you can get up front for a few songs, get out (without the bouncers plucking you from the crowd) and go to the bathroom, grab a beer, and still get right back up front within a song or 2. Everyone gets a chance to have their turn up front! Seating: I saw someone posted that there is outdoor seating. Just to clarify there are picnic tables on the patio which is where everyone goes to smoke (no smoking inside anywhere in AZ). You CANNOT see the stage from here. And the tables fill up fast before the show and during intermission so don't count on getting one. Note to annoying people who go to shows early, never go to the bathroom, never leave to go to the bar, don't smoke, etc. You get there early with your girlfriend and you get right up front. Shes all smiles as she holds onto the rail front and center. Guess what? I'm coming up front for my turn mofo. Deal with it. Don't get mad, you didn't pay extra for front row and you don't own it. Its called general admission and there is going to be pushing and shoving. Nothing mean, nothing rough, but there will be the constant swell and pressure from the crowd on your back all night. Goes with the territory. There is plenty of space where you can cuddle and hold hands, its just not where you happen to be nesting. I will get my turn front and center, and I will relinquish it after a few songs so some teenager can have it and so on and so forth. We know you are excited to be in the best seat in the house. You have probably never seen a show from that close because you are either too cheap to buy the good seats or too much of a pansy to actually make it up there thru a mosh pit. Enjoy it during the opening act, but just fade out and avoid having your night ruined and your girlfriend pick a fight that you have to (gulp) finish. There is usually no stage show / effect per se so there's not that much to see up there that you cannot also see from the back row which is only 50 feet away anyway. Leaving: Be careful. Lots of cops. AZ has some of the worst/strictest DUI laws in the country so if you are not from around here you have been warned!
2	Basically, I have to be in love with a band and desperate to see them to suffer through a night at the Marquee. Although the location is convenient, the sound sucks, parking can sometimes be difficult, it's nearly impossible to get a drink at their bar, and they treat their customers like criminals.They make you take your shoes off to get in the venue! Need I saw more?
3	The Marquee is what it is. A venue for music. Red River Opry was the original occupants of the venue. So at one time it had rows of seats and theatre acoustics. But that is all but gone and there is a stage down and front two bars on each side with a slight downgrade from back to the front up to the stage. So it is cool in that regard that pretty much anywhere inside you will have a great view of the performers. Sound quality all depends on the acts ability to play live and how good their sound man is. I've read in other reviews how people were patted down and taking their shows off. Well the pat down is done everywhere. I saw people taking their shows off but when it was my turn I was not asked to remove my shoes. So I think this might be something that people started doing on their own and others just assume that it is part of the procedure and do it. But I have never been asked to do it. To sum up, Marquee is an adaquate place with sufficient ammenities. It is what it is.
2	There's a reason I avoided this venue for so long- because I didn't want to be pushed up against a bunch of sweaty people. But the right occasion and the right band pulled me from my comfort zone and into the Marquee Theatre. I'm not going to bitch about the parking, $5 isn't bad for an event and the lot was across the street. Once we got there they separated us into boy/girl lines. Since it was an anniversary gift for my husband, I had the cash to pay and had to jump out of line to give it to him. I tried going to the front of the line to see how we purchased tickets and they directed me back to the line. After I get searched, have by bag gone through, put my boots back on, get my drivers license scanned, get a wrist band, they finally ask for a ticket. Somewhere during that huge process you think they would have let you purchase a ticket. From the line we were standing in there was no way to see the ticket booths, never mind I had already asked some idiot working there. We finally get in and the drinks were stiff and reasonably priced. The theatre had very poor ventilation and airflow, it was like being inside a sauna. The stage is a decent size and the ground slopes down (as most theatres do) for better viewing. The sound however was not so great. I did like that they had little bars set up inside the theatre, it made the lines shorter. There's a patio with a few benches and that's all the seating in the entire place. The Marquee was all I expected it to be except for the sound. You'd think a music venue would care more about acoustics.  Oh, from the patio you can see all the people getting pulled over by Tempe police, watching someone get a DUI always puts a nice damper on your night.
1	Okay people; this takes the cake. The greedy owner of the Marquee is now charging fees that he is not sharing with the band on TOP of the fees the Marquee was already charging. Oh yeah, and when I went to check out, the total was $25.00. Picking up at will call was noted to charge me $0.00 in convenience fees. Guess how much effing showed up on my charge card? $34.50. That's right. $9.50 in fees that were undisclosed. Ya feel me? It's the principal~! Oh, and about 1 days worth of food. B*stards. I'm still going to dance. And then never go back there again.
1	Fees, fees, and more fees.  They get you coming and going, and then are understaffed so you get to stand in line for at least thirty minutes.  You'd think with all these fees that they'd be able to have a couple guys frisking people, or hose the floor down more than once a month.  Apparently not!  I'd considered giving them two stars, but then I remembered the fee to PRINT OUT MY TICKET AT HOME, and realized this place is truly evil.  Not that these crazy fees are such a rare thing, but I don't have to give them extra stars if they're evil.  I'm just waiting for the inevitable "fee to administer additional income related to fees" to pop up.
2	I'll start by saying I enjoyed the concert I saw last night, but... While it is just a music venue and my expectations weren't set that high, the marquee failed to live up to even those.I was there with Andrew K, and agree about the fees, the line to get in, and the sticky floors. The sign of a good venue is how efficiently they handle crowds, and they fail at this. But I'd also like to talk about the bar. The servers were friendly enough, but they had tacky hand written in marker signs that read "we can only run your card once, please start a tab." When I tried to oblige, I was told their system can only handle 100 tabs so I couldn't. Ridiculous.
2	Crowded, hot, and I didn't really think much of the sound system. The crowded part, of course depends on which show you see. The one I saw was sold out, so that certainly makes a difference. This was also the beginning of February, so I don't really get the hot thing, since it was like 40 degrees outside.Someone must have read the reviews on here, or people have been complaining, because there were people right out front directing the lines. I found the will-call line because of them and had a really short wait.I wore flip-flops, so I wasn't asked to take the shoes off, but was asked to empty the pockets. A light pat down. I know that they do this at the Celebrity as well (at least they did the one time I was there, a few years ago) but, being from Tucson, I'm not too used to this as they don't do it anywhere here.I wasn't charged an extra fee either when I picked up my ticket. I did will-call because, yeah, they charge you a fee to print out the damn things. I mean, what's the deal with that? It doesn't cost them anything except purchasing/developing that little web app to handle it. But I think that's a policy of Lucky Man and not the Marquee itself.Parking: no signs or anything, so you just have to guess. I pulled into the lot and was told to go to the garage because the lot was full. Thanks, guys. The garage wasn't bad and, when we left, they had opened a second exit (only one entrance), which probably helped. I honestly don't know, because we left a little early and there was no line at all.I also had issues with the scalpers being out there and being corralled so that you have to pass them. I don't mind them normally, but one, I guess, took offense to me not responding to him specifically (I had like 8 of them ask me for tickets) and yelled at me when I walked by again. Actually, I was on the phone, so maybe he wasn't yelling at me exactly. Either way they're assholes, but I guess you have to be to do that sort of work. Don't patronize these guys: if it's sold out, go through Craig's List.All in all, it was kind of what I expected out of the situation. This was an up and coming band that had gotten a lot of mainstream attention recently, so I anticipated the sold out show and the sort of idiots that usually patronize more well-known bands. This would not be my first choice of a venue to attend a show at though (Clubhouse and Celebrity are both better and about the same size).
1	I effing HATE this place!I will only come here for a band I just can not miss.Tickets - Online in advance is more expensive than buying at the door. They'll charge you like $6 for buying online & another undisclosed $3 for will call. Lying cheating bastards.Lines & waiting - I didn't have to wait at all. There were barely any people there yet. I got there at 6:30 and ended up pretty close to the stage.Frisking & pat downs - These will be done by a same gendered person. Girls, they'll want to look in your purse.This is pretty much against the 4th Amendment:"The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated..." But if you bitch they have the right to refuse service/entrance. Fun!Decor & cleanliness - It's pretty dirty everywhere. But that's to be expected. Lots of people coming & going all the time. You'll look up to see that the ceiling is bare & exposed. Pray your bladder holds out on you until you can get to another location. Don't even go into the restrooms if you don't have to, you'll wish you had a hazsmat suit on. Yuck!Drinks - There's a bar & they don't separate people under 21. I imagine it would be easy for an older friend to get under 21 people drunk in the crowd :DHeat - It's constantly hot. No matter what the weather outside is like go dressed like you do in the middle of summer phx heat. There was 1 lousy fan blowing. It might as well not even have been there.Music - For some reason between bands they play weird music that doesn't fit the style you're there to see. I saw Fireworks, Saves the Day, Hellogoodbye, & New Found Glory. They played 80's pop music. Ok...Sound - The sound didn't suck as much as other reviews led me to believe. It's up to the band to make the sound people get it right. Hellogoodbye made sure they sounded good. Saves the Day, not so much.Security - Never enough!!! There were some big beefy dudes up front to push back or catch the crowd surfers. I saw 2 guys actually in the crowd. With all the moshing going on, that's not gonna cut it. People got kicked in the head, elbowed, spit on, stepped on, pushed, almost crushed, & even I almost got into a fight w/ a short asshole mosher that might have been a guy... perhaps when his balls drop. Prepare to leave with bruises.Basically, this place is like an armpit or perhaps the donkeys ass of venues.Fail.
1	Nothing positive to say about this venue. I am always disappointed when a band I love plays here.
1	The Marquee Theatre is pretty much like going to your horrible mother-in-laws house. Its a terrible idea that you fret over.. But you go because there is some bomb ass reward, like a home cooked meal, chocolate mousse pie and a bottle of champagne not even your wealthiest friend could afford, and because well, you have to, to keep your marriage together. The Marquee is like this. I go because one of the loves of my music life are playing a show there and I wouldn't miss it for the world.. I cant miss it!I basically hate every single thing about this place. I literally get bummed out when my favorite bands pass through Phoenix and choose to play at this shithole. The sound sucks, the bar is almost impossible to get through to, order 2 at a time to be safe, and don't expect the bartenders to be friendly. I know there are a million people there trying to get drunk, but come on, laugh a little bit. Do something besides yell and question my completely legit ID. Its hot, dirty, the bathroom situation is a disaster. I don't even know how so many grown ass women can destroy a bathroom like the ones at Marquee, but I think it might be safe to assume dudes use the ladies room from time to time. Either that or bitches are peeing on the floor and TeePeeing the stalls for fun. Its absolutely baffling. Lines are long, parking is a nightmare, your best bet is to park elsewhere and walk. Don't piss off the security guards either, they are all obviously raging roid monkeys that will kick you out for even looking at them wrong. And one thing I HATE the most, they stamp your hands so much that it looks like a 4 year old took a box of markers to your hand,  with ink that doesn't come off for 4 days. Cant you just give me a neon colored wrist band and call it a day? I have enough ink on my body as it is.Like I said, I only come here because I have no choice, and yes, I will continue to come here.. I just hope one day Phoenix opens up a venue comparable to the size of Marquee, but actually turn it into a place you want to go to, not just because you have to.The end.
3	The best thing about this place is the setup. It's basically a big square with a stage at the end with huge stacks of amps where bands play. The sound quality can get muddy at times but the view is basically good from anywhere. Came out here some years back to see a metal show, and while it lasted it was okay.The staff were dicks, but whaddya expect? Security: Don't say nothing to them and they won't say anything other than commands to you. The patrons: The Pantera-style metalheads were annoying but the old school thrasher and black metal kids were cool. I was from out of town and when I asked people for directions they were pretty cool. It was more than 100 degrees and raining so nobody wanted to be outside.Ticket fees are just a thing with most venues. 95% of the venues I've been to all over the U.S. have some fee system if they advertise their shows through a network. These fees are no more onerous than ticketmaster or Livenation.After the show was over (actually ended early because the power went out) the masses descended out into the streets outside this place. Then the Tempe P.D. swarmed the place looking to boost the local jail population and a few unfortunate souls got trapped in the mess. Tempe is a strange place you know...
3	I came here for the AP Tour.  Besides the fact that I was the oldest person there (besides the parents of all the high schoolers who went), I had a good time. I bought my ticket beforehand which was a good choice because they charged an extra $3-5 at the door. There is a parking garage across the street that opens for Marquee parking only and it's only $5. No complaining there. The light rail also comes right by here if you take public transportation. As for the venue itself, it looks similar to a warehouse. There is no floor, it's concrete, and it's slanted. They have a nice little outdoor area with tables and a bar on the inside (which obviously wasn't busy seeing that the average age of the attendees was about 16). As for the acoustics, I've definitely had better, although the sound of screaming girls echoed off the walls pretty well. I'm not really that picky when it comes to concert venues so it did the job, but like I said I've experienced a lot better.
1	Whenever I find out that a band I really want to see is playing at the Marquee, I get the same feeling I have when receiving an electrical shock.  I abhor this venue, from the absurd amount fees that keep piling up (wtf is a convenience fee, a way to conveniently take more of my money), paying for sub par parking (thank god I can now give my money to the City of Phoenix to ride the Light Rail), to the overpriced drinks (and crappy service that is provided for that), and the pat downs that me make me feel like I am entering a highly secured prison. The sad thing is that this place does have potential to be decent, but it is just run like shit.
3	I'll say that my experiences here aren't as bad as other reviewers, but I am here for one thing. Photography. They have better lighting than some of the other local places around here. As others have pointed out, to watch the show, there really isn't a terrible place in the theatre. The floors slant down to the stage, the music is pretty good, and I've never really been hassled. Some times the friskers bitch about my camera but we usually have a way around that, too. The beer's ok priced (no more or less than other places), and it's usually a good time. My only thing is, do NOT park here. They charge too much! Park out a ways and hope on the light rail. I'm from the east side, so I could park at apache junction for free and ride in very easily!
2	I have a real Love Hate relationship with this venue. It's close to my house and it does pull a lot of great national acts. As previously reviewed the sightlines are good and the sound is OK at best. I shoot photos at this venue often and the stage lighting is decent but it seems like they've changed something recently and the tones are more on the red side - which is a photographer's nightmare.The security team is never on the same page with venue and artist policy and protocol. There is always conflicting information between the team members which inevitably ends up with in a run in with them for me.I am not a fan of Luckyman Porductions and I think it's time for someone else to take over our area and expose these guys for being the greasy businessmen they are. Surcharges, upcharges, taxes, parking fees for a lot I'm not sure they own or have the rights to just to name a few.Basically, I go there because I have to but given my choice I would prefer The Celebrity Theater or The Orpheum Theater in Phoenix any day.
5	I'm not really sure why people complain about this place. Do they have service fees? Yes. Are they SIGNIFIGANTLY LESS than Ticketmaster? YES!!! Never once have I seen the Marquee charge a $16.75 convenience fee like the dodge theater!!Is the bar busy and maybe a bit over priced? Yes But I also had a friend go to Nascar last week and he paid $7 for a can of bud light. And the bartenders are super nice if you arent a rude or a douche!Its a LIVE MUSIC VENUE and if you compare it to others in town, everywhere in the room has a great view, there is parking available right in front of the door (for a fee) and more often than not, the sound and lights are great.People need to remember this is a business, not a charity. When you pay $30 to see a band play, who do you think sees the majority of that money? The band. I've been to many many music venues across the country and this is hands down one of the best.
3	I have to say before seeing the AMAZING Sia at the Marquee last night I was nervous about all the bad reviews on here especially about the acoustics of the venue. So was it all that bad? Not really. Granted it wasn't sold out so there was plenty of space and never a line to get a drink which helped. Parking was $5 which wasn't a big deal and we got there in plenty of time to grab a space (made for a hyper quick escape at the end of the show!). Drinks for $7.50 for and $5 for a beer which again didn't seem over the top to me. The sound was a bit crappy I will admit and having seen Sia two years ago at the Hotel Congress in Tucson I can only hope she relocates her choice of AZ venue when she comes back. It wasn't so bad it ruined the evening and the mix got better as the set went on. Overall I've been to worse places around the country so if a band you like plays here give it a go.
5	I hadn't been to the Marquee in years, I really can't remember.  A friend told me Vampire Weekend was playing there, and I just had to have tickets. I was thrilled with the venue.  I didn't care for the opening act (Abe Vigoda, a band, not the old dude) but that gave me plenty of time to hit up the bar, check out the huge patio/yard area and visit the ladies.  All the lines moved fast considering how packed it was, and the staff was all super friendly and nice.For the show itself, it's a small enough venue that I can't imagine there are too many bad places to hang out, and I was close enough to the stage, but had enough room around me to keep from feeling claustrophobic. Vampire Weekend lived up to all of my expectations and then exceeded them and all in all the night was a huge success.
1	I must be getting too old because I've had enough of this place and I'm officially drawing the line. Never again mmmmmk thx! Been here many times come to think of it too many times. Yes dont go in here carrying anything but your ID and cash!! Wear flip flops if there wont be any moshing and as long as you dont mind a little drink spillage on your piggies you can bypass the shoe police.  After the "search" the 18 year old will take your ID take a photo and put you into some weird data bass you can see everyone who's drinking with you. Then the girl will look at your ID after for a few minutes maybe she is adding years in her head. "Yes I'm wayyyy older than you and yes thats my real ID trust me." Like I'd want to lie and be this old lol. Is that really necessary?!?!  Yes I have seen good shows here and it may be well worth the "closeness" you can get but I think I'm good. I am boycotting this place the employees are mind numbing and treat people like cattle. The only nice ones you will encounter are the ones manning the FULL parking lot, its always full guys ALWAYS. Boooo Marquee boooo Lucky Man it seems the only lucky person is you being able to book these shows.  I wonder if Rialto is any better it could be worth the drive.
1	Do not go here unless you absolutely need to see a band.  I went last night, and luckily didn't have to pay for any tickets (I won them).  Venue is dirty beyond belief, like I don't want to touch anything for fear of disease dirty.  Hot, hot, hot, in a bad way.  If you are going to have a non smoking venue you need to enforce that, all kinds of people smoking on the concert floor.  Sound, was mediocre at best.  Parking was a rip off, and I don't think they even own the lot.
1	Agreed!  The Marquee in Tempe is a joke!  That was theeee worst place I've ever been to for a concert.  The ladies room was the fiflthiest I'd ever seen.  I mean 3rd world filfthy!  THERE ARE NOOOOOOO SEATS! NONE!  ZILGTH (SP?)!!!  If you're over 15 don't go there!  you'll stand allllllllll night long.  It was awful.  My feet were in so much pain.  This is not a place for pretty women.   don't wear heels to this place.  wear your slippers with plastic bags wrapped around them - use lots of duck tape!  there were drunk people walking, no, staggering with filled drinks.  you can picture the rest.ok I'm done.  I need to get that off my chest.Hey, if anyone sees Erayka B, give her the finger for me!
4	Unlike Kris and some others, the Marquee is my FAVORITE place to see a concert. LOVE IT! This place isn't for wimpy concert experiences where you're locked into a seat. You stand for the concert. So much better -- so much more energy. And it's so much more of an intimate experience. Just get there early so you can be up front (and watch out for the few rude folks who try to push their way up b/c they came late).A different reviewer thinks those of us over 15 can't stand for very long and won't like it. I'm 37, I always arrive hours early, and I have no problem standing -- or dancing -- the whole time. I even wear heels.The place is grungy and college-oriented. The hand-dryers are green. The music is loud. It's a totally fun, energetic, and rowdy concert experience and always my venue of choice if I can see a great band there.
3	I was pretty nervous about going here because of some of the reviews, since I've never been there before. The fees definitely suck but it really wasn't that bad, I have been to venues that were much worse.
5	I totally understand this is a hate it or love it place. Well I love it! It's really small so no matter where you stand you have a good view. And the sound system is pretty good. Drinks are reasonably priced, and made really strong which is nice. Get some pre-show pizza it's really yummy for 3 bucks a slice!
1	I've only just now read the reviews here for the Marquee. I wish I had read them before I went to try to see a show there, and I might have saved myself time. I arrived an hour early because I could find no detailed information about the venue or the specific show online. The security was way over the top - after being patted down and having every pocket of my purse inspected with a flashlight, I expected to enter into an awesome venue. But there wasn't much awesome about the experience. There were two opening acts, and it took well over 30 minutes between sets for them to set up and go on. I don't know if it was the people at Marquee who were having issues getting things moving along, but the opening "guests" were hardly worth listening to, and any energy in the crowd had plenty of time to die down between sets. As the small crowd waited for an actual show, they were able to purchase $7 beers ($6 for a budlight) at the bar, or sit outside on the patio and smoke. Inside, the music pumped through the speakers bounced painfully from dusty cement walls to dirty cement floors and into my ears. No wonder I woke up with a headache.
1	I've been here twice in the past few months and it's a truly awful venue. The Pretty Lights show was sold out and it took me forever to get inside. They only had  a couple women searching other women and they made us take our damn shoes off. There was no line, just a huge blob of people which was making me claustrophobic. The cops outside were busting people like the Gestapo. It was seriously disturbing. Granted a lot of those people were underage, and some of them were drinking in line (stupid). But still. I used to go to shows all the time growing up in California and I NEVER saw a scene like that. Drinks are overpriced but that's to be expected. What is extremely frustrating are the bartenders! There are only a few to serve like 1500 people and they move at a glacial pace. They don't even TRY to move quickly or efficiently. Plus I got really annoyed the guy took forever, kept screwing up our order, and then carded me even though I had a wristband. The sad thing is about this place is that it really seems to be a staff/management issue. They get good bands, the sound quality was good for the acts I heard, and it's spacious. It does get extremely hot inside with all the people though, I think they should crank up the air or at least put in ceiling fans. I don't mind the lack of seating, it is a concert after all. It sucks because it's basically take what you can get here in Arizona. I will only come here when there is a show I absolutely cannot miss. Otherwise, I'll just keep going back to LA for bands I want to see.
1	This is the worst concert venue I have ever encountered and I have been to LOTS of concerts! If you are from out-of-town and pondering seeing a show here...steer clear!  First of all security getting into the place was ridiculous and borderline violating.  My breasts have not been felt up like that ever in public, not to mention behind my belt buckle!  I mean way worse than TSA!!! Not to mention they make you take your shoes off and pull EVERYthing out of your pockets, taking for freaking ever!  I think they frisked me more because i had eye drops on me.  Oh yeah, it is the dessert and it is dry and therefor i need eye drops to keep my eyes wet! They analyzed my lip balm, I  forgot to remove from my pocket, like it was a bomb Lol! You would have thought we were in a police state with all the cop cars out front and minors/stoners getting busted.  Usually police are at concert halls to keep people safe and deal with emergencies, not to interrogate all the patrons based on what the security goons have to say.  Once inside the place is a dump, not that it is a big deal being a concert hall and all, but it is, and there are few places to get beverages for such a big hall.  In the bathroom there were ladies doing lines off the paper towel dispensers so apparently the Gestapo outside didn't help. While watching  the show many people were getting yanked out of the concert for behavior/drugs/nothing at all etc.  The crazy security and the police force outside definitely ruin the fun of going to concerts at this place.  But I did get a free CD tossed to me by the band on stage, so that was a perk.  We also have a pretty good story I guess, now that we can laugh about it.  THIS PLACE SUCKS HARD!
1	What a dump.My recent experience at the Marquee Theatre was essentially like every other reviewers.-Slow security with bad attitudes-Take my shoes off?  Really?-Weak, overpriced drinks-Dirty nasty venue-Rude ass police outside-Just plain trashyIn the immortal words of Danny Glover, "I'm getting to old for this $h*t."
4	I went for the first time while attending the Social Distortion show on 1/13/11. Yes the other reviews are correct; you have to take off your shoes, or boots in our case, as we were on the motorcycle. What a drag, but it was quick and painless. This place is what it is...an old school music venue, kind of dumpy inside, bathrooms dirty due to lots of traffic, bar area packed, with the front foyer crowded. They need a vending machine for Soda, so those that don't want to wait in line at the bar, can get N/A drinks. Either that or set up a satellite bar for the quick sale. The sloping grade of the floor is a nice touch. Parking was nice and easy $5 and I was able to park the bike right in front.
4	Great place to see a small, intimate show.  I have seen many acts there and then watch them move on to bigger venues and all I can think about is how I wish they were playing at the Marquee. It's got great sound and pretty much anywhere is a great view.   But other than that, its nothing too special, just future event posters stapled everywhere and expensive drinks.
2	So, I had free tickets to a show last night again at the Marquee...apparently the level of security and 'strictness' depends on the band that is playing.  It wasn't anywhere near as horrible as my first experience at this venue, but I've experienced much better.  I still only give it two stars because they need more places to serve beverages, or have another place to get non-alcoholic beverages.  Also the security to get inside is ridiculous.  If in Phoenix, the open-air concerts at Tempe town Lake or in Glendale by the arenas are much better.  For indoor venues I like the Rhythm Room or for hard rock/metal the Clubhouse is good.
4	Awesome little venue! Just saw Interpol here over the weekend and was very pleased.  My boyfriend and I traveled from San Diego just to see Interpol here so I was very concerned about the reviews for this place.  But I was pleasantly surprised to see that most of it seems to be from people who must not be used to this kind of atmosphere. It is definitely a grunge kind of atmosphere.  It isn't dirty nor clean, strict nor lax. Mind you, it was an Interpol show I went to, so I don't think they were really expecting strung out head bangers or anything, but we were all patted down and asked to clear out our pockets.  No big deal.But I was happy with the responsiveness of the security. There was a drunk chick next to my boyfriend and I that was being loud, crude, and violent and within 15min she was escourted outside. We were very appreciative. Despite the distance from our home, my boyfriend and I will definitely be going back.  A road trip is always a good break and this is an awesome destination.
1	the marquee sucks. drinks are waayyyyy too expensive, the security are dicks to everybody....even if you're 100% sober, they'll look for a reason to kick you out once you've paid a gajilllliiiiooonnn dollars for everything. basically, they can suck it.
1	Okay, I'm done with this place.  Since my original review, I've been to a few other shows here.  The place just get's worse and worse. If there is a band that I CAN'T miss, I'll drive to Flagstaff or Tucson to go see them.I wish I could take it back when I said that security is friendly.  They're really not.  One of my friends has been kicked out more times than he's stayed through an entire show.  We're not talking about someone who picks fights with people.  If anything he's tipsy and having a good time.  They always find a way to kick him out.Drinks and fees cost too much money.  Like I said before, I rather use it towards gas money to go to Flagstaff and drink for cheap at the Orpheium Theater.The patdown to get in is a JOKE.  I actually wore PJ bottoms last night so I wouldn't get hassled.  The guy still opened my pack of cigarettes to smell and see if it smelled like pot.  REALLY?!  Come on!  I'm not 16 and I'm not stupid.  Sadly, there is another show tonight that I really want to go to.  I have decided to skip it to stop supporting this place. I have certain standards in order for me to spend x amount of money on a fun night out.  This place does not deliver. Until this place is under new management, they have lost my business.
5	I love you, Marquee Theatre. Just last night I saw Dashboard Confessional here and it was packed. I have seen many shows here and I have not a single complaint about The Marquee. The bartenders are really friendly, the bouncers do a great job, and the bands they have play here are always phenomenal. Not to mention, the sound guys do an awesome job. I love how big it is in the Marquee, because it allows for tons of people to see a great show. One thing that most venues fail at is keeping it cool inside of the venue, The Marquee on the other hand does a tremendous job of keeping the temperatures bearable in there. The only thing I hate (and this has nothing to do with The Marquee itself) is that I am always standing next to belligerently drunk, annoying girls who can't seem to keep their mouths shut during a set.... Please don't speak... I am listening to Chris Carrabba's angelic voice, thanks. All in all, I think that The Marquee Theatre is my favorite venue of all time.
1	You can always tell a theater is going to be really horrible when they spell their name "Theatre." Mark it down. This rule will never fail you.The Marquee Theatre offers a collection of everything you don't ever want to experience in a venue. Every part of the building and staff are a complete joykill. I was there on Dec 1st 2010 and every step of the way I considered leaving. I will never return no matter how badly I want to see the act.Parking here is nearly non-existent. We walked far from a parking garage across busy roads to get to the building. Walking up to the front, the grounds were littered with trash amongst the overgrown weeds and potholed concrete. To get into the building we had to push through a crowd that had no attempted organization. There are no queues and no one directing any sort of a line.When we reached the front of the line finally, we were told to take off our shoes outdoors. I saw several kids barefoot on the glass-strewn ground. Then a hideous troll groped me and told me to empty my pockets.Once inside, there was a very foul odor. This couldn't be due to the current  human traffic because the event had not even started yet. I was immediately thankful we took our shoes off outside and not in here because the floor was filthy and sticky.We went to get a drink before the show started and were met by the surliest bartenders I have ever experienced. The theater inside is exactly like being at a rave in an abandoned warehouse. So try not to think about the fact that you PAID to be here.You will not like this place unless you have killed ALL your braincells like too many of the area's students.
2	I dont understand how they get away with charging so much for the ticket, charging even more for processing, charging again for parking, and then charging THREE DOLLARS for water and up to 8 bucks for beer. How are these greedy pigs still in business?  Prolly because dumb people like me keep thinking "this time will be different" huh.Its small, its pretty dirty, it is UNGODLY overpriced bar-wise, what really sucks is they get a really great band every once in a while and you pretty much have to bend over and take it or miss a legend like the pogues or something.  Plus with the prices so high you get stuck with all the yuppie tempe kids able to afford to attend so the crowd can be kind of annoying, depending on who's playing.PS dear security dudes, sitting on a thick ass concrete table will not hurt it. Calm down.
4	Seriously, it's not that bad. The stage is easily seen from any angle. The bathrooms were clean and fully stocked every time I went in there. Bar prices are average. In fact, they're much cheaper than other show venues and of course, sporting events. Sure, all of those ticket "fees" are annoying, but where else can you go where that doesn't happen? Too many couch-complainers on Yelp over a $6 beer - WAAAAH!!!
2	I attend several concerts here every year and what everyone says about the general staff is true---they are often rude and disrespectful for the most part. The bartending staff and front barricade security have always been professional and pleasant, but the front-door security is the rudest as well as the ticket window staff. The venue construction isn't very good. There is barely any of a slant in the main room and it makes it extremely difficult to see the stage. Acoustics are give or take depending on the sound team that is working. Drinks are quite expensive so it's best to avoid if you don't have a lot of money. Even the prices for bottled water are ridiculous. They often pack the venue beyond its 1500 capacity as I found out from several of the nicer staff members which might propose a huge hazard should there ever be an emergency. The barricades are so high that they're extremely uncomfortable, if you decide to be in the front. As a HUGE tip, I suggest either carpooling, taking a taxi or the light rail because parking is impossible especially at a sold-out show. I DO like how they have hired police officers to keep an eye out in the parking lot after the show because it makes it feel safer at night. They have never been rude or pushy. They are there to observe and interfere only when they must. If you stand in the parking lot long after the show has finished and are chatting with your friends they won't bother you, but that's only been my experience. I like the fact that the venue is close to me and that several bands play here, so I will continue to go to this place as I must be able to grin and bear it with the poor experience.
1	I wish I could give less than one star. Marquee theater is the worst place to see concerts in the Phoenix area. The owners are so cheap they never turn the ac on. You know something is wrong when in July it is cooler outside than in the venue. This place sucks, overcharges, and should be closed. Does somebody have to die from heat stroke to get the ac turned on. I wonder where my service charges go? I sure can tell you where they don't go
3	Not a bad place to see a show. Yes, parking is pricy, but alternatives are available. With the small venue, it's easy to see the stage from anywhere. Drinks are expensive, too, but they know their audience and they're targeting what they know they want. Candy is expensive at a movie theater, but people still buy it. Anyways, I've seen some great acts here and I think a lot of the little things can be overlooked, at least for me.
4	As far as big venues go I prefer going here.  The only reason I didn't give it  stars is because parking can be crappy and drinks are overpriced. I never park in the lot because I park somewhere else for free and its pretty close. The bartenders are always nice enough.  The sound is always great and on big show nights they have 3 bars open. :) The bar by the stage USUALLY has the shortest line.  The floor is always WET from sweat and drinks... probably some pee too. I still would much rather see at show here because Mesa sucks. :(
4	I saw Hank III here on Sept. 19. I thought that this was a great venue. The floor is angled so you can see the band from anywhere. $6 for  a beer is average for a concert nowdays. They should have had more bartenders but I only had one beer so I didn't care that much. It was easy to fight your way up to the front and get a great view which I really liked. The security was great. They let the mosh pit rage and just hung out on the fringe of the pit making sure people were cool. It was a great time and I will go back here for sure.
4	Ok all you people that bitch and complain about fees at a venue is stupid. You go to a concert right? EXPECT to pay fees! If not then happy day for you :)That's how the venue makes there $$ IE drinks, parking and so forth. Parking was $5 BTWAlright now on to the review. This place is sick!!!! Loved the setup. We went to see Bassnectar here last week. SOLD OUT show and I kid you not you could still go to the bathroom without waiting 10 minutes. Drinks are reasonable, $6 beers or $6 well rum & cokes. Not to shabby then going to let's say a Dimondbacks game and paying $10 for a 8oz cup of beer. Also love the smoking area out behind the bar were you can get whatever  kind of cigarettes you want.Security was a lil tight. If your gonna bring drugs to a event then be smart people. Come on really!! Saw at least 4 guys get taken out an hour before the show started for dealing RIGHT IN FRONT of security. o.0 no sympathy at all. Place is a little run down on the inside. Could use a little up keep but seriously who goes there for how nice the paint is on the walls haha?! All in all. Will defiantly come see another show here
4	Ah the Marquee how I do enjoy this venue!  I'm not going to bitch about how I have to take my shoes off like so many people, get over it.  It takes 2 seconds.  This medium sized venue is perfect when you want to see a band you really enjoy in more or less in an intimate setting.  What I mean by that is that this venue is not too big nor is it too small.  It's just the right size and no matter where you are inside you have a good standing position (no seats inside).   What makes or breaks this place is the sound.  If the sound guy is doing the correct mix, the acoustics in here are pretty damn solid.  If the mix is bad, it's definitely going to put a damper on your night.   The inside is nothing special.  It's pretty much 4 walls with a stage, and a big stage at that.  I have never had a bad experience here and I actually really do enjoy attending shows here.  I can't wait for the next one!!
4	This venue books a ton of great music. I have been here over 20 times and I think that is an understatement. I don't have as much money to spend on concert tickets and beer now that I am back in college and don't work as much. This is the best local venue in Tempe and they know it. The staff is cocky and somewhat rough around the edges, but they have to be to keep the large auditorium of people under control. I recommend taking the light rail to this event, there are two stops really close by. I like to ride my bike there because parking sometimes fills up unless they also have access to the parking garage across the street for that show. They charge for parking so bring some cash. Rock on!
4	I attended AwolNation live concert at Marquee, which... is not a theatre but a warehouse converted venue. It was completely awesome though, as we don't have very many similar places on the east coast. What's more, it was my first RAVE experience.Deeply touched by all the standing audience and performers, thanks to Marquee for contributing to such a special fun experience.
2	Is there a rule somewhere that says modern concert venues all have to be grunge-tastic?  Dirty concrete floor, ripped acoustic baffling, no real decor to speak of.  I realize that you're not going to a concert to focus on the environment, and I'm not asking that everywhere be done up like a Baroque theatre, but the budget-box mentality really gets old after a while.  Just the addition of springier dance-style flooring would be useful for people standing/dancing around for six hours before, during, and after a show - I'm in fairly good shape and limber from yoga and bicycling, and by the end of it even I was having some lower back pain.Complaints aside, the place wasn't a total wash.  The acoustics were solid, and while the sound mixing was fairly rocky at first (I couldn't tell at all what the opening act was singing about, though I enjoyed their music enough to buy their EPs), they eventually got it sorted.  The staff were friendly, professional and efficient; and there was a free public parking lot within easy walking distance, so the $5 parking charge didn't bother me any. Not bad enough to outright boycott, but I certainly wouldn't be tempted to go see an act I didn't already know about on the strength of the venue alone.
4	Love, love, love this venue. Doesn't matter where you are at this venue you can see the entire stage. There are plenty of stalls in the girls bathroom and a outdoor area for smoking or just getting some air. The bar is located in a area that is accessible when you need to get a drink or just take a break. The bar is always staffed appropriately to accommodate a crowd. They also have a separate area for merch. I've attended several other venues that are crowed, hot and if you want a drink you can hardly get up to the bar. Other venues feel like your watching a show in someone's basement. I also like the fact that those who want to enjoy a drink can still hang out with our friends who aren't of legal age.What can I say by far one of the best venues to go and really enjoy a show.
2	A 5-star performance in a 2-star venue - that's what it was when I recently went to the Marquee.To be fair - there was some good.  It's conveniently located and, as far as I know, I didn't contract any strange diseases while there.Now, the rest.First strike - our experience trying to park.  First led into the tiny parking lot then told it was full by staff who seemed like it was their first day on the job.  How to get out?  They weren't sure.  What?Okay, parked across the street - still plenty of time for the show.  Then - the clusterf*ck that was the line to get in, aided by the total lack of signs differentiating between those there to buy tix and those with tix.  No rhyme, no reason.  Strike two.Inside now - to the bar for a refresher.  $7 for a warm, flat beer served by a guy that acted as if it were solely my fault he had to work that night.  Strike three.The show, as mentioned, was solid.  There are no bad seats (standing spots) in the place, though the acoustics are sort of like playing a stereo in a large closet.It would take a band I really, really want to see to bring me back.
1	* SORRY NO RE-ENTRY * SORRY NO RE-ENTRY * SORRY NO RE-ENTRY *I can't believe that no one has commented on this very important note (totally worth mentioning again if I didn't see it)! We were 1st timers (our mistake, I guess, but one that should be duly noted) & didn't see the INSIDE "signage" before stepping through the gates of hell...* SORRY NO RE-ENTRY * SORRY NO RE-ENTRY * SORRY NO RE-ENTRY *We had to take off our shoes for some bullshit pat down. Whatever. Cockroaches all over the place. Gross. Bathroom disgusting. Gross. Beer expensive. Whatever. One time run on credit card, so must open a tab or bring lots of cash or get banged at the ATM. Whatever. No seating. Fine. Security hopped on hopes of "catching" you. Whatever. Shitty pizza offered. Whatever. Doors opening & show starting are NOT the same thing. Whatever. Limited parking. Whatever. Size inside. Not bad. Outside patio. Not bad. 3 bars. Not bad. But let me re-state the shittiest thing again... Once you're in, you can't leave!* SORRY NO RE-ENTRY * SORRY NO RE-ENTRY * SORRY NO RE-ENTRY *We were excited to see Steel Pulse, who were awesome BTW, but were very let down with all the 'RULES' at this place... and we are hoping that we don't have to go back there to see another great band. We can appreciate grunge, but try again Marquee Theatre.* SORRY NO RE-ENTRY * SORRY NO RE-ENTRY * SORRY NO RE-ENTRY *
3	I was skeptical about going here after reading ALL of the reviews...AND it wasn't that bad!  Bar - they had a great selection (even had Patron!)Bathrooms - its a concert hall...they aren't going to be great, but they weren't as bad as I read.Parking - $5...its part of going to a concert.  I guess there is parking near by, but we didn't want to walk that far.It was HOT inside.  They do have fans to circulate air, but definitely should have had AC on that night.Bottom Line - I think your opinion of the place is going to vary depending on what concert you see.
2	Came here on a Wednesday night to see Cage the Elephant. When we arrived (just before headliner) there was exactly one parking space that had apparently just opened up. Parking was $5. Carpooling seems to be a good idea. I was disappointed to find that when you buy tickets at the window there is a "$3-$5 service fee" whatever that means. For two of us the total was $56. We were then directed into a security line. Didn't know I was going to an international airport. We were asked to empty our pockets and then patted down. Then our ID's were scanned, and all pictures from the licenses of the 21+ are saved on their computer. Seriously, what?Inside we went to the bar and our buddy asked what they had in the arena of cheap beer. The bartender said "Nothing." Turns out the cheap stuff is $6 for what looked like a 14oz cup, decent stuff is $7. Apparently now we're in L.A. Decided to wait on drinking until after the show.  The actual theater is an arena style, standing-only, big cement floor that gradually slopes down towards the stage. The show was fine, sound was a little meh but seemed to improve throughout the night. I wish the most memorable part was the band, but instead we spent most of the time watching the power-trippy security team descend on their prey and kick out person after person. Put a big damper on the atmosphere. We've never been to a venue where security was even that noticeable, much less this overdone. In general the whole vibe of the place was something along the lines of "YOU MUST FOLLOW ALL OF OUR MANY RULES. FUN COMES LAST."Yeah...we'll be sticking with Club Red.
3	Mark-Keyed My CarBy The RueIt's Friday night with nothing to do,How about a show, maybe The Who,Got in the Jeep,Hit the street,Drove out to Tempe,And went to the Marquee.Psychostick was the band I went to see,They sing a funny song about boobies,Tacos and Beer,Both songs I did hear,Watch out for the Narc,Five dollars to park.Fully stocked bar is good to know,Go with friends, take home a ho,Steal toed boots,Dyed hair with roots,Get into the pit,Deck the guy who hits.Snoogen!!
1	$6 for a Pabst Blue Ribbon... are you flippin' kidding me?!  This isn't Comerica... they at least turn the AC on.
1	I've been waiting in the will call line for over an hour. The staff is just silly emo hipsters who don't seem to care about their patrons. Get shit organized. I could stand this when I was 16, but there are some people who have expectations of a music venue. Plus my ass is sweaty. Which makes me angry.
1	Parking is crap. I had to pay for parking. I couldn't find a spot initially because the lot was so full. I sharked for awhile before finally finding a spot. I can't believe I had to pay for this. It isn't like the property is worth so much that they lose money on the lot. Whatever.Service fee at the box office. What up with that? That is "Bait and Switch" because there is no cheaper way to purchase the tickets. They advertise one price and then you learn there is an unavoidable fee. Bait and switch.  The security line is a joke. You get the full pat down. You need to empty your pockets too. I felt like I was entering some jail at a 3rd world country. I hate being treated like an animal. They scan your ids and retain the photos. Feel violated much? Alcohol is expensive. The AC must be broken because it was hot like a mutha. There are virtually no seats in the entire venue; including the bar and the outside area. The only place to sit is a low brick wall outside, in the heat with the smokers. The theater has no seating as well. The floor is concrete so that is super comfortable for any show over 30 minutes. Nothing like standing for hours on a slanted concrete slab. The security are jerks. They seem to forget we are the customers paying for their part-time salaries. The Marquee is one of the few businesses that don't want to cater to the customer. I have skipped out on several shows hosted by the Marquee. My decision was strictly based on the venue. I hate that place and hate giving them my hard earned dollar.
1	Love the venue. Loved the music. The security they have here is out of control.They make it very difficult to have a good time. From the invasive harassment at the front to the constant, in your face presence once inside the show, the security is there and they make sure you know it. We all want to be safe at a show but when the security workers are complete dicks to everyone, it makes the venue suck. We want to come here, have fun and spend our money at your establishment. Management/ownership should take a look at whoever is in charge of security. They're driving your customers away!!
3	A decent, medium-sized venue that books shows good enough to keep you coming back, but just has a few annoying aspects that prevents me from becoming a fan. First of all, whoever promotes for Marquee needs to stop bullshitting about ticket prices. All over the internet, I see ads for local shows at just $12. It's $15 when you get to the door. Guy in booth claims to have no clue what's going on, which is actually worse than saying it's a "service fee", which it is.Also, WTF @ Security? No wonder you're so nonchalant about half-assed, TSA-style pat-downs. You're capturing images of my ID, too. I've seen either of those practices before, but never both at the same time. When you get inside, you'll see a sloped concrete floor. Pretty cool for people standing in the back. The sound system is great. The lighting is pretty nice. Step outside and have a drink.I won't complain about $7 beers at a show. I have paid $5 for a bottle of water in similar environments, so it's nothing unusually high. My issue is that the beers are not cold enough. It doesn't quite hit the spot. Also, WTF is up with it being $7 for Kiltlifter and $6 for PBR? Makes no sense. If you wanna drink, that's about the best you're gonna do, unless you like vodka/cranberry.So 3 stars because I'll go to shows here, but nothing about my Marquee experience could be described as exceptional. It's a bare-bones venue that will book music just good enough to make you not hate the music business.
4	Good venue for a show.  Having multiple bars is great idea and got me through the line before the show started.
1	Love the acts I've seen here but hate the venue. As others have said, security sucks, and the bathrooms are gross.Would it kill them to turn on the AC? It is crazy, stifling hot in the Marquee. Is this a way to sell drinks? Plan on wearing as little as possible so you don't faint from heat exhaustion.I don't get their super-long will call lines either. Why make most shows mandatory will call if you only have two windows to distribute tickets?Don't worry if you have a long wait though. The band won't start without you because no one ever starts before 9pm. Again, another way to sell drinks.I would strongly discourage any woman from buying a drink at the Marquee. I know of at least 3 women who have had very strange reactions (including blacking out) after having a couple drinks here.  Just play it safe and stick with bottled water.
4	Well, Well, Well!  Seems like a lot of complaints about a lot of standard stuff.  Let's start by shooting some of this crap down: 1. Being patted down and taking shoes off are pretty standard practices.  The last thing I want is to be closed in a venue with a couple drunken fools with guns and or knives on them.  Get a grip people, this is for your safety!  I was in line there and because of the searches a guy got out of line and went back to his car.  I later heard him say that he felt naked without his blade on him?!?! I get it, skip the searches and let this asshole in!?2. Security is looking for crap all the time because the place is heavily monitored by several police agencies.  The big one that's usually there is the department of alcohol!  They're simply following the laws set fourth by this over baring state!  Sure, those guys can be dicks but at the end of the day I'd rather have them there doing their job instead of the freaking cops!3. What business/bar do you know of that does not gouge the crap out of you for a drink?????? Nothing new here! 4. Sitting on cement tables that are not bolted down is a good way to have a 300 pound slab of concrete fall on your dumb ass.  Also, I'm sure they have all these crazy rules in place for insurance purposes and, YOUR FREAKING SAFETY!!!!!! 5. Security can be a buzz kill when it comes to kicking people out.  I did a little research and found that AZ law states that a person cannot remain in a public place if they're over intoxicated. And, the law states that a person can not be asleep in a bar or establishment that serves alcohol.I realize that for some, being hammered at a concert is fun... AZ law doesn't agree! Looks like security is just following the law here!At the end of the day the place could use a tune up, and they could get familiar with organization as far as the line entering the building.  The venue is old and needs a remodel but I'm from the east coast where everything is old and needs to be remodeled.  The drinks are expensive and some are weak....drink your shit before you get there!  There are very few places like this left in this country and I think we should embrace the ones that are left.  Where I'm from (New Jersey, Washington, DC) places like this have much bigger problems.  I love this place and others like it because I'm not worried for my life while I'm there.  Lets keep it real for a second---when is the last time someone got murdered here?  when is the last time someone was severely beaten here?  when was the last time someone got mugged here?  Lastly, when was the last time you were here and didn't feel safe?  I don't work at the place and nor do I know the staff but, I'm glad to defend the place.  The need to fix it up, clean it up, and get a little more organized but that's about all.  Overall, they're doing a good job of keeping the place safe and keeping some happy with being able to see their favorite show!  Take a trip to the east coast and try a small venue before you judge this one so harshly.
2	I've read the reviews and people hate this place because of security, gross bathrooms and price gouging. Personally, none of that bothers me because I tend to see shows that don't require a lot of security (Matt & Kim, Cut/Copy, Band of Horses), don't drink much there, so I don't get taken on the price of booze and also therefore don't need to use the bathrooms.However, this place really does suck. The simple reason is that the sound quality is terrible. I have defended Marquee to its detractors before, but can't any longer unless they fix the sound quality. Maybe it's a great place to see a hardcore punk band, but for something a little more subtle like Band of Horses, there is no need to crank it up to the point where the sound is distorted. During my recent experience, I couldn't decipher what songs were being played sometimes until halfway through the song, in spite of knowing the band's entire catalog. Not every band needs the bass cranked to eleven. I recognize they are playing to the people in the back, but I had a better sound experience in the lobby, as a consequence. The sound guy needs to realize this is an enclosed space and adjust accordingly. Hopefully my favorite bands will favor the Crescent Ballroom in the future. Now there's a venue that knows how to balance the sound for a small, enclosed space. Plus, when they gouge for a drink, it's a good drink or a local beer!
2	The Marquee is pretty average and what you'd expect for more of an old school, punk rock show. The sloped floor helps short people see better. Acoustics are poor as well as the ventilation in the place. Even on a cool fall evening, it became stifling. There's an outdoor area which would be nice if there weren't about a hundred people smoking outside. Yes, beer's expensive and security, though they didn't bother me much were a little overzealous. Bring cash with you because that's easiest and there was a fee for parking and re-entry is not permitted. Was not pleased with multiple surcharges for tickets.
1	I have seen several shows here, and despite the over priced and weak drinks, nightmare security, and disgusting bathrooms, I come back because I like music and apparently no one bothers to check how bad a venues reviews are before deciding to play there. That being said, I attempted to attend a show there recently. My friend, that has a brain injury, was confused by security telling her she couldn't have gum. And a pen. GUM! I'm well aware of this anti-gum stance they have, but she was not. When she questioned the OVERLY THOROUGH security "lady", she was denied entry, security claiming she was intoxicated. So, next day, I call to speak to the General Manager, Donnie Johnson. This man is horrendous. I was spoken to very condescendingly, and in a manner that gave me the impression he flat didn't believe me or CARE at all. When my friend called him, he literally shouted at her, told her it was her fault for not informing them in advance that she had a condition like that and that the marquee "doesn't employ doctors as security". Then, he gave her "to the count of three" to tell him what she wanted. She's not THREE YEARS OLD! When she didn't answer him quickly enough, he hung up on her. Great customer service here. I'll never go back. I have a lot of free time. I'll be voicing my opinion all over the internet.
5	I actually really like the divey feel of the Marquee...  Yes, it is big enough that they can get some really awesome acts yet small enough that it still feels personal.  Honestly the best part of the Marquee are the bands that come through... top notch
1	I know everybody hates the Marquee, so it would seem a bit redundant to write a review on this hell hole.  But with its approaching the very highest echelon of suckiness, I think it warrants further comment.Before last May, I hadn't been to the Marquee since 2010.  Back then, I just noted that it was drab and soulless, but a venue being nothing more than a large concrete cellar is not enough to warrant consideration for such a title as worst concert venue in America.Let's count the ways in which The Marquee Theater sucks.First, and this probably seems like a small gripe compared to some of the major problems with this place, you might have to pay $7 for parking.  I know a lot of venues charge $4-$5 for parking, but $7 is pretty steep.Second, they obviously don't know how to run a will call line.  Someone else has already mentioned an hour-and-a-half wait for will call for Trampled By Turtles.  I was in the same line - OK, I know they're unexpectedly mainstream considering the fact that they're a progressive bluegrass band from Duluth, but still, they're a progressive bluegrass band from Duluth.  That's not exactly a recipe for a long line.  The Marquee created that by having will call and sales IN THE SAME LINE.  Way to treat your customers who have already paid, you douchebags.  I attended about 35 concerts in 2012, some of which are more popular bands, and similarly sized venues.  I didn't wait longer than 10 or 15 minutes to get into any of them.If you manage to make it through the combined sales and will call line without going postal on the venue staff, then you get to be patted down by security!  I understand going through this procedure to get into a hip hop show.  But when is the last time a gang fight broke out at a Trampled By Turtles show?  Again, this is something unique to The Marquee - last year I attended shows at The Crescent Ballroom, Rhythm Room, El Rey, House of Blues LA, Royce Hall at UCLA, The Great American Music Hall, The Independent, Mesa Arts Center, The Neptune, Benaroya Hall, The Bowery Ballroom, and more - and at exactly zero of those venues was I patted down.  Music festivals?  Not patted down.  Bluegrass show at Marquee Theater?  Prepare to be violated.  This is not about safety, it's about stupidity.Finally, the most egregious deficiency this place has is the crappy sound.  I noticed this when I saw Of Monsters And Men last May.  Over by the side wall it sounded like a mess.  I kinda wanted to hear the band, so I went and stood directly in front of the sound board.  It sounded OK.  So, this is how it works: directly in front of the sound board, you can at least hear what they're playing.  Anywhere else, it sounds like you're listening to someone's audience recording over the loudspeakers.  At Trampled By Turtles, I stood near the sound board, and it took me a good 30 seconds to identify the first song (it turns out that it was one I had heard a good three dozen times before).  How hard is it to mix five acoustic instruments?  Either the acoustics here suck, they don't want to pay for a decent sound guy, or maybe both.  If you run a live music venue, your most important job is to make it sound good.  The Marquee is like going to a movie theater where they sit everybody down in front of a 1985 Sanyo CRT television.I have attended concerts in Phoenix, Tucson, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Boulder, Telluride, Seattle, and New York, and I think now it is safe to say that this might be the very worst mid-sized concert venue in America.  Even the corporate Comerica Theater is better.  Theodore H., who is probably invested with this venue, says these complaints are all "standard stuff."  Again, I have been to venues across the United States, and this is all unique to The Marquee.  At this point, I think I can recommend staying away from here, even if one of your favorite bands is playing here.  Because it will just make you sad that you didn't really enjoy seeing one of your favorite bands.
3	Went to a show on Jan 19th. The will call line and the regular ticket sales line were one in the same. We waited 55 minutes to get in even though our tickets were in will call. We caught the last half of the last song of HoneyHoney. At least we didn't miss the headliner, but there was a good 45 minutes worth of line behind us, so certainly someone did.Here are some good ideas when planning a trip to the Marquee;- Don't be spontaneous.- Purchase your tickets in advance - online or during box office hours at the window right at the Marquee.- Don't bother trying to print out your tickets online, you can't.- Make sure you physically pick up your tickets from the ticket window - hours, if not days, before the show starts. This will allow you to walk right up to the security line. Yes, they will pat you down. But, you won't be waiting for your pat down for an hour! Woo!Also, if it's possible, ride the Orbit (drops off right in front of the venue) or take the light rail and walk across the bridge or have someone drop you off or pick you up. Hey, Marquee! Here's the thing to take from this review if anyone there reads this stuff; get a will call line or more windows!! Get those drinkers in your venue earlier, they'll spend more money!
4	Great shows and stiff drinks.  What more could you ask for in a concert venue?
1	Sam A you have painted a pretty good picture of why I will probably not go back.  Let me add to your review.  Let's see 93 degrees outside at 7pm and 100 inside from the opener til we left on May 5th. Seriously run the AC you're so cheap.  Next the sound, two towers of speakers way too loud for the concrete bomb shelter that is the marquee. Seriously add some noise dampening and don't blast the music.  Loud music just sounds more muddy with this crappy setup.  Next the fiberglass insulation falling apart in the ceiling, probably breathing it in during the show. Or probably not since the air wasn't blowing. Hustling bathroom attendant, really?   Re-emphasizing the expensive beer, seriously 6 for bud light and 7 for kiltlifter, its cheaper in Scottsdale.  Security is higher than any venue I have been to in phoenix, what gives?  pat down, id scan 4 tempe cops wasting taxpayers money and time hanging around doing nothing.   What a dump, bands if you ever read this do not play here. There are plenty of other good places to play.  Crescent, Mesa arts, Mesa amphitheatre, sail inn, or orpheum. This is approaching clubhouse bad and not far off it.
3	Man this place is hammered with a lot of mixed reviews! I have been going to this Venue for years now, so I may have a biased opinion because I know what to expect. Its not a venue for Celine Deon, Adele or Brittany Spears, its more local bands, rock music, alternative.... it draws in different kinds of music and a different kind of crowd. So when people are complaining about how its dirty, the bathrooms are disgusting, its small, its just a concrete slab...... yes, yes it is...... but your there for the music right? Your not there to hang out in the bathrooms all night are you? I have been to nice bars with worse bathrooms; I have also been to worse and dirtier venues. Everyone complains about the rules and regulations about this venue also (some other venues don't have the same restrictions) but honestly its all for your safety and something has happened in the past which is the reason they probably enforce the rules so much.Marquee is older and small, it definitely could use a remodel. Will call and the ticket line definitely need a lot of work. They need to open the windows sooner, or add a few more windows, so people waiting in line don't miss any of the show. The drinks at the bar you should expect to be expensive, just as if you were going to the ball park for a baseball game. The staff is friendly enough, for most of them are there to make sure no one gets hurt, this place can get a little rowdy.In the end it's not the best venue, but for a concert hall, I like the atmosphere it puts you in! The stage is small, but the artists are still able to put on a good show. I've seen big names like The Used, Unwritten Law, Skip the Foreplay, Falling in Reverse at this venue. Along with local bands like Bent Self, Anomaly, Arvins Garden.... all great shows! Smoosh together, rock out and have a great time!
3	Man... really rough reviews from most. As I always say, what do you expect? Lets delve into the Marquee..~What To Do~You listen to a boatload of music, from primarily indy acts of numerous genres.~The Good~There is some good, like the fact that its relatively cheap to see some acts that in other states would cost an arm and a leg to see... I got to see Ben Folds up close for around $20...that would've been around 2-3 times that in other places. Its a good location for a band like Ben, not too loud, something a bit less acid rock or death metal. The sounds from the band were pretty on, considering what I was expecting. For this reason, this location fills my need for a low cost venue to see my niche bands. ~The Bad~I HATE STANDING FOR 3 HOURS. I am sorry, but I hate standing. Its not fun. My legs killed me, and that pisses me off. Besides the legs, there are a bevvy of bad things, like waiting in line. I happened to be waiting in line as a Haboob approached... They had the common sense to let us go inside as the Haboob came, but they took too long reacting to get people through security and it enveloped some of the late comers. So thank God for being early. Still, the lines are unnecessarily long, and it makes no sense when they want us to drink...why we are waiting outside. The service was OK, I think the bouncers get more intense depending on the group playing. Please do not tell me that the types of crowds that come in do not vary depending on the genre...of course they do. It was way too hot in the main area, too many bodies pumping in oxygen...seriously where is the AC, no kidding. Drinks were too much, I expected that, but they have no selection, it really didn't make sense to buy a beer for that much when there is no selection. Also, unless you are blind, you can tell ahead of time that given the structure of the inside of the place, it will have bad acoustics for loud metal bands... its a small venue, what do you expect?~The Down Low~A lot of things would need to change to make this venue any better than a general 2 star higher end dive for acts. They deserve 2 stars for booking some talented bands and for low cost general admission, but they get 3 for making my dream come true of seeing Ben Folds in the flesh. But still, way too many issues for me to go back to here on a consistent basis. A majority of the acts are simply not my cup of tea.....ever. Also, people who come here seem to be super stupid. They get here late, and are upset when they have to wait in an endless line to get in. Punctuation, my friends...be punctual and early and it will make you a better person, let alone on time always. And stop being a crazy wild drunk who deserves to get hassled by the bouncers. OK, I have said my piece.
3	It was a bad experience with this place before I even got to the venue. I had bought tickets for Green Day the first time they were set to play in December. They canceled, and Luckyman (the ticket provider for Marquee), gave no hint of rescheduling or suggesting we hang on to our tickets. I thought I would lose my money if I didn't refund, so I got a refund. Three months later Green Day reschedules, and we're told that if we didn't refund our tickets, they would be good at the new show. Yeah, I had a tiny fit about that. However I did get a new ticket, but a little more consideration towards customers would be nice.The night of the concert, I expected the line to get in to be long, and it was. However, there is no way it had to take 2 hours to get inside. I found out why when we finally reached the door. One table, in 4 sections (A-E, F-L, etc), and security desperately trying to wrangle hundreds of people to the correct line. Right in front of the entrance. So, my being a C last name, after I got my ticket I had to fight my way through 3 other lines to get inside the venue. Definitely could organize that a little better. A big name concert is no excuse.Now there are good things to say. The venue itself is good. I liked the set up. It's bigger than you think, and there are no bad places to stand (side note- be prepared to stand. No seating at all). You will get a decent view of the stage. We stood by the control booth, and since it slopes down to the stage that was the best place for my short self to be. Their security was impressive too. I was rammed into by one very intoxicated person, and it was very obvious he could barely stand up. Within a minute security was there and taking him out. Good on you, Marquee. Once inside, the Marquee is a good place to see a show. It's also right off the light rail, so that is nice and convenient. They charge $7 for parking, so if you can light rail it do so. $4 for light rail and it supports Metro. Just beware what you could encounter leading up to showtime!
2	The only thing Marquee has going for it is size. Otherwise, it's overpriced, it has a shittier sound system than Yucca Tap Room (and that's saying something) and the staff are mostly a bunch of jerks. I'll give you an example: Standing in line, I hand my ID to the nice young lady, who takes five minutes to stare at my photo. Because my ID is old, I explain that I've gotten a haircut and she snaps at me, saying, "I'm not fucking stupid." Really, princess? Coulda fooled me.Security is incredibly overdone, but I guess that's because they attract the sorts of audiences that would want to bomb them. No where else in Phoenix (that I know of, not even the Comerica Theater or Chase Field) make you remove your shoes at the door. You're not stopping shit, you guys. My friend still snuck his weed inside (oops!) and I've gotten drugs in plenty of times. Also, stealing my pens so I don't vandalize the place is retarded. I'm a writer and need to review shows sometimes.The security guards themselves are pretty decent, however. They don't seem like they have an easy job and it certainly isn't an environment I'd want to work in.
2	Woah! Go to the bathroom ahead of time! I was shocked at how dirty this place was. There was a huge hole in the ground and fences up to protect people but really for the price I paid for the ticket it should be a better venue.
3	All things considered, it's not a bad venue to watch a show.The pros:The sound is pretty good, wherever you happen to be standing. The visibility is also good even all the way in the back, unless you happen to be standing behind "Filming this with my iPhone" guy. I've been to some more violent shows here as well, and the security people do a pretty good job making sure nothing gets out of hand. The restrooms are clean and well-stocked, which is due in part to the attendant. He is basically watching to make sure no one destroys the bathroom or tries to light up in there, etc. One other thing: Luckyman is the ticket provider. Even though they still have a bunch of annoying fees, you can feel good knowing you did your part to stick it to Ticketmaster, which is one of the world's most evil companies.The cons:It's always too hot in there, which I think they do on purpose so people will buy water bottles. They also will tell you you can't bring various things inside that wouldn't even occur to you. As others have mentioned, bring your ID, your ticket, and some cash. Otherwise, you might be throwing away what you brought, or running back to your car.
1	This is my least favorite venue in Arizona. The security people are terrible, I've NEVER had to deal with that at any venue before. They make you take your shoes off, you can't bring in a backpack (even if it's tiny) but girls can bring in HUGE purses full of crap. They "confiscate" pocket knives, sharp objects, pens, pill boxes, and... get this... Caribeaners. I have a caribeaner to keep my keys together, it's literally an inch long. Apparently this is the only place in phoenix where every concert goer is a potential ex-con, because that's definitely how we're treated.Maybe for the hipster concerts with the indie stoner crowd, they could tune down the security compared to say, I dunno, some scary ass metal band. Apparently, I could use that as brass knuckles during a concert and knock a person out. Their sodas are $4 and are served from a 2 liter bottle in a red solo cup with barely any ice. Their "drinking wristband" system is crap, because its right after the strip search line and it gets congested as hell.Bathrooms are ALWAYS dirty, every single time. Half of the locks dont work. There's gum in the water fountain.Its just a complete shitshow of management, but the bands still come here. Seriously, everyone. Go to crescent ballroom, you'll have a much better time. Rhythem room, even... Just play the CD in your car. It will be a better experience.
1	I would give this zero stars if I could. I have been to about 20 shows at the Marquee over the past 6 years (never again), including working the Merch table at show. This is THE WORST venue I have ever been to! I can't express how much I hate the Marquee! Let me count the ways:1) Almost every time I've been, they have lost a ticket of mine at will call, or misplaced it, or don't have record saying I bought it. I have gotten so used to this that I bring a recite every time, and every time they just look bewildered and confused. Their will call/ticket sale line is so unorganized. And trust me, if there's a problem, it's always YOUR fault, not theirs. 2) Security to get in is a little bit of a pain. You have to take off your shoes and usually give away everything you own, or make the long walk back to the car to put it away. Thing I've had taken away: gum, carabiner, small hair brush, tiny nail clippers, bag of pretzels, pens). It's just overkill. And the security are a bunch of ASSHOLES. I got knocked over during a show once, and I made eye contact with one of the big apes and he did nothing to help me up. He didn't even move. They are angry and mean. 3) It's outrageously expensive to do anything there. Tickets come with the worst fees. It's now $7 for parking! (It used to be $5). Sodas, beers, drinks, and even water bottles are all overpriced. 4) Most importantly, their sound is HORRIBLE! Jesus Christ, you're a Goddamn LIVE music venue for crying out loud! The audience should be able to hear the band they actually came to see! They are spending all the money on "renovations" when they should be fixing their sound problem. Don't waste your money going to the Marquee. Now that venues like Crescent Ballroom exist, just wait for a good show there. The Marquee is a waste of money and only leaves you feeling angry and bummed out.
1	Horrible venue, workers have terrible attitudes, they pat you down and take random belongings like you're automatically a criminal for going to a show.  Over-priced for sure.  I will have to really really want to see a band before I buy more tickets for this place.
3	Saw Phoenix in Phoenix on my bday at the Marquee. Thomas Mars interacted with the crowd tons. He stage dived a couple of times and he was constantly in the midst of the crowd serenading us.  This guy loves and appreciates his fans. After watching them at Coachella on utube collaborating with RKelly. I'm glad I saw their show here as this was a great place for the band to get intimate with fans. Although seeing a Phoenix collaboration with R Kelly live would have been pretty rad.Phoenix's seizure inducing light show was awesome in the small space. Really helped you get a feel for the music more. The band had a projection of a French style room as a backdrop and it helped  transport you from the drab surroundings of the marquee via your imagination into a fancy French ballroom. Their show was from 9-11 but we arrived at 6:30 because doors opened at 6 and you HAVE to show up at the venue to pick up your ticket. The main parking lot was full by the time we arrived and had to park in overflow across the street in a huge complex.  On yelp the pictures show long lines of people waiting to get tickets and not getting into the show until midway through the main performance. I think creating this mess is advantageous to the venue because that encourages people to come early and lounge about and pay for items from the concessions while they wait. You can do a lot of damage to your pocket book fighting boredom for 3 hours waiting for a concert to begin. So pick your evil come early and spend money on drinks or come a bit before the show and wait in line...although I'd have to say our show was sold out and it didn't seem like people were having any problems getting in on time. Don't pack any gum. They will make you give up your pack at the door as inside the floor is covered in gum and it looks gross and probably hard to remove. If you are chewing gum already they wont make you spit it out. No carabiners for your keys, you'll have to give that up too. Saw a tin bucket full of gum and carabiners at the door.Great, intimate old school, divey venue.
4	I can only speak about my experience here which was good.   I won tickets from a local radio station to see Prince.  After reading the reviews on here if it would have been a lesser artist the reviews may have scared me away, but its not everyday you get to see someone of Prince's stature, especially in a smaller venue.  My sole complaint and the reason for four stars instead of five, was the parking.  While the venue is close to Mill Street it is not THAT close and is kind of out in the open away from everything, so I see no need to charge for parking.  Let alone $7.  We got our tickets no problem.  Got in to the venue no problem and all they searched was my girlfriend's purse.  We got to keep our shoes on and everything.  We got our over 21 wrist bands no problem as well (I do see how it could be a problem if a line formed there since the gate and the line for over 21 are so close).  Went in and got a beer, which was cold and affordable, not affordable in the traditional sense, but in the concert venue sense and paid with a debit card no problem.  Stepped outside for a smoke prior to the show.  Nice open area to smoke with plenty of room.  Sound system was good for the show (if its good enough for Prince, its good enough for me).  There is not a bad place to stand in the place and I still felt I had my personal space too which is perfect.  Overall a great concert experience.  I think you just have to take in to account who you are seeing and factor in it is in a college town, which with the right artist could make for a pretty drunk and disorderly crowd.  I would definitely come here again, but I doubt I would come for younger hip hop or rock acts, nothing against younger acts I like them too, with a younger following and avoid the strip search, etc. that others explained.  Quick tip, on a side note.  I overheard some ladies next to me ask the bartender for some wine and they do not carry wine.  Just thought I'd give the wine drinkers a heads up.
4	Great place to see a concert.  Excellent acoustics, drinks are reasonably priced (compared to some places lol), and many quality Bands come here to play.  Others have griped about the security here, but I've had no bad experiences with them.  Bathrooms are kind of small, and not that many parking spaces, but you can park across the street in the parking ramp.  Overall, a quality venue.
3	I have not been to many concert venues so I don't have too many places to compare it to. I saw The Dirty Heads and Matisyahu there and was very pleased with how intimate the show was, it was so up close and personal. I was not pleased that there was really not anywhere to wait out front that was out of the sun, that is kind of a big deal here in AZ. There was no where to get water if needed, again it's AZ, kind of a big deal. I was not happy with the security, they were incredibly rude to everyone both while we were being checked at the door and again while inside. The restrooms were gross and poorly stocked! All in all, had a great time at the show and felt the price fit the venue
4	It's a concert venue, so I don't really know what some people might expect out of it. I don't expect it to be super clean or super comfortable, but it's never bothered me. so it's certainly passable in those regards. The upside is they seem to always get great shows booked here. The place is big enough to have fun shows with, but small enough to be more intimate and exciting than 'arena style' concerts (no seating here). Drinks at the bar are reasonably priced and most the staff I encounter are usually friendly and efficient at their jobs.Downside is you almost always have to park across the street (for $7), oh well. The place can get HOT. especially if it's a packed house; naturally, its even worse in the summer.
5	If there is a better place to see a concert in Phoenix that compares to this place, I have yet to find it. This is an intimate concert venue where you can see the artist from wherever you are standing.  The prices for this venue are also great, not overpriced like the big venues i.e. us airways center and jobing.  This place is general admission which means you do not get assigned seats.  But you do get the best concert and music experience of any musician that performs here.
2	I enjoyed the bands playing but the Marquee is ridiculous.  Seriously...they made me throw away writing instruments because as they stated they don't want people writing on the walls. I know I look young but young enought to look like I'm going to write on the walls?  Basically security seems to just be a clique...I didn't really see them doing anything besides wandering around in a pack talking to each other. They also had a random "bathroom attendant" not sure what her function was but basically she was just sitting in there taking up one of the sinks by having paper towels in the sink. I didn't understand why she was there, they have the super cool dyson hand dryers and the girl wasn't offering the paper towels to the people waiting to dry their hands, so she seemed pointless.The show started earlier then we realized (I'm not sure if this was our fault or if the Marquee just changed the times the day of) so we missed the first band, which was one of the reasons we had bought the tickets. I'm also not sure if this is a Marquee thing or how the Summerland Tour is run but the first 3 acts each only played like 30 minute sets.  They all at one point have been extremely famous, so I found that odd.I'm sure I'll wind up at the Marquee again in the future, due to not being able to see the band anywhere else but frankly, if I could avoid them, I would.
5	I personally love the Marquee. I have always had a good time coming to see shows here. It's close, there's parking, and shows are always cheap. I think maybe I like it so much because it reminds me of the place I went to see most of my shows in Cincinnati when I was in high school (Bogarts). You typically will be paying anywhere from 15-30 bucks for a ticket (for really good bands) and you can push your way all the way up to the front (or chill in the back if that's your thing). There are two bars, one right when you walk in and one the the left of the stage (if you're facing it). I like that everyones paying the same and you get pretty much the exact same experience of the show no matter where you're standing. It's the perfect sized venue. Don't go here expecting it to be some clean place cause that's just not the kinda place it is. It's divey, and you're gonna have to take off your shoes and boots and open up your gum packages before you get in. There's usually some sketchy shit going down in the bathroom, but that's just the name of the game at a concert venue. There's also a huge smoking section/patio/outdoor section when it gets too hot inside or in between bands and they will open up an outdoor bar out there depending on how big the show is/the weather. I hope Minus the Bear continues to come here forever.  If you don't like hipsters or college kids just spare yourself and everyone else the complaining and leave it for the rest of us.
4	I guess I should only review the venue and not the bands they are booking, BUT the bands they are booking are a great part of the pleasure I get out of this establishment./Atmosphere & CrowdI go here for the metalhead kind of concerts, so the crowd is what it is. The male to female ratio is sad and discouraging, but then again keep focus on why you are here.. it aint no nightclub brother. The crowd is nice, but atmosphere is stand-off-ish. /Bar & SoundThe bar is the bare minimum, and that is enough. Prices could be cheaper, but they rake in money here I am sure. The sound isn't the best, but when I read a lot of complaints regarding the sound - I must state that I have been to way worse venues with way shittier sound. This isn't bad.. /Bands & PriceFor the price that you pay for the ticket, you can see some pretty cool bands. The one thing I think is a complete rip-off is the 'service fee' of $7 per ticket. That's just a racket and is shameful. Just add that to the ticket price, because that's what it is. We all know it. Overall value:I go here. I won't polish this turd, but then again if you go see the bands I go see.. this venue fits its purpose and fills its expectations. I have gone here several times, and I will keep going as long as they book bands that play my music. (And yes, they still have $7 parking - which is excessive.).. und das ist nach der metalkopf kritiker
2	Drove up from Tucson to catch The Airborne Toxic Event last week. ATE kicked ass, Marquee, not so much. Overpriced, piss warm brews and sound work could have been better. Would I make the trip again to see another kick ass band? Yup, but this place could really be bad ass with a little attention to detail.
1	Fine layout, not ridiculously priced drinks or tickets...Never ever returning.  The sound staff were terrible, and the distortion and feedback made the band have to stop the show multiple times.  It got so bad 3 or 4 people went up to the mixer and asked him to fix it, as did the band.  The mixer slightly adjusted things, but it was still pretty bad (could barely hear the singer).The guy at the sound controls even said "I'm not the sound guy" despite sitting at all the equipment and having adjusted it.  Left early, and saw a guy complaining to the manager about the sound and he just said "I know its shit" on my way out.Really a shame because this venue could be amazing.1 Star for having decent beer on tap.
1	Terrible sound. Terrible lighting. Screens cut out half way through the encore but that really didn't bother me bc it was bad quality anyway.Good job on making a Yeah Yeah Yeahs show suck.
2	Wait. You cannot be serious. I have to take off my shoes? Really? Why? Oh for fucks sake. Are you idiots in the concert venue business or in the completely incompetent, we aim to make this process as stupid as humanly conceivable area of commerce? Does Yelp have a category for that (Government and Public Services)?Pros: None. Cons:The Marquee is unimaginably dirty. The Marquee performs an unconscionably intrusive "security" screening process -- apparently for no real reason at all. (I wore flip-flops to defeat it.)The Marquee just plain stinks. Sound = terrible. Staff = horrible. Parking = criminal. The Marquee is quite possibly the worst venue in the entire Southwest U.S..You just might be angry that the artist you are yearning -- oh, the yearn -- to hear perform live, is scheduled to appear at this shitshow. Come prepared with unbelievably low expectations, and, you might just enjoy yourself.The Marquee illustrates, quite clearly in fact, that the terrorists have won. Those. Fucking. Terrorists. - E
4	Although I am a diehard Local Natives fan, I was hesitant about buying tickets to see them at the Marquee after reading all the negative reviews. I expected much worse as I've been to venues that are pretty horrible in terms of staff and atmosphere. I got there about 2 hours before the show started to avoid the lines at the box office. The process was a breeze if you just have ID and a receipt with your ticket. The pat-down was definitely awkward since that has never happened to me at any venue. Nevertheless, I didn't have any problems with the staff; they seemed nice enough. Sound quality wasn't great but it would take something pretty drastic to make Local Natives sound bad. Not sure why they have screens though; their quality is worse than TV's from the '80s. Might as well just watch the actual concert. It's definitely dirty after the concert as many concert-goers seem to think that it's acceptable to throw cups and other trash on the ground. Not super well air-conditioned but I definitely wasn't close to dying from a heatstroke or anything. Booked tickets to see City and Colour in October. Hope that I don't have deal with any nightmares that others have experienced.
1	Honestly. I was disappointed with the ticket price. nd the security was rude and think  there badasses. Shows are good. It was okay. Wish there wasn't a fence in front of stage. Doesn't make it fun. Which sucks. Lame.
4	I have seen many many shows at this venue over the last 15 years. And always had issues with it. The staff were jerks, the room was too hot, bad sound, bathrooms were nasty. And just recently, they have made some huge changes!!  They've fixed pretty much everything I had issues with. I am so glad they've put money back into their building and made it a much better experience for their patrons!  If you hated it before, give it another chance. It's much better now!!
4	If your looking for a relaxing seat and calm place to chill this is not for you...(hence all you bad reviewers)This place is for the concert enthusiast! If you are wanting to see a favorite band there isn't a more intimate local venue!No seating(unless you want to sit outside on the patio and listen to music and not experience a live show!)What a great place! Ampatheater styler venue, anywhere you go you can see the stage and feel like your part of a private show. Definitely beats any large USaiways, Cricket Pavillion or large venue!Different strokes for different fokes! If your not going to see one of your favorite bands your in the wrong place at the wrong time!Thx Marquee, STP, Filter, and (a good friend Gabe) for a memorable time!
4	I was pretty apprehensive about going to this place after reading all the reviews. But boy did it make me feel prepared!I saw Jimmy eat World. Great concert!! Sucks to be short! LOLNot a huge wait at the will call window, security was a breeze, but was NOT asked to remove our shoes. As I said I was prepared! Cash, ID and lip balm was all I took in. My daughter took a small purse but was not hassled in the least. I cant review the bathroom as I never made it in there. The water was $3 bucks. Not bad...Place started out clean...Hate that tall people can never seem to care that the short folks can't see through them, forcing me to get pushy, as we had been standing in our spot for an hour before said tall peeps decided to push forward. Nothing too physical but no security swarmed us as i grabbed hair and elbow checked a few peeps. Nobody seemed to care when a very drunk girl just randomly fell into the crowd causing some concern for those around her...I am glad I read up on this place before hand because I was prepared for whatever came my way, but my experience was nothing like the other yelpers...
2	I've only been here one time. I'm an out of towner. I live in California and I go to a lot of concerts. The area where merch is sold is terrible. It is in a really cramped area. There is definitely not enough room in that part of the venue. I didn't use the restrooms at the venue, so I can't comment on those. The parking situation was good enough. No complaints there. I would have given this venue three stars, an average review, but I could not ignore the fact that the sound system was absolutely terrible! It was one of the worst sound systems I have heard, and like I said, I've been to a lot of concerts. I could not hear the singers for any of the four bands that played on the night I was there. Their voices got lost in the sound of all of the instruments.
5	People love to hate this venue. I love to love it. No, its not cool like some of the establishments in the Valley (the CB), but it consistently has great acts, it bears no pretension, and I've never had a bad time. I like that the floor is sticky, they attract seedy individuals, and brutal metal bands will play here.5 Stars.
3	It simply doesn't stand out. I've seen many shows at a variety of small venues and this one lacks character and the intense intimacy of a tiny venue and at the same time the comfort of a large venue. It seems to be between sizes. Although it has a relatively large outdoor patio for them smokers and a nice platform in the back of the venue in case you don't like to be a part of the waves and moshpits. I've seen Interpol, Innerpartysystem, and AFI here. All of the shows especially IPS were great sound quality/equipment wise. Like I said it doesn't stand out, there doesn't seem to be anything special about it like for example, The Warfield in San Fransisco (same size, it has the character of an opera house) or The Boardwalk in Sacramento (same size, it has the character of a sea side shack). Both of these venues have a certain vibe, style - character! Sadly, this venue does not.
5	My favorite place for a concert! The floor is supposed to be dirty and standing and getting squished is the best way to enjoy a rock concert! Tickets are always reasonably priced because it's all about the music, not about renovating the place to attract jerk spenders and pop stars! I have been to four concerts here, some at Cricket Pav, US airways, Jobing, Veterans Mem.. and Marquee is the funnest venue. I got my tix to see Arctic Monkeys again!
3	I've come here a bunch of times, for AFI four years ago, Tiger Army, AFI a week ago, and several other shows. The parking is not ideal, if you get their early you can snag a lot spot, but if the show has started you will probably end up in the parking garage across the street. If you are on any floor higher than the first floor you should probably plan to waste some time on Mill Ave. after the show, because it took us nearly an hour to get out of the garage from the fourth floor. Everyone in there leaves right after the show and acts like a jackass while doing so.The venue itself is nice, it has a sloped floor which allows you to see better than usual, and it holds a lot of people. The summer shows suck because their cooling is not the best, but when we saw AFI there last week we were towards the back in front of a big fan so we never got too hot. A lot of the shows sell out here, so be sure to pre-order tickets, the box office is open mon-fri and then before the show starts.  Drinks are expensive so waste some money on Mill before the show.
4	People seem to want to hate on this venue all the time. I've been going to The Marquee Theater for almost 10 years now, and I have never experienced any issues here. The acts that perform here range from local to bigger acts. Green Day did a club show out at The Marquee earlier in the year, (Phenomenal Show). Prices for tickets are typically fair to the acts. It's always cheapest to buy at the actual venue. It's only ticket price + 3 dollars. Online it's ticket price +8-12$. Now I have actually played The Marquee Theater tons and tons of times. People hate on security. But security is actually really friendly. They are only strict because the owner of Luckyman Productions does not want his venue to close down due to Alcohol Issues or because of violence. So it's a tighter ship in terms of security, but considering almost every small/mid sized venues are closed or are terrible, I'm okay with it. My biggest complaint, Parking is $7 now. I've been paying $5 since I was ever able to drive myself to shows. I know it's only 2 dollars, but I go to shows every 2 weeks here approximately. Whether I'm playing or seeing a band. I've always loved the venue. People really should stop hating on the venue so much, because if it ever closes down, we are going to have a lot of shows at a lot of worse venues.
4	just saw SOJA at the marquee on tuesday night. we came up from tucson for this concert. it was pretty easy to find, but once we got there, the parking situation was kind of a mess. when you enter, there's parking to the left but someone told us that you had to pay for the parking there. so we asked one of the lot attendants where we could park and they suggested a parking structure across the street. so we went on this quest to find parking. after failing at that, we came back and a different attendant told us to turn left out of the parking lot and there was parking on a lower level. we had to walk around near the river and up some stairs, but it was fine. i was glad to park out so far because there was no traffic when we left.the will call people were nice. my husband forgot his ID in the car (far, far away) and let me use my ID to get the tickets. then, when we entered my husband decided he needed his ID for a beer. even though signs said no re-entry: no exceptions, they made an exception for him! the marquee was big enough to have quite an audience for the show, but small enough to still feel intimate. the cover band came on and it was pretty hot in there with all the people standing around. they had some industrial fans set up and some air blowing through vents, but it wasn't until the main act came on that they put on the actual air conditioning. praise the lord, or they would have had people fainting! i know it's november, but it's still phoenix and it still got pretty warm in there!i love the parent company of the marquee, they have some great venues and bring in great talent to arizona. even though this was two hours away, it was worth the drive for us! can't wait to see more great shows in 2014 here!!
3	I used to come here back in the day and I remember it was a bit dirty and super hot. I came here last week again for a Cut Copy show and was amazed to see the renovations they had done- it doesn't even feel like the same place. The entrance is all glitzed up and they have air conditioning now- I was actually thinking I needed my jacket for a few minutes before the show started. It's nice not to sweat to death during/before a show. The super cool hipsters are great fun for people watching. I think I spent a good deal of my time there doing this. The door staff was friendly/chatty- apparently though you can't bring gum in. Had to toss my super shiny new pack of gum I just bought. They claim people were putting in their nice new floors.The bar staff was a bit less friendly. Not willing to chat or engage with anyone, even well before the show when it wasn't busy at all. Drinks were 6$ a pop for anything and everything on the bar. I asked if they had any specials, and they told me, 'Yah, 6$ pints." I said what about well drinks, and they said, "yah, 6$ well drinks." Ok, so I guess all drinks are 6$? The rum and cokes I was drinking were a bit weak for my taste. The sound is great in the venue and it's small enough to have an intimate feel to the show. Tickets were about 40$ after tax/fees which is too much. I guess that's the norm these days though...Parking- you can park right up in their lot (no idea of the price) or in the parking structure behind the venue- this is 7$. I looked for street parking for a bit, but was unable to find anything close by (it's pretty industrial out that way).
4	This venue is great example of a simple, slightly divey standing-room-only concert venue.  I've seen a few different shows here, and it seems to be well designed so even people closer to the back can see.  The sound quality is good, and they feature neat artists, like Lindsay Stirling and The Arctic Monkeys.The bathrooms hold up quite well to the crowds, the beer isn't too expensive, the lines run efficiently, and the garage across the street has plenty of parking if you arrive too late to grab a closer spot in the venue lot.  I've heard stories of crazy lines and no parking, but I've never experienced that here - on the other hand, I try to be a little early for concerts to avoid that kind of thing.Overall, a great venue.  If your band is playing here, check it out!
4	When I saw the reviews on here I Yelped (I apologize for the pun.) But here's the thing... the venue isn't that bad. It's actually WAY better than what people on here would have you believe.To be fair, perhaps the ownership has changed and I was aware of their security policies thanks to this website. Getting through security was exceedingly quick and I only stood in line for about 10-15 minutes total to get inside the venue. When I did get inside I found that there was a well-lit bar on the right and a fairly easily accessible area for buying band merchandise.The venue was clean, very clean. No sticky floors, no garbage in the main concert area.The prices were average for a venue of this kind (IE: You'd be completely out of your mind if you came here to drink.) but that's the thing about concert venues they charge an ass-load for drinks. This isn't new, and it's not just here. The only negative that anyone could really have about the space is that it's pretty much just a medium size concert hall and there is no built in seats. (Again, a concert hall usually doesn't have much in the way of seating.)I also heard that the acustics were bad, but again, about the same level of quality I'd expect from this kind of venue.Overall had a great time. Do not listen to the negative reviews. If you come here expecting your own personal butler, then you probably be disappointed.
3	I don't like to be a party popper but I am going to poop on this party so peoples know zis. My absolute least favorite venue in Phoenix is Marquee theater. Least favorite. From the moment you hear that a band you love is coming to Phoenix you get on your knees and pray that they're not playing marquee. *please be crescent. pleeeease be crescent.* and then you finish reading the email from stateside and the weeping commences. First comes the butt ripping for the tickets. Did I say ripping? I meant raping. They are not available at Zia or Stinkweeds. So then you have to buy them online. So then you have to pay the outrageous service fees they tack on. So then you have to take precious time out of your schedule to go down there to get the tickets before the night of the show. Or else you have to wait in an atrocious line to get your tickets before your show starts. All things stated, it ain't fun. Then you get to there the night of the show and be prepared to be all kinds of uncomfortable, kids. If you haven't picked up your tickets previously you have to stand in line and do that first. You will then have to form two separate lines, male and female. Then have your things rifled through. And finally have a full on pat down! And that's before you even get your ID checked. But on the bright side it's been a while since I've had to take off my shoes in the line during this process. (I'll add a star for that!) Once inside you'll pay way too much for a beverage. Then you'll see that marquee has kind of a cool unique standing room only layout, with the floor sloping toward the stage. The floors have recently been "redone"; which I take to mean painted. And the bathrooms can be tolerated with only minimal disgust, depending on the show.And while it's not the intimate venue I was  hoping for, I will try not to let my party pooping all over this place discourage you. The sound isn't terrible everywhere and the other show goers are going to be mildly obnoxious no matter where you go. So rock, roll, and bounce on, Phoenix. Looks like marquee ain't going nowhere.
3	This is a small venue good for bands that have a cult following rather than mainstream. I've been here to see bands like Citizen Cope and The Cramps (RIP Lux). I agree that it is a dive like experience and could be cleaner and more efficient in serving beer quickly. The sound quality varies from show to show and sometimes can be a bit much.
2	This place is a ripoff. Baseline price when you purchase a ticket is around $30. Okay, I can live with that. Then there's $15 in service fees, order fees, whatever bullshit name for extra fees. So $45 dollars to see a B-level band. No thanks!
4	Recently saw Stone Sour & Pop Evil at this venue and had a great time! Music sounded great and bartenders were fast & made the drinks great and prices not too expensive!! Cant wait to go back and see another show!
1	I've been to this venue several times because I travel and have quite a few friends who happen to be musicians. The security and staff are crazy, and if you look at them wrong, you'll get in trouble. They'll confiscate just about anything, unless it's cash. I have had more than one night ruined by this place, and usually end up leaving. The people that own this place need to get a grip, people come here to have fun and enjoy music. I've never had any problems at any other venues. I've had it, and I'll never go again. I'd rather just catch my favorite artists another time than spend my money at this terrible place. Save yourself some grief avoid Marquee Theater.
4	I saw Bone Thugs here a couple times. Always had a great time. No issues expect I wish they had more hip hop.
2	I want to put 2.5 stars.This place is not the best set up for concerts but it's doable if you love the band coming in.The 99.8% is hella grumpy. I just went to pick up my concert ticket and the will-call box chick looked like she was going to die if she smiled. She most def hates her life!!The parking lot guy  was a young blond - he maybe the only happy person that works there.The bartenders are always in a pissy mood and have no sense of  urgency  to make drinks.  The security staff are very trashy looking- worse then the most punk rock concert goer lol! They are all out of shape looking. And they are not too friendly either! Patio is not comfortable at all- shitty tables. Their phone etiquette is not pleasant . The only thing the place has going for them is the location & the theater it's self you can get a good view standing anywhere.If they could change their frown to upside down I think a lot more people would appreciate it more. Be humble & smile people!! Music is great!!
2	Some amazing bands comes to the Marquee, don't get me wrong, but the venue itself is another story. The tickets are WAY overpriced. Upon first glance, they seem affordable, but then there are almost $10 in fees...per ticket. And they're will call only. The remodeling is nice, much more open, but this place over serves to the extreme. If someone comes up stumbling drunk and asks for a couple more beers, they get then without question. The last two times I've been there, people have been carried out on stretchers covered in vomit. That's not counting the surrounding people that were by some chance still standing. But yet they made me throw out my gum at the door. Right.
2	I have to say this venue isnt the best I been to because of the security is terrible! They think so highly of themselves just because they have a shirt that says security on it. On the good side people come here since they do have alot of good artist and bands that come here. Overall its an okay place to see a show.
1	We went to the Grateful Dead tribute concert last night.  A miserable experience that started before we were even in the parking lot.  Beware of this venue.1) With a dozen cars in line to get into the parking lot, they waited for you to get all the way into the lot to tell you it's full, do a u-turn and go to the paid garage across the street.  C'mon guys, telling everybody in line before they entered the tiny parking lot would have shaved ten minutes off my experience.  $7 parking across the street.  Ouch.2) Physically frisked by hand before entering the building??  Patted down?  Use a wand, pls.  I don't like being felt up.  Also, they confiscated my fingernail clippers, because as the guy said... "they could be used as a weapon."  Huh??  That angered me.  3) Okay, $6 beers are the norm, but a simple tap Budweiser had some odd flavor left over from earlier kegs that left a lemon flavor with the beer...at least that was their explanation.  I was worried about being poisoned by soap or god knows what.  They replaced them on request.All in all, a very aggravating experience.  The band was so so.  We ended up leaving early.  No seating requiring standing only is not my cup of tea.
4	I've never heard anything positive about The Marquee. I've always heard that it was the worst place to see a show in the valley. It's because of this reason, I never went there to see any shows.Last night Ellie Goulding came to the valley for her first headlining show here. I immediately bought tickets knowing that I was going to be disappointed with the venue......I was wrong.I was actually very impressed with The Marquee. I didn't see what it looked like before their recent renovation, but it was very nice inside. Compared to other venues in the valley it is small. If you wanted to you could stand in the lobby and see the stage clearly. The restrooms were actually clean (men's restroom, I obviously didn't see the women's restroom), but it was a female performer so the female ratio was higher that night.I also had heard that the security there was the worst; that they would throw you out if you looked at them wrong. Again, it may have been the softer crowd of Ellie Goulding fans, but I didn't get that impression from the security. They were actually nonexistent where we were.I was also very impressed with the sound. For brick walls and a concrete floor, the acoustics in the venue are really clear. I had ear plugs in for the show and I could hear Ellie's great voice perfectly!I think that the people who complain about The Marquee should be complaining about the crowd and not the venue. I've attended concerts in other cities with other crowds and by far Phoenix has the worst crowds! They are rude and obnoxious. Case in point, we had just settled behind the sound equipment because my wife is short and there was no one in front of her, she could see the stage perfectly, and she was super excited to see Ellie. Right after Ellie took the stage the sound guy had some 10 year old and her mom come into the sound area and had that 10 year old stand up on a riser right in front of my wife! Needless to say we were pissed! Wonderful considerate Phoenix crowd. If I was security at The Marquee I would be mean too if I had to crowd control the bastards who are the Phoenix fans.Parking tip... there is a parking garage on the other side of Washington. It's $7 to park, but a very short walk across the street to the venue. The parking attendants were very nice. We got out very easily after the show too. Not too bad for a sell out!
2	I attend a lot of concerts and I think I can safely say this is the last one I'm going to attend at The Marquee.  The acoustics are not wonderful but are acceptable.  My main problem is that the slope of the floor from the stage to the back is small enough that I cannot see behind the throng of people watching the show through their phones (WHY!?!?!).  They used to do a VIP area which was a nice option but I haven't seen it for several shows.  Drinks are overpriced but that's to be expected.  I like the intimacy of it but don't really want to spend another concert trying to see around peoples' phones.
2	Came for Ellie Goulding- the show was totally fun, but I'm totally annoyed at drink prices. I paid almost 30 $ for three shots of fireball. COME ON. ....and then for some odd reason I felt the need to tip the bartender who pretty much ignored us and acted like it was a burden to pour the shots. Also, they came in tiny thimble sized plastic containers..yah, it was the correct pour, but looked cheap. For what I paid I want that stuff in their finest crystal.
1	Do not go to this venue. I'm telling you. I repeat...do not go to this venue.I've been here periodically. I like music. I like shows. I like seeing the bands I enjoy listening to at home.What I don't like is grumpy girls elbowing me and security guards asking me to leave the audience to discuss the situation.Yes, I was asked to leave the audience to discuss my apparently hostile situation. What was my hostile situation? Well...trying to move to the front of the audience. Is this some sort of new situation? I don't think so. And this girl was mean. And I'm telling you, mean. I even tried to ask her to just scootch aside so we could both be up front, but apparently she had a Marquee Posse. All I can say is screw you Marquee. I know I'm not a regular. I know I don't attend regularly. But I also am not a jerk. I simply wanted to watch Chromeo. I love Chromeo. I saw them a couple years ago in California and was looking forward to seeing them in Arizona, but apparently Arizona has favoritism. Screw that and screw you, Marquee. I will personally write Chromeo a grievance letter. I don't expect that I'll get any resolution, but screw your behavior. For as long as I will live in Arizona, which has been the entirety of my life and now forward, I will speak disdain. Screw you.
2	I've been coming to this venue for years. I've seen it go through numerous changes and I have to say, it seems to have Improved over the years. I think they finally have sufficient AC running through this place. It used to be you'd almost die in the audience because it was so hot. They had giant fans to cool the place but they didn't do the job. Glad they finally fixed that issue. Couple of complaints with this place; bartenders are not friendly. I'm talking about the bartenders in front house upon entrance. Mostly talking the female bartenders I encountered. Also, their security staff is verbally abusive and downright misogynstic. I was called an asshole by one of the men in the security staff who was short, bald, and white. Sort of looks like he just got out of prison. I plan to call and complain. He also said some other choice words that I don't wish to share, all because we were having fun and waiting for a band to exit so we could meet them. Apparently they get very annoyed when you do this. 2 stars because I've been to some great shows here. Obviously they could use some work on their staff though.
3	Decent venue.  They are tight on security which is a good thing.  Tons of booze but wish they had food lol.  Phantogram rocked the house here!  I'd go back for another concert if I'm ever in town but $7 for parking...ugh.  Not happy about that.
1	A girl passed out while everyone waited in the heat to get in. Security didn't even acknowledge the situation. They stood at a distance and chatted amongst themselves as an ambulance took her away.There was no AC. It was hell.Don't go here.
2	I've been to the several shows at the Marquee. The majority of the staff are fine. I even pity those who have to pick up the ridiculous amount of trash in and around the venue after the show. Not too many complaints about the actual shows. The sound quality is good enough and the AC seems to be fully functional, hence the two stars. Last night, I witnessed some despicable behavior displayed by some members of the security team towards fans waiting harmlessly outside the venue to meet the band. Since I've been here before, I know that the security typically creates ridiculous lies to deter fans from waiting...obviously because they want to leave work early. Instead of respectfully asking fans to leave, the security threatened to call the cops...seriously? I also heard from others about the misogynist,  inappropriate comments yelled at them. Hopefully, the Marquee considers hiring staff who can at least communicate and act in a more respectable manner. Pretty sure at least half of the security team is composed of ex-convicts. It's truly a shame that many of my favorite artists play here. Maybe I'll have to reconsider returning?
2	I wanted to give this place the benefit of the doubt; the staff seemed nice and reasonable enough when I saw The Wild Nothing & Local Natives in September of 2013 as well as The Paper Kites & City and Colour a month later.To be fair, many of the staff members are quite nice and respectful. The actual building itself is decent too. I've never encountered any issues with parking, the box office or the people that pat you down (albeit it is awkward); however, upon observing a number of the security guys' behavior last night for Bastille, I cannot possibly give the a decent rating. It's OK if the venue has a stupid policy that doesn't allow patrons to wait to meet their favorite artists and bands, but at least reasonably explicate the intent of this policy rather than threaten teenaged girls (them fangirls are innocuous!) with police. Also, never knew it was professional for security staff to be smoking cigs while on the job. Unfortunately, a lot of my favorite artists play at The Marquee, so I'll just have to begrudgingly tolerate it.
1	What a waste of time and money. I probably won't be back here simply based on the treatment the "management" treated my driver. I use the same car service and normally get the same driver and he knows the area and always treats us well.So this weekend my girl and I are picked up and brought to the Marquee and dropped off upfront when some fat slob who looked like he just got out of Chino coming running out telling him he can't be there and on and on. I had to laugh when my driver pretty much told him off and made him fell like a total douche bag, so he got a $20 for making my night in that regard. Just to make sure the staff got their panties in a total twist, I had my driver pick me up from the front. It was priceless. Thought the guy was going to have a heart attack. However, we won't be back. Service sucked, their staff is rude, and the place is a dive. Thought we were in Tempe not south Phoenix... Its really sad too. They seem to book great shows. They just need to get their staff in order.
5	I go to shows here just about every month. I've seen so many bands here that I can recognize some of the security depending on the rotation. Some of the other reviewers are saying that the music is too loud, or that people are on their phones, or that it's too hot. That's part of the fun in going to a show, people will have their phones up, can you blame them? You're probably on your phone too; don't be a hypocrite. There aren't any seats, and if you go to see a popular act, have fun with it. Sway with the crowd and don't bitch about it being hot, what else is going to happen if you pack 2500 people into a small space.As for the security, they have a policy. "Don't disturb the artist under any circumstances" some of the reviewers were at the Bastille concert on 4/20/14 and apparently got harassed by security. After the show, the TM of Bastille told the security team that nobody from the band was doing any meeting of anyone. I've been to other shows with the same. The difference? People, myself included, started lining up for Bastille over five hours before doors, so staff had to come in early and babysit a bunch of kids. As for the girl who passed out, she was in her car without the AC on. Not the security team's fault. They did what they had to, and continued setting up the show.Just treat the staff like people, most of them have been there for a long time. If you want to have a good show, don't act entitled to anything. If something doesn't go your way take it in stride and have a good show.I love the Marquee, despite the renovations, I've seen many great acts, and plan on seeing more. Luckyman does a great job with the place for the most part, and I can't wait to see who comes back next season.
2	Meh. I want to enjoy this place, because I really enjoy a lot of the artists that they bring to town. HOWEVER, the venue isn't the best by any means. The sound system is mediocre at best, the crowd is young, there is zero ventilation, and the bar is BARE minimum. Overall, unless Marquee is selling tickets to your ABSOLUTE FAVORITE artist, or tickets to an artist at a DIFFERENT venue, I'd pass on this place.
4	I was pretty skeptical to come here after all the negative reviews, but I was willing to take a chance to see Ellie Goulding. I went in with low expectations and thought the venue was perfectly fine. I decided to wait to finish this review until after I went back to see Chvrches a week later and I still think this place is pretty good. The bathrooms were clean, which is not always the case at concert venues.  Drinks are overpriced but that's to be expected from most venues. Usually the shows here are cheaper than other venues so that adds to the appeal. I'm not necessarily going to go out of my way to see a band I only somewhat like here, but I definitely would attend a concert if my favorite band was playing here.
5	Looks larger from the inside. Staff. And security was nice. Tempe PD present for the larger crouds   Great venue.
5	I love the Marquee. I have seen shows from Limp Bizkit to Clutch and even Motorhead. Never a problem. They were making you take your shoes off at security for a while but not anymore (from the last show I was at anyways) The sound is always good. The beer is a little overpriced and difficult to acquire due to the size of the crowd and lack of bar staff but what do you expect? The renovations they made are awesome. Now you can see the band while waiting for a beer. Ive been to many shows at many indoor venues like this and this is by far one of the best. A million times better than Club Red who tows your car away because the owner has a deal with the tow companies. LOVE THE MARQUEE!!My only complaint is the morons who think its ok to smoke weed in a non smoking establishment. Security needs to beat them before throwing them out.
1	"Festival Seating", huh?  There was no warning when I bought tickets for this venue . . . and what a shock to see that there were no seats.  Security folks made us stand up well before the concert started, probably because folks were packed in there way past what would be deemed a safe volume of people.The sound system was not good, acoustics were poor, the sound was over-processed.  It was a horrible experience; my worst concert to date.  I would suggest buying the artists DVD instead of going to see them live, at this venue.
1	I took my teenage kids to see Lindsay Sterling last night... I guess I should've looked at the venue reviews first.Here are my low points :1. If you have any issues with being on your feet for extended time, DO NOT COME HERE. We stood for 4+ hours, making line outside for more than 1 just to get in. Just to find inside that there is No seating anywhere. 2. If you require absolutely no personal space, you might be ok. We unfortunately did, and this place was packed to more than its capacity. We were sandwiched in there, and walking out we saw tons of people standing outside both the auditorium and the building itself. Way overcrowded.3. If you value your ear drums, DO NOT COME HERE. I get it, I'm not that young, and concerts are meant to be loud, but when even my kids are uncomfortable with the volume, and when it's so loud that it distorts the performance, then I don't get the point.There is no way we will be back.
1	One of the worst venues to see a concert.I guess if you like being in a huge mosh pit, you might like it. After being pushed, shoved and crammed against an industrial sized fan, I had to walk out into the lobby to see/hear the rest of the Lindsey Stirling concert.  The video screens in the lobby were a joke and don't even get me started on the crappy sound system!!I guess the only saving grace about this place, the gin & tonic was wonderful...way to go bartenders!! I will definitely do more research when buying concert tickets in the future, making sure there is seating.  This standing up for 2-3 hours to see a concert is CRAP!!
4	I was apprehensive about coming here for a Naked and Famous show just because of all the horrible reviews I read on here about it. In all honesty, I think the venue was actually pretty great. We arrived early so we had no issues getting our will call tickets or finding parking ($7). The stage/standing area was clean and well-maintained. Since I arrived early, I was able to stand near the front and be very close to the band. It's an intimate setting and I think as far as a venue for a concert goes, this place exceeded my expectations.
3	I have been to the Marque for a total of two concerts.  My first concert here was for Tracy Bonham with Aqualung back in 2006. Then, in April 2014, I saw Foster the People. Comparing the Marquee from 2006 to 2014, not much has changed. The parking is the same, the outside is the same, the stage is the same, and the concert goers are the same. You get the picture. The only difference I noticed was the entrance where the bar is. That has definitely been remodeled/expanded (or I am more aware of it now that I can drink). Overall, it's a decent theater. It's on the small side compared to other theaters I've been to, but this isn't a bad thing. The bathrooms were decent and everything seemed pretty clean upon first glance. Inside the actual theater there is absolutely no seating - standing room only. This is both a blessing and a curse. A blessing because you can stand, sit, or dance wherever you want. A curse because other people can stand, sit, or dance wherever they want and eventually they will dance their way into your space. This happened quite frequently and plenty of folks started to encroach in my space. Could be worse, I guess. Another thing I noticed was that the floors were sticky and gross. I saw folks sitting down and worried about their health. Otherwise, no real complaints. If another band I wanted to see was playing here, there would be no hesitation to get tickets.
1	The Marquee has the worst acoustics of any mid to small concert venue that I have been to and I have been to a lot of concerts.  It might work for some acts but for louder bands and Metal it is just terrible.  There is no sound conditioning whatsoever in this place.  They even had  the stage right rear corner acoustic curtain retracted which made for HORRIBLE fluttering and echo effects.  Even slower piano songs were echoing.  Vocals were completely indiscernible even when the singer was simply talking to the crowd.  I had to actually move to the stage left side to make it somewhat bearable.   The fact that they had an acoustic curtain which was retracted and  could have helped is just unforgivable.  What exactly is the sound guy doing to setup the show if he doesn't setup the acoustic curtains?  The ceiling is just a mess for sound anyway so there is probably no helping this place.This place either needs a complete sound rework or I will never attend a concert there again.  There are just so many better venues that this place probably should be torn down so that the space can be better used for something else and not destroy concert experiences.It is considerably worse than: Talking Stick Casino,Wild Horse Pass Casino,The Celebrity Theater, The former Web, The Dodge, The Venue Of ScottsdaleThe Nile,The Rialto (and that is in Tucson...)Perhaps only Nita's hideaway sucked more but that wasn't a sound issue.
3	Eh.Location is obviously pretty good. Parking is limited, and not free. Standing outside in the heat for hours before the show is not fun. Someone should have thought of designing some shade when they built this place.Inside was nice. Industrial fans blow air around, but they are situated on the ground, meaning once it fills up there is no airflow. Simple solution would be to move the fans up a bit.Water prices were reasonable, so that was nice. However, the security guard took my brother's unopened pack of gum as we were checked in. Good times.
4	I've been to several concerts at the Marquee over the last couple years, and it's always exciting being so close to the artists. It needs to make some improvements, the floor is always sticky and standing for hours is not always pleasant, but for the most part it's been a good experience for the price you pay. Especially considering that many big name artists play there, and seeing them in a bigger venue would cost double the price. The biggest issue that I have with the Marquee is that they charge $7 for parking, which is way too much.
3	I've traveled to Marquee numerous times over the years and have learned that is nothing more than an average concert venue. The sound is not excellent but also far from poor. The acoustics are fine and I like the elevated floor. The problem is that, for an extremely popular show like, say, Prince (which has happened before), it gets very packed, hot and sweaty in there. There is also very little charm inside. Very plain and just seems to be a venue utilized for booking artists and charging astrinomical prices to go see a show. i mean, it's still worth it because Marquee tends to pull acts that I am into that only a select few venues tend to recruit. For the reason alone, I will continue to go to the Marquee. The drinks are a bit overpriced and the floor makes my feet hurt every single time I am there. The upkeep on the place is average. It's not hoarder-level disgusting, but there has rarely been an instance where I don't feel the bottom of my shoe sticking to the floor because someone spilled alcohol or a soda, but to their credit, the venue LOOKS clean and they do an admirable job of cleaning the bathroom. The Marquee isn't great, but it's passable enough to where I will cojntinue to go there if they book acts I enjoy.
5	never had a bad experience here. it's easy to get to and if you pre-purchase tickets, you can pick up at will call before the lines start (or print at home i guess). on the occasion that we've gone to a show at opening time, the lines are long. but tonight, i showed up later and was able to walk right in. security at the door will frisk you. gum is no longer allowed. standing room only but you can usually find a spot anywhere, even in the back, that you can see the band clearly. acoustics are good as well. beers go for about 7 bucks for anything beyond budweiser.
4	Had a great time!
5	The safe are super down to earth and really cool.My friends car broke down in front of the theater, at least 10 staff came out to make sure we were okay. They even helped us with the car, after a long day of work. They actually care about the safety of others.
1	I cannot believe this venue is allowing it's customers to stand in the Arizona heat literally passing out instead of letting them in to get a break from the heat! You tell me you're handing out waters....more like selling them for 3 bucks a pop! Complete bs. I am so disappointed.  Mad even.  My money allows you to stay open...customer first!  And if anything happens to my kid while she's there my review now will be sweet compared to what I do!
4	I've been to countless shows at the Marquee over the years. I love the variety of entertainment you'll find here! Most recently I've seen Ellie Goulding, Animal Collective, and SBTRKT. As a kid I have a vivid memory of going to a Russian cat circus at the Marquee (yes, Russian cats doing tricks).Overall the venue is nice - tons of space for crowds and/or dancing, good sound system, large stage, ok bathrooms, and a bar. I'm not a smoker so I can't give you a report on the patio. Vodka and cranberry is $6, beer on tap is $7.
4	The staff is generally helpful and seem to stick to the rules. We frequent this venue when friends bands come to town and thoroughly enjoy their sound set up. All in all, go see shows here!
2	pretty much what everyone else said, the security and staff here are the WORST. I go to a lot of shows and I've literally never had an issue anywhere else, but it's something every time I come here...In addition to the staff problem, the acoustics are meh and the tickets are always WAY overpriced. I wouldn't go here unless you really can't miss the band.
3	They always seem to have the bands that I want to see and the sound is always good quality.  I think I just dont like that the only options to sit are either on the always sticky concert floor or outside with all of the smokers, of which there is no escape.The drinks are reasonably priced.  It is always easy to find the people I am with if we get separated.For a concert venue, the bathrooms are reasonably clean.  There are always people doing drugs in there, but I guess that is to be expected.
4	So I haven't been to a concert at the Marquee Theatre in years and I was pleasantly surprised of the upgrades they have made to the facility in that time.  The venue as a whole appears cleaner with new floors or maybe a paint job on the floors, regardless, it looks 100x better. The front of the house/foyer/lobby has fun chandeliers and custom paintings of famous rock n' rollers along the ceiling edge. The bar has great decorative lighting (P.S Diet Cokes are $3) and the bathrooms don't look like I will contract hepatitis anymore, yay! They are adorned with cute swervey mirrors (does that make sense?), automatic toilets, and the fancy Dyson hand dryer.The control booth is still in the center of the audience pit (yes pit, its standing room only), but there was so scaffolding so I am wondering if they are building a balcony. I've never been to a show here where they would need more room for the audience so I am hoping they will move the control booth up there. Also, they have giant fans on the ground to help keep the pit cool. Anyway, there still is a smaller bar to the right of the stage for those that are interested in drinking, but still wants to stay in view of the band. There is an outside patio that now has chairs lined up against the wall, but don't expect to get fresh air, this is (and always has) been where one goes to smoke. Even though study after study show that smoking is bad for your (and those around you) health , Marquee has decided to put a stand on the patio that will sell you cigarettes so one can stop bumming off of other people (yeah right).  Oh, at this show they also offered food - well pizza slices for $3, that is new to me and beneficial to those that frequent the bar. Awesome job Marquee, I love the facelift. Now if only you could get rid of all those extra ticket fees!
3	I have mixed feelings about Marquee. Really great sound system and it is relatively clean. Every time I have gone to the bathroom, there were people doing drugs, which I am not a fan of. The place is spacious though and I don't hesitate to go if we have a show to see there
3	It has been 10 years since I have been here so I didn't know what to expect when I went this weekend. The Marquee has some pretty popular acts that come through and ones that can draw large crowds. That being said, it is expected that they would allow for a pretty good show in all regards, especially with their tickets costing a decent amount.So, here was my experience . . . show started at 8, got there about 730 and had to go to the garage to park across the street, not a big deal. $7 to park in the garage and that is what it would have cost in the Marquee's parking lot as well.There was a line to get in but it moved pretty quickly. Used the restroom prior to heading towards the stage and was surprised at how nice they were. Went in to get a place to watch and it is just a large room with a floor sloping down towards the stage to allow for better viewing, which really helps. There is no place to sit, which is not a big deal, not really sure who would want to sit at a show anyways (unless of course you are going to a Kenny g concert).The show stared and the sound was loud, not the best ever but not the worst. There was a good blend of being able to hear all instruments and vocals weren't entirely distinguishable, but not too bad. Security had a decent presence and they did a good job of being on the look out for any shenanigans and intervening when necessary.I really did enjoy the lighting, is was perfectly sequenced with the music, had an array of colors and complemented the music nicely.  All in all, it's just a room to go see a show, there is nothing special about the place and certainly not a venue I patriotically look forward to going to. Not like the good old days of nita's hideaway...
3	Marquee Theatre is a good place to see a show. Not great, but good; and things have certainly improved since the remodel a year or two ago. It's a mid-size venue that attracts some good talent like Jimmy Eat World, Phoenix, The Used, Sigur Ros, Passion Pit, The Civil Wars and many other established acts who are too big for a small stage, but not quite ready to sell out arenas.Marquee has always been a bit grungy, but that's part of the appeal I guess. There's a bar in the back and off to the sides inside the venue itself, but the line at the back bar is always obnoxiously long, i.e. don't wait til you're done with your drink to make a move for a refill.I'll also mention that this place is close to Mill Ave and I've spent many a lovely evening getting grub and drinks before a concert then walking across the bridge to Marquee. Give it a try for those concerts with later start times (which is just about every concert ever).
1	This is got to be the worst venue I have ever been to. They do absolutely nothing with it. It's basically a brick shell , it has absolutely zero character. Take the patio for instants it's a Bunch of folding chairs and ashtrays. Stage area is basically a brick shell octagon with boarded up exit doors and chain link fences. Standing room only . It is the weakest venue I have ever been to. Even the acoustics were bad. But that is not the worst...the worst thing about this place is the management. Whoever runs this place needs to take it easy. He has his security guards running around there like a bunch of trained gorillas causing more problems than they solve. I was at a concert last night for red man and method man and be real from Cypress Hill it was labeled the "smokers tour".... I have never seen so many incidences happen at a pot smoking concert in my life. Multiple times I saw these security guards taking people out people five on one, the people at this concert were basically getting jumped by these guys the security guards were taking people to the ground ,knees in there back holding them facedown on the concrete for extended periods of time that were completely unreasonable for the situation basically patrons of the concert we're getting assaulted by these people. I have never seen anything so ridiculous, people we're coming to this concert to smoke a joint and listen to some good music. Not to get in fights. There was not one fight that wasn't started by the security of this place.I blame what happens on the management. Why would you bring a show to town that is labeled the smokers tour. Your Bringing in performers that are notorious for smoking pot why would you do that if you're going to be such assholes about it. You know the people there are going to smoke why are you going to bring in such performers if as a venue you're not cool with those activities. I would not return to this venue. It's basically like going to a high school party and then the cops come and bust it
1	This venue has so many good bands come through it because of its size only. Security is below the standard of any other place in Phoenix, the manager is on par with his security team and the bar serves people until they're black out drunk. I literally saw security escort a guy who was stumbling drunk out, only for him to walked right back in past the security guys who'd just thrown him out. They caught it because a patron pointed it out after watching them kick this guy out and tell them that he'd reentered. They're nowhere near any fight that breaks out. The manager is a simple-minded joke of a man with a short temper and a bunch of people around to back up his big mouth so he doesn't get beat. I watched it come close a couple of times. After a couple of visits to this hole, I've had to pass on a bunch of good bands coming through because The Marquee won't see another penny of my or my friends cash.
5	The staff was courteous and awesome. The bathrooms were clean and didn't feel disgusting like other venues. The security staff did a great job and I could tell they were very attentive to making sure the crowd was safe and nothing shady was going on. Shout out to Chason and Kelly for being awesome people and caring about the customers.Edit: I noticed a lot of negative reviews about the security staff. Sure some of them came off rude, but they're there to protect people and to be on a constant look out for any potentially dangerous activity. They have to be there every day with loud music right in their ears and loud fans trying to cause trouble at times. If you take a moment to actually talk to one of them, they're really cool people just trying to do their jobs.
3	The Marquee is a decent music venue and hasn't changed much since my last visit there, over 9 years ago. We got there a little after the first band went on so entrance was easy, even with the extra stop at the ID check table. If there were a line though, I could see how that might be a huge annoyance.We parked across the street in the garage which was $7, cash only. The couple cars in front of us weren't aware of the cash only part and had to turn around. They do post the parking situation on their website but it's understandable that not everyone checks. There is a light rail station just up the road that's no longer of a walk than it is to the garage. I'll probably go that route sometime.The bar leaves little to be desired. For this show, beers were $7. I had a Lagunitas IPA. Tasted like the keg was old. My second beer was different and much better. I'd suggest doing some pre-show drinking elsewhere but don't act stupid and show up drunk acting a fool. Security is no joke and they aren't scared to flex a little muscle. Happy show going!
1	Security here is an absolute joke. Pushing innocent bystanders into the "pit" when their doing nothing but standing still. Isn't security supposed to protect not cause harm to their attendants? Would rate lower than 1 star if possible.
5	Best place to catch live music in Arizona! From national to indie bands, I love coming to the Marquee! Range of acts from Social Distortion, Bush, Coal Chamber and the most recent band I saw two weeks ago was Opeth (Swedish Progressive metal gods!). Excellent sound system to boast of, I am never disappointed every time I come here! The only con I can say is that there is no food establishment located in the Marquee but I happen to enjoy the half-mile walk to Mill Ave and grabbing a bite either before or after a show!
