3	I'm still looking for that great Chinese place on the West side, that delivers. Am I dreaming the impossible dream? Apparently so.In the meantime, I have China Rainbow. It is in my neighborhood. It is decent. I've never had anything that was outright bad, just unremarkable. They do not deliver. I appreciate that their veggies are not overcooked. The quality of chicken that they use could be improved somewhat. I think they use thighs.I also always need to spice up my food a little bit. Sambal Olek is my friend. The noodles, however,  are really, really tasty -- though, a touch oily. They have that slightly chewy texture I adore.Is it my ideal Chinese restaurant? No. Will it suffice? Certainly.EDIT: I forgot to mention that their crispy duck is rather good!
4	Cheap chinese food that is relatively tasty. I believe their menu claims to be the "most authentic mandarin, hunan, and schezwan in town" but seeing that I am from none of those backgrounds, I can't really tell if that's true. The food didn't give me a stomach ache so to me that is good enough for 3 stars, though it's a bit salty.The food is ridiculously cheap, with lunch plates running for only $5 (including entree, soup, egg roll, fried rice, fried chicken and a crab puff). The other combos are only about $7. We all had different plates since some people didn't want to do it family style and make use of our lazy susan! Everyone seemed pretty satisfied and my friend who had the house special duck really enjoyed his meal. I liked my combo of shrimp and vegetables. They didn't skimp on the shrimp Too bad there were only 2 other customers aside from our group of 7. I think they should get more business. Oh, and they give free steamed rice and tea with your meals. I like asian places that don't charge for tea. That would be like charging for water.
4	This was our second time having china rainbow, and I can officially say that I am a fan. I decided we would try this place because it has two unusual proteins for a valley menu, Lamb and Duck. I'm used to these at nicer resturants back east but not out here. My wife had the Yuling Chicken the first time we went and I can say it was great. A full chicken breast fried in batter and perfect with the delicious yuling sauce and I had hunan lamb good and spicy...super spicy and tasty. I didn't care for the water chestnuts in the wonton soup otherwise it was good. Tonight we got takeout and I took the plunge and got the yuling duck and the wife got orange chicken. The menu "highly recommends" the orange chicken and for good reason, It was really good. I would order it for myself everytime we go but I'm gonna try something new next time. I got the fried wonton appetizer which was a waste of money even if it was just $3 it was just fried wonton wrappers with no filling I was expecting actual soup fried wontons or for them to be stuffed with something. Still a great place with really good and very reasonably priced food.
4	I've been going here for 12 years now and have always been given great service and good food from day 1. Tucked away in a little strip mall this spot has been the only consistent establishment through the turnstile of businesses that have come and gone. Being said it serves up consistent good meals and solid with the customer service. For example I popped in tonight with a 2 meal take out and they threw in a large egg drop soup on the house. Orange beef is good as well as the vegetable egg foo yung. Nice reliable place and same owners since I've started going here.
1	This is the worst Chinese food you will ever eat. Then, you'll get to taste it again as it comes back up. I had the worst bout with food poisoning of my entire life after eating here. Perhaps it was just their almond chicken, but I won't be going back to eat any of their other dishes ever again. I warn everyone I can about this place when it comes up in conversation. If you want good Chinese, drive a little bit further southwest to Big Heng on 75th and Peoria. Far superior food for less money, and you won't throw it up.
4	I have ordered from here a few times already. The beef lo mein, sweet and sour chicken, teriyaki chicken, and rice is good.I would give it 5 stars but I really like pot stickers and theirs are not so great. I ate one and threw away the rest. Their crab puffs are alright, very cute but taste wise is okay. I will continue to go here because the ladies up front are very nice and it's fast.
4	I've been coming here for at least 8 years now. It's actually my mother and father's to-go spot for Chinese food. They love it here!That being said, if you prefer a small intimate restaurant with not many people there this is your place. I've has lots of Chinese food in my lifetime but I can honestly say the small "home like"  environment is what I prefer but others might consider it a "hope in the wall" restaurant. Tip: sometimes the hole in the wall spot are the best!! The locations works perfect for us because it's in a plaza and there is a big lots a few stores down. We like to have dinner then walk over to big lots for a little shopping. Anything you order is great. My favorite has to be the shrimp and vegetables in the brown sauce comes in a combination plate with fried rice, crab puff, fried wing, egg roll, and my absolute fav egg drop soup. I've had their soft noddles, orange chicken, and a few other dishes and all have great sauces and great flavor! And all in reasonable prices!! Above all this, gotta say their customer service is beyond awesome! Waitress knows us, she knows what we like, and never fails to make us feel welcomed every single time! It's defiantly a gotta try! ;)
4	Quick Tip - If you are looking for duck in the valley read on. This is worth checking into.My parents have been going here for years. Dad is in love with hot n sour soup, and he gets a kung pao chicken (no nuts) all the time. He likes nuts, but apparently not in his kung pao...and they know this. Mom has her fave too, but I can't recall what it is...but I digress.We had been talking about duck for Christmas for awhile, and I had seen the takeout menu from here at Mom's house. It said they did duck 4 different ways, one of which was Peking duck, carved at the table - for like $23. Mom called a couple days ahead and said we needed Peking for about 4, and Mary Anne (owner?/server/nice person) said we would need 2 ducks - which is about right. We showed up on Xmas day at 1pm (as scheduled) and 2 Peking ducks were waiting. The non-duck-eaters ordered their entrees and we settled in for duck. Yep. Carved at the table by MaryAnne's husband (owner and chef I think). Super deftly while he held the duck in a clean towel and shaved it with a cleaver-like blade. Never seen that technique before, but I'd be willing to try it once I buy the knife. :)Mary Anne expertly folded it into the Chinese pancakes with sauce and Scallions and placed them on the plates. GREAT SERVICE. After she wrapped a couple we told her to just leave the duck on the lazy Susan and forget about the pancakes. Duck Skin= Pretty darn crisp. Not quite perfect if yer a duck snob, but really good. Meat= Flavorful, nicely seasoned. Expertly cooked.Bones= they asked if we wanted them. Hell yes! For $23 I wasn't expecting them to do this ultra-traditional and serve in 3 courses! I've got all the fixins and the time tomorrow to crank out some duck soup. It's a strip-mall gem! The hot tea could be kicked up a notch or 3, but they have TsingTao and a Japanese beer or two. The old-time fave cocktails are also available. The Wor Wanton is very nice, with good amounts of baby corn and a few really pretty snow peas. Its cheaper in the long run than ordering regular wonton (which is 1 person - the Wor is for 2 but really serves about 3-4). We're going back! They do crispy duck, and Yuling duck, and Szechwan Tea-smoked duck. So there's gonna be some trips, because nobody in our duck party has tried the smoked or Yuling...and they have all made our 2014 list. They also offer great lunch specials like most Chinese restaurants...so if yer in the area - hit them up for that. If you want to kill a couple hours and munch on Peking Duck; this place is totally worth a visit!
5	I have been getting food here for almost 10 years now. They've got great food, service is always super fast, and the prices are great. Great destination if you're looking for a quick bite to eat during your lunch break. Check out the garlic chicken; it's worth it.
3	Ordered the house chow mien for take-out tonight and it didn't have any flavor. Thank goodness for the single packet of soy.... This being said, all ingredients were obviously fresh.The portion size, lack of eating utensil or flavor, single soy and fortune cookie made this not so great of a value for 10 bucks.I'll go down the street to my old standby Wing Hing next time.
5	Awesome Egg Foo Young! We have been searching for a while for a good Chinese delivery restaurant. We have tried them all in this area and none compare to China Rainbow. The service is fast, professional and courteous. We love the young lady that takes your order for Call in delivery. The food we have ordered has been delicious and consistent and they have always gotten our order correct. :) Matt.   Glendale, AZ
3	It's nice that they serve alcohol here but the food seems really bland. I had the fried rice and orange chicken and really was not impressed. Sorry guys.
