4	This is a great spot for a party!   There is plenty of space and easy access to parking.
5	This is, in my opinion, the most gorgeous "hidden" event space in Uptown Charlotte. Large enough to easily fit 400-500 people standing, the Terrace at South Tryon Square comes complete with stellar views, plenty of seating and umbrellas and super easy access parking to the connected parking deck! Whether you're getting married, looking for a great space to host a private event, or just want to take your lunch up to a pretty and quiet spot in Uptown, this is a clutch location. If you're hosting an event here, be aware that there isn't an event staff that comes with the space, so you'll have to make due on your own! But with these great views, expansive terrace, three covered areas and a center bar - it's totally worth the effort!
4	Charlotte - especially Uptown Charlotte - may not be known for its parks, and it might even be a stretch to call this a park, because there is really very little greenery. It's also surrounded on most sides by buildings and parking decks. In fact, you probably will have to access the space by a parking deck.But if you should happen to make your way to the fifth floor rooftop and hang out on the terrace, you have found your way to one of the best spots around. Definitely worth the trip, and perhaps even more so because most people will have no idea that you are even there. Overstreet mall, eat your heart out - this is even better.(I originally wrote a review for this after the Yelpo de Mayo party, but it was merged with that review - so I wrote another. Let's see if it sticks this time.)
5	The Terrace is a great place located on the 5th floor of the South Tryon Square building (corner of 4th and Tryon) in Uptown Charlotte.  Most people use it as a "cut through" since the parking deck for the building is located across the way and you have to walk through the terrace to get into the building.I like to use the space to hang out outside and eat my lunch on the numerous tables out in the space.  Most of the tables have 4 chairs and some even have umbrellas for the hot summer days.  There is a wet bar structure on the terrace, but it looks to be long forgotten - they at one point probably had events up here... but it seems like the bigger venues have taken over (Epicenter/AliveAfter5, etc).Nice to take a break from "concrete jungle" and actually get some Vitamin D instead of whatever vitamins leech out onto us from artificial lighting.  The building maintains the space so its super clean and there are nice planters of flowers and green plants to pretty up the terrace.
