2	This place is brand new in Ahwatukee and I figured I would give it a shot. I ordered the Korean Pork BBQ wrap, which came with a small side salad with a vinaigrette. The wrap was not very tasty (bland) and was kind of small, considering it was $9. There was only 1 very small piece of BBQ pork in the wrap, which was very disappointing. The salad and vinaigrette were just ok. I was expecting a lot more. Too bad.
1	Gave it a try yesterday.  Ordered the build your own salad which with their $3 chicken came out to over $10.  Place felt like they were using a swamp cooler, could not have eaten in so got it to go.  Salad was hot due to the microwaved chicken being placed in the greens.  Honey walnut vinaigrette was watery and tasteless.  Had hoped for better.  I guess AJ's salad is still a better deal for fresher food.  Will not return.
4	I had a very different experience than previous reviewers. The restaurant was comfortable, the staff friendly, and the food tasty. Currently on special at 6.99, I had a custom salad with the Korean BBQ Beef. The meat was tender and tasty, and seemed a reasonable amount for a salad. All ingredients were fresh and good. I will definitely be back to try something different.
5	I went here for the first time tonight and I absolutely love it!! One of the best salads I've ever had!!! I ordered the chicken Cobb salad on flatbread.
5	Stopped here on my way home from work looking for something healthy and quick. This really hit the spot. I ordered my husband the Asian BBQ beef salad and it was delicious!  Perfect with the Spicy Ponzu Vinaigrette dressing. I ordered the Greek Chicken salad which was fresh and tasty but nothing extraordinary. I look forward to going back and trying more of the menu items. The place is clean and the staff were kind and helpful.
5	They offer wraps, paninis and make your own salads. It is pretty healthy and since I'm trying to lose weight, like everyone else for the new year, this place works out great for me. I really like their green chicken wrap. It is a spinach wrap with grilled chicken, spinach, avocado, green apple, smoked Gouda cheese and creamy chipotle dressing. The whole mixture is super good. I will definitely have to come back to try something else on the menu
