5	I actually see Dr Rama Harouni, not Dr Wolfson (who may be a fine doctor in his own right, but I've never met him).Dr Harouni is a youngish, very smart lady who has a wonderful tableside manner.  She listens, she never rushes, and her advice is thoughtful and specific.She studied in Israel at a prestigious med school there, and did her residency at North Shore University Hospital, on Long Island, which is also a top-notch credential.  Most impressive to me is her command of the English language:  she came to this country as an adult, speaking little English, and now doesn't even have an accent, something few can accomplish.I would not hesitate to recommend Dr. Harouni.
2	The office location we went to was on Tropicana and Rainbow. We waited forever to get to the back room and then forever again to see the doctor for a whole 5 minutes. Eric the MD is clean cut and can hold a conversation but we didn't get any special or above average vibe from him. The front office girls are VERY slow and are not very happy, they appear to really dislike their jobs. We have tried twice and the office is the same each time. Save yourself the trouble and find another doctor with a better staff.
1	Been going there for years.  If you can find someone else I say go there, horrible office staff no one gets back to you on tests results.  Will hope to find someone new in 2012.  Waiting time is terrible usually an hour and half no matter what time I get there.  Looking for someone on the southwest  Laura
2	First time seeing a doctor since moving to Vegas. First, the office is kind of run down and kind of old school. Next, the staff was incredibly rude, cold, and made me feel like I was an inconvenience. No smiles, no laughs, I even tried to crack a joke and the assistant showed zero emotion. I met with Dr. Wolfson, and granted, my issue was very minor, I only saw him for 5 minutes after waiting 1.5 hours. He was nice, but it felt like he didn't care, he seemed checked out. I tried to ask him a simple medical question, and he said he didn't know. Okkaayy, thanks, Doc! I give it two stars because they have a pharmacy there, which was really convenient. But not convenient enough for me to return. I wouldn't recommend this place.
1	I left the doctors office because of the staff, they are ignorant and rude.  My husband however stayed and has been a patient for at least 8 years.  He was misdiagnosed by Heidi Baker telling him he was diabetic and had high cholesterol, she pumped him full of medication that almost killed him.  He followed up with Dr. Wolfson who told him he didn't have either.  We went to the ER to find he has to have his gal bladder removed so I called the office today and asked for a surgeon's name, the office staff said you have to make an appointment and pay for an office visit to get a name.  I HATE this office and everything about it.  I swear the staff didn't complete any schooling they ordered they degree from Sears mail order catalog.  Ignorant, Ignorant, Ignorant.
1	I used to like Dr. Wolfson (although I never thought much of his intellect.) He had a sweet disposition, but that has deteriorated over the years. His staff has always been lousy though. He only hires Hispanics, thereby catering to the undocumented immigrants. On one occasion, there were 2 very young Hispanic children running around the clinic with seemingly free rein of the place. One of them nearly collided with me as she raced down the hallway. I commented to a nurse and she informed me that they were a staff member's kids. Allowing children in the workplace is very unprofessional for any business, particularly a medical clinic. Whatever the extenuating circumstance was for those kids to be there, at least they could have been kept out of sight/trouble in a back room. I don't know how often this happens but I doubt it was an isolated incident.Also, the wait time is usually 30-40 minutes even with an appointment. Another grievance is not being able to get lab results over the phone. I usually had to make another appointment just to get my results. The final straw was when Dr. Wolfson misdiagnosed a medical problem. I went to a specialist for a second opinion and he correctly diagnosed me in a split second. My issue turned out to be a rather simple matter after all. I'm very disgruntled that Wolfson was not able to surmise it himself. Frankly, I now consider him a stupid quack that runs a chain of ghetto clinics.I will never return there. I would go out-of-state first. Luckily, I found a new doctor/clinic that is much better. I suggest you shop around too.
1	This guy shouldn't be allowed to use the title "doctor."  He's a high volume shopkeeper running a practice that's more like a bad Walmart than a professional medical practice.  I've used this office only because of the excellent and professional service of Heidi Baker, but even that can't counter the rude, uncaring staff, and general lack of professionalism that pervades every part of this operation.  Sadly,as of today I'm looking for someone new.  If you insist on going here, demand to see Heidi Baker...or anyone other than Woflson himself.  He's clearly too busy controlling labor costs by hiring ill-kempt nitwits, and grinding every penny out of his business than he is concerned with the well-being or dignity of his patients.
4	Dr. Wolfson is great and I love Jennifer also. They always take great care of me. Just wish the front desk was nicer.
