4	They were quick and helpful. I asked them a few questions on the standard package for the tint I was getting and they did well answering them. Thanks guys
1	Took a weight distribution hitch into them to install.  Had to have them fix one thing after they said they were done.  Then had to go back because they hadn't done something else.  They claimed that the problem is we brought our own in.  They are the experts.  I shouldn't have had to point out two different problems to them.  And they charged a TON to have it done.  Wanted to have the experts do it right and I could have done the same thing on my own or taken it some where else for real "experts" to have it done.
1	Crooks!!!  Quote prices on the phone then try to triple them when you come for appointments!!!  Scratched the bumper of a one day old vehicle and wouldn't even admit itCannot recommend to anyone
5	We had our car windows tinted there this morning.  LOVE IT!  They were done ahead of schedule and did a great job.
1	Dropped in to Quality bumper a dealership recommendation for some running boards. Running boards were great. The salesman was very insistent that I buy this truck bed cover, said I was not interested. Kept on said he would give me a great deal. So eventually I cracked...lol I paid for the boards and cover. Then he told me the cover was not in stock and they would have to order it. I stated, I just want to cancel then again very high pressure to keep it, did not want to give my money back. Stated they would call when it was in, probably Friday. With hesitation I agreed. Friday came, saturday went by no word. When I called Monday they stated they called and I would not answer. I checked my phone no recorded of them calling. The manager stated they called and it was my fault since I did not answer. Being told I was lying to them they stated that now I would have to pay a re-stocking fee and the installation was no longer free. Really? Worst customer service I have ever had. WOULD NOT RECOMEND to even my worst enemy:) Buyer beware when shopping here.
3	Just wanted to update. Manager contacted us. Was willing to give full refund or have the top installed for free. Seems there was a communication issue. Issue was resolved, even kept the truck box cover. Did have an issue, but company did resolve in a timely manner and apologized for the miscommunication
