4	The actual hotel is perfectly located for a nice trip to the touristy Old/Vieux Port part of Old Montreal. You can see this hotel with it's cool lobby bar and included breakfast from the waterfront area as you take the Bateau Mouche or visit the Science Centre. However, I stayed in one of their apartment hotels. There are several different styles of apartments- family-oriented 2 bedrooms, economical studios and the luxurious modern one bedroom 2 level lofts or apartments. I stayed on Rue St Gabriel in one fantastic apartment. I could have moved right in. The dishes were clean, the shower was big enough for 4 and the bedroom, ah the bedroom!  Great for large gatherings of family, friends, office mates or pre-wedding prep. I highly recommend these unusual accommodations for people looking for something more homey than a hotel room or those who need longer term accommodations. Available for 3 night minimum, though.
4	We discovered this hotel 3 years ago, on our first visit to Montreal. We were there for our babymoon, and I was hankering for something sweet, so we stopped at their restaurant and got dessert. The place was really nice, and when we got back home, hubby looked at their website and decided that on our next trip to Montreal, this is where we would stay. And we did! Pros: friendly, helpful staff. Big rooms. Nice breakfast included. Great area to be in. Flat screen TV. Cons: our room was SO hot! We had to keep the windows open mostly the whole time! The elevator was really slow. We will definitely stay here again, though.
4	Nice Boutique style hotel in the Old Port of Montreal.  The room was clean, very nicely decorated and had a nice view of the river.  The staff was very helpful and the bar and restaurant below is very nice as well.   They even comped our meal one night at the bar with was cool.  If I go back to Montreal, I would definately stay here.
4	Stayed here a couple years back and we enjoyed it very much.  A small, rustic hotel with much charm and a friendly staff.  The location is perfectly situated in Old Montreal/Vieux Port, with a beautiful view of Fleuve St. Laurent. Would definitely stay here again.
5	Had a really wonderful stay here for three nights (stayed one night at Hostelerie Pierre du Calvet- AMAZING!). Prime location right in Old Montreal near the wharfs and St. Lawrence. Beautiful building...room was TINY but evoked a wonderful rustic, romantic, Old-World feel with its exposed brick walls and wood floor. There are wonderful memories from our stay in Montreal,,and the Auberge du Vieux Port is a big part of that, with its charming service and the feelings of warmth and serinity it evoked in me (which is hard to do as any one that knows me will tell you). Montreal is a magical place for me.
3	We stayed here over Labor Day weekend.  I don't think you can find a better location in Montreal, it is right in the middle of Old Montreal.  The room was very nice and had a great view.  Overall the service was very good, but it varied from person to person.The one disappointment was the restaurant.  Breakfast was just okay.  One day they ran out of danishes, and on two of the mornings, it was impossible to get my coffee refilled.  The food is fine, but nothing special.  They really don't spice their dishes at all, very bland.  The service varies greatly.  On Sunday, we waited about a half hour for our food to arrive, and while my wife's was hot, mine was cold.  Given that the waiter asked us about our order, I think they forgot about us and wondered what that extra crepe was doing down there.We also had noise issues one night.  Friday and Saturday was nice a quiet in our room, but Sunday we had someone in high heels pacing above us, and it sounded like we were on the terrace bar... and a party was going on.  Not a good nights sleep, but I don't know if that was just some rude guests, or if there is an issue as to how the rooms are laid out (we were in the new section).I must point out that the mattress was amazing... but I don't think they will let me sneak it out in our luggage... very comfortable.It is a beautiful hotel in an excellent location.  While our stay could have been better, it was certainly enjoyable.  I don't know if we'd stay here again.  I'd certainly be willing to, but there are a lot of other options in Old Montreal as well.
5	Great place to stay when exploring Montreal.  Close to lots of wonderful restaurants.    Bed is utterly sumptuous !!!!  The rain shower head is great also.   All in all, a great spot at a very reasonable price that includes breakfast which is ok.   One suggestion - ask to stay in the old section. - lots more character to the rooms although the rooms on the newer section were nice also just not as large.
5	We stayed here for a romantic weekend getaway and I was so glad I did.  The service was excellent.  Special thanks to Trifon for being so accomodating.  He knew that I wanted it to be a special night so he found a room that would suit my purpose.  They are so hardworking and really take the time to make you feel good.  The hotel is sexy and old-world and the Tavern Gaspar beside it is quite wonderful to lounge at and becomes the place to be in the evenings.  Our bed was sumptuous and the wrought iron bed frame imparts an old world feel.  They only have showers but it came with multiple jets that touch every part of your body.  The brunch next day was very good a filling and you just sat down at Tavern Gaspar and gave your room number and they made your breakfast to order.  What a lovely concept!  Definitely coming back here again, in the summer when I can stroll by the river.  Yes most definitely.
4	Was impressed with this hotel before arrival.  I tweeted about making a reservation for Labour Day weekend and by the next mornng had multiple tweeted responses from the hotel thanking me for choosing them and suppling websites and suggestions of things to do during my stay.  They followed up a couple of days before the trip to see if there was anything they could do (directions etc) to help make our trip easier.  Check in was quick and painless.  I had reserved a queen room facing the street and was surprised at how quiet it was as I had read reviews before leaving about the noise levels from partiers outside.  I go to bed fairly early most nights and wasn't bothered by noise at all and the street was packed with tourists.  The room itself was on the small side but gorgeous and had big windows that opened up for fresh air.  Breakfast is included and served at the Gasper Tavern which is connected to the hotel.  There is a continental buffet as well as a hot full service menu.  The fresh baked chocolate crossaints were the death of me.  Nothing like having desert for breakfast!Loved that the location is a walk from all the great restos and museums in Old Montreal.  Service was friendly and efficient.  Will definitely stay here again.
5	My husband and I stayed here for a 4 day getaway.  The location was fantastic.  We were right in the center of everything in the old town. We had a lake view which gave us a great vantage point for sunsets.  The rooftop bar provided a 360 degree view of the area.  The room was very clean and the shower had multi shower heads. The bed was better that ours at home!  So comfortable.  The staff at this hotel were amazing.  I had so much fun chatting with everyone.  They always had time to tell you where to go, what to see, and change US currency for Canadian currency.  I've been home for a week now and I still remember Oliver, Michael, Fred, Fred, Max and Veronica.  You know they give personal attention when you get to know them like that.  I had a wonderful time and highly recommend this hotel to everyone!
5	My wife and I came for our anniversary... pulled up and we're met by Frederic, one of two front-of-house employees who has worked here around 10 years ( that tells me they take care of employees). He provided a comfortable welcoming first impression. We booked because we liked the look of the rooms with exposed brick and wood floors.  The view of the port and rustic design in the rest of the hotel were a bonus we didn't expect. The bed was super comfortable including those big soft oversized down pillows. We slept like babies. The shower was AWE-some as it was one of those new rain shower heads. Overall we were happy with our stay and tried to get out of our reservation at another place so we could stay one more night with no luck. Very friendly staff and included breakfast in a prime location make this a solid choice.
5	Such a beautiful hotel, in a great location. The weather was bone-chilling cold (says the trueblood Texan), which made walking into the hotel even more fabulous. The service was impeccable. The front desk girl smiled the whole time and was incredibly helpful in answering our questions about the food and entertainment nearby. I consider myself heterosexual but she was so cute and nice and sweet that I swear I wanted to ask her out on a date. After leaving the front desk a little confused about my own sexuality, we got to our lovely room with a massive whirlpool jacuzzi in the bathroom. The warm bath feels amazing after walking around in the frigid cold. Ample bath salts are provided, as well as nice robes to slip into after your bath. The only disappointment was the "fake" fireplace, which blew hot air but really we were kind of dismayed that they would have advertised the room as having a fireplace when really it's just a wall fixture of flickering flame-like light. Not enough to dock a star. The breakfast (included) is wonderful- there are a few options on the menu, and a waitperson actually comes around and takes your order. Some pastries, breads, and juices are placed out in buffet-fashion as well. We wished we could have stayed longer!
3	The view is a pretty good one. The service was with the smiling friendly. The prices were a little expensive for a limited selection. They only had two beers on tap and no other bottled beers. They had the usual liquors but no original Canadian or French beers. It's a little difficult to find because you have to go down into the basement and then find your way up some elevators to the rooftop because it is part of a hotel. The atmosphere is casual and it can be fun unless it is windy or it starts to rain
