1	Beware Ear, Nose & Throat Consultants of Nevada. Arrived early for 2pm appointment.. Brought back after hour and 15 minutes in the waiting room and I'm still waiting. There must be a better way to treat your paying patients (customers)!
5	I gave 5 stars because I would recommend them for the proper health, wellness, education, and safety of my friends and family.  I'm not rating a care-center for the experience in the waiting room (unless they're receptionist is unpleasant, which they were not).  I think it's unfair to judge a place based on the unwillingness of other patients to show up on time and make other people wait--that's just pointing a finger in the wrong direction.  Ok back to the subject at hand:  I made an appt after getting several recommendations from an array of people because I wanted to see what could be done about my consistent sinus problems.  I saw Dr. Tolan, who was steady and thorough and went through all of my options.  I was the one that brought up surgery as an option--this gave me faith as his patient because he was being conservative (plus I had already tried everything he had offered as a solution).  He explained the process and recovery time and made me feel at ease.The surgery couldn't have gone better: They scheduled for two weeks off from work (ahhh-thank you!), the physician assistants and surgery staff were so friendly and comforting (especially for my mom, who was putting on the brave face), and when I woke up, I could already breathe better than I could before--and I had a giant stint in there holding everything together.  I guess I was a total mouth-breather before I got this surgery.They were awesome.  That is how you build recommendations.
4	I go to the henderson location and although its rough getting an apt.  Dr. Goll is amazing and didnt rush me along! I have had the same ENT since birth and i was nervous about going to somebody new. He was kind and gentle and very informative!!  Will deff cont comming back.....
5	Love Dr Yu and Dr Tolan. staff too! You may wait awhile, but they are taking time to diagnose some serious issues and when its your turn they will care for you too and not rush you so they can figure out the best course of treatment for you.
1	Dr.yu is the best. Gave one star because of the staff. The black girl at the reception was rude, unfriendly, and not at all helpful. The nurse I got was like mr. Gringe, no smile. The staff that day needs special training in patients care.
1	If I could give the Smoke Ranch location a negative 5 I would. I could not believe the service I received there. The office staff was completely unprofessional. They mocked my mother as she stepped outside to take a phone call. When I complained that they would behave in such a way, they moved my chart to the back. In doing so, I had to wait for two additional people to go in front of me resulting in an over 45 minute wait until they decided to move my chart back to the front. And to top it all off, when I called back to ask about a referral that was supposedly sent (the other office has no record of the referral) the receptionist very rudely and with a raised voice said "that department is closed for the day" and then proceeded to hang up on me. This was at 4pm. The office does not close until 5.Dr. Sikand and Ear Nose and Throat Consultants of Nevada should be ASHAMED at the quality of people they have working for them. It is a disgrace. I cannot believe it.Please do not EVER go to the Smoke Ranch location. Save yourself the trouble!
5	I came to Nevada from Maui expressly for surgery by Dr. Goll.My sister recommended him as he was the surgeon who operated on her ex husband with Stage IV throat cancer.  Dr. Goll did an outstanding job, and my ex BIL is still with us 7 years later.I have Stage 3 Papillary Thyroid Cancer.  Turns out I have a pretty resistant strain and needed  better care than I was getting on Maui.Dr. Goll did a Right Radical Neck Dissection.  He and his staff were extremely accommodating time wise as I was coming from out of state.  I saw him on a Monday and had the surgery on that Friday!  I believe he made a spot for me.  I am soo grateful!Surgery was easy.  Dr. Goll answered all of my questions.  I'll go to City of Hope from here for further evaluation.I would recommend Dr. Goll anytime!
3	I am quite torn on this.  I really feel it is more of a 2.5 experience. I do not say that lightly. My mother loved Dr. Tolan. It is why I chose this office for a issue that popped up suddenly. One concern I always have is the front staff. To me they are the first people you encounter when going to a doctor for the first time. JMO those at the front desk should be welcoming. You do not know how people are feeling when going to see a doctor. Empathy is truly one of the keys to health care and customer service in general. Is it that hard to even just say hello. How are you today? Make the patient feel like they are going to be treated with respect. When you are just handed a clip board, not even a pen?? Well then I say I am nothing more than a dollar in someone's pocket. I sat there thinking will I get great care from the doctor? I was unsure.   Then I met the assistant to the doctor. That was one of the most unpleasant experiences I have ever had. She could not even crack a smile. I could tell she could not wait to get out of the room. And I could not wait for her to leave. At this point I was ready to call it a day and go to quick care. But I came this far. I had to give the doctor a chance. My mom loved him? The doctor came in a few minutes later. He was friendly. He asked questions. He did the exam. He was thorough. I did find him a little condescending as I cannot pronounce a medical diagnosis. He made sure to correct me and not in a nice way. He advised me as to what to do. He told me if I need to come back for  additional treatment to do so. Will I? Not sure. Do I think he is a good doctor yes I do. My issues and concerns are always about the patient. They want to be treated as if they matter and someone is listening. I know to me that is important. No matter what I am always respectful of the doctor and the staff. So all I ask is to be treated the same.
1	I was refer to this office from UNLV health center and i had a horrible experience at this office. My appointment was at 2:15, I happened to arrived about 20 minute early, checked in and did paper work. i waited about until 2:45 to get to the room and waited until 3:15 to finally see Dr. Tolan. I went this office for tonsillitis, while i was telling him my symptoms, he did few exams. The.n he prescribes anitibiotics, anti acid reflex medication and anti histamine for allergy and tells me to come back to remove my tonsils when I have time. All that took less than 10 min. I waited over an hour yo see this arrogant attitude doctor?!! I really disappointed with his professionalism with his patients
1	STAY AWAY from this location. I made an appointment and arrived 15min early and waited for over an hour after my SCHEDULED appointment before i just left.
3	Dr. Goll was very pleasant, thorough, and professional, but all 3 members of his Henderson location front office staff had bad attitudes.
1	As someone who works in the medical feild, I would NEVER refer here after my experience.
1	Zero stars!! I was referred to this place by our pediatrician for my son who needed an ear surgery. I came into the cramped waiting room with my son and my baby in a stroller. There was no sitting room for us, we stood over an hour without anyone informing the waiting room that doctors were behind ect. My son (4) thankfully had his ipad cartoons to keep him busy. We were moved into a room and proceeded to wait nearly another 30min when an MA finally came in. She immediately said that my son would have to turn his ipad off as she could hear it in the next room... A little appalled and usually reserved, I suggested that they should let the people i the waiting room know when they are 2 hours behind and she quickly shot back that some patients just take longer than others... That was it. I had had enough. I packed up my kids and headed out. Stopped by the front desk and asked them to shred my file and info because we wouldn't be back . Avoid this place like the plague!
