5	Look down Prince Arthur street and you'll wonder when did France have time to invade Greece, the hybrid to move to Quebec and America to deprive it of character. Not one Greek name in sight.  Scratch the surface and a different picture emerges. See the fullness of Caverne Greque and contrast it with the emptiness of Cabane Greque just opposite. Says it all.Caverne managed to keep the Greek flavor, though the character is watered down. Pity, though the other extreme of Greek restaurant with plenty of Hellenic paraphernalia and blaring bouzouki and nisiotiko isn't everyone's idea of a good night.BYOB, no corkage and a delicious selection for table d'hote and excellently priced a la carte menu. I've had their moussaka, souvlaki and lamb chop table d'hote and can attest to their deliciousness. The Caverne steak really surprised me with its portion: it was very generous and cooked to perfection.Thursdays to Saturdays I really recommend reserving for dinner. Once in a group of 8 they found us a table by pure sheer miracle. This is an excellent spot to keep in your books. It is conveniently located, excellently priced and is blessed with very efficient staff.
3	It's fine. Nothing to write home about. Don't bother ordering the tarama, it's tasteless. Chef seems to be allergic to using seasoning on his food. For a street with umpteen Greek restaurants you would think that instead of competing on price that one of them might compete with flavour? You know... the reason we go out for food isn't just sustenance. It's to enjoy the flavours. So buy some! BYOB
1	One of those cold Montreal nights where we froze ourselves to death at the Snow Village, so we felt like eating polish on Prince Arthur. Unfortunately, Mazurka closed, as many restaurants on Prince Arthur, so we chose to go to the first restaurant in sight - la Caverne Grecque. First of all, this is why I am giving a one star - it was really cold in the restaurant. Unpleasantly cold.We wanted a hot chicken soup as soon as possible to warm ourselves up - it came within a minute we had placed our order, so we knew it was sitting on the stove all day... it was bland and warmish, not what we expected, and the weird taste made us think it was loaded with msg.The chicken and the lamb were okay, really nothing amazing. Our problem was with the potatoes, veggies and rice. Bland. No taste. If your chef does not believe in seasoning, please just please at least use some salt.The restaurant does have potential. But it seems to me that the whole Prince Arthur area is slowly dying, so I won't recommend it.
1	Absolutely Disgusting.The salads were so soaked with some kind of sour dressing that I had to pour it on another plate. The feta cheese tasted as though it had been soaked in something other then it's natural brine. Just frigging gross to even look at. I left feeling ill.
2	I wasn't impressed with the Greece cuisine really.  Would prefer other places, it wasn't what I expected.Don't want to share a negative feedback, But I won't be recommending it.
1	In a city full of amazing Greek food, there's really no excuse to go here, even if you're a tourist. This was probably the worst "Greek" food I've ever had the displeasure of eating in Montreal. The bread was stale and tasteless. The only good thing about the appetizer platter was the feta, and that's because there's no such thing as bad feta unless it's turned black. They even screwed up the tzatziki, which I didn't think was possible--it was sour and had no flavour but garlic. The salad had nothing greek about it--soggy iceberg lettuce and cabbage covered in some kind of sour vinaigrette. The main dish was two rubbery, tasteless roasted potatoes, some rice, some soggy steamed veggies straight out of a prison cafeteria (steamed carrots and green beans with a Greek meal?), and a steak. The steak was the one decent part of the meal, although my gf got the chicken entree and it tasted like charcoal and had the consistency of half-hardened cement. Finally, a cheesecake slice was the dessert (again, Greek?). It was tasty, but mostly because it was solid sugar and fat.Don't go here. Really. Eat at one of the 10,000 other Greek restos in this city. I guarantee you almost all of them will be better.
1	The food -if we may call it that- tasted like it was trown in a filty corner of the floor of the kitchen and then scooped back into your plate. I did not eat half of my dish. The atmosphere is as discusting as the food. Don't go there
1	By far the absolute worst restaurant in Montreal. Food tasted terrible and the service was cold and impersonal. Two of the four people in our group ended up vomiting when they got home. I would not recommend this place to my worst enemy.
