1	Hi please rape my wallet and then screw me over on customer service and delivery time.  So I ordered a custom white leather sectional from Bassett - I have other pieces from Bassett that were not custom and therefore I received immediately.  The quality is excellent but I AM REELING from my most recent experience here.When I ordered the sectional I paid by check in full up front and was told the order would be 6-8 weeks for delivery.  It has been ten weeks and I was just told it would be another two.  Not comfortable with this change in events I said I wanted to cancel my order.  They are apparently saying I cant cancel a custom order.  So what if it takes a year????  Am I still expected to keep waiting??  So I told April (who works as a sales person or something there)  that they should at least refund my shipping cost or do something to maintain this customer relationship.  She says 'Probably we won't do that, you will have to talk to Carla and we have great relationships with our customers' .  Oh really?  By doing this to them?  And btw Carla hasnt returned ANY of my phonecalls!!!  She said 'All custom orders take longer than 6-8 weeks'.  So I said 'Why did Kevin  (my salesperson) tell me that it would be 6-8 weeks then?  Is he new here?'  Of course the answer is that I was MISLEAD KNOWINGLY by the sales staff and once they got my check for nearly $5k they completely stopped concerning themselves with my order.  So yes I feel USED AND ABUSED but lesson learned...sigh.....Please be exceptionally careful with any Bassett store and NEVER BUY CUSTOM FURNITURE!!!!!!  I hate you Bassett!!!  (P.S. I will be honest and update this review if it comes sooner by some miracle from heaven or if they refund my shipping cost.)
2	Updating my review here....yes I FINALLY got the sectional...five weeks overdue. It is very nice and looks very pretty. The seats aren't as full as I would like, for instance when my cat walks across it he leaves little footprints that don't puff back up because it is under-filled. The company did refund my shipping cost which was very nice. The reason I was so mad about this experience was that I had to contact them REPEATEDLY to inquire why the wait was taking longer than necessary. If they had contacted me first as soon as they knew it was going to be an excessive wait I wouldn't have been so mad. But since I had to keep reaching out it really showed bad customer service on their part because it felt like once they got my money that didn't give a rat's butt on when I got it. This does not make me want to shop here again. EVER.
2	I went to this location on Memorial Day.  It took a good 10 minutes before someone from the back came out to assist me.  The sales lady was cheerful, knowledgeable and willing to help me purchase.  However, I felt like I was not really welcome in the store.  I will make one additional trip to give the store a second look.  After that it will be a complete wrap for me.
1	We bought our master king bedroom set with a mattress ( over 6k spent in this store) from the Bassett store in Concord. Had a pleasant experience with Donna, the sales person/interior designer. We paid in full. We were told delivery would be in one truck. To anticipate the 8AM delivery, we emptied the master bedroom and even got rid of our old mattress. Delivery was on time yet missing ONE BIG ITEM...the king mattress!! We called Bassett and spoke to April G. Instead of working towards a plan to help us she blatantly told us two lies. First excuse, there was no room on the truck. Second excuse, "you were notified your delivery would be a partial delivery today" and that Saturday your mattress would come. Surprisingly, we both work Saturday so how in the world would we have scheduled a delivery that day. The part that really upsets us is not the poor planning, but how obnoxious, rude, and condescending April G. was. Therefore, Bassett furniture has lost a costumer for life and we will tell everyone we know of this HORRIBLE experience!!!!!!!!!!!!!! DON'T SHOP HERE!!!!!--from Rost and Bianca from Huntersville, NC
4	"Our salesperson (Tina) was very patient and never gave us a feeling of being rushed to buy the item. She also took the time to explain all of the features of each item we viewed with a demonstration. She was very through."  The chair was delivered as we were promised on both occasions almost to the minute (they were a little early).
