5	Fun, unique gifts and accessories of all sorts. Jewelry, sunglasses, handbags, knick knacks and much more.
4	Cute boutique shop on State Street - they have the display down to an art form. My favorites are always the accessories but sometimes they have cute novelty items as well. Good for gifts for your girlfriend.
4	I go to this store every time I pass through Madison.  It's a great place for gifts...they have everything you want and do no need, and sometimes never knew existed.In the past I've bought many gifts including salt and pepper shakers in Venetian glass and oil cloth baby bibs.  Just last week I walked in to see tons of cute handbags and diaper bags, gardening tools fit for a museum (salad tongs too), and retro reading glasses.If I cannot think of a wedding gift and I'm passing through Madison, this is where I will go.
5	I hate this store, on the outside it looks like something I'd prefer to pass up since I don't really "need" anything from here.  But then I go inside and come out a few hundred dollars poorer.  They have the coolest accessories and home decorating items.  I feel in love with these damn tiles they have and need to buy every one for my kitchen.  Things are very unique and special that I haven't seen other places.
4	I love this store, but I've only purchased something there once.  My ex-boyfriend needed a gift for his sister and I went and picked up a beautiful scarf for her there.  She loved it, he came out smelling like a rose, and I am the secret hero.  Woohoo!It's a great place to browse for things you would like, but don't need (hence its namesake).  Everything is a touch overpriced, so I can never justify getting anything when I stop in.  Someday, though.  Someday.
5	FYI... this place just moved to 230 State Street. Somehow I missed the move and was horrified that it appeared to have closed. Thankfully it only moved, making it continuously easy to get gifts.
5	One of my favorite place to shop on State Street. In particular for sunglasses, bags, and other gifts for my friends. (and for myself)  Little Luxuries includes novelty items as well as a nice array of jewelery and well crafted bags and home decorating items. (including a laptop case that I bought 3 years ago and STILL get compliments)  I would describe tihis store as Pop Deluxe with slightly more useful things.. but not THAT much more useful.
5	This is a must stop for me when I am in Madison. I have been a fan of it since the late 80s, when I lived there. I once stacked a silk tweed scarf for several years before it became reduced in price - I now own it! I first discovered The Thymes there about 10 years ago. I panicked last summer when I thought it had closed, now I know it's where the Puzzlebox used to be. Another old favorite, now gone. Ah, Madison!
4	Great place for special gifts and trinkets for yourself, your home etc.  I love their selection of hair accessories--from headbands to sparkling jeweled pins.  Another fun find were erasers imported from Japan for about $1 a piece.  Yes, little animal, hamburger, and fries eraser.
5	I stop here every time I go shopping on State Street.  They have a terrific selection of handbags and totes.  The Lug Travel line is a favorite of mine, and the prices at Little Luxuries are comprable with ones on the internet for these bags.  They also have a lot of colorful, eco-friendly reusable very portable shopping bags.  There are always a bunch of cute hair accessories on display, along with unique gifts for children (with vintage flair) and home items. If you need a tin robot, new headband, sunglasses, a necklace to go with your date-night outfit, lavender hand lotion, an art glass switchplate for the kitchen or a sake set, this place has it.   A Madison original, I love going to shop at Little Luxuries.  I just wish I could afford to do so for myself, rather than just for gifts.
3	Amazing little store, great inventory. Sometimes gets crowded. My only complaint is that I've never bought anything there because it is rather pricey. But it would be a great place to find a unique gift.
3	They do have some cute stuff here, but it is VERY pricey.  I've gotten some cute sunglasses and hair accessories, but I also paid quite a bit for a vacuum thermos that started leaking when I poured only a couple of weeks after I bought it.  For what they charge for their stuff, it should be better-made than that.
5	Strolling down Madison's state street for the first time, I was looking for places to shop after I found a place for lunch.  Little Luxuries' name and design caught my eye and I made a point to check out the store after my stomach was content.  This store is well named! It has a lot of cute accessories that you don't necessarily need but want.  It's a small shop but holds a lot of goodies.  Some items are pricey but I wouldn't say everything is.  It's a great place to get special/unique gifts that the gift recipient would really like! Even though state street has a lot of little shops, this one stands out in my mind. I loved this store and will definitely go back.. if i ever make another trip to madison.
5	Over the past couple of years, I have been in here a few times for gifts. A few things I like about Little Luxuries: free giftwrapping, nice selection of colorful stainless steel water bottles, excellent cards, and cute sunglasses for $10.
5	Other reviewers have done a great job at giving kudos to this lovely, charming, upscale, gift shop.I LOVE La Vie Parisienne earrings! Don't stop carrying them.  They are the item that I hold out for myself as a reward! Nothing like pining after sparkly earrings and then strolling down to get them on a Friday afternoon to wear out that night :)
5	I love this shop. They have a great selection. I always find the prettiest, most perfect handbags, accessories, books, and other items. I got a purse hanger and business card holder that match and get me a lot of compliments (and strange looks). They also carry some really cute and unique lines of handbags that I love, including po campo out of Chicago and another one I can't remember the name of. If I were a local I would come here for all my gift needs, both for me and for other people!
5	Jackpot! I found so many great gifts at this store. They have a stylish selection of hair accessories, wallets, bags, mugs, plates, gadgets, kids-ware, books, gift paper, pillows and hats, among other items.Located along State Street - the main shopping strip of downtown Madison, near the University of Wisconsin.
5	I love this place! I go there when I go to State Street. Great place for small gifts or just to go and look at things--eye candy!
4	There is a LOT of stuff in this store - it's a good place to visit if you're looking for an interesting gift. Everything from accessories, jewelry, kitchen items, and keepsake-type things, and more is very well organized. One of my favorite things at this store are the Christmas ornaments that appear in early winter - my family gives ornaments as a tradition, and I've had a lot of luck finding interesting picks for everyone's personality here.
4	Little Luxuries has been a go-to place for pretty things since I was in high school (and it was in its old, smaller location). Pretty bits of this and that from jewelry to hair bobbles to kids stuff to vintage reproductions - just a lot of pretty in one place. A gift shop at its best!
4	Finding clever gifts are always so tough. This place has the coolest, super odd, quirky things that can please even that weird cousin you have when you just don't know what to get her. I stumbled across this store while killing time, and walked out with an armful of gifts for friends. There are sort of "themes" around the store. You've got a section for kids, design-y people, geeks, women, the lot. Just find a theme and go with it.
5	Where else could I find "Magnetic Poetry - Bacon Edition" ?!  This is a fun little shop where you can find great stuff for that hard-to-shop-for family member (yeah, you know who you are...).  It's the sort of place where you can walk in with that "I have noooo idea what to get so-and-so" and walk out with just what you didn't even know you wanted.  And that's a good thing.
5	Little Luxuries is an ADHD person's worst nightmare. And I say this with the best of intentions. COLORS! SHAPES!THINGS!There's so much to look at, so much to see, and luckily it's organized really well into sections with like items that make sense. (Can you imagine if everything was haphazardly placed? You'd probably find me rocking in a corner muttering something to myself on repeat overwhelmed with the sheer volume of options.) But not the case! Every time I've been things are easy to navigate. And it's a blast just to scroll through their current inventory without any agenda. I've found so many quirky gifts for so many people in my life. Among my faves are the books and journals. They carry (and hope they do forever) a journal titled "Listography." It's such an off the wall way of putting pen to paper and making zany lists about anything and everything. There are writing prompts on ever page a la the SAT, just much more fun and perfect for someone with a creative mind meant for doodling ideas. If you have no idea where to start ask for help. They know their stock well and can make strong recommendations based on feedback from you. Gift wrapping is an extra nice touch and always much better than I would do. So yeah, while at first glance it can look a little schizophrenic, I promise there's order to the madness. Delightfully locally owned and operated order.
5	Little Luxuries is the perfect shop to buy all those eccentric things you may not necessarily need, but you know they'll put a smile on your face everyday. It's nice to buy something every once in a while that's not cheap and boring from Wal-Mart. From head massagers, "redneck" drinking glasses, to a solar-powered waving Queen Elizabeth figurine, there's something for everyone. Time flies when you're in there as you have a hard time not touching everything. It's fun just to listen to the other customers repeat "OH MY GOD!" "That's so funny!," and/or "I need this!!" I bet you (like me) would have a hard time not saying those things.
5	This is a great shop to find unique gifts for all your loved ones. They offer everything from witty little books ("Nuns Having Fun", "I Could Pee On This and Other Poems By Cats", and "Wine Makes Mommy Clever"), trendy handbags and wallets, stylish reading glasses, cold weather accessories, serious cookbooks, kids toys and just in time for the holidays: colorful ornaments. You could spend hours and thousands of dollars in this postage stamp-sized store. A fun place to spend your time and money. Pick up a little something for yourself while you are at it!
5	J'ADORE.Little Luxuries (L squared) is a lost gift giver's beacon in the storm. Without fail I've gone there around the holidays for the last four years hoping to find something to give the difficult-to-buy-fors in my family. Luckily, they have a little something for everyone.My favorites? The cool hand-crafted jewelry (sorry, Mom, for all the earrings. I can't resist) and the punny cards. If sappy Hallmark stuff isn't your thing you'll probably have luck finding an ironic joke card on their wall.
5	Love, love, love Little Luxuries!  I stop in whenever I'm in Madison.  Wonderful little gifts and fun kitchen gadgets.  I have bought several wallets and handbags--they have a small but fantastic selection.  I have bought a lot of hair accessories.  They have these great French hair clips; they are beautiful as well as study.  Expensive but worth the price.  One recently broke (highly unusual) and they replaced it without question which I really appreciated given that I spend a lot on the clips.
5	I looooovvvvvvvvveeee Little Luxuries.  This place has it all! Sunglasses, headbands, books, glassware, notebooks, jewelry, bags, wallets, scarves, umbrellas, games, aromatherapy spray, candles...etc.Go here if you want to do all of your holiday shopping.  It has definitely saved me when I was desperate need of a gift.  It can satisfy everyone's taste.  The staff here is always pleasant and it is nice to see a cool shop like this still on State St. when everything else in that location seems to be shifting more mainstream.
