4	This location might be considered a bit outside of usual walking distance for a "quick lunch" for others in my building. However, on a nice day like today, and when I'm wearing my comfortable shoes, I love talking a walk down Washington to visit Paradise Bakery. I know that many folks are anti-chain and although Paradise is a chain restaurant, their service and food have always been consistently good in my experience. I can always count on high quality, fresh ingredients, a great iced tea, and the PERFECT chocolate chip cookie. I have never been disappointed by any meal at any Paradise Bakery. P.S. Their pesto is to-die-for!! My favorite lunches include the Greek Salad, Blue Cheese Salad, BBQ Chicken Salad, Tuscan Chicken Sandwich, Roast Beef Sandwich, and the Thai Wrap. I also like the small salad and 1/2 sandwich combo. Oh, and the Fire Roasted Tomato soup . . . very yummy!! I could go on and on . . . A note about the salad, they are very generous with their dressing so I usually get it on the side. Today I had to wait a little bit longer than normal, but it was the beginning of the downtown lunch rush, so wait times are to be expected. Each person I interacted with was very friendly (salad assembler, sandwich artist, and cashier). In short, I'm a fan of Paradise Bakery!
4	Friendly staff!
4	It's nice, like most Paradise Bakeries. Parking anywhere in the area sucks though.
1	Second Paradise Bakery I've been to with same problem.  24th street and Camelback in Phoenix is this one.  Ladies' rest room had no toilet paper, seat covers, soap or towels.  Reported it to manager.  (I always have "supplies" in my jacket.  He said they check it every 1/2 hour.  DOUBT that all these supplies would be used up in 1/2 hour.  Cannot give it any stars.  I HAD to give it a star, according to your rules, but it deserves NONE.
1	The staff at this location are more than a little helpless. They don't know how to ring up purchases, don't properly order your food and are less than friendly. I was there for lunch just now and was shocked by the lack of service. My friend ordered mac and cheese with her salad and had to ask three different times about the mac and cheese to no avail. The mac and cheese finally came out about fifteen minutes later! That's just crazy.When checking out, the cashier did not know how to ring up our food and was unable to locate the appropriate icons for the food. And we didn't order anything special or extraordinary... everything we ordered was straight off the menu without modifications.To top it off, the location is a little out of the way if you work downtown, and the interior is cramped and poorly laid out. Don't expect this to be a quick lunch stop... the line moves slow and the staff even slower.The only person in the entire restaurant that knew what was going on was a nice man named Brian. He was the one that had to help the cashier figure out how to ring up the food and personally made our mac and cheese. Without him we might have perished for waiting. He should get a promotion to trainer! Excellent customer service and attitude. He even offered us free cookies for the wait! Paradise Bakery is moderate food to begin with, but pair it with the poor service and mediocre location and that food becomes overpriced nonsense. There is obviously an issue with poor management, otherwise this wouldn't be happening. This location really needs to work on properly training their staff and improving the efficiency of the "line."Until they do, they get one VERY GENEROUS, nay, yelp protocol obligatory, star.
3	It's okay! I would prefer breakfast club but it's a great place to get a quick bite! But it's very confusing to order. It is a healthy choice tho
