4	My friends and I have been excited for a true sports bar to open up on Mill so we checked out Blondies on Friday during their soft opening. They were serving food and drinks so we ordered a round of drinks and took a look at the menu. I was happy to see a wide variety of food including boneless wings, pizzas, and sandwiches. The boneless wings were good and the medium wing sauce still had a kick to it and was slightly sweet. I can handle a lot of spice and the hot sauce was pretty spicy to me, also with a slightly sweet taste to it. The regular french fries were below average to me but the curly fries were fantastic. The beers are cheap - three dollars for domestics and four dollars for imports. They also have a mysterious asu brew on tap which is always two dollars (we were pretty sure it was bud light). Liquor is very expensive - nine dollars for a drink - so I recommend ordering beer. Since I am not a beer drinker I was disappointed when I got the bill and saw my drink was nine dollars.  The service was great and while the decor is minimal it is a huge step up from the library. There are plenty of tv's inside and my only other criticism is there aren't any tv's on the patio yet. I went back here on Sunday to watch some NFL games and had the same great service and pretty decent quality bar food.
2	As a replacement for the Library bar, this place is bad. Poor service rven when it is not busy, however the ladies whom may or not be blonde are typically ASU attractive. Food, on two occasions is bland. Ceasar chicken wrap, the deep fried breading tasted like the oil was old, they just slap some small chunks of chicken on a tortilla, add some tasteless dressing and serve. The hot wings are anything but.
2	I don't get it.... Is this supposed to be like the library or what? 'cuz all I see is guys working here...  Boring place, no character.  If you want to watch sports, there are better places nearby.
5	This place is an excellent replacement of the library! The prices and drink specials are good and there is plenty of room to not feel really crowded during the big events. The specials are always great and cheap which means its a good spot to enjoy the ufc fights or basketball games without breaking the bank! The food is good for bar food and the overall atmosphere is typical to any sports bar but a greatly needed addition to the line up of bars on Mill Ave. The staff is great and eager to please all of the people at the table. Even when its really busy I did not feel lost in the shuffle which seems to happen at BWW or the other alternatives in the area. Can not forget to mention our hot female waitress brittney in her cheer-leading outfit who was always smiling and ready to steer my group in the right direction drink and food wise! I had wings but there was a good mix of food orders from my friends and there were no vocal complaints with anything and everything looked well made. As a whole the experience was what made the bar a good starting spot for me and my friends over the weekend, the prices and service will get me in there again this semester.
3	50 cent beers and $1 yager bombs on Tue, can't go wrong.  Great location on the corner.
1	This place is bad.  It's hard to tell what the underlying issue is, I would guess poor management, inexperienced ownership, and bad training to start.   Credit cards get mysteriously lost then returned at the end of the night.  Days later erroneous charges appear on statments.  Bouncers act like they're the keepers of the keg cup at a frat party and are overly aggressive.As bad as The Library was, this place is much worse.
1	This place is a total disaster. I ended up moving to a new apartment on Easter, so I took my friends to Mill Ave for some eats and drinks after we finished moving. Saw Blondies, with their "2-for-1 IPA" sign on the sidewalk, and stupidly decided to try it.We walked in and were not greeted until we're halfway inside the big restaurant. Pretty blonde in cheerleader costume finally told us to sit anywhere. We asked about the patio but were told there's not enough room for six there. We pushed two tables together and sat down inside. The cheerleader was nice enough to tell us that she'd put on any game we wanted on the big TVs.After five minutes, the cheerleader came back and took our drink orders - three beers and three sodas. We waited ten minutes for the beers to arrive, and they're in cheesy little plastic cups, in contrast to the pint glasses I can see guys drinking from at the bar. Whatever. Ten more minutes go by until the sodas arrived. The cheerleader never bothered to ask us, after twenty minutes, if we'd actually like to order some food.We asked for a manager, but there was none on duty. Granted, it was Easter, but if you're going to be open, shouldn't there be some kind of management? Anyway, we told the bartender at the patio our problems. She comped us the sodas and one of the beers. We paid for the two IPAs and went across the intersection to Gordon Biersch, where we received superior service and drank better beer.Blondies? Never, ever again.
2	Almost like a wanna-be club.  Um... it's a sports bar.  Pick a genre people.Service = terrible.  Drinks = goodSpace = good
5	Went for fight night. Great deal! Great atmosphere! Cheerleaders were very helpful and we had a ton of fun.  Definitely be back soon!  Btw Wings were amazing!!
3	Never knew how big the place was. Seems like an awesome place for sporting events. I didn't get any drinks, but the specials appear good. It was freaking dead in there, but I want to try and go on a busy night for further review.
1	Back in the day, this used to be The Library. I never thought I'd say this anywhere near a college campus again, but I wish I was back at The Library, because this place sucks.I was out milling about on Mill Ave, and while we were trying to find our next stop, we walked by the open door and empty bar. The guy at the door was enticing us with $4 Long Islands and $2 shots. I can see why....no one wants to come in here. It's lame.You see, back when it was The Library, this place had attractive bartenders dressed as....librarians (skirts and all). A magical place, where you could have a great time. Then it started getting played out, and eventually closed.Now, it's Blondies....it's just a run of the mill (get it?) bar with average drinks, a great location, no TV's, turrible music and a pathetic crowd. There's no theme, it's disgusting, and the ghetto crowd in the back playing Beer Pong was lame.They didn't even have red/blue party cups. They were using cheap plastic tumblers for Beer Pong. Isn't that illegal?I've been complaining for a while, so you are probably thinking, "Dave, why didn't you just leave?" The night was winding down, we were kind of tired, and we just wanted to chill. Afterall, there were plenty of places to sit, since hardly anyone was in here. And yes, I know it's summer and school is out. That didn't stop other places from having a crowd. Just sayin. Just sayin....I'm most likely not coming back. Unless it's on a bar crawl, and we need a place to have another drink.
2	I hate giving places such horrendous reviews, but each and everyone deserves it -- they honestly do not seem to care about customers or their satisfaction.I am giving this place 2 stars instead of 1, simply because they play all the UFC PPV's and only charge a cover for the huge profile events.  They also have an enormous amount of giant TV's. Yah for that!Now the negatives:1) My friend ordered a Guacamole burger, cooked medium (he even made sure to state the Guacamole part firstly and lastly) - they forgot the guacamole and it was cooked to a rubber crisp. Couldn't get ahold of our waiter to fix it. 2) I got garlic fries (which I have ordered from this waitress before), and they came out with the wrong variety of fries! The menu even states shoe string and not curly fries.  When I asked about the curly fries, she lied DIRECTLY to my face and said that they have ALWAYS used curly fries. WTF, seriously?! Shady crossed eyed woman.3) They stopped carrying Guinness on draft (which was unknown to me). I ordered one expecting draft, but the waiter brought out a can with a WARM glass fresh from the washer.  Thanks for telling me it was in a can before hand, NOT, and thanks for the piss warm glass to pour my non-draft Guinness in, NOT!4) Just to keep this rant to a minimun, here is the last thing.  My friend  tipped $X.XX amount for the bill.  He just checked out his credit card statement and guess what, THE WAITER CHANGED WHAT HE TIPPED AND FILLED OUT AN AMOUNT SHE WANTED.  I hope this place burns. I rather see another crummy McDonalds here than a place that commits CREDIT CARD FRAUD.That felt good to get out of my system and keep this in mind the next time you decided to try and visit this place.  Check those credit card charges from this place, they are criminals.
4	Cheap beer on Saturdays and Sundays. The waitresses are cute. The chicken wings are pretty good. Good place to watch the football games on Sunday and drink a few cold ones.
1	The only thing they are good for are for their curly fries.
1	We were in town for the Fiesta Bowl and went to Tempe for the block party on NYE. We went to Blondies. Bad idea. Terrible, aggressive bouncers. We were having a great time drinking/dancing with our friends until a bouncer with an attitude went on a power trip. After being completely unhelpful in finding a lost cell phone: 3-4 people in our group of 12 asked him if there was a lost and found or if he could help with his flashlight. Evidently, I was one of the last to ask him for help about the issue (I didn't know my friends had already asked for his help) and he proceeded to tell me that he's already had 10 people ask about the phone and it was clear he was very annoyed to be bothered on his little stool overlooking the crowd. So, we finally found the phone and one of the girls was upset at how he acted to her 55 year old mother in law, herself, and everyone else so she told him he was rude/unhelpful. She may have been upset, but she wasn't out of control - she's 95 lbs for crying out loud, she's not going to hurt anyone. He threw her out and had another bouncer help him. Completely unnecessary. Then, after he saw me talking about the situation, he got in my face and accused me of saying profanities to him saying he could "read lips". Ummm...evidently not because I didn't say that. Nice try though. Basically, he was on a huge power trip, getting in women's faces to try and be intimidating. Congratulations dude. You're real cool yelling at women and you cost your employer plenty of business. Hope your manager reads this.
1	My boyfriend and I went to happy hour on Sunday. They had great deals, and we were excited to try something new. I had a long island, and he got a beer that he had never tried before. It was obvious that he did not like the beer, since he asked me to finish it. The bartender came by, and double checked to make sure everything was ok. When he told her he did not like the beer, she was gracious enough to let him order another drink on the house. She was very kind, and friendly with this situation. We were both really appreciative and wanted to convey our positive experience to the manager. I told the manager that we were having a great experience and really enjoyed our time. He then proceeded to role his eyes, walk away, and yelled "Did she pay you to say that"! UNACCEPTABLE!!!! I was astonished at how rude he was when I was trying to give him a compliment. I have tried reaching the store owner/general manager with this complaint. I will never give them any of my business every again.
2	Came here in 2011 and they had a 50 cent beer special on Tues.  Stop by again this year during Spring Training on Tues, it was empty because the special was over.
5	First off, this is a GREAT LOCATION!Second: NO COVER CHARGE!Third: Pool table, beer pong table, and great music inside.Fourth: HUGE SPACE with lots of tables.Fifth: TWO BARS, one at front and one in back. That's already FIVE STARS in my book! But hold up, we are chilling at the bar in the back and there's also an outside PATIO! PLUS PLUS PLUS!!! Loved it!We were helped immediately by the bartenders in the back: Tony & Kristin (both were EXCELLENT)Tony sure knew how to start the conversation especially cuz the BF had on his SJ SHARKS jersey cuz we were in Arizona ONLY to watch the Sharks play against the Coyotes. We got our conversation going there and ever since, had nothing but GREAT SERVICE after that. They were very attentive both Tony & Kristin. I ordered the two dozen wings with half honey sesame and half medium spicy. They were so delicious! It's making my mouth water right now as I type. They know how to make their chicken wings! (AS ADVERTISED) on their menu. The BF had the Long Island and he really enjoyed it especially because it was the SPECIAL for only $4!! You can't go wrong with a price like that! They also had other beers and well for $2, $3. SOOOO AFFORADABLE especially if you are a college student. I would definitely recommend coming here! Also, Tony is super fast! He is "THE BEST" bar tender I've seen. With so many customers at the bar, he manages them all and gets them their drink immediately. I've never seen a bartender quicker than Tony and he remembers everyone's drinks!! PLUS ONE STAR FOR THAT but I only can give five stars! I would DEFINITELY be back to Blondies if I ever come back to Arizona, but I heard there's one in Vegas too. Guess I'm hitting Blondie's up in Vegas!!!!
1	Walked in today (during the Tempe Arts Fest) and about 3/4 of the tables were full with hardly anyone at the bar(s) . This should have been our first indication that this place isn't very good. Every other establishment around it was packed to the gills. We walked up to the hostess station and were told to sit anywhere we wanted. We found a table near the back bar. Right in between two kitchen entrances....and we waited....and waited......and waited. Nothing, nada, zip. None of the employees or bartenders that made eye contact with us acknowledged our party of 4 so we left after about 10 minutes.There were a couple of other reasons that we left. The decor is garbage, the smell was awful and the table felt like it had been wiped down with maple syrup. Actually, now that I think about it, the staff probably did us a favor by ignoring us. Thanks!
2	Food is crapy.  If you like MMA fights are usually free and they have decent HH prices even on fight nights.
2	Disappointed.  Came to watch football here on a Sunday morning.  We entered to find sticky tables (that we had to wipe off ourselves), and a very sparse clientele.  We ordered food, which took a very long time to arrive despite the small crowd, and when it arrived it definitely wasn't anything special.   It was warm in there (was the ac on?), and service was sketchy.  Whenever we needed something, we had to track them down instead of them checking in on us.  Will probably find a new spot to watch the game.
3	This place is now closed. 10/28/12I am still not completely sure how I feel about Blondie's. It's been the same type of bar for as long as I've lived here (5 years)- despite what the name was. It used to be called The Library and had skinny, cute or outgoing girls wearing skimpy outfits. It never really had too much class, but had a large seating area and a bunch of TV's. They also have events, a decent kitchen and happy hours, so it wasn't bad, but the staff just never seems very genuine. You don't feel like they want to be there or you're not completely sure you want to be there either. When Blondie's first opened, I wasn't impressed. Their walls were bare and the bartenders had attitudes. Granted they have been on Mill for much longer now, I gave them another chance. They had much more ASU apparel, TV's and looked more like a fun Sun Devil clubhouse. I went during an ASU home football game and they had the game on every TV. It was nice. But the place was loaded packed and took forever to get drinks. There was no where to sit. But standing was ok for a little while, until we decided to go onto another bar. I'd go back to Blondie's, but like I mentioned I'm still not completely sold. Mill Ave has had a few new quality bars open up recently and the existing bars surrounding the Mill Ave District should step it up and make Tempe a prime destination again. We all know Mill Ave has had its ups and downs, but ASU deserves bar after bar of fun times with exciting places to make memories.
3	Like anyone else with good taste, I think this place was better when it was called "The Library". IDK when their specials are, but the first jager bomb was $2 on a Tuesday night, and I'll love them forever just on that alone. There's plenty of space to sit throughout the bar, a restroom attendant, and usually a DJ.It reminds me of sports bars you find everywhere in Glendale, just with a younger crowd.
1	Well where to start!.  We came to watch some of the Sunday's Games.  We sat down, no one recognized that we had even come into the bar until we called the girl, over to see if we could order some food and drinks.  That took about 10 minutes.  We ordered a round of drinks, while we were deciding what to order.  My husband and his buddy ordered a pitcher or beer, I ordered a Sangria, and my friend ordered something.  The gal came back with the beer, and 4 glasses, even though I ordered a sangria.  As she was pulling the glasses apart, one broke.  and there was a big chunk of glass that feel under my foot.  She took the broken glass away, and I thought she was coming back to clean up the rest, but NO.  I picked up the big chunk that was on the floor, and when she came back I had to tell her to bring a broom with her to clean up the shards of glass that were left on the floor!  My Sangria came, it had 8 Marachino Cherries in it, 1 lemon 1/2 a lime. I didnt realize I had ordered Fruit Salad.  My friend ordered something that tasted like Robatusin!.  Gross.  The bartender also made an extra drink that they didnt know what to do with, so they just gave it to us!.  We ordered the Football Hamburger Special.  $5.00.  The Hamburger was mediocre at best!.  And I got 10 steak fries!  My friend, got 6!  Wow!  I dont know if the waitress is to blame for just being young and inexperienced, or if it is Blondies fault for not training her properly.  And the Bartender, well dont know what to say.  Other than, we wont be going back there any time soon!
3	Everytime I've been here for drinking purposes, it seems to be really packed around the bar.  It wouldn't be an issue if the bar staff could keep up with it.  As a customer it's annoying to see 4 people behind the bar but only tow of them are serving drinks.  I've been here on other occasions to eat.  Food was hit or miss.  One thing that paticularly stands out was the garlic parmesan wings.  I didn't order them, but a friend who had didn't like them and she gave them to me.Apparently despite being in the Phoenix Metro area this is not a Cardinals bar.  I didn't realize this until I was there for football and bloody mary's with the Cardnials game directly behind my friend on the TV, but the audio over the speakers was a different game.  I'm not sure why I'm still seeing ads promoting them as they supposedly closed the following week after I was there for an event.
1	Place is a disaster. My brother, dad, and I were walking around at noon during ASU's homecoming festivities. In the middle of the day they have a bouncer at the door checking ID's. I just laughed when he asked for my ID because I thought it was a joke and he just let me walk right past him, it was weird. Why would they only let 21 over in a sports bar in the middle of the day on one of the busiest days on mill all year?Once inside we had no one greeting us so we just sat at the first table we saw. They had a few tv's that were all on soccer games which seemed odd for a college football town on a Saturday, and 50 feet from a college football stadium.  There were also a bunch of neon signs on the wall with just the cords hanging down from them not plugged in or anything, it looked like they tried moving in and opening that morning.After about 5 minutes a waitress came and asked if we wanted to order anything. We asked for menus and she said, "We don't have any". We all laughed at the absurdity of it and she said,"I'll be your menu". So we asked her what kind of foods they had, to which she started sarcastically listing off foods, "We have wings, 6,12,24; we have burgers; fries...." We interrupted her and just asked for 3 burgers and 3 bud lights. After 15 minutes of sitting there with no beer or burgers or acknowledgment from anyone, we just got up and left. Horrible management and it's clear this place won't be around for long. Hopefully the next place and ownership will be worth giving another try.
