5	This place is great!  Every time I'm in town, I go here for a few beers and a good time.  It's basically the Cheers of Pittsburgh...This place used to be a really run-down, shady bar that was well-known for the rough characters that would frequent it.  It was shut down by the city (or maybe the previous owners left, who knows) and a new family - The Hough's - opened it back up after major renovations and improvements.I cannot say enough about the family who runs the place (Barb is amazing, so nice and a great smile!) and the bartenders (Kevin is the man!)  The beer selection is incredible...microbrews, Belgian ales, imports, seasonals, PA craft beers.  Likewise, the specials run every day but Sunday and are great.  They just recently changed their food menu so make sure to take a look at that.  The most I have ever ordered was the grilled cheese sandwich (AMAZING!) which comes with fries, but I have seen more complex dishes that looked rather good for a bar.  Better yet, the prices for food and drinks are all very reasonable, the bathrooms are clean and the place is very comfortable - no more hot, humid bars for me (one of the things I hate the most)!If you're looking for a friendly, inexpensive and comfortable place to grab a few beers or maybe a bite to eat - this is definitely the place to go!  They even have a board where they post pictures of all the regulars - I mean, how much better can you get?PS - If you want to play darts, its super cheap, check them out too!
5	Great local bar. Awesome beer selection and a good crowd.
5	This place is awesome.  They have a great beer selection, the food is just right, and the staff is super nice.Definitely consider going to Hough's if you are in the area.
3	I went here last Friday night as bunch of my friends wanted to hang out and partake in their special of the evening: $3 seasonal beers!  Their selection of beer is outstanding, their website says they have over 220 bottled beers and boy I believe it; the list was 4 pages long.  I also just learned from their website that they have on draft Miller Lite, Yuengling and Guinness along with 5 other seasonal brews.  They also serve cocktails, but I didn't have one so I can't comment on them.When my husband and I arrived we each thought that we had interrupted a private party but we found our friends in the back corner and quickly joined them.  We didn't have enough seats for everyone and one of the servers was kind enough to bring us an extra chair.  We decided to order some food and I got the "Traditional Burger" for 4.99 and my husband got the "Benko Burger" for I think was 6.99,  each came with a side of fries or chips.   Our burgers were super dry (read: WELL done) but he couldn't really tell because his burger was covered in cheese and special chipotle sauce.  The chips where thick, hot, oily and salty and the fries were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  Service was slow but hey, it was a busy Friday night.The entire time we were there I couldn't relax because the lights were so bright!  I like my bars to have lighting so low if I drop something on the ground I won't be able to find.  Here, however, I was able to see everything in stark detail: the pristine wood floors, the shiny new bar, a noticeable lack of windows--which I normally wouldn't care about because I wouldn't be able to *see* them--and it gave me the feeling that I was in someone's bonus rooms.  You know, the room middle-aged men with too much money get to add onto their houses and pretend they have a bar by putting up neons, a projector with "the game" on, and a shuffle board off to the side.I recommend this place if you want to have access to a large selection of beers and don't care about ambiance and have already eaten dinner.Oh, and they just started having brunch on Sunday's 10am-2pm.  Mimosas will be served.
5	How I have never been to this bar until last week is beyond me. It's 0.1 miles away from home! So there is something good that came out of this Snowmageddon of 2010, at least for me ;)I was impressed by the huge beer selection they have, there are a few taps (5 or 6) and 3 huge fridges with bottled stuff at the end of the bar. Unlike some other places I've been to, here they print all the bottled beers in a menu; so it's easy to see what they have and made your pick. I've also tried an appetizer here, fried pirogies with sour cream, they were tasty but that's as far as I made it into the food menu (they do offer lunch, dunner and even brunch now)They also have darts and shuffleboard, and a big TV to watch Lakers games on. And if that's not enough, Fridays are $4 margaritas and they are huge. This Saturday they had a 21A beer tasting, Rogue tasting earlier this year. All in all, pretty amazing for a bar so close to home and the prices are obviously lower than Southside (and the crowd a ton more bearable)
3	Hough's Bar is another one of those neighborhood joints.  I can remember years ago when it was kind of rough at times.  It was closed and then bought out by another couple who upgraded the place.  My husband went here recently with his railfan buddies.I've been here a couple of times too.  As I recall, they pretty much have standard bar fare here.  It's mainly appetizers, sandwiches, and burgers.  The burgers here are pretty good.  They're mainly huge, half-pound behemoths, but for those of us with smaller appetites, they have a decent 1/4 lber.
4	The food you can probably make at home - it's pretty basic pub grub. I like going during the week when it's not so crowded. I've been there once on a weekend and it was too crowded for my liking. If you plan on going to see a Stillers or Pens game, go early or it's standing room only.They have great specials and an incredible beer selection. I was really excited to see the beer menu with descriptions and origins! I was going to give Hough's 3 stars but I threw in an extra one simply because they offer Samuel Smith's organic mixed berry!!!! And the bartenders have always been helpful and kind.BEWARE!! if you want a 6er to go, they charge by the bottle. A 6pk of that SS mixed berry set me $45 a bit pricey but so refreshing and so worth it.
4	great beer selection and shuffle board.
5	Hough's is one of the best beer bars in town.  HUGE selection of draft and bottled craft beer. Food is pretty good; wings and burgers are both above average.  Very clean inside.  Lots of big TVs on which to watch the game, including a projection screen.  Only basic cable broadcasts, though; I wish they'd spring for some cable packages so they could show a wider variety of games.  Exceedingly friendly owners who recognize and greet you once you've been a few times.  Highly recommended.
5	where to start with houghs? Great beer selection, great food (I would like a special menu with something not fried or dripping with grease,but it's good bar food), great atmosphere, great service. Every time we go here we are never disappointed. At least one of the owners is there and extremely friendly. I highly recommend the Chipotle Wings. The specials are list in the menu and on the big board on the wall. The beer specials are varied you depending on the night you can get a special on 22oz craft beers or the brewery of the month. Also, an important note, even the bathrooms are clean.  i can't say enough good things about this place. simply put you must experience Houghs for yourself.
4	Greenfield doesn't have a lot, but what it does have is a little gem called Hough's.As other reviewers have said, the beer list does not disappoint. The specials are fairly good and the staff is quite knowledgeable about the brews. The burgers are the best of their food fare and don't get me wrong they are quite delicious, however the rest of the food is standard and unimpressive. If you're going to Hough's, you're usually going for the atmosphere and the brews, not so much to have fantastic food.On the outside, Hough's doesn't look impressive, but inside it is quite spacious, clean, and has a nice atmosphere. This is one of my favorite bars in the city to watch Penguins games. Added bonus: this bar has a kickin' dartboard machine AND shuffleboard.
4	I had a great mushroom swiss burger... and they have some reasonable prices. overwhelming beer selection...
4	Any place that has not one but 2 hard ciders on TAP is a great place to visit in my book.  The beer selection is huge and even though I am not a beer drinker the people I usually go with are and they are always overwhelmed. Plus is keeps changing. I was just there and it looks like they are adding on another room which may or may not be a microbrewery room. There was no sign just equipment.  But if this is the case, they will just add to the HUGE beer selection. The food is typical bar food, but good and fairly priced. The wait staff is friendly, but I wonder sometimes if they need more staff. Wednesday they have wings for .40$. The wings are pretty good. I have had better but I have had much worse.  There are other specials too which I haven't checked out yet, but I hope to soon. The place is called a Sports bar and they do have several televisions and sports playing, but it is so much more. A great little place right in my neighborhood
4	From the outside you think Hough's is going to be totally smokey and gross inside, with nothing but Miller Lite on tap. You're a little scared by Hough's. Then, one day, you throw caution to the wind, and walk in. As a serious, collegiate beer drinker, you immediately fall in love. All you've wanted in a bar is here. A single tear falls to the floor.  How could I list all the things I love? I will pare it down to 10. First of all, it's family run, and they family is full of nice people. I mean, who wants to frequent an establishment run by a family full of jerks? Not me. They always swing by to chat me and hubby up, by name. Secondly, there is a wall of taps. Third, they have great prices, and there's always a special going on. Fourth, no smoke! Fifth, a wall of taps, Sixth, they have TVs with sports, but I wouldn't call it a "sports bar." Seventh, the interior is nice, and not at all cheap or worn-down. Eighth, Ninth, and Tenth (drum roll) wall o' taps!!
5	Love this place!  Their beer selection is amazing.  They boast 60+ taps and over 300 bottles of beer.  My bf is quite a beer snob, so this is a favorite of his. The bartenders have always been quick and very helpful with their suggestions on beers.  They clearly train there staff well b/c they can tell you most anything you would like to know about a new tap.The food is good but it's typical bar food.  Nothing that is so stellar I would need to call it out, but if you're going to drink some delicious brews you will have your pick of delicious munchies.This place does get packed for games, so if you're planning on catching one arrive early!  They are happy to accommodate groups.  We had my bf's last birthday party there, and the waitress was very helpful with concealing the cake in the back until it was time. :)I would not bring kids here.  It's too bar in my humble opinion.My one complaint about Hough's is the parking. It's street only, so if they're busy you're going to be driving around the neighborhood trying to find something.
1	Great beer selection.  That, however, is really their only good point. Service sucks, is never prompt.  Kitchen staff is incompetent.  God forbid you should order food on a busy night.  When you complain to management, they just ignore you. That's what happens when daddy gives his 20-something kids a business to run.  I've had issues there more than half the times I was there, and the last 2 times I ended up walking out. They've had all the second chances they deserve.
4	Just the facts:Beer selection over 300Spacious-two bars.Food is average.Beer selection alone makes this Greenfield beer haven worth a monthly trip.
4	Who would have guessed there is a beer garden in Greenfield. I came here on a Monday night to meet some friends and was expecting a total dive and was totally surprised. On the outside Hough's looks like any of the other bars in Greenfield, but as they say don't judge a place by its exterior. Hough's has 61 beers on tap and about another 100 in bottle selection. Pretty much you can find any type of beer to please any palate. And the beer was pretty cheap, most drafts were below $5! They also serve food. I didn't try any, but from what I saw it looked like decent bar food.I was surprised by how many people were there on a Monday night. No joke, Hough's was packed. It was tough to find an open bar stool so it makes me wonder how raging the place must be on a weekend. The only downside of the place is how bright the lighting is, I prefer bars to be a little darker, but then again I probably am just being picky. Being a new Greenfield resident I think I am going to spend a lot of time here.
5	I visit friends in Pittsburgh once a year and they always show me a great time in the city. One of the stops this time around was Hough's. This place was frikken great! First off, they had a great beer selection, both on tap and in bottles. Second, the food was fantastic as was the service. The menu is small but the food was all great and so was the price! I will definitely be stopping by this place again the next time I'm town!!
4	As far as Pittsburgh bars are concerned, Hough's is a gem amongst semi-precious stones.The draft and bottle selection is AWESOME.  This is the perfect place to go if you're interested in trying something new.  They even offer flights in addition to pints and growlers, so you can taste test your way through the draft list.Plus, there are plenty of tables.  AND they have a shuffle board.
5	Of all the neighborhood bars I've had living in seven different locations in Pittsburgh over the past 12 years, Hough's is by far my favorite.Here's why it's awesome:1.) Excellent beer selection.  I admit it, I'm a bit of a beer novice.  I stick to what I know - lagers, pilsners, and the occasional brown ale.  However, for real beer lovers, this is a great place.  I believe they have something in the range of 50-60 beers on TAP at any given time.  Not to mention the bottle selection.  Growlers to go if you're interested.2.) WANGZ.  Wednesday is wing night.  It's packed.  Why?  Because these wings are big, juicy, freshly made (you'll wait 10-15 min per order... warning clearly stated on the menu), and the sauces & dry dubs are A-MAH-ZING (that's for you, MH).3.) Buttered, toasted buns on all the sandwiches/burgers.  May seem like a trivial thing, but I tell you, when you chomp into a Chicken Cheese Steak and you get a burst of buttery toasted goodness, you'll know what I'm talkin' 'bout.One downside (which I won't even factor into my overall rating) is that they are closed on Sunday's (except Steeler Sundays, of course... they aren't uncivilized).  I feel like Hough's could really corner the Sunday afternoon breezy beer drinking occasion.  Eh, I guess bartenders can have days off too.PS - The chili also rocks.  Try it on their house-made chips.PPS - This review makes me want to run a few miles and eat a salad.
4	Selection of beer - hands down 5 stars!  I went to pick up what I thought was the food menu and realized it was a beer menu...ummm...AWESOME.  The food menu was smaller in size, this is how you know they mean beer business.  Also I expected it to be a lot smaller inside - but it was huge.  And it was done up real sleek inside - not ultra modern, more like casual modern but you can tell it's gotten a face lift recently.  When I had initially gotten there on a Friday around 6 PM it wasn't that crowded but fast forward to about 8 PM and every seat was filled (bar and tables).  I had the Benko Burger and I'd have to give it 2-3 stars.  I wasn't that impressed b/c although the accessories (aka toppings) were delish the burger meat itself was gritty and chewy so I didn't finish it.  I will say that the food is very affordable - I think the burger was $7.00 and it came with fries.  But if, no when I go back, I'll probably stay away from the burgers.I had a nut brown ale and a wheat beer and although I can't remember the breweries they were great.  I think I had the Franziskaner Wheat.  In any case, I think you really can't go wrong since they have so much of a selection.  If you truly are a beer fan you should definitely check out Hough's.
5	Hands down, best Reuben I've ever had. Good beer selection, friendly staff, TVs, darts and shuffleboard but most importantly no smoke! I'd definitely frequent if I wasn't just visiting from out of town.
5	Houghs flies under the radar in the Pittsburgh beer scene. Thankfully so, as I really didnt want to wade through crowds of pretentious yuppies in the Sharp Edge.They have a fantastic draft and bottle selection. A great redeeming quality is the ability to get sampler flights, which is awesome for trying new beers.They have a plethora of televisions for sports viewing, as well as large and small tables for either a personal setting or communal setting.I cannot comment on the food, but given what I have witness thus far, I will return.Stay thirsty my friends.
4	Beer selection is unprecedented in Pittsburgh, great draft list with about 50-60 beers, a lot of great microbrews.  Food is so-so at best.
4	I went here on Saturday to watch the Pens with boyfriend and another couple. Great place to watch the game. Several TV's and a giant wall projector PLUS they turn the sound on for the game! Woot! Maybe it was just because we were playing the Flyers, but everyone in Hough's was cheering and into the game which made the atmosphere awesome.On to the important things...Ridiculously awesome beer selection -- 50-60 on tap and hundreds of bottles which was, at first, quite overwhelming (oh the decision making!!) but I'm certainly not complaining.  I think this was just a fluke, but the taps weren't working on the first 2 beers my boyfriend ordered and on one of the beers our friend ordered. With so many choices it wasn't really a problem, but certainly worth noting.  Apps:: We started with Buffalo Chicken Dip which was A-mazing but I do wish the quality of the tortilla chips were a bit better... Seriously, not a big deal though. The dip more than made up for it.  We also ordered the Mac 'n Cheese Bites. They were okay... Entree:: I had the Chicken Cheesesteak with coleslaw as a side. Awesome, super delicious. I may have wolfed it in down in like 3 minutes... it happens. The chicken was sliced thin and all the cheese was nice and melted to perfection. Boyfriend had Benko Burger which he really enjoyed. The quality of the meat was great, very juicy and cooked just how he liked. The toppings were great as well. Fries were standard but yummy. Chipotle wings received a really good review as did another burger... I cannot remember for the life of me what specific type of burger our friend ordered but I do recall him saying it was really good. Overall, we will certainly be back to watch some Playoff Hockey and indulged in delicious food and beers very soon!
5	Had a birthday party here for about 20, and they did a fantastic job!  They had the table set up near the window looking into the adjacent Copper Kettle Brewery (part of the party was doing some brewing) and had a small table nearby with the appetizers we had ordered.  Service from the amazingly extensive beer menu was fast and often, despite the fact that the place was packed due to a Pen's playoff game.  We'll be back often!
1	Don't get me wrong, the beer selection is great and I love that you can get "samples" of maybe 3 oz. for about 1.75 before you pick a pint that you may hate.  BUT, and this is the reason I will go elsewhere next time...the overpriced food sucks and at least some of the waitstaff/management is sub-par.  I went early Sat. evening and got wings--garlic parm, greasy and tasteless.  Comes with 2--yes 2 celery pieces, and if u comment on that you will get 2 more pieces, ungraciously handed to you by a surly waiter who looked like he wanted to be anywhere but taking care of customers.  I don't think he smiled once the whole time I was there.  THEN....my meatball sub comes..3 tiny meatballs on a HALF of a hot dog--yes, not hoagie roll but a hot dog bun!  It looked like a kids meal!  Seriously, Subway's $5 footlong is a great deal compared to this!   At least I've never had bad service at Subway!  The manager( ?) came over and said, "I'm sorry you're not having a good time."  Well, to be honest, I was having a fine time, just terrible food!   When I pointed out the measly meatball sub, adding that the beer is great, but the food is less than, she said something like, "well yeah we are known for our beers, the kitchen is kinda secondary."  Ok then maybe you should charge alot less for your kinda secondary food!   Better yet, give it away! To add insult to injury, the bill comes, and instead of comping the sub, like a normal place would do (I took one bite!) they took 1/2 off.  I mean come on...do you want your 3.50 or do you want a satisfied customer who will come back and tell others how the management took good care of you?  So again I called the manager over, again she states (extremely passive aggressive, this one!), "I'm sorry you're not having a good time."  AGAIN, I'm not NOT having a good time, but this is ridiculous.  I didn't eat the sub, what I tasted was terrible, and it's obvious the food is not important here.   She ungraciously agreed to take off the 3.50 and she hopes we will try Hough's again.  Uh, I don't think so, not unless it's JUST for the beer.  But there are plenty of other places in Pittsburgh for great beer and bar food, and nice staff.  It's a shame, because I like to see local places make it, but I don't think you can do that with the kind of food and service I experienced.   Maybe it was an off night, but they were't too busy, it was about 6pm when we got there.  AND this is the second time I've been there, was actually giving it a second try after the first visit a couple of months ago where the small portions of appetizers were greasy and tasteless.  SO..there won't be a third strike!   If they make it on their beers, great, but I won't be supporting them anymore.  Shame.
4	5 stars for beer selection but 4 stars overall.  This place is large and accommodating for any size group.  They have a make your own beer shop in the back which we did not get to try and their food (only got grilled cheese) was good enough.  But, the real reason we were here is the beer!  Over 300 beers and at least 40 on tap.  The best part about it is they have a small glass size ranging from 2-3 bucks so you can get 2-3 beers to try and pay the same price for one pint!  Win!  I am definitely going back to this place when in town again.
1	I have never in my life dealt with such arrogant employees at any type of establishment. I've heard stories from friends and acquaintances about rude or lack of service and on one occasion I witnessed bartenders giving patrons attitude, but always giving the benefit of the doubt I thought maybe it was a bad night or whatever. Recently a few of my friends and i went for a couple of brews after work, it was around 1am. At 1:45 we ordered a round for last call but were informed that they already had last call. Thats odd, we were seated at the bar and none of us have a hearing impairment and it wasnt noisy. When my friend mentioned that no one heard it we were verbally assaulted (i wont go into detail, it was a rather lengthy exchange and recounting that night is making my blood boil) by the lovely female bartender. She also informed us that they are closing early because "we close when we want. If you don't like it leave and dont come back" we were told. And then one of the awesome male bartenders finely spoke up only to call one of his paying customers a prick because he said "fine. We wont."Yes, this is how they treat they're consumers. I dont care how many beers you boast, no establishment in the service industry has a right to treat their customers in this manner. Im ashamed to be the dutchess and i wont step foot in this place again. They've made it abundantly clear they dont care about returning customers.
3	The best beer selection in Pittsburgh and still nothing edible on the menu. Oh well, eat before you go.
4	I've been here several times for Steelers games and other contests. The place is spacious though you never know when it'll get crowded. I've been there on various game days when it was inexplicably empty. Lots of wood-panelling and you're never unable to see the many flat screens mounted around the restaurant. Patrons do get nice and loud when the Steelers are playing.Hough's calling-card is their huge selection of beer. Lots of beers on tap and you can get small samples to see which you like better. The food is standard American bar food - chicken fingers, fries, nachos, etc. The service is friendly and if anything gets messed up (hey, no one's perfect), they're quick to try to correct the mistake.
2	Great selection of beer. That's a good start, although they were out of Flower Power IPA but found a nice surprise in a Copper Kettle dark IPA made right in their own brewery.It was fifty cent wing night and good friend of Joe, Ross, was eagerly waiting to order his garlic wings. I looked over the menu and saw a build your own burger menu. Two vegan options, portobello mushrooms and a veggie patty. They also had beef, bison and another offering that I can't remember. All build your own burgers start at 7 bucks except the bison which is 9. Add ons are extra, cheese is 75 cents or a buck, veggies are 50 cents each, sauces are 50 cents, I'm sure it adds up and your burger could be 14 bucks if you go overboard. I decided on the hummus. I got a huge bowl, complete with carrot sticks, celery, and pita, not baked though, soft and fresh. Unfortunately, the hummus was rather unremarkable, bland, and could have been made better with some garlic, some herbs, or even a bit of salt and pepper. I looked on the bar for salt shakers, or a bottle of tabasco, but none were to be found. Which is a shame, with all the cooking shows on TV that the cooks here can't properly season a dish. Next time i'll build a burger and see what happens. Ross loved the six wings and devoured them with a Sam Adams Oktoberfest. Hough's seems more like an Elk's lodge or Eagle's club. There's room for improvement, and I hope the cook finds the salt shaker.
3	I stopped by Hough's last week to check out the bevy of beer I've been hearing about. And boy is it a bevy. It rivals Sharp Edge in quantity and quality selections but has a slight edge because it's next door to its own brewery. Copper Kettle Brewing Company churns out local suds and also allows patrons to brew their own batches. Please and thank you. That post is for another day though.I was pleasantly surprised by Hough's when I first saw it. I had it pegged for a dark, dank, Pittsburgh-style Yinzer bar but was greeted with a bright and large space full of a diverse crowd. The bar itself was also quite large which is always convenient for the single diner/drinker. And stashed in one corner was a shuffle board! Can you feel the excitement!Hough's had a feature beer menu and a regular beer menu. The menu is broken down by brand rather than style which can be slightly overwhelming for a beer novice like myself. The great part about the beer menu is that it offers a sample size so you can taste a beer before committing to a full pint. This proved to be a lifesaver. Or a life ruiner. Hard to say.After I got my beer order out of the way, I got down to the really important part: food. I heard the menu had changed but not for the better. It was standard bar food selections with a few gems one of which was a Sloppy Joe. And I didn't pass that up. My dining partner wanted hummus to start with and I obliged.The hummus arrived and was quite possibly the saddest appetizer I've ever seen. For being "homemade," it sure tasted like it came out of a plastic tub. It lacked any real flavor and had the texture of wet paste. My Sloppy Joe came out soon after. It came on a semi-hard bakery-style bun that held up well to the sloppy but the meat/sauce had no tang. No zip. No personality which is the real highlight of a sloppy joe for me otherwise it's really just a hamburger with too much ketchup. And the cole slaw... so sad. It may have looked like delicious cole slaw from Chick-fil-a (blagh) but it was partially frozen and again had no flavor.My brother joined the party a bit after we finished dinner and had the Mac-n-Cheese. It had a rich, cheesy flavor but the portion looked to be a side rather than an entree. And at the price point it's offered at was quite a disappointment.Overall, I was a tad disappointed by the food but the beer and atmosphere made up for it.
4	Hough's is a salvation for anyone living in the lovely, but otherwise bar-devoid neighborhood of Greenfield. Lots and lots of beer, both in bottles and draft form. The beer list reads like a novel, with brewery, beer genre, standard price, growler price, and last but not least ABV conveniently listed for every option. The food is generally fantastic bar food. I particularly recommend any of the burgers or wings. You will order your wings, and then you might find yourself grumbling about why it hasn't come out yet. SETTLE DOWN, GRUMPYPANTS. It is taking a little longer because they're making them FRESH, and the extra care shows after they hit your lips. During the week the place is almost exclusively populated by PSL athletes coming from their games at nearby Magee Field. On the weekends you have a fun-loving crowd ranging from 21 to 99. Shuffleboard. Closed on Sunday unless the Steelers are playing.Only grievance is that the TV's aren't wonderfully situated for obsessive sports watching. On either side of the bar, the TV's are on the opposite walls, at a very low angle so often times you're watching the bartenders instead of the game. Best solution is to come with a group of friends, get a table, and passively watch the game on the projection in the corner.
4	Hough's has a very large selection of craft beer on tap (~60ish taps) which frequently changes throughout the season.  The bottle list is also pretty extensive and features breweries from around the world.  Everything on tap can also be purchased in growlers (half gallon jugs) to go.
5	I used to think Sephora was my "Happy Place," but that was until I went to Hough's.  Hough's is my happy place, and also you can't drink a beer at Sephora.So.Many.Beers!  At reasonable prices!!!  Every time I leave the Sharp Edge I feel like I've left the bulk of my personal wealth there.  Not at Hough's!  It's everything that's good about the Sharp Edge, and you're not going to go broke.I also really liked that the beer list was seperated by brewery, bc I am a beer snob.  Not a fan of Dogfish, but I do love my Troeg's.  I also really liked that on the back of the beer menu they offer descriptions of each of the different beers so you can sound like you know what the hell you are talking about when discussing the random beer you've just ordered.  "I like the fruity finish of this Kolsch.  I believe this brewery is from a small basement in a small upstate NewYork town you've never heard of!"Pro tip:  It's winter.  Order a black IPA or a Winter Warmer, don't order a Kolsch.  Ever.  They are just not good.My current favorite beer at Hough's is 21st Ammendment Fireside Chat.  Try it.  You'll love it.  Beer is my "thing" and I know what's up.  You'll like it, trust me.  I had a lot of beers.  They were good.  The waitress was knowledgeable, and according to my friend (a guy), she was also hot.  He appreciated that.The only thing I didn't like was the cold beer cheese dip.  There are certain foods I call, "Guy Foods."  Stuff guys love and chicks are grossed out by.  This was one of them, bc my friend ate the whole thing while I poked at it and said, "Is this just a block of cream cheese with shredded cheese mixed in?"  I'm pretty sure it was.  But my friend loved it.I'll def be back, and you should go there too!
4	Great appetizers and beer selection. Good specials, nice staff.
4	Best Bar in Squirrel Hill.  Even if it's in Greenfield.  Parking is on the street but not too bad.
4	4 1/2 starsFood is delicious, servers are friendly and knowledgeable. It's a very homey environment. It was our first time there and they don't have a hostess....since it was the beginning of beer week, the place was packed and we wondered around aimlessly before figuring out it was seat yourself. We ended up sitting with a couple guys at what we now call a community table. They were super nice and we left happy as clams!
3	Hough's (pronounced Huff's) is a little gem located in Greenfield. I think the food is standard bar food and nothing special.  What I like is the HUGE selection of draft beers (over 60!), the ability to purchase flights, samples, and fill up your growler.@Curtis G and I were here for a beer tasting after an urban hike with Venture Outdoors (amazing, btw).  The servers were attentive and made a nice first impression.There is at least one TV if not two on every wall, so Hough's is def. a place to catch a sporting event.Do I recommend making a special trip to Hough's for beer?  No, but if you happen to be in Greenfield or want to chill out somewhere enjoying a wide selection of beers while watching a game, def. stop by for a few brews.
5	Wonderful place! Bright, clean, and friendly atmosphere with televisions for sports. The two bartenders serving my husband and me this past Saturday were extremely friendly and very knowledgable about both beer and food. I loved that each beer had a sample size so you could try a variety without getting stuck with any beer you already know you dislike. I found a few beers I will definitely order in the future and am looking forward to sampling another 5 the next time I'm in. The bartender recommended getting anything with the pulled pork and I have to agree it was outstanding! My husband and I ordered the nachos with pork as an appetizer and ended up making it our meal after we saw its size. We even left some chips/cheese/tomatoes on the plate but every single scrap of the pork was gobbled up. There is a pulled pork sandwich on the menu too and I may try it next time. This place is a real gem. Go check it out!
3	2.0/5 - Burger: overcooked, but evenly cooked.2.5/5 - Crab Cake burger3.0/5 - Green Flash Saison Diego2.0/5 - Weihenstephaner1.5/5 - Creme Brulee Beer: very sugary bite with a bitter strong aftertaste
5	The beer selection is incredible and I love how they sell smaller "sample" pours of everything on tap, which happens to be roughly 60 beers (and tons more in bottles). This makes it easier to taste a wide variety of beers, without becoming drunk and broke in the process. I normally get their "BBBBLT", which is your standard BLT sandwich with a very high grade thick cut bacon. If you're a bacon lover, this dish will hit the spot.If you pay attention inside Hough's, you'll notice the Copper Kettle brewery through a set of glass doors joined to the building. This is an additional business, allowing groups of people to brew their own beer for a fee.
4	You must stop at Hough's if you're a beer-loving Pens fan. There are about five dozen beers on draught with plenty of craft options. The games are projected onto a large drop-down projector screen in the middle of the bar in addition to being on monitors around the bar. The menu features all of the American bar food staples with some interesting twists such as crab cake burgers.Just be aware of the time if you're relying on public transportation as the area is not heavily serviced by Port Authority.
4	Oh, Hough's.  You put up with the flood of PSL players after the multitude of kickball and softball games without complaint.  I'm lucky that my kickball nights line up with flight nights.  Hough's is also part of a small brewery (Copper Kettle Pgh), offering burghers some amazing local offerings.  My favorite is the Cuckoo Clock IPA.  It's a perfect balance of hoppy bitterness, malt, and has a high abv kick to finish. I wish they offered it all year round! (Ahem... wink wink nudge nudge, Copper Kettle PGH!)  After a game, my team typically gets a few appetizers with our beers, and Hough's has a large amount of decently priced apps to accommodate. Their buffalo chicken dip is one of the best (although I've had better spinach dips elsewhere), and their large nachos with chicken can feed a few of our hungry players post-win.  Boyfriend and I have also gone to Hough's for a few weekday dinners, taking advantage of their 4-6pm happy hour.  Drafts are half off, and apps/well drinks are a dollar off. Not bad!  If you look at their online or in-house chalkboard calendar, there is always something going on.  Trivia, flight nights, gameday specials, you name it.  I would happily give Hough's a five-star review if it weren't for ONE thing... their burgers.  And by that I mean the beef, as the crab cake and Portobello "burgers" have always been just fine.  The beef that they use is very low quality... it reminds me of the cheap patties they served at lunch in high school.  I'm sorry, but at around ~$10 including toppings, they really need to kick up the quality of their meat. But that's really the only problem I have with this otherwise fantastic place!
5	Woo! Five stars for awesome beer! This place has quickly become my new favorite bar in Pittsburgh... plus it helps that I can walk home, super score. Great beer selection, really nice bar tenders and a very chill clientle. I've never had the food here but it's a great place to grab a few beers and hang out.
4	Food (8.0/10) = Beer selection is HUGE, to the point that I never know what to get.  I always end up just telling the bartender or waitstaff what types of beer I like, and let them decide.  The Wednesday wings special is a great deal.  50 cents per wing.  You have to get  half a dozen or a dozen per order.  Haven't tried the other items on the menu.  Ambiance (7.5/10) = Neighborhood casual joint.  There are 2 bars: one right when you enter (a large U-shaped bar), and another further inside (which seats 4-6).  Multiple flat screens placed throughout, allowing one to catch whatever game is on.  There's also a projector, which shows games on a large screen.Service (8.5/10) = Like I mentioned, I'm overwhelmed with the selection when I visit, and the staff have always delivered great recommendations.  The folks here are  knowledgeable about beer.  I like how they tell you about their beers, with enthusiasm, yet somehow in a calm chill manner.Overall opinion = One of the largest beer selections I've encountered in Pittsburgh.  A really cool place to hang out over a couple of drinks, while watching a game.  Beer + wings + game = Win.
4	I came here last night for the first time and I will surely be back.  The beer selection is fantastic and I would come back for this reason alone.  The have about 60 beers on tap.  I haven't seen a better selection of crafts in my 5 months in Pittsburgh.  The beer menu was twice the size of the food menu.  A nice option they have is buying "tasters" of ~4.5 oz of any of the beers before you settle on a pint.  The taster's were all $2-3.  They have specials everyday as well as $3 20 oz Labatt's during Pens games.The food wasn't quite as impressive as the drinks (no small task).  I had the pulled pork sandwich that was pretty average and a little dry.  The BBQ sauce was nothing special either.  All the sandwiches come with fries or chips.  The fries were standard fresh-cut fries.The atmosphere was awesome and a great place to watch the game.  It filled up pretty quick around the start of the Pens game.  Our waitress was very attentive and despite each of us having multiple samplers/beers/mixed drinks we never had to wait long.  There was one family with kids that I thought seemed a little out of place.  It's much more of a bar and not a great place for kids in my opinion.The Copper Kettle Brewery (you brew your own beer) is connected to Hough's.  I didn't get a chance to but it's definitely something I'd let to check out in the future.I wouldn't come here for the food alone but the total package of beer, atmosphere, service, etc. makes it a pretty cool place.
3	This place is all about the beer so if you are not a drinker this place can be skipped.The food used to be better than my last visit and now is just barely acceptable bar quality food. I got a burger that was forgettable before finishing it.  The service is a bright spot and is generally quite good.Did I mention the beer selection? It's huge.
5	They recently updated the menu and it is a vast improvement. I'm now just as likely to go here for a bite to eat as I am a beer.
3	First off, let me say that I love Hough's as a beer bar. Best in the city I've found in two years of living here. However, they recently changed their food menu when they hired a chef and while the food was average to good with big portions before, it is now completely unimpressive with smaller portions for the same price. I had the mesquite chicken sandwich and it was supposed to be smoked but actually only tasted like grilled chicken with barbecue sauce and cole slaw on it. I can make it better at home. My girlfriend had the Reuben. This used to be one of their best. Tons of nice pieces of corned beef on huge rye bread. Now it comes on a sickly pumpernickel roll with a quarter of the meat. I've also had the nachos which are a quarter of the size as before for the same price and the new black bean dip which is not worth the 8 dollars.The saving grace food wise at Hough's are the wings. They are still quite good. Wednesday is wing night for 50 cents a wing but the special is eat in only. No taking dinner home for a nice price. Hough's needs to get back to it's roots and be a great neighborhood bar with good pub grub. The menu had been getting stale but the change they made was too extreme. My rating is for the beer and the awesome bartenders only. Food is one star now. I can't give a higher rating until they change the food menu back our into something different. The new chef did the classic Food Network revamp of a kitchen and screwed it up bad. Please change Hough's, I've noticed less people in the bar the two times I was there this week. I hope this doesn't ruin what was a good thing.
4	I enjoy the atmosphere and love the huge selection. I'm not giving 5 stars because of the food menu. They just changed it and got rid of all my fave items. Basically it seems all they really offer now are burgers. While that's great for some, I prefer a little more selection. This won't stop me from coming in!
3	A few years later and I wanted to update thy I NEVER go here.  Meh...  Food is overpriced for what it is; NLT with a gallon I mayo and three strips of bacon should be over twelve dollars.  They finally have a happy hour, which is good. The bar staff is great.  Table service is not so great. This is a place I would like to go on Tuesday night when I don't feel like cooking, but my tab ends being over $60 and I never like what I order.  They have good beer but no samples.  If I'm paying $7 a beer can't I get a tiny taste first before I commit??
4	Great big beer selection and the happy hour special is awesome - half-off drafts, so you can try out some new things without feeling bitter if it turns out not to be your thing. I usually go on Wednesdays when it is wing night - 50 cent wings, order-able as a dozen or half-dozen. Nice and crispy with the sauce or rub of your choice. Haven't tried the other food. Wait staff is attentive without being pesky and the seating is nicely spaced. You're not right on top of the table next to you, which I always appreciate.
2	Hough's used to be one of my favorite places, but they recently made some unfortunate changes. The menu is completely different because they hired a chef, but in my opinion the quality of the food has declined. My favorite selections from the old menu were removed. Trivia nights are still fun, but the wait staff really can't keep up when it gets crowded. I've waited 20 minutes for a beer on several occasions, and good luck getting a refill. The bartenders on the other hand are great, always friendly, fast, and informative. I still frequent Houghs pretty regularly, but it has gone to one of my favorite pubs in Pittsburgh to a mediocre restaurant/bar.
4	We love Hough's.  Huge beer selection, with frequent specials (although sometimes I find myself surprised that they can have such a huge selection with so few beers that I would call "really good").  The food is pretty good, with a tasty veggie burger on the menu.  The prices aren't great but they aren't too exorbitant.  Tuesday night bar trivia is a lot of fun if you get a good group together.  Also?  Non-smoking, which I love.  It shouldn't be a bonus to get to leave a bar not stinking like a chimney, but sadly in PGH it is.Probably the best thing about this place is its general neighborhood feeling - like everyone is a regular.  The worst thing, though, is the neighborhood it's in!  Not that we don't like Greenfield, it's just that it's so far away from everything.  Getting home via bus usually means either a very long walk followed by a very long ride that winds all over the city, or else leaving by 9 or 9:30 to catch the better routes.  We have a car, but generally don't want to go to a bar and then drive home.  So I guess that could be construed as either a complaint about location, or a complaint about the Allegheny County Port Authority routes!  Either way, we do try to come back, but we don't get there as often as we'd like.
5	Hough's has been one of my top-3 favorite things about living in Greenfield the past 4 years.  I can walk to the greatest bar in Pittsburgh.  You go there for the amazing beer selection, great customer service and comfortable atmosphere.  Their food and menu section aren't anything I haven't tasted/seen before, but it's really not bad if you want to do dinner there while you drink.  Bar food is never usually epic, but this is certainly better than MOST bar food I've had.  You can usually hear yourself talk at Hough's --it has good acoustics/sound absorption throughout the bar -- which sets it apart from most bars which are too loud and overwhelming.  Hough's is always my first choice of bar to go to with friends I haven't seen in a while because we can catch up AND drink beer without feeling old due to loud noise and obnoxious people.  People are always pretty respectful to each other there.  I wouldn't call this a sports bar at all, though it probably leans towards sports bar.  I always see different types of people in there--not so much a breakfast club assortment of folks, but almost.  It is exciting to me that this bar can't be pegged as catering to one type of bar patron.  Also, Joel is a really cool bartender.  Always seems very nice and relaxed and willing to help you find a beer that you'll enjoy.  Actually, most of the bartenders are pretty good about helping you sort through the enormous beer selection.  I will always remember this bar fondly and it's a stellar addition to an otherwise dull (but nice) little neighborhood.
5	I've been loving Hough's since I moved to Pittsburgh in 2008 & read about a pub in Greenfield working on its license for brew your own beer (Copper Kettle Brewing). Amazing beer selection (draft & bottle), gorgeous woodwork & design, wonderful knowledgeable (& stable, in terms of longevity working there) staff, and overall great family business. Everyone I take there loves it & goes back on their own. Vegetarian friendly, too (all the food is good, per my dining companions).
2	Hough's used to be one of my favorite bars in pittsburgh, but recently they started making changes that many customers, including myself, are unhappy with.  First, they hired a chef and completely revamped the food menu, which is a total disappointment. The food used to be typical pub food, with large portions, decent quality, and a sizable selection.  With the new menu, the portions are smaller, the options are limited, the prices went up, and the quality went down.  My favorite menu items are no longer options (Pittsburgh salad (really any salad), smoked mozzarella dip, build your own burger, brisket, etc). They also took away the shuffleboard table and the dart board, so if you are still expecting a pub you will be disappointed.  Not to mention, the waitress service (not bar service) is completely subpar.  The only thing that I still appreciate about this bar is the great beer selection and the great bartenders.  In summary, this was a great pub that is slowly turning into a generic and unoriginal restaurant.
5	Great beer selection.  Just went there for Sunday brunch.  The brunch selections provide a good amount of food for great value (most meals run around $6).  The bartender/waiter was a chill guy and provided great service.  I will definitely be back again.
3	Went on a Tue night.  The place had a nice buzz to it.  Our waitress was very helpful in picking out a beer we would like, and her recommendations were spot on.  The food was quite good.  We had ancho wings and a reuben sandwich.  The wings were I think a bit pricey (12 bucks for 12), but they were really good and they do use nice fat wings, not the tiny ones you find in many places.  Overall, I would definitely go back.We were a little hesitant to go because of poor reviews of the food, but were pleasantly surprised.  Our waitress said they had just hired a new chef a couple of months ago.
3	Man, I really wanted to like this place. It was my birthday, so i was going to places that were on my bucket list in Pittsburgh. Special of the day was a bacon wrapped hot dog in a pretzel bun. Sounded great. But, damn, the food was cold and the beer was warm. My wife had a hard cider...warm too. May try again some day. Disappointing.
2	My fiance and I went there yesterday to get dinner and drinks. We entered Hough's around 8pm. Unfortunately, we forgot it was game 7 for the Pens Stanley Cup playoffs so the place was packed. We stood at the door waiting to get seated. Since we had never been there before we did not know the routine. There were no signs saying please wait to be seated or please seat yourself. So we waited a bit in the meantime two or three servers both male and female both walked passed us never saying a word or acknowledging our presence . My fiance attempted to get the attention of one of the waiters but she brushed on by like he didn't exist. I thought my fiance was going to explode so we left. I am willing to give the place the benefit of the doubt. Frankly, it was a busy evening. We will attempt to go back on a night there is no game or event. I have heard great things about the beer selection at this place. I hope next time it doesn't disappoint!!!
4	I came into Hough's without looking at Yelp at all.  I am shocked that in Greenfield this little bar even exists.  Pittsburgh has some of the most craptastic bars in the world.  People will go to just about any bar here.  Let's talk about why Hough's is one of the only good bars in Pittsburgh.An Actually Amazing Beer Selection-  Most people in Pittsburgh go on about the great selection of beers at bars.  This tends to mean they have Yuengling AND Miller Lite.  I'm not impressed.  But Hough's... OH MAN.  It's a fantastic selection of beers from all over, and they have a nice variety of sizes as well.  So you can get shooter sizes of a variety of beers to sample more than a few!  Awesome.No smoking- THANK YOU.  Since smelling like an ash tray is such an attractive attribute.  Go Hough's.Clean-  Yeah.  Bathrooms were clean, floor was clean.  Plates were clean.  Christmas miracle.Atmosphere- Friendly!  People were ready to chat and have a good time!I wasn't as impressed with the food as everything else.  I got some kind of beer mac and cheese that was just ok.  Nothing special.  So Hough's can't satisfy my bar food cravings.  But otherwise, this place is a freaking gem.Thumbs up, Hough's.  I like you.  Call me.
3	Hough's is excellent for drinking. They have a huge selection and great options for drinking. They have smaller glass options for people who want to try multiple beers. I love it. I don't have to deal with the little samples nor pint glasses.The food is absolutely awful. They keep trying to reinvent the menu, but it is always Sysco trash. Don't bother eating here unless you don't mind boring flavorless bar food.My strategy for Hough's is to eat at Szmidt's and then drink at Hough's. Szmidt's has amazing sandwiches, Hough's has an amazing beer selection.
4	My favorite go-to bar.  Friendly staff that recognizes regulars.  Food is getting better, but certainly isn't perfect, but the beer selection MORE than makes up for it.
4	Great beer selection, of course, and finally they have a food menu that lives up to it! I've been here too many times to count, and remember when it was mostly dead on a Saturday night. It has been awesome to see it gain popularity and notoriety for its brews. I love that you can buy a tiny pour of any of the drafts, which allows you to create your own beer flight. Recently they've transformed their food menu for the better. I've tried their smoked Reuben, a couple of burgers, wings and veggie chorizo hoagie. Everything has been great! The wings were especially good (always have been decent) and I was highly impressed with the burgers.  Good stuff!
5	Come for the incredible beer selection, stay for the trivia (on Tuesdays at 7:30!), and ignore the occasionally questionable service and this will surely become one of your favorite bars in Greenfield--not that there are too many others to choose from, but I digress. Go in thirsty and with a good attitude and you'll surely have a positive experience.
4	I like Hough's! I think it's one of the best parts of an otherwise quiet and relatively boring neighborhood (sorry, Greenfield). My friends and I used to go there every Tuesday for trivia! The games are fun, and the girls who usually run it are very nice. Sometimes it gets really loud and it's hard to hear, but sometimes different breweries will come and give out prizes and offer tastings. It's pretty fun.The beer selection is insane, way better than any other bar I've been to in the area. They offer a couple of different sizes, so you can order small little taster sizes if you want to try a few different kinds. I'm not much of an adventurous spirit when it comes to beer, but I do appreciate the variety of ciders they have included! :) I haven't found anything on the food menu though that has impressed me. Nothing I've had has tasted bad or anything, but it's pretty bland and generic and nothing to write home about.Hough's is a nice place to go and watch a game. I'ts pretty big for Pittsburgh standards, and there are plenty of tables and TVs available. Just go seat yourself. Sometimes it takes a server awhile to get to you for some reason, but on the up side, that just gives you more time to look over the expansive beer menu.
4	I like this place. I love their vast beer selection, their ambiance, and their food appears to look amazing. I haven't had the chance to try their food yet, but I am sure that I will some time if I return to their trivia. I went to a very packed house for trivia and could barely get a seat, but the waitress managed to find two seats to accommodate my husband and I with our group. During trivia the service was not overwhelmingly impressive, but I totally understand due to just how many people were at this place. On previous occasions, the waitress was on top of it the whole time. In every occasion, the waitresses were quite knowledgeable on the beer selection and were able to recommend a few new things for hubby and I to try. In terms of trivia, I did not care for their format. There did not appear to be an MC, the questions would pop on the TV screen and were given 5 questions of a given category and had a certain amount of time to answer them. There were 5 rounds. The one thing that I did like was that they had an answer runner, so if this person came to your table you knew your time was up. But honestly I like the format where you are given a question of any category and have the length of a song to answer it, that way you can fit more categories. Having 5-7 questions on state mottos is just a little nuts, but whatever. Anyway besides their trivia format, I like this place and would love to come back for a few more brews.
2	Good friends of my husband and mine moved to Greenfield this weekend, and we decided to grab drinks together at Hough's after an evening of drinking at First Friday at the Frick. A lot of people have talked up Hough's, so I was very excited to finally try this establishment.Since I had already had too many drinks while hanging out at First Friday, I decided to skip the beer and just ordered some appetizers. Our waitress was nice, and made sure to let us know that the kitchen would be closing shortly. We quickly ordered Beer Cheese Nachos with Pulled Pork, Fries, and Cheesecake. When all the food arrived, we immediately dug into the nachos. I took a couple bites and thought, what is that odd flavor? My husband quickly assessed that the chef had not wanted to take the time to properly heat our nachos, and instead melted the cheddar cheese with a butane torch. The cheese had a strong... mmm... gasoline flavor. Disgusting! We mentioned the issue to our waitress, who took 50% off the price of the nachos. In retrospect, we should have demanded the appetizer to be completely removed.Obviously, the nachos were one of the worse things I've ever eaten. Sadly, the other items did not redeem the nachos either. The fries were limp and cold, while the cheesecake was nice but was obviously not prepared at Hough's.Outside of the nacho debacle, the beer selection seemed extensive, and I liked the bar's environment. I would be willing to come back... but will never be ordering those nachos again.
3	I have serval friends that love this place and it's hopping on a friday night for sure. I just had a bad experience and will have to try them again. My wife wrote all about it in her review so I won't go into great detail but we got a bad plate of nachos that were pretty much inedible. Other than the disappointment over the Nachos the Beer select was awesome and they seems to have a nice well rounded selection. I settled in with a Left Hand Milk Stout which is always a good choice. They also have table top shuffle board which I didn't get a chance to play when I visited but I'm sure is also fun. If you are in the Neighborhood and find yourself craving a Beer give this place a go. Maybe pass on the Cheese Nachos, especially if it's close to kitchen closing time.
5	Hough's has the best beer selection in Pittsburgh. Their food has gotten substantially better over the years and is now really good. Staff is friendly. This is the best bar in Pittsburgh
4	I recently visited Hough's again after hearing the new food menu is finally edible.  The food was great.  I finally enjoyed both my drinks and my meal.The new food menu is really good.  Everyone I was with agreed.  We'd always been disappointed with the food in the past but were finally happy this time.
4	I'll be honest. From the outside this place looks pretty shady, but inside is a hidden gem. The beer selection is massive (and excellent!) and the prices are far better than most bars with so many great beers. The staff is highly attentive and incredibly friendly. I haven't had the opportunity to dine here which is why I'm only giving it 4 stars, but as a bar...it's a nice little place off the beaten path.
5	Honestly, you can't get much better than Hough's if you are a fan of delicious beer.  And oh, yes, delicious food.  But let's focus on the beer first.Hundreds of options of every beer you can imagine from any region.  Many, many choices on tap but an unbelievable bottle selection.  And then do there darn tootin best to serve you the beer you choose in a glass tumbler bearing the name of said beer.  It's the little things that make places special.  I've eaten here many times and have enjoyed crab cakes, burgers, wraps, and excellent appetizers.  Hough's has put Greenfield on the map.
5	You can't beat Hough's for a lot of reasons. Fantastic beer selection. Love that you can get a full pint or small taster. Bartenders are very knowledgable about what they are serving. Makes a huge difference when your service matches and goes beyond the quality of the food and drink. This place is an even match. Burgers, appetizers, brunch....this place has it all. Always hosting a beer event of some sort. And, bacon. Lots of it.
4	LOVE Hough's! I live in the neighborhood, so it's definitely my local hangout. Their beer selection has always been phenomenal. Plus, they have great specials throughout the week - like filght night, which it always a great way to get to try new beers, since they have so many.Their food - especially since they redid their menu - it also phenomenal. Haven't found a thing I don't like.The only reason I didn't give them five stars is sometimes the service is sub-par. Not bad, just not great. But I still love it!
5	Great beer selection. Lemongrass chicken with jicama for appetizer was great!  Hardly typical bar food. Yummy
5	The Sunday brunch and Bloody Mary bar did not disappoint great accommodations for a group of 6 or 8 people. I recommend the breakfast bowl. Very cooperative to those with food sensitivities. Great music. Nice atmosphere. Fast service.
4	They have a HUGE selection of draught craft beers. The staff are very friendly. I particularly like the Happy Hour from 4pm-6pm M-F. Pint draughts are just $4 and there are specials on their Small Eats. The clientele at Hough's is primarily urban professionals in their 20's-40's, though you will see everyone from small children to grandparents at times.
5	Love this place! Nothing like finding a great new bar in your old neighborhood. Excellent selection of beer, appetizers were delicious (crab dip, peel and eat shrimp), and servers were friendly and helpful (offering suggestions on both food and beer). This is a great place to cheer on the home town boys; with the big screens around the place, there really isn't a bad seat in the house. When the game ends, grab a few bucks and play some music on their jukebox (every band and genre you can imagine). This place gets really busy, but it's a great crowd.  (Forgot to mention, parking was convenient each time I've visited. )I get "home" a few times a year, I've  added Hough's  to my list of favorites, and plan to visit each time I come in.
4	I went here for brunch and the food was good but the service was very disappointing. Although there  weren't that many customers but the food took so long to come out and our  waitress was very absent-minded.The place is very spacious, and I think it should also be good for weekend nights as a pub.
