1	Worst place to go to for vehicle service. I went in for the highest oil change package, which was a good deal, that included an oil change, fluids topped off and a tire rotation. Now my car's alignment is totally off and it occasionally overheats---I should probably mention that it's WINTER TIME! Also, I do not drive over 20 miles a day for more than 20 minutes at a time, so there is NO reason why my car should overheat. I've probably visited this place 3-4 times, but will no longer seek car care here. One of those times, Precision Auto claims that one of my mounts was broken and forced me to buy one of theirs (which also added additional labor hour costs). Very interesting and kinda fishy if ya ask me! I do NOT recommend this place!!!
1	They broke something, then the car ran worse after they 'fixed' it. Plus I had to spend money at another shop to fix another one of their blunders.
5	Precision Tune Auto Care in Las Vegas NV. on Eastern is the best automotive care I have ever received in my life.Manager Bob Ihrig is the most kind and caring/professional auto technician I have ever met. I met Bob just recently he's been very professional ever since. He called today to make sure that we knew they were going to take a few hours on my vehicle. They diagnosed the problem and fixed it within a couple of hours. My car runs like a dream now. Thank you Precision Tune Auto Care!Our son was recently diagnosed with Cancer and NCCF of Nevada had set us up an account with funds over the holidays with a couple of thousand dollars to spend on fixing and upgrading our vehicles to make our daily life tasks simpler. The NCCF was unable to produce a $240.00 check today as a result normally I would have to wait until I could get the check in hand to obtain my vehicle. Bob the manager at Precision Tune decided to take the check number and work with the foundation to get my car back to me today. He did not have to do this for me or my family. He's just good people. If there is another mechanic or garage that would do this act for you I suggest you try them out. My family and I will stick with this side of town with Bob and his crew because of the level of service and care. You just don't get any better service than this. God Bless him and his family.
1	I wish I could vote NO STARS, because I would, if I could.The guy who owns the franchise in Las Vegas (Kurtis Johnson) USED to be a fantastic guy, and his employees were the absolute BEST at what they did.  He even went so far as to provide me with a LOANER, totally FREE, while his staff was repairing my car, which was spectacular of him.But somewhere along the line, he (or his workers, I'm not sure) became, for want of a better term, "back-stabbers."  Good people were outright fired (or not "talked out" of quitting) and the whole operation quickly slid downhill.The location I used to regularly patronize (1765 E Charleston Blvd, Las Vegas, NV 89104-1943) is now closed up, either an innocent victim of a lousy economy, or because Mr. Johnson's questionable method(s) of dealing with regular customers have come back to haunt him.What's really sad about this local franchise, is that they enjoyed an "A+" rating from (and were an Accredited Business of) the Clark County Better Business Bureau.  That "A+" rating was not given lightly; it had to be honestly EARNED by the company.I have no idea what went wrong with them, but I'll never go back to find out, and you shouldn't visit them, either, unless you ENJOY rude and unprofessional treatment.
5	I had recently moved to Las Vegas when my car overheated. As a young female driving a very old car with lots of quirks, I am always apprehensive about finding trustworthy and reliable mechanics. I looked around and found Precision Tune Auto Care. I had my car towed there and the mechanics were able to quickly diagnose the problem and give me a very reasonable price estimate. Additionally, they took my busy schedule into consideration and were able to get the work done in one day. I felt like they were very upfront and honest individuals who gave it to me straight.I really appreciate their consideration of my time as well. My car was back on the road that day. In my past, mechanics have tried to take advantage of me by giving me a list of things that are possibly wrong with my car and that they recommend replacing or fixing (at an additional overpriced expense of course). I did not get this treatment from Precision Tune. Auto Care. Like I said before, I drive a very old car with lots of quirks. They understood that I was just trying to keep my car on the road and addressed the problem at hand effectively fixing the issue. Overall, I felt very comfortable with the knowledge of the staff, service and price.Recently, I had another, more serious problem with my car. I immediately took it back to Precision Tune Auto Care. Once again, the knowledgeable staff was able to quickly and efficiently diagnose the underlying issue. And once again they gave me a very reasonable price. When I say very reasonable, I mean very reasonable! I did my research by looking up parts pricing, talking with my mechanic back home, and obtaining quotes from other shops around town which would have charged me significantly more for the same services. Again, they also took my time constraints and need for a vehicle into consideration andrepaired the problem during one of their busiest days of the week. I truly feel that the staff at Precision Tune Auto Care, especially Carlos who I assume is the owner, are very considerate and sincerely invested in the best interest of their customers by providing superior service at extremely reasonable cost. I suspect that most of their business is probably regular maintenance servicing but I highly recommend them for more serious car repairs as well. They had the parts needed available on site for my repairs and I did not have to leave my car there while waiting for necessary parts to be ordered and delivered. Plus the two major repairs together cost me less than $600!!! I have been in many places across the county and dealt with many mechanics. Not often do I feel the urge to write a review (about anything, let alone a car shop). However, with the amazing customer service, great prices, quick turn around time, and overall great vibe I received from the staff at Precision Tune Auto Care; I felt compelled and very confident in writing a review to share my positive experience with any one else in need of car repair. I will continue to go to them for all my service needs during my time in Vegas and have recommended their services to all my friends in the area. I think I should follow this rave review with a disclaimer that I am in no way associated with any of the staff or the company. I had just recently moved from Florida when I first received their services but cannot express how happy I am that I choose this shop out of so many options in the area. Once again, their professionalism, care for customers, and competitive pricing place Precision Tune Auto Care into a category of excellence that not many automotive shops receive in my opinion.
3	I needed to get my truck a smog check because my registration was renewing.  I always drive by this place and see they electronic sign blinking different specials.  I had noted they had a $15 smog check.  It's not the best price, but it's also not the worst.  I also didn't need to find a coupon like some other places.  I walked in and was greeted right away.  The guy was friendly and started to put my info in the computer.  This place is right by the Super Burrito, so I decided to grab a burrito while I waited.  The guy was cool and said go ahead and it shouldn't take too long.  He was very professional and even waved though the window when my truck was done.  I gave him wave of my burrito and a thumbs up.  This review is just for the smog check and customer service.  I haven't had any repairs done here.  I asked the guy a few questions about my truck and some pricing.  He let me know what was involved and the price.  I thanked him and left.  I will most likely come get another smog from here next year.  So if you are in the area, check them out.  Cheers!
5	I've used Precision several times over the last 6 months and have had nothing short of fantastic service and results.  Plus I can't believe the low prices. Carlos is a great guy who seems very willing to do what it takes to get the job done well. He helped me with a serious problem on my wife's car even though he didn't get the repair work (I did it myself to save some money).Keeping in mind that this is a small repair shop and that it should be used for simple routine maintenance items, they have earned my loyalty.
5	Fast oil change and good customer service. Used the yelp deal and saved a few bucks too. When everyone else nearby was too busy I was promptly helped and back on the road. If passing through again I'd stop for an oil change here.. no doubt!
5	This place never let's us down!!  Today, I walked in and was immediately greeted.  The front desk guy (may be a manager) didnt try to upsell me on anything, but offered candid advice on what I should do.  I was in and out of there in no time and paid a really reasonable price.  They even gave me a ride to my house!!!  Love these guys!
5	I originally went because they had a 3-1 oil change on groupon, but I noticed every time I went the customer service was extraordinary. I then started going for other services and they've never disappointed. I brought in a vehicle to replace an oil pan over the weekend and the service was not quite done on time, so they fixed an A/C issue I mentioned for free. Always remembered who I was and everything about my vehicle. Good, honest mechanics at a great price. Don't know what else you'd look for!
5	I got a groupon for an oil change and tire rotation so I went.  Normally I always go where I have a coupon/groupon, but from now on I will only go here, groupon or not.  The customer service was amazing and the waiting room was very nice.  After the oil change they showed me the colors of my fluids.  They didn't try to sell me anything at all.  They also showed me my air cleaner and had a new one by it to show me the difference.  Again, no pressure, just this is your filter, this is a clean one.  I asked the price and it was very reasonable and because there was no pressure, and I really appreciated that, I said yes, please replace it.  I will always go there from now on, and just not for oil changes.   The guys were so kind and easy to talk to and mostly - no pressure.  I love this place and highly recommend it.
5	I just moved to Henderson and had no one who would recommend a good place for basic auto service so I went to Yelp. I received Excellent service. Clear understanding of what they suggested and why. No hard up sells. I am very satisfied and highly recommend Precision.
5	I've been here before was just about to go somewhere else for this service, but when I saw the sign for, $13.00 oil change.....Why go anywhere else!    There was only a couple of people in there, and they pulled my car in within 10 min or less! fast and professional service for an oil change.
5	Excellent mechanics and counter employees, Dave and Carlos. Honest, competent, with very good quality service
5	This place is fabulous. I showed up around 9 (they open at 8) and I told the guy what I needed. After telling me what it would cost he took my keys and pulled my car right into the garage and got started on my car. The waiting area was very clean and had a kerig machine to make coffee and a mini fridge full of bottled water for you to have. There was a tv also for you to watch. 45min-1hour later they told me my car was ready. Now, me being a female alone on a car shop this is the part that they normally try to rip me off so I was prepared for that. I went to the counter and the guy told me everything that they did and that it all looked good. As I waited for him to tell me everything that needs to be fixed with my car he ran my card and gave me my receipt and told me I have a nice day. It was glorious to go to a car place and not have them try to rip you off!! If I wasn't moving this place would be the only place I would go to! Such a breath of fresh air.
1	Not impressed.   Brought my car in last week as it is making a weird noise, they said they couldnt even tell me what it is unless I pay $490!! All they gave me was the diagnostic print out saying "misfire at cylinder 3"  I got that for FREE at autozone... Total rip off.  $89 for absolutely nothing.
5	Honest and dependable. Always fix my issues. The price is fair compared to its competitors. I always I here to get my oil changed.
5	So right after I discovered T&M they up and moved to the other side of town and became too much trouble to get to.  I've been looking for a new place close to Silverado Ranch and wasn't having much luck.  Found this place on Yelp and decided to give it a try.  Last week I went in to ask about my A/C and ended up getting my brakes done instead.  I had rotors and pads already due to an unfortunate circumstance and other shops refused to put them on.  PTAC said sure, no problem, just a charge for labor.  Got those done and for the first time in months my car doesn't shake my teeth out of my head every time I hit the brake. Its an odd feeling actually ... I glide to a silent halt. Today I went back to have the A/C done.  I knew it wasn't just a freon issue and sure enough I was right.  They showed me where the dye was leaking from the system, ordered the part, and got me out in time to catch my movie across the street.The lobby is pretty decent for a car repair place.  Sat TV, Kuerig coffee machine, water in bottles and on tap and the ultimate perk: a phone charger.  My phone is almost 3 yrs old so its nearly always dead.  They also have a wi-fi password posted.  If you can't get a ride for a long repair you can walk over to Colonnade and catch a movie.  There are also a few restaurants within walking distance.  Really nice guys, fair prices, and a pretty decent location, what more could you ask?
1	I'm not sure where all of the glowing reviews are coming from but this shop wanted to charge me $400 to swap out my radiator, AND I HAD ALL OF THE PARTS!!! He said it would take 4 hours. That's $100/hour for a 45 minute job!!! When I complained about the rate the desk guy told me to "do it myself then". LOL!!!  So I did. This place is a joke.
5	I found Precision on Groupon, they had a special for a oil change, so I decided to try them & I'm very glad I did.Thanks so much
1	Wasted over $200+ just so they could get commission off of me. I never ever write reviews on yelp but here's my first!My car's been leaking and the tech said it had to do with my axle seal and I needed to get my transmission fluid exchanged. Took his word for it only to realize my car still has the same problem! He told me to give it a week or two because it could be the excess leak prior to the "work" done.Finally heard of someone who's a pro tech on Nissans and found out that Precision didn't install the axle seal properly!!!! They also used Dexron instead of NS2-CVT fluid...hopefully my transmission wasn't affected! On top of the problems Precision never fixed, my current tech found additional problems that Precision didn't find:Rear motor mount Pass axle sealTrans air dam Rf control arm Lf control arm Lf strut Pass motor mountRadiator bushings Thank God my Extended Warranty covered almost everything and I'm glad I found out about the guy who fixed the problem! If you want to have dishonest service and waste your time and money, come to Precision! If not, stay away!
1	Update: Contacted the manager after the review was posted and never got a call back.If you're in for a quick oil change they're honest. But I'm not a huge fan of the service. I came in, paid for a diagnostic and was told i would receive a phone call with my quote on Monday. On  Wednesday I called to follow up and apparently someone dropped the ball on communication. Thursday I called again only to be told they had a hard time reaching the dealership to get the part and I'm better off going to the dealership directly.Problems... #1. Drop the ball on communication to the customer#2. Abandoned the customer because it was hard communicating with the dealership after a diagnosis was paid.#3. Did not request for a time extension to continue trying with dealership or any incentive for further visits as a service recovery because contacting the dealership was "hard".Additional edits:When I came in I complained about my tire pressure and the techs said they checked the tire pressure and it looks good. But what they failed to mention was the fact that my tires were super old and starting to crack and it's about time I had to replace them.  So now 5 days later after my visit my passenger rear tire is flat and I'm at a new place with the manager literally pointing out at all of the cracks that you can see with the naked eye.
5	Brought in my 2002 Ford Mustang to get my front brake pads and rotors replaced. I came in and Carlos the manager warmly greeted me and gave me a quote right away. It all came out to be $300 for the job. A bit on the pricey side but not the worst. Carlos gave me a discount for the repair so that's great. And they finished fast, it was done under 30 minutes. They even test rode my car to ensure my brakes were ok. I'm very happy with Carlos customer service and the work done by his associate. Ill come back for my future car repairs.
