5	It's a tiny place (but with very visible yellow exterior) conveniently located close to the UW campus and next to Indie Coffee. I brought my boots, which had loud noise making plastic-wood heel and asked to replace the plastic with rubber. The owner (I assume his name is Franco) is a very welcoming, friendly guy, and the work took only 2 days. I was very satisfied with the work, and best of all, it was only $5! Now I can wear my fabulous Fyre boots without feeling self-conscious about the noise (shoes are now very quiet even on a hard surface).
3	The quality of the repairs I received is excellent. I was also impressed by the wide range of repairs Franco (presumably) does. I do wonder what repairs the other two reviewers had done, since each pair of the two shoes I submitted cost $10 each for heel repairs. One alert: Franco's hours are not ideal for busy people -- he is open Mon - Fri, 8:30am-4pm. I learned this the hard way! It would be nice if he were open later Friday afternoons or Saturday morning.  Based on scheduling alone, I may have to try out the Park Street Shoe Repair around the corner. That aside, I highly recommend Franco's workmanship.
5	Coming in here is like stepping back in time.  Arounf five or six older gentlemen hanging around talking, laughing, and enjoying the Summer weather.  The owner was outside with them when I rolled in.  He came in and greeted me and fixed my heels on the spot.  It took him about five minutes and he told me a little about himself and how he runs the business as hobby.  It obvious that he really loves his work and his business and charges ridiculously low prices.  The first time I came I paid $5, and the second pair of heels I brought to him were fixed for free because "it would only take a second."   I absolutely adore this place and I hope the best for this lovely man and his shop.
2	Boo. I hate to be the lone dissenter but I had a bad experience here & won't be back. The service was rude & disrespectful. He fixed a zipper on a pair of boots but refused to clean/waterproof them and also refused to work on another pair of leather shoes that just needed a few scuffs removed.  I understand if this is outside the realm of services (although it doesn't make a whole lot of sense to me) but was disappointed with the condescending attitude - and late opening/early closing times. Since then, I've gone to Eastside Shoe Repair on Winnebago & been much more impressed!
1	Does this place even have a phone number? I can never reach the damn number. How do we even know if this place is open
5	Great service and great prices! I asked Salvador to replace the sole on a pair of cowboy boots. Turns out the last guy I went to (after charging me $65) took out a part of the welt and glued on the sole. That lasted all of 4 months.They repaired the welt and properly attached the sole by stitching it on, all for $25. Great service, I recommend them to anyone who needs work done on shoes.
4	Even if you do not need shoes repaired make a stop into Franco to talk to Franco himself!  The shop is awesome, old shoe machines every where!  I was just looking for some shoe strings and he had me covered!  I asked him how long he had been open and he said he had been here for 50 years!  Always great when somebody is passionate about what they do!  Go see Franco
