5	Effecient and caring staff. Shredding service. Chelsee, Dan and Pat are all cool. A little expensive, but worth it. Open Sunday (God Bless You!)
5	Nicknames I believe these people have earned so far:"Patient Patrick" -- here's a guy with the patience of Job. "Common Sense Chelsee the Multi-Tasker" -- I personally watched Chelsee troubleshoot busted internet from Cox Cable, receive UPS, AND handle a tough customer (me!). InCrEdIbLe!
5	Am I really reviewing a UPS store? I guess so. I hate having to drive half way across town to find a Post Office and these guys not only take big packages but single letters and postcards.  They are located in a shopping plaza so you could do some shopping next door and knock out some errands while getting your items shipped out. I was very impressed and surprised to discover they had all my contacts saved in their UPS Mainframe as I normally only use UPS at Christmas when I ship big packages to my family.  It had been at least a year and a half since I used UPS and it was back in Omaha Ne so for them to be able to pull my acct up and confirm my brother's address was correct on my shipping label was a nice reassurance that my package was going to arrive safe. The store is always clean when I arrive and the staff very friendly and willing to help make suggestions on insurance and cheaper methods to get your package delivered. Will be very happy to recommend this location and my next set of packages will be going through them this holiday season.
5	I really love this place! I come here about once a week, mostly for notary service. Always very fast and they are open 7 days a week! I'm coming back here for other services for sure! I like the friendly and professional service!
1	Thanks dude with the glasses. You were tacking in charges without explaining anything. Oh and usps does give you a tracking number bro. 70 cents. Thanks a lot for not offering all of your services. I would've left zero stars if I could have. The dude at the cash register was so rude and uninformative.
1	Worst place ever!!!! Won't deliver prelabeled UPS PACKAGES!!!! What do you exist and place the sign out front?
5	I love visiting this store. Everyone here is so friendly and efficient! They have mailboxes that have a physical address so I can receive UPS, FedEx, USPS, etc shipments without any issues. They also have a notary available all the time (whenever they are open there is a notary available). This store can get busy but the employees work hard to make sure that everyone who comes in gets great service and gets served quickly. Great store and I highly recommend going to this UPS Store because you will get truly amazing service!
