4	More and more frequently I patronize the Eastern at Serene 7-eleven, on my way to work. Why? It is convenient and clean.   Going back to the early 1990s, when I was using a land line, I have been a fan of 7-eleven's flavored coffee. After all these years, I still savor their blueberry coffee. On those 100-plus days in Vegas I'll pick up a Big Gulp.  Seven Eleven's wild card is the fuel station.When it is time to  fuel up my car, I will try to go here. Coffee and fuel.  A few years back when they changed from Citgo to 7-eleven branded fuel, I was skeptical. That was a couple of years ago. I had used 7-eleven branded fuel numerous times throughout my Aura's lease, and I had zero problems.  The employees here are also friendly.
1	Free slurpee day for the 11.7 oz special size...cups no where in sight and they made me pay for my small 12 oz slurpee...if you run out of cups, take the signs down or make an exception...seriously...
1	I have only ever written one review and that was 2 years ago because I understand that people sometimes have bad days but I went to this store tonight at 11:00 pm because my daughters races had just been tightened and she wanted some doughnuts because they are soft. We also frequent this store to fill up our 3 vehicles with gas and for after school snacks and my moms Monsters because they are usually on sale but the way I was treated by the older man with the white hair behind the counter was unacceptable. He was very rude but used a nice voice which to me makes it worse. I have never returned anything to a gas station before but when he told me after I suggested that maybe they should order more since by his own admittance they are always out by the middle of the afternoon that "it doesn't matter that we run out because you bought something anyway" this from a man that when I told him he has poor customer service tells me that he wins awards for great customer service. Well I'm sorry but if one of my employees treated someone as badly as he treated me I would fire them in a heart beat. Also I was not in any shape upset about the fact that they were out for the third time we went for them was just wondering if there was a reason.We went to the 711 on Silverado Ranch and they had a plenty and were very nice and was much busier even though it is not as busy of an area as the one on Eastern is.Also I tried to call the store first and there was no answer twice and when I got there it was empty.
4	So I'm a bit confused why anyone would need a yelp review of a 7-11 but here it goes-Slurpees rulethe coffee is goodavoid the food unless your are near deathHope this helps
5	I visited this store the other day and spoke with a gentleman named Jerry that worked in the store.  I was looking for one day bus passes and he stated that they only sell 15 and 30 day bus passes.  He proceeded to let me know where I can go to get these bus passes at several places and was so nice about it.  Anyone that goes above and beyond to help someone out that didn't purchase a thing in the store, gets 5 stars in my book!  Thank you Jerry for the helpful information.
3	To dirty to be in a nice o part if town ...Clean up please ...In self  serving food area !!!!
1	Well I went there again my bad...The lady after serving  cigarettes..  went I ask for a hotdog.. Don't  even try to wash her hands ... WELL SIR I PUT MY GLOVER OK OK !!! It doesn't matter wash your hands !!! We are not in .... wherever you are fron!!!
5	All I know is 7-11 has quite a few flavors on coffee..tastes great and the price $1.35 and they usually have a special on a pastry each month for .20 yes .20 cents.. I'm on a budget so for me $1.50 instead if 8 bucks in the morning I can have me cake and eat it too!! Lol Happy Monday!
1	Dirty all over the food area I don't know if even have health  card Need in Nevada to work with food Taco stands are cleaner than that place .
