5	I cannot say enough wonderful things about this specific storage facility. * The customer service has been above and beyond with every interaction with every employee. *99% of my personal belongings have been kept here and there's never been a break in.* The prices are reasonable and they were kind to me when my dad was dying and I forgot I had bills that needed to be paid. PRICELESS.If you are looking for a storage facility in this area I highly recommend giving them a shot.
2	**This review is strictly for the U-haul division of this business.I have rented from U-haul about 10 times in my life, and I have gracefully accepted that the bill is going to far exceed any estimates I have...somehow...every time. But just FYI these 10-14 ft. trucks get about 6-8 MPG. so plan on a $30-$40 fill up for an average move.Whatever. Nothing to be done about that, just something they don't advertise. However, with dozens of these mom and pop type operations in any given market and prices that are essentially fixed due to competition, what makes or breaks you is CUSTOMER SERVICE.Here is what was provided:The truck I asked for, when I asked for it and a decent interaction when I came to pick it up.Here is where I had the problem:I accidentally left some items in the truck. I had someone helping me move and they didn't re-check the truck before closing it up. My fault? Of course...But not the point.So did anyone call me to find out if I had done this by accident and ask if they should set them aside for me?Nope.They tossed them in the dumpster and charged me a $25 cleaning fee.They were more focused on that extra $25 than taking the 2 minutes it would take to call me and create some good will (Which, incidentally leads to referrals, and positive word of mouth.) If they had charged me and still called to ask, I still would have been relatively appreciative. I have done this before. The difference before being that U-haul was located in South Georgia, and Judy the manager called to let me know I had left some bungees and a wench strap in the back of the truck, and asked if I would like for her to hold on to them until I could come pick them up.Maybe I should not expect every place to render that level of service...But I do.
4	I came here to rent a U-Haul toward the end of December. Typically, they said that they typically run out of U-Haul's to rent toward the end of the month, when everyone seems to want to move.We were lucky enough to get a U-Haul in the size that we wanted. It was a little raggedy, but that was expected.Service was quick and the employees were friendly.I would recommend this location for U-Haul rentals.P.S. Don't forget to refill the tank, or else they'll charge you a crap-load. Also, it's $0.89/mile.
5	Amazing customer service from the on-site management, convenient location, and reasonable prices.  100% recommended!
