3	I went to this Applebee's recently with part of a medium sized group.  Even though I go up to Norterra/Happy Valley area on a quite regular basis, I had NO idea where this was when someone suggested it.  Luckily, we found it tucked right next to the Bank of America.  We arrived around 6:30 p.m. on a Saturday night.  There might have been a bomb scare at some point, because the place was maybe 25-30% full.  We were seated quickly and had very good service the whole time, our waitress being very patient with us while we chatted for awhile before even checking out the menus.  The food was ok, I ordered the trios (or whatever their menu is where you order three items).  It was fine, nothing special though.  The food was closer to a 2.5 and the service was a 4, so I'm averaging and rounding down to a 3.  I don't have any reason to not go here, but I don't really have any reason to, and I don't think I'll be back.
2	Not going back.I used to go here all the time... when I started going here about 2 years ago, the place was great.  Not conservative with drinks and the food was pretty tasty.  The waiters were nice and friendly.Came here last nght with a large party of friends and I was not pleased and that opinion was shared by everybody at my table.We were crammed in their largest booth... not a problem.  But it is a problem when someone has to leave for a minute and so you don't want to make everybody move again, so you come back and sit on the end right?  Waiter didn't like that and had the cojones to ask us to not move seats.I understand that it's inconvenient for the waiter as far as the check out goes, but I'm sorry, it's not about them.  If you're paying my bill, you can call the shots on where I sit in my booth.  But since you're not, we will figure out who gets what bill especially when all of us have our own separate checks anyway.  We know who got what and we'll help the waiter figure it out because we aren't total assholes... so don't ask us to not move seats when we aren't in chairs.I had the california shrimp salad... used to be better.  The dressing wasn't that great, a couple tomatos in it weren't as fresh as I felt they should be.But the kicker... after nobody had had no more than 2 beers and it was clear we had DD's (I was one of them), we were told that they were cutting us off.  Yes, we are loud and have fun and laugh, but isn't that what you're supposed to do???  Apparently that's not ok with this Applebees.Bad enough, those of us that were drinking something other than alcoholic didn't get any refills of what we were drinking... I'm not going back.  It has just gotten worse and worse there and so they might as well just shut down their bar and make it a family restaurant if they want people to quietly sit and eat their food and not complain about poor service.
3	It was "ok." We got the two for $20 deal. The artichoke dip was good, but not great. The ribs were surprisingly good. We ordered two (SMALL) apple margaritas, and I was stunned upon getting the bill to find that they were almost nine dollars each! A bit ridiculous to me. Our waitress was really not engaging, but the service was prompt.
2	We ended up here for lunch one day because we we're tired of the usual places. Soon after we were seated, (in a booth that was too small for our party)  I realized I entered a time warp. The low ceilings and crap covering the walls felt very 90's. I really didn't feel like sharing my salad with an over sized picture of Brandy. They need to update their look just like TGI Fridays has done. Now, on to the food...........It was good enough but boring and typical. My biggest complaint was paying over $2.00 for an iced tea. One single iced tea. The refills were not flowing and the waitress visits were few and far between. So with the ice, it was $2.35 for half of a glass of iced tea. When you compare Applebee's prices to other chains like Chili's and Friday's they are much more expensive. Our simple lunch cost more than our last dinner at Chili's.
2	In the past we've received good food and service at this location, but yesterday was completely the opposite. Despite not being very busy at 12:45pm, our table of five had to wait for the table to be  bussed before being seated. Our flatware all had dishwasher residue all over it, which was the first sign of things to come. We all had the soup/salad all-you-can-eat special for $6.99. Three of us asked for no bacon on our shrimp salad, but all three were incorrect. The waitress took two of them back and left us with our soup, which I didn't want to start eating because she hadn't yet brought the hot sauce (they only have Tobasco, which in Arizona is pretty stupid) I had requested 10 minutes earlier. Another 10 minutes later she brought the rest of the salads, by which time the others at our table had finished their first rounds. We all had beverages (one cold tea, 2 waters, and 2 coffees) which would have free refills but we had to keep asking for refills instead of being offered. The waitress forgot the lemon that my sister-in-law had requested. The waitress once cleared 4 of our plates but went and served another table before clearing the last of ours ten minutes later. The Santa Fe chicken salad was described in the menu as coming with pico de gallo. My husband had two tiny chopped pieces of tomato in his, I had none. We were there for a total of 65 minutes, to be served nothing but pre-made soups and salads. Strangely, my sister-in-law was served a salad after everyone had said we were ready for the check. I don't think the waitress smiled once. I couldn't help but feel a bit sorry for her, though, as she looked nine months pregnant, and sick with the flu. The food was tasty and a good value, which is the only reason I'm giving more than one star. ALL FIVE OF US had EXPLOSIVE DIARRHEA within 5 minutes of finishing our food, even though two of us had ordered completely different soups/salad combinations. Absolutely the WORST experience we've ever had in an Applebee's anywhere.
2	This place is where other ( good bars) go to die.  Too dark and it always smells like a dirty dish rag.  Bathroom smells like a pig pin.
3	I would rate this particular applebees a 3 only because of the good service. If it was based on my food that was placed infront of me it would definatly be rated a 1. My boyfriend and I went out to eat here last Saturday night, we got a table immediatly and our server was right there to get our drink order. He was very fast and very good. However our food was horrible. We each ordered a steak (at about $15.00 a piece) - I ordered mine medium rare and my boyfriend ordered his medium. I honestly think that those steaks were on the grill for not even five full minutes. My boyfriends steak was so so so very much rarer then mine and mine was what can you say almost raw. no where near medium or medium rare. My boyfriends mashed potatoes were eehhhh flavorless i guess you could say, and as for out mixed/seasonal vegetables- well it was just a big stalk of broccolli. I didnt really even eat and we did not dare to send our steaks back although we definatly should have, however I have worked ina restaurant and I know you do not send your steak back to be recooked. Very disappointing experience. Will not go back.
2	Arrowheads Applebee's is much more enjoyable! Went to karaoke last night an it was so horrible. The dj and his crew sang most of the songs :/ there were some families after 11... I thought there had to be an age limit to be in the bar after 10? There were some annoying high school girls screaming spice girls... Help me!!!!
4	Went to Applebee's at Happy Valley/I-17 on Friday night to use our "25th Anniversary"  gift card with hubby and son.  We all ordered the Blue Cheese Bacon Hamburger.  It was loaded!   The blue cheese was probably the best weve ever had!  The only dissappointment we had was the low portion of french fries I received in my order and had to ask for some more.  When more arrived it was about 15 more in a rather large basket??   What's up with the french fries Applebee's??  IS there a shortage of potatoes? Other then that it was a good dinner and we were so fullllll.
3	Very clean and good location. Been here several times, usually for happy hour, and have never had a bad experience. Nothing super special but the Bees is a good solid choice for food or drinks when you don't feel like thinking about where to go.  They recently got Kilt lifter in which is a bonus!Honestly its a solid place for those trying this budget thing out.  There are many specials and the food is always decent enough.  Service is friendly, but at times can be sketchy.  But since they are rotating servers all the time, I can't hold that too much against them.Its a solid 3 star place.  But remember, its applebees, so you should know what to expect.
2	The last time I went to this Applebee's I ordered a salad with a very specific dressing.  When my order arrived, they simply did not provide any dressing whatsoever and they at that point proceeded to tell me that my dressing was not available.  Furthermore, they also messed up my dining guest's order.  The staff's response was to act like they didn't really care.  I've been to Applebee's other locations and have never experienced as poor of service as I have from this location.
5	after waiting over and hour at another restaurant we had reservations at and still waited for over an hour we called ahead ad they had our table ready, rushed our appatizers!  our waiter Sean was awesome, very accommodating, personable, and laughed right along with us... really turned our eveing around!
5	I order my steak medium well and it's very "rare" (pardon the pun) that I get a steak cooked that way.  It's usually well done at other places.  I consistently get steaks here ordered just the way I ordered. Cooked, with a little bit of pink.  Always flavorful, always tender.  Broccoli that came with it was seasoned deliciously.  This time the mashed potatoes were a little bland, but not worth a mark against this place.  Place is always clean and bathrooms are always clean and well stocked (Tip: Always check the bathroom to see how clean the restaurant is as a whole!).  Manager is awesome.  Makes her rounds to each table when she's working.  Stops and takes the time to chat with us creating that homey feeling.  She actually sat down and spent some time with us at our table one time!  My husband and I love coming here.  We try to be careful with our money and are discouraged when our hard-earned money is spent on sub-standard food.  Always walk away with a great experience!  Thanks staff for all your hard work!
4	My wife and I come here for the Unlimited Soup and Salad. My wife always gets the Santa Fe Salad and usually the Broccoli soup. If it isn't the soup of the day then she will get the French Onion Soup. On occasion she goes for the Corn Chowder Soup. Her only complaint is they serve Pepsi products instead of Coke.  For me I always get the Oriental Chicken Salad with either the French Onion Soup, or the Corn Chowder.If you have never been to a Applebee's for their Unlimited Soup and Salad  you should give it a try.  This particular location is clean as one would hope and the staff is attentive as expected. It is a nice place to grab a quick bite in the neighborhoodCUSTOMER SERVICE: The wait service is always friendly and quick.  FOOD: The food isn't out of this world phenomenal, but it is pretty good and reasonable priced and always a  good value. AMBIENCE: Fun with a very comfortable feel but sometimes it trends a little loud but not so much that it still wouldn't be a good place for dates and casual conversation. CONCLUSION: I can't really think of anything I don't like about the place.  This place is a clean, and trendy. We definitely leave full and happy which is why we come back often.
3	I was considerably impressed with this Applebee's, especially taking into play the fact that I usually can't stand any Applebee's. Came here on a Thursday night with my boyfriend. The place is considerably small, but we were seated immediately. I ordered the Thai Shrimp Salad and he got the appetizer trio or something like that with buffalo wings, mozzarella sticks and pretzel sticks w/ beer cheese. It came out in a reasonable amount of time. Being on their under 500 calories menu, I figures that the Thai shrimp salad was going to be sub-par, however it came out with 14 (I counted) well-seasoned, perfectly cooked and de-veined mini shrimp on top, which in my opinion is a really good deal for $10.99. The dressing was good, and was a nice mixture of spicy and sweet. I felt that they put a little too many pieces of shredded carrots and edamame pieces in it compared to the lettuce, but it wasn't a big deal. My only complaint would be that some of the lettuce wasn't as fresh as it could be and there were a couple of wilted pieces. Overall bill came out to be around $32 which is a tad high in my opinion for an Applebee's but whatever. I can't complain. The service is plainly average. Our server was there when she was supposed to be, but there wasn't anything fantastic or above average about her.
4	We went here for lunch one afternoon.  I got the Cowboy burger, and my wife got her usual, the quesadilla burger. We had two servers, Leah and Madison, and both were great. The food came out hot and fresh.  It was pretty standard for an Applebee's in my experience.  The place was clean and the service was fast.  This is definitely a location I would go back to.
2	There are 2 stars for service. The other 3 were taken away because the value for your money is horrible.The nice commercial about the take two entres is very misleading. The nice juicy steak in the commercial is just a steak nugget, barely bigger than my thumb! For that price you also get a wedge of iceberg lettuce which amounts to 1/8 of a small head of lettuce.Strangely the "meal" is delicious but what exactly on the plate was worth $10.99??By the way, if you want a real second entre, the price is $11.99.Was the excess charge for the skillful way the cook kept the nugget from falling through the grill? Maybe it was for the extra char on the nugget? Or maybe the 4 leaves of raw spinach under the nugget?Find some place else and save your hard earned money.
1	I hate this place so much! The smell of burnt fry oil consumes you when you arrive. Then we sat at the bar which smelled even worse and tiny fruit fly's everywhere. If you are reading this and you are the health inspector, please drop in and give this place a much needed wrist slap.
2	Sitting at the Mellow Mushroom right across the street, just keep asking myself why didn't we do this the first time? We wanted to get something to eat like a small app and a cold beer, and we really happened to have a gift card for this place. We entered, smelt like burnt oil, bar counter top was gross and not clean at all... onion rings were okay, but the mozzarella sticks sucked. You've done it again, Crapelbees. JThis is the second time I've been to this place in another state, and yet it disappoints. Service was okay.
1	Food not cooked correctly twice then had bill delivered to table while still eating.  Then while still eating waitress came by to ask if we were ready to pay bill. REALLY -let us finish eating
1	Sad sorry service. If you want to drop a few pounds this is the place to eat lunch as the soup and salad lunch deal is one time only and that is so small that my girlfriend and I laughed out loud. Never even offered a tea refill after waiting 30 min for our tiny lunch. No wonder I dislike this joint.
2	Met a friend for dinner here the week of Christmas. It wasn't very busy at all so I guess everyone was out shopping. I ordered the three-cheese chicken penne with no tomatoes. The pasta wasn't very hot when it came out. There also wasn't a lot of chicken on it, which was fine with me, but others might find it to be skimpy. It tasted alright and I ended up eating it all... should have taken some for leftovers as the sauce is heavy. The garlic bread that came with it was not very good... it wasn't warm and tasted borderline stale. They really need to serve better garlic bread. We also got the chocolate chip cookie sundae for dessert. It was pretty good. But overall, not my favorite meal.
