5	WOW!  This hotel just opened, and I have watched it be built from the ground up!  It's beautiful!  This hotel is located smack dab downtown in the heart of phoenix at 3rd Street and Van Buren, across the street from the Arizona Center.I waltzed through the lobby, and it was geourgous. Staff greeted me immediately, and they have a tremendous amount of seating.  I would hope to stay here one day, as I can only imagine what the rooms look like after seeing the lobby!
5	I haven't stayed here (yet) but I feel I'm qualified to make a few observations about the brand new hotel (and offer it 5 stars, natch) because of the time I spent loitering around the lobby, outside the meeting rooms, on the 25th floor, near the pool, on the 2nd and 3rd floor areas, and so on.  My friend and I pretty much saw the whole thing.  Our thoughts:Pool is small, so families/pool lovers take caution.  Meeting areas: we didn't go in any of these but the photos I've seen make them look beautiful.  Rooms look nice from what I've seen peeping through a random window with the drapes open.  I can't say enough how nice the furnishings, lighting, carpeting, wall treatments, etc. of the common areas are.  There's a very large lounge-type area near one of the meeting rooms, filled with what's essentially very tasteful if repetitive living room furniture.  The accents were nice.  The furniture is quite comfortable.  The lobby itself is stunning.  I'm hoping to check out the restaurant soon as well, but for now read the generally positive reviews of District (the hotel restaurant) under the restaurant section.  In summation, I was quite impressed with every single aspect of the hotel that I was able to experience.  Even the disaster that is its exterior was relegated to nothing more than a minor quibble after checking out the splendor of the interior.  In the future, I look forward to staying here and offering my thoughts on the rooms, the staff/service, and other features that you can only experience by staying in a hotel.  But from what I've seen so far, this place looks awesome.
4	Great hotel! I checked in on Wednesday, it was late and the front desk girls were great. They made me laugh and we had an actual conversation. The hotel was very modern, trendy, convenient to so much downtown. My room was perfect. Big comfortable down bed, flat screen tv, and wireless internet.... I stay in a lot of hotels and when they say they have wireless internet Im always skeptical because it tends to be just slightly faster than dialup with constant losses. This was perfect--given the 13/day charge. My hesitation from the last 5th star was their in-room dining menu. I looked everywhere for the menu, come to find out you access on order on your TV! ... I guess my order was too complicated because I ended up calling anyway. They guarantee it in 30 min or less and both times I got it as close to the 30 min as possible. The food was nothing special, definitely not worth the exorbitant room service charges. I would stay here again.
5	What a gorgeous hotel!  The entrance alone was pretty impressive with it's large circular driveway and guys dressed in white uniforms ready to help you with your bags.  In fact, the staff throughout the hotel are all very friendly and helpful.  Our room was elegant and we had a fantastic view of downtown from the 25th floor.  The beds were dressed with crisp white linens and they're oh so comfy.  There's a flat-screen tv on the wall, plenty of lighting wherever you need it, and the bathroom has a very spa-like feel.  Their towels are big and plush.  The Bliss bath amenities are mandarin orange and mint scented, which were refreshing and yummy-smelling.I stayed for two nights and made my first visit to Phoenix a very comfortable one.  You really get a lot for the modest nightly rate.
4	Had my first black tie (the Night of Gold Ball benefiting John C. Lincoln Health Foundation) event at the new Sheraton downtown. They did a great job. The space is fantastic, the food was above average for mass production and the service was excellent. I would recommend this venue to other charitable organizations.
4	Just got back from a four day stay and it was wonderful.  The staff was super attentive, polite, helpful and enthusiastic.  Each one seemed very well trained in their position.  From Bruce at the front desk, to Jerry at the Bar, everyone bent over backwards to be of service.  I am rating it four stars instead of five, only because our room still lacked some finishing touches, like the missing room safe, no phone book or a hotel info booklet. The Club Lounge didnt have a printer for the computer.  I believe these are all quirks but as soon as they are made aware of the shortcomings, they will be quickly amended.  This is a brand new Sheraton and one of the nicest ones I've ever stayed at.   We ate at the Restaurant four times and each entree was a treat to the senses.  The only thing that was disappointing was that the entrees were so exciting but the desserts were boring.  Banana Split, Rootbeer Floats.  Don't get me wrong.  The desserts are exactly as described on the menu however, after a wonderful meal, i was expecting something better.  Somehow, (we didn't  complain, it just got out), when we got back to our rooms, the restaurant manager called to express his regrets that we didn't enjoy our desserts so he took it off our bill.  Is that impressive, or what?  A manager that actually cares!  I am spreading the news of this hotel and fabulous restaurant.  We ate for a change of pace at some restaurant across the street at the Arizona Center, called "1030".  Boy, was that a mistake.  It just doesn't compare to the District.  Same price, but not nearly the same quality of food.
4	I've actually had the pleasure of staying here twice now, the first time didn't rate a review because it was after my company holiday party, I was drunk, and crashing in friends rooms.  However that experience taught me that their staff, especially management is extremely tolerant of a larger herd of inebriated tech people moving through their hotel, but still stern enough to protect the sleeping guests.The second time I stayed was after going to a concert at US Airways center.  From the moment we pulled into the parking garage, the stay was excellent.  The valet service was well worth the additional charge, the staff treated us like princesses, and everyone was extremely friendly.The rooms are nice, well equipped - cordless phone on the desk, flat screen TVs (you can check out or order room service on TV) and ironing board, iron and hair dryers.  The BEDS, my god, the beds...pillow topped mattresses, not too soft, not to firm.  Super luxurious sheets, and a thick duvet and a feather blanket, added to the generous 4 amazing pillows per bed made going to sleep a treat.  I also love the thick drapes that block out all that nasty morning sun, letting me sleep in and enjoy the bed even longer.The hotel facilities over all are nice - except the pool was closed.  The fitness center is top notch - actually better weight and cardio equipment than my gym - all of the cardio had a TV built in - just hook up your headphones and watch what you want, no having to share or any nonsense like that.  We walked around the ball room/conference room areas, and those all seemed well appointed, but we never felt like crashing any of the meetings, they looked pretty boring, and there didn't seem to be any free stuff being handed out.The lobby bar actually has a decent selection of on tap beer, as well as the usual mixed drinks and what not.  The service there was fast and friendly, and it was a great location for people watching as the guests moved across the lobby.The restaurant was good - we had the breakfast buffet, a wide selection of hot foods, pastries and cereals and yogurts.  They serve Starbucks coffee, which may not be a plus to everyone, but was still tasty and fresh.  After we checked out, they even held our bags and let me keep my car in the garage while we went off and did other downtown things - so I didn't have to go find my car or pay for parking elsewhere.Throughout the hotel they feature local artists, some is amazing, some is interesting, but I love that it's local.  They also have some of the neatest floor lamps I have ever seen.  Overall, both times have been awesome, and I would love to stay here again.
4	I was here for a conference and I must say the Sheraton is quite nice.  I love their memory foam beds (ahhhhhh..now can I get some Dhani Jones with that??) and all the catering here is top notch.  The weirdness?  A lap pool. And a strange, detached sun deck.  It feels like the whole thing was an afterthought.The service?  Superb.  Plus they escorted me to a lovely towncar (which is only $5 more than a cab and 1000x more luxurious) upon leaving for the airport.  Their touchscreen computers for printing boarding passes suck to high hell but I won't hold that against them.  I liked the whole deal.
4	I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights and it was great. The only reason I'm giving this hotel 4 out of 5 stars is for decor. If they had gone just a little above and beyond the average hotel look, it would absolutely be a 5 star.Upon arrival the bellman pulled all my luggage from the cab and gave me a 30 second intro to the hotel, including pool, internet, and restuarant info. I was greeted promptly by the front desk and checked-in.My room was great. Nice big bed, clean bathroom, flat screen tv, but just a plain room. No decorative flair, something that I'd expect in a brand new hotel. The gym was FANTASTIC with brand new equipment, weight machines, free weights and mats/balls. The pool was beautiful too.The restaurant was pretty good. While the food was good, nothing memorable and the uniforms that the servers and hosts wear are terrible. However, the service was great and everyone was friendly. One of my favorite parts of the hotel was the lobby because you can get a drink while you're hanging out. As soon as you sit down, the server would come take your order.I held meetings here for three days and the catering, executive meetings, and AV staff were absolutely fantastic. They made sure everything ran smoothly and were quick to problem solve. They are probably one of the best groups that I've ever worked with.My least favorite part about this hotel (besides the lack of decor) was their taxi/town car service. They only have town cars sitting in their bay, not metered taxis. I went to Tempe one night to see a friend and the town car driver tried to charge me $39 for one way! ABSURD! The next night, going to the same location, I walked across the street and hailed a regular cab and the same right was $29, still pricey, but more reasonable.I'll be coming back here for another meeting in February. I have no doubts that it will be fantastic.
4	Hands down, the nicest and swankiest Sheraton I have ever stayed in.  I'm sure this is due to the fact that the hotel is brand-new, which is the only reason I booked here - generally I think of Sheratons as the most outdated and downmarket of the so-called luxury class of hotels.  OK, that sounds snobby, but if a hotel expects $200 or more a night, then I expect my money's worth.  The lobby is simply stunning, and the rooms are decorated very tastefully with modern furnishings and dark wood.  The bed was super comfortable and the leather ottomans stashed under the credenza were a nice touch.  Very nice bath products too - I could not believe my eyes when I saw Bliss spa products on the sleek bathroom counter!!  To top it all off, the hotel bar is actually a legitimate bar with a bustling happy hour scene and live music on the weekends.  On second thought, are you sure this is really a Sheraton??   Color me impressed.
5	I've stayed here twice in the last few months and have not been disappointed. The rooms are clean and the service is excellent. The bellman gave me a card with his name and extension...he offered help with any questions during my stay and concierge was also just as hospitable. I sat down by myself for drinks/lunch in the bar and was able to get to know Joanne the bartender. She made me the best mojito I've ever had and she also introduced me to the other staff and GM. When you stay there make sure to get a mojito from her!!! They took very good care of me and I plan to stay here every time I stay in Phoenix.
5	Had so much fun there for our son's birthday in July. Phoenix feels like a mini city coming from San Diego. We had a view of the airplanes coming in from the west and could see the city wake-up to the morning. The kids liked seeing into the highrise office buildings nearby, too.  Room service was so fun with a suprise birthday candle in the cake! There is a "suspended" pool on the 4th floor that we looked down on and we saw all the furniture blow into the pool when a huge windstorm kicked up. Walking distance to a mall with some decent restaurants if you don't want to dine-in. You CANNOT beat the beds. They are a special brand for these hotels and they are THE selling point for my husband when weighing out the cost of the room!! Very good experience!
5	Finished a site inspection with their sales manager Rich and I was blown away. Rich was an absolute pleasure to work with and knew his property inside and out. The property (common areas, restaurant, guest rooms, suites, meeting spaces) is absolutely gorgeous. A lot of attention has been paid to the smallest features of the decor (including the reason why they carpet and wallpaper the guest room corridors with alternate dark/cozy spaces and higher and brighter spaces). Memory foam beds, toiletries from Bliss Spa, welcoming colors...a lot of great amenities.This property is supposed to be the flagship hotel that Sheraton is rebuilding it's brand on. If that's the case, there are very bright things in store for its' future.
4	Had a chance to stay here during my brief PHX trip.What I liked:-great staff and concierge. Personal greetings and helped our company with accomodations, directions, my luggage was in my room in no time.-classic W-Sheraton-Westin room!!! Heavenly bed...nuff said!!! Great view of the street and da killer cacti. LOL. All the toiletries, coffee maker, flat screen TV, the usual!-LINK cafe@Sheraton was very helpful to get computer access as I didn't have my laptop. Served food/coffee and there were comfy seats.-great meeting rooms for our company get together, not to mention an easy to find.-across the street from some ok food places, only 10-15 minutes from the airport.Why no fifth star:-meeting rooms were a bit cold, the AC was on longer than expected.-trivial reason, but they gave me my room number: 911. Yikes!!! Considering I had to give a speech a few hrs after check-in, this wasn't a good omen.Overall, classic Starwood service and great staff. Comfy rooms and would definitely stay again if in the downtown PHX area.
3	I really liked this hotel and would stay again.  The location was super convenient to the light rail to the airport, the convention center, local restaurants (including ones with good Yelp reviews), and the movie theater.  Their hotel restaurant was very good (and the food fresh), the room was adequately sized and comfortable, the lobby was beautiful, and the hotel overall was newly constructed.I subtracted one star for overbooking and knocking us out to a sister hotel 1/2 hour away (with advance notice and with compensation, including hourly shuttle service back to the fully-booked downtown area) for part of the stay, another 1/2 star for messing up the restaurant billing to the room number and then saying they could do nothing about it since I didn't have the receipt, and another 1/2 for forgetting to apply the small compensation for miscellaneous expenses because of the original goof-up.  (They had the note in their computer but somehow it was never transferred to the actual account billing.)For the restaurant billing, I think the waiter got our two bills mixed up since we had separate checks at our table of 2, for business reasons.  So, I got billed to my room someone's else's higher check.  Anyway, an hour later, I was checking out and noticed the odd charge.  I explained that it looked like the other person's charge and that mine should be lower.  They indicated they couldn't change it since I didn't have a receipt, even though I had just finished eating.  I just told them to hold on while I walked around the lobby to the restaurant.  The waiter was still there, cleaning up, and I asked him for his copy of the receipt.  He apologized for the mixup and turned around plucked one of the first bills off the countertop and handed it to me.  I gave it to the front desk, who then adjusted my account, and then I walked the bill back to the waiter.  All that could have been done by the staff.  (Or perhaps they didn't believe me in the first place.)But like I said, I would stay here again, keeping all receipts and perhaps checking my account balance periodically.
4	Free internet at the Link Cafe in the lobby if you are a guest of the hotel. Lots of stations, and you can sit as long as you like. I like that.  I don't always want to lug my computer around, but I do want easy internet access to check out Yelp and plan my next eatery or hot spot.Big, tall, vacuous lobby.   Pool next too the large, large workout room.  The lounge chairs at the pool line up and face a wall across the narrow lap pool.  I imagine there are logistics to work out when designing hotel pools.Nice rooms with large bathroom so I can spread out and get pretty!
3	I recently stayed at the Sheraton Phoenix Downtown Hotel for a two week conference.  I would give the hotel a 3-4 star rating, but their rewards program is a ONE!Pros: The rooms were descent and were ready immediately for me, although some of our group had to wait up to six hours to receive their rooms.  A huge benefit was the "green" bonus, if you choose to not have your room cleaned hang a sign out the night before and  they give you a five dollar coupon for the bar or restaurant.CONS:  I had a package delivered to the hotel.  When I checked out I had a $5.66 charge on my bill. When I asked what it was for they stated that it was a "handling charge" for delivery.Additionally, I am a Starwood Preferred Guest and they were running a promotion stay three nights and get one free. Well I stayed 12 consecutive nights and was told that since it was booked with a special rate that I am not entitled to any promo points.   In an email from their corporate office, I was told "Kindly be noted that if you have one or more consecutive nights' stay at the same property, it will be counted as 1 stay."  So what is the benefit of a rewards program that will not give away points to people with extended stay!
5	I finally spent the night at the Phoenix Downtown Sheraton.  It is a beautiful hotel.  Previously, my husband and I have attended several Black Tie Events (John C. Lincoln Health Foundation Night of Gold) in its massive ballroom.  It is a wonderful venue for a charity event.  But my only true hotel experiences were the ballroom, common areas, the gorgeous lobby and bar.  I felt that before I could really review a hotel property, I had to sleep there.  Lady Gaga recently came to Phoenix to strut her stuff. A few of us decided we had to see this and needed a home base close to US Airways Arena.  A 30th floor 2-bedroom suite at the Downtown Phoenix Sheraton perfectly fit the bill.  With 4 of us spending the night a few friends joined us as we primped and partied in anticipation of seeing Mama Monster.  Everything about the Sheraton was seamless.  Parking valet, check in, and bellman were very efficient.  The room was WOW! There were two bedrooms, each connecting to a common living room with a view of downtown Phoenix and South Mountain beyond.  We were able to watch all of the concert activity around US Airways from our windows!   Furnishings are new and tasteful in a very clean simple way.  Contemporary prints of cacti decorate the walls. Bathrooms are large and stocked with nice toiletries.  The beds are WONDERFUL with white down comforters and lots of fluffy pillows.  Flat screen TVs, large work desks, bar in living room, cordless telephones, black out drapes (very important after a gaga night!) and even an efficient video check out.I will return again to the Downtown Sheraton and would highly recommend it to anyone traveling on business or enjoying an evening in the Phoenix downtown area.
5	I had an extremely pleasant and enjoyable stay at the Sheraton in dowtown phoenix.By far, this is the best Sheraton I have stayed in, and I would not hesitate to book my stay here, when I return to downtown Phoenix.In my opinion the downtown Phoenix Sheraton should be a model and example for all other Sheratons. The agent who checked me in was very welcoming, friendly and pleasant, all associates say hello to you when you walk past them through the lobby, rather than just staring down their screens and ignoring you which happens at most other hotels!Also my favorite part about the hotel is the District.  As well as being a fantastic environment and atmosphere, there is a great selection of microbrew beers, the food there is really good and the bar staff are also very friendly, welcoming and attentive.Breakfast was great too.  It was a really good selection at the breakfast bar, and the staff who served me for breakfast were very polite and courteous, which means a lot in a day and an age where 'pleases' and 'thank yous' are scarce.  On some mornings, I had 2 staff serving me and I assumed one was in training, but both members of staff were as polite and courteous as each other, which is a credit to both their existing staff and new hires.  With the free breakfast / free appetizer, room upgrade, and personalized greetings, I truly felt that I fully experienced my SPG Platinum benefits too.My positive experiences at the hotel ensured that I went to work with a positive, confident attitude each day, ready to take on the day's challenges,
4	There's clearly two types of Sheratons: 1) Old ratholes that should be shutdown b/c all they do is destroy the brand and 2) New construction like the Sheraton Phoenix built 2 years ago or the Sheraton TriBeCa that was brand new construction and has been open a couple of months.Great property, good service, solid concierge lounge, quality rooms and acceptable internet speed 1.70 Mb/s down (http://www.speedtest.net/result/1052363059.png).
4	Didn't stay here, but I participated in a Nullify Now event that was held here.The decor and vibe are amazing. So perfect. So fresh. The staff is extremely accommodating. They weren't so much friendly and smiley... just professional and very helpful. Everything felt so nice. It felt good to be here.Loved the artwork. I posted some pics here on Yelp. Overall, great experience, other than the price. Very pricey. Way out of my budget. That's the only reason for sans the one star.
4	Beautiful hotel, nice rooms, great service one big problem, for what you pay on the rooms you should get free internet. $13 bucks for 24 hours that is ridiculous . Awesome workout facility that you don't have to pay for, but they get that back in drink prices. 6 bucks for domestic? Ouch.
4	Fantastic hotel in Downtown Phoenix.  The rooms are very comfortable and well appointed.  The gym on the 4th floor is free to hotel guests and includes a great variety of equipment and aerobic machines.  We enjoyed our experience at the hotel and would stay here again.
5	I took my wife to brunch on Mothers Day.  We had an awesome time.  The service was perfect and so was the food.  In my opinion you couldnt have done a much better job!
5	Pulled up to the hotel and unfortunately Self Parking was not available but the had Valet for a discounted price. Valet attendant was helpful and Polite. Checking in was nice and fast. The room was nice, bathroom had like 5 mirrors but it was cool. Bathroom was very spacious. The bed was comfortable and soft.Had the chance to be there during the Christmas holiday and they had a tree up that was cvery pretty. Also, a beautiful train set near the front desk and restaurant that was decorated with snow and "north pole" items. It was nice to see a hotel ingage in the holiday spirit the way they did. The restaurant staff was friendly. We had the opportunity to try their mini pulled pork sandwhiches. There were 3 mini kaiser rolls with pulled bbq pork and a tin, thin slice of apple on top of the meat. It was very tasty and hit the spot at 10:30pm. The tater tots were delicios as well. Loved the Restaurant!The day of check-out there was a line to get your car from valet that went through the lobby. It was annoying having to wait in that line, but the hotel put out a table with fruit and coffee for guest to help themselves to while waiting. I think this was EXCELLANT customer service. It made up for having to wait in line for your car. I look forward to going back next year :)
4	We have stayed at the Sheraton for the past three years at the end of June and the hotel has only gotten better.  Our preference is a two room suite at the Club level which allows for adequate breakfast and light hor d'oeuvres' in the evening.  The rooms are very quiet and the beds are great, as are the amenities in the room (flat screen, etc).  The workout room is better than most full service facilities with fabulous equipment for aerobic and strength.  Hotel staff are on their toes and very, very gracious.  The only thing that irritates us is the daily charge for Wi-Fi which is provided free by many other Starwood chains (this should be a no-brainer perk on the Club Level).  If Hampton Inns provide this as a free service (and what's free in a hotel, eh?) than a big and expensive hotel should do the same.  Otherwise, great location and is strongly recommended.
4	I stay here frequently on business, and am very happy with the hotel. It's new, so it has up-to-date facilities, and the staff are friendly and competent. The exercise facilities are among the best I've seen in any hotel, period. The restaurant is a cut above -- considerably above -- the standard hotel restaurant in this country, with reasonable prices for quite good food. As a matter of fact, it's become one of my favorite places anywhere in the downtown area, and on Sundays, when Phoenix downtown is just about deserted, it feels almost like the only choice.The one thing I don't care for is the way the hotel handles taxi service. There's a line of town-car limos, not regular taxis, and they are more expensive than taxis, as far as I can tell. I've learned to call a taxi ahead of time for the ride to the airport (if I'm leaving after noon; the hotel's $12 shuttle can't be beat in the morning).All in all, however, this hotel is fine in almost every way.
2	This is a nice hotel, but all the extra fees are ridiculous. You think you're getting a good rate, but then with $12.99 a day for internet and $17 for parking, the rate is actually not that good at all. And the way they handle the internet within the hotel is terrible. I guess they are so worried about people stealing it (heaven forbid!) that you have to continually resign onto it throughout the day if you've been inactive on your computer for a few hours. (Even if you leave your laptop on and open in your room.) I was with a group that booked a meeting room, but don't expect internet to come with the room ... they'll tack on an exorbitant fee for that too. How is that I get free, excellent internet in a Motel 6 but not at a Sheraton?
1	Have not stayed here yet, but it was not too soon for my first impression.  After reserving my room a few days ago, I called back because I never received my confirmation email.  Turns out they had my email wrong (a letter was missing.)  No big deal right?  WRONG!  The woman who took my call was short with me and basically kept telling me that my email was spelled correctly (not sure how she would know.)  Anyhow, I insisted on the correct spelling and then finally received my confirmation.  I thanked her for her time, even though I was not very impressed and she hung-up without another word.  Really Sheraton?  I hope you  know that I am staying at your hotel because there is no Marriott nearby for my conference.  I've never been treated like that by Marriott or even the Best Western for that matter.  Nicely done.  Hopefully I can update this review in October when I stay with a nice glowing revival of your staff and your hotel!
5	This is the perfect hotel for the business traveler or someone wanting a nice hotel in a great location downtown!The entire hotel is new and very clean.   All of the staff have been very friendly.  I ordered the grilled cheese and tomato soup off the kids menu and I am certain it was the best grilled cheese I have ever eaten in my entire life!They offer self parking which I have used all four stays in the last two months and it is very convenient for a business traveler who is coming and going.  You can't go wrong with the Sheraton in downtown Phoenix!
5	Summary: This hotel is one of the best Starwood properties I've ever been at. I've been at quite a few; however, the service at this establishment is paramount.Service:When I walked in I was greeted by Jessica and Felisa at the front desk. As a platinum member with Starwood, I typically treated like any other hotel guest, simply asking for my credit card and ID then welcoming me. These two ladies made me feel like a truly special customer and thanked me for my loyalty to the hotel. They engaged me in conversation asking me how I liked traveling so much. Esentially, they just really made me feel the value of being a platinum member.The bartenders downstairs, in particular Matt are great. They are quick, know how to joke around, and overall make a great drink.Quality:The hotel is beautiful. Luckily I was upgraded to a suite on the 30th floor. The room was as beautiful as any hotel in The Joule's Luxury Collection. Rooms were new, well laid out, spacious, and exceptionally decorated. Plenty of lighting, comfortable bed, tons of chairs, just an overall great place.Location: Slightly out of the way if you are planning on hanging out in the Scottsdale area, but then again, this hotel is in Phoenix not Scottsdale.I highly recommend this establishment.
4	High profile hotel in the heart of downtown within walking distance of everything that is fun in the area.  High security keeps hobos and randoms from riding the elevators up to your room.  The rooms are exquisite with comfortable big beds, delicious citrus scented shampoo and conditioner.  The food is a little pricey, but you'll find plenty of options right across the street.
4	Great Starwood property. The staff was very nice, and I felt safe knowing that you could not use the elevator without your room key authorizing your floor. Starbucks coffee and other nice amenities in every room. The gym was really great - lots of treadmills, bikes, elliptical machines and a nice size weight room and they weren't hand me down or ancient machines either. It was really clean too!We didn't love staying in downtown Phoenix, but maybe because we were there over the New Year/weekend and everything seemed dead. We're used to a little more night life in downtown Chicago, but maybe we just didn't know where to go. Nice to be close to the airport though!
4	Very nice staff, comfortable room, but dirty windows.  Hey!  I like looking out the window.  Lots of activity in the lobby bar that I didn't have a chance to partake in.  Next time I'm in town I will likely stay here again.  Love the SPG program.
4	Not bad at all.  When we drove in to unload the car, we were greeted by about seven guys to help us...not kidding!  I guess it was not a busy day.  We then self parked the car, which was easy, and not a huge walk away.  The lobby of this hotel is really really nice!  One of the best of the Sheraton's that I have seen.  I'm glad I ended up here.  I was trying to stay at the Sheraton Phoenix Airport, but saw that they were a category 2, whereas this one was a category 4.  The Airport one had run out of the rate I wanted anyway.  The staff here is incredibly friendly, from the bell service, check-in desk, valet, and concierge.  They do have a service that if you deny room service, you get a $5 bar credit of 500 points.  I would have used it, but my friend dropped her makeup on the floor and we needed vacuuming!  Since we were in and out, we didn't use any of the facilities, such as the bar, the pool, gym, etc.  In a nutshell, clean, comfortable, close to the freeway, across the street from a mall.  Parking is great.  The floors are quiet!  I love staying at Sheraton's and this was no exception!
3	This looks like a nice hotel. I have not stayed as a guest, but I have attended an event there. The second floor has wide open hallways and banquet rooms that can hold a few hundred people. The lobby level has a bar and lots of open seating. It seems to be a well kept and clean hotel with lots of open space for relaxing.
3	Not luxurious, but clean and fairly priced.  Location is downtown next to convention center and sport stadiums, theatre, etc. Service was excellent.  Hotel room was clean, quiet and secure.  Separate elevator for top floor rooms was appreciated.  Bath products a bit on the low end and so were the towels.   Bed was comfortable, room was of adequate size.  Starbucks coffee pods, small cube fridge.  No mini bar.  Fitness center was super!  As was the salt water lap pool.   Again, nothing fancy, but clean and quiet.
2	Summary:  Nice hotel.  Decent room.  Mixed bag service.  Tip:  USE YOUR IN-ROOM SAFE (read below to understand why...)Booked downtown Sheraton for a quick sports staycation (Dbacks Friday, Suns Saturday).  Figured we stay downtown and walk or pedicab around (no designated driver needed :-)).  Booked the Sheraton for it's proximity to the ballpark and arena.  Also, the company has decent negotiated rates w/ Starwood.Arrived and valet'd the car.  Valet staff was uber-friendly and helpful.Went inside to monstrous lobby (w/ 25+ ft ceilings)... nice.  Overall, the common areas of the hotel were quite attractive.  Arrived at the front desk, greeted by pleasant young lady.  Check-in was smooth (even signed up for SPG program - of course, these first spam arrived on my email before we made it upstairs! :-)).So, headed up to the 19th floor...  Found our room and opened the door... At first, I thought the cleaning crew hadn't been in yet.  I saw a shopping bag and a box by the garbage can.  Then, I looked up and saw suitcases and clothing!  Oops!  Luckily no one was there (or I'm sure they'd have freaked out).  Feeling a bit stunned, headed back down to the front desk.  The same pleasant young lady saw us coming and gave a funny look.  "Hi again, anything wrong?"...  Well, ummm, only if we're not on the room-sharing program.  So we advised her of the situation, and looking awfully confused, she turned suddenly and went back to the computer... muttering something about the annoying computer system.  Quickly, she put us in a room on the 18th floor, giving us some explanation that "well, it just popped up" (meaning in the selection on the computer system).  Nicely, but a bit too efficiently, she sent us along our way and quickly turned and walk back through a door behind the front desk - no doubt to go talk to a manager...No big deal - for us anyway.  Yeah, I guess a little apology for the light inconvenience would have been nice, but whatever.  But, what I can only imagine what the other guy (in the room that the hotel gave us a key to!) would think.  I hope they did the right thing and told them, but given the clerk's obvious discombobulation, I'd have to guess no.Knowing this, we were very happy to find an in-room safe when we got to the room :-).  Speaking of which, the room was clean and nicely, if a bit spartanly, decorated.  Flat screen TV was mounted on the wall, but at 32" seemed way too small for a large wall with nothing else on it.  Nice view over the north side of the city and mountains.  Bathroom was clean, fairly large, and basic (about what you'd find in a Hilton Garden Inn or a Courtyard).  The bed was nice, but too soft for our tastes - and we woke up feeling pretty sore.Got up next morning and ran down to get some coffee.  Little coffee shop in the lobby with a starbucks menu.  A couple of friendly guys working the counter.  Chai and coffee, easy.  A little bummed about having to wait about 2 minutes while the two employees finished listening to a story being told by a woman picking up her drink.  I understand though.  They were a couple young guys, and she was an attractive young woman.  It happens :-).Check out was by video, but unlike some other chains, no paper copy of the folio is slipped under the door.  So, stopped by the front desk to get a copy.  Another pleasant young lady asked how she could help.  Offered printed or email copy.  Chose email.  She asked where to send it.  I answered to the one you have on file.  Looking a bit annoyed, she says there is no email on file (weird, since my reservation showed on the SPG program site, and I had also received Starwood spam).  Gave her my email again, and was told, OK, it's on it's way - not thank you, not goodbye, nope.  Just done.  Nice.Overall, the experience was disappointing.  The hotel and room was pretty average and service was hit or miss.  Seems computer systems and operating processes have some gaps.  Woulda stuck with Hilton, but not one near sports venues...
4	I have stayed here three or four times since I wrote my first review.  The place is consistently good.  I had a chance to hang out in the lobby lounge as well as the attached restaurant/bar (District).  Both top notch with nice people about (both staff and clientele).  Expect, of course, to pay hotel prices for your libations.
3	Okay people.  I just knocked you down from four to three stars.  Why, do you ask?  Let's talk about the pool.  I swim laps every day I can.  A few weeks ago I was here and forgot my goggles.  The PH and chlorine in the pool was so far off that two hours later my buddy had to read the dinner menu to me.  My bad--forgot the goggles.  This visit I remembered my goggles but water was so cloudy I couldn't see more than a few feet in front of me.  That's pretty serious when you're swimming laps in a white pool with no end-of-lane markings.  I cut my swim short because I was afraid I was going to plow my head into the end of the pool  That kind of stuff paralyzes people.  So, please, Sheraton.  Get your act together on that pool before I come back next week.  Please don't make me go up the street to the Westin!
4	Great hotel in downtown Phoenix.  Stayed a couple of days with the family and there is a good amount within walking distance from the hotel, including Chase Field.  The fitness room is top notch, which is great considering there are some good food options available nearby and keeping up on the excercise means keeping the weight gain to a minimum.The only complaint I had was the charge to park in the garage.  I just personally feel that should be included in the rate and not doing that seems a bit of a trap. That said, the staff was very helpful and the accomodations were extremely nice.
4	Your typical full service up to par sheraton. Seems brand new. Rooms a bit on the small side. Lobby areas are fairly loud. Food is fantastic. Great service, i'll probably be back.
5	The staff, hotel, ammenities and easy location to things to do when staying at the hotel were a 5 Star.  The staff is quick to respond to any needs, and everyone I dealt with was very accomadating.  I was with a large convention group so it was very crowded but the staff was on top of everything.
4	This hotel exceeded my expectations, but I didn't have the highest expectations coming in. I had never stayed at a Sheraton before so I wasn't sure exactly what to expect. I came to Phoenix tagging along on a business trip. When we arrived at the hotel, in the downtown area, I saw it was big--about 15-20 floors. A lot of valet workers were in the car waiting area to take your car, or you can self-park too. The lobby had high ceilings and contemporary tones. The amenities (pool, fitness area, restaurants, room service, etc) were decent. The District Restaurant and Bar located in the hotel lobby had a good buffet brunch; I also had a good lunch there another day. I noticed another night live entertainment was going on in there. Overall I was very pleased with the hotel lobby/decor/ambiance. The rooms were decent, not spectacular. This hotel is great for business, but not as great for play. Downtown Phoenix has nothing and is dead at night. Bring a car with you if you plan to explore at night! Or, you can take a cab (although I'm not sure if they're as plentiful here at night--wasn't paying attention). I saw that there were small buses going around at night there were apparently free as well. Bonus:  Across the hall from my room was the Club Lounge, where they served buffet breakfast and afternoon hors d'ouevres and drinks.  Worth paying the extra money for in my opinion if you stay here.
4	Great hotel.  Clean, great service, great location.  Their food is terrible though from room service serving raw chicken to the restaurant in the hotel "District" that has a new american type menu that isn't all that hot (see: corn dogs and sloppy joes), if they improved it I'd give them 5 starts easily.
4	Loved it! Stayed here during spring training. Walking distance to lots of bars and restaurants and not too bad of a drive to the ballparks. I will be back to catch the Lakers when they head to Phoenix :)
4	Most of my hotel stays are for business. In this case, it was a trade show expo held over a Saturday and Sunday. I arrived Friday afternoon, and returned home Monday early.Phoenix was experiencing the tale end of summer. It was "hundreds of degrees hot" this past week. But the Sheraton came through as "ultra-cool", both with high marks for customer service and in their very generous and efficient air conditioning. We were actually commenting on the hallways of the hotel being "chilly!" We didn't complain... we reveled in the "in-house" low temperature. I think everyone would agree, the Sheraton gets very high marks for their lobby, restaurant, bell hop, and valet staff. Everyone we encountered offered to help in a most comfortable way. I'm not a big fan of high-rise hotel facilities when I'm traveling on business, but when I do a trade show, proximity to the convention center or exhibit hall is huge. The Sheraton is a five minute walk to the center. Oh, almost forgot the beds... memory top mattresses; dreamy soft and contouring. And because the air conditioning grill is close to the window and blowing to the opposing wall of the where the bed is.... no sinus issues with "direct air up the nostrils... another issue I have with high rise hotels.... air in my face while I sleep.Customer service level means alot to me, so the relatively high cost for food and beverage, if you're on expenses, makes it a wash. We ate in the District Restaurant, just off the lobby. My NY steak and halibut entree were both in the mid $20's, and the portion size was "gourmet small", while the flavors were "gourmet good." So if quality trumps quantity for you, you may like the in-house restaurant. If you're doing breakfast, I'd recommend going across the street and a little West to the corner bakery place. We did breakfast the day we left for under $10 per person. The hotel buffet is a little over $20..... and I am not a big breakfast person, so it's lost on me.So... for high-rise, downtown hotels, I'd say a solid 4-stars. Where do I usually stay in the PHX area? Hilton Resort on 16th, or one of the Embassy Suites... usually I'm at the Emb.Sts. Tempe.
4	Very nice hotel. Staying here 2 nights only. Very clean and comfortable.
4	I stayed in this hotel for a week in Nov. 2011 for a conference, also held at the hotel.  The hotel is easy and inexpensive to get to from the airport on Phoenix's lackluster public light rail.I was in a double queen, and the view was beautiful so ask for a high floor.  This hotel has every amenity you could ever want.  The front desk and concierge are great, and the conference rooms are huge and beautiful.  The conference rooms were huge and always clean.  The outdoor pool and fitness center were fantastic so take your workout clothes!!  The only downside was that the hotel was freezing so walking outside was a shocker to the body.  There is some food and attractions within walking distance, but Phoenix pretty dead.  The ASU complex across the street provided most of my entertainment for the week.
4	The Sheraton Phoenix Downtown made for a very convenient and pleasant stay for us.  Our meeting space was at the Phoenix Convention Center about 5-minutes away (walking).  They have the usuals: clean fitness center, outdoor pool, gift shop downstairs in the hotel lobby).  As we were there right after Thanksgiving, all of their Christmas decorations were up and everything was a festive sight!  They have a "green" housekeeping program where you can opt out of housekeeping for that day by placing a card on your door handle and they will give you a $5 voucher that you can spend at some local hotel spots OR add it as 500 SPG points to your account.  That's kinda sweet if I do say so myself.
5	Had a lovely stay at the Sheraton. My room was large, clean and modern. The beds were very comfortable. The one downside is you have to pay for internet in your room which is a pet peeve of mine when you pay this much for a room. The lobby is beautiful, lots of places to relax, grab a coffee etc. The gym has fantastic cardio machines but definitely too few. I was there at 7:30am and grabbed the last treadmill. So be prepared to wait or go during off hours if you're looking to run. Overall a nice place to stay in downtown Phoenix.
4	A very nice hotel that we stayed at over the weekend for a trip out here.  It is 5 blocks from Chase Field and the US Airways Center, so it's a good spot to stay at to walk to these sporting events.  There is a small mini mall (Phoenix Center) with restaurants and stores right across the street.  ASU buildings are all around as well from here.PRO's*Comfortable Beds: really comfortable, not insanely soft but not at all hard.  It was a great nights sleep*Fitness Center: Updated equipment, steps, weights and new Life Fitness machines.  They have complimentary towels, water and earphones.  Nice touch.*Lounge: Lots of couches and seats where you can get free WiFi on the first floor.  CON's*Parking: $17 self park, which wasn't too bad.*NO FREE WiFi: Why do they have to charge you $12.99 to have internet in your room, but not in the lounge area downstairs?! Hate this...Overall, a very nice hotel with some amenities that will add a couple of bucks to your stay.  Would definitely consider it again if I make it out to Phoenix.
4	Overall this is a very adequate hotel. Not the Ritz, not Holiday Inn. Not priced like either. The hotel staff is one of the friendliest, helpful, and accommodating that I have found. The room I had was fairly priced for this time of year in PHX. It was clean, spacious, comfortable bed. Very adequate. The room working desk, charging stations were convenient and useful. There is nothing much to complain about EXCEPT: the $14.95/day Internet connection and the nearly $25/day valet parking is high priced. The valet parking price is competitive with the area and a guest has an option of self parking. So, that I can live with. The Internet cost is excessive and, although I needed it, I bought only one days service of a four night trip - strictly because of the cost. This cost should be bundled with the room. It can't possibly cost that much to bring Internet service to 31 floors of rooms. It's one of those costs like hotel Service Fees that drive guests crazy. If half of the 1500 rooms bought internet service on the day i did the hotel revenue increased more than $10,000 for one night! The hotel is located downtown across the street from the AZ Center which include a Starbucks. This is good hotel that seemed to be very busy. Kudos to the staff - nice job!
4	We arrived at the hotel three hours before checkin and had no questions asked or fees charged! The room was on the 21st floor with a nice view of Phoenix. Very clean and quite during our stay. The beds were especially comfy. One of our beds had a rust stain on the sheets, after a quick visit to the front desk before going out to dinner, the sheets were replaced no problem! Overall a great place to stay...parking was a bit expensive though at $17 a day but you can come and go as you please. Also discovered free wifi!
4	This hotel gets a 5 for some things and a 1 for a couple things, so they average out to about a 4.Fitness Center is a 5!  They have probably the best fitness center I've used in a hotel in years.  The cardio machines and the weight machines were all quality and in working order.   There was a good variety.  The center was clean.  You can jog on the treadmill and watch everyone out at the pool so you don't feel closed in.The High Speed Internet was a 5 in quality, however it costs $14.95 a night.The beds are at least a 4 - very comfy with lots of pillows.Temp control in the room is a 5 and the fan is quiet.Front desk staff...mixed.  I had a great check in experience and about a 2 rating experience for a follow up visit when I had a couple things that didn't work in the room.The wall safe - ZERO!  Didn't work and no one came to fix it after I reported it.Iron - 3...Didn't work, got it replaced.Convention rooms were a 5.Cleaning staff were very friendly and efficient.Elevators were a 2.  Slow to arrive but fast once you get on.Neighborhood is a 2.  BORING unless you are into Hooters or hanging out at the St.  Mary's Basillica Catholic church across the street.  Other than that, you'll have to travel a long ways to entertain yourself.
4	Great stay here while in Phoniex for the weekend. This hotel is in the middle of it all. Its four blocks from both Chase Field and the U.S airways center. Also, a plus for people needing to fly here like me, its ten minutes from the airport. There is local transportation including buses and the light rail. Pool is kind of a bust since its just a lap pool, but a great bar with food and drinks and the servers are freindly. Never went to resturant, so no info on that.   It is also close to other local shops and resturants. As for the actual rooms, decent. They are really just standard rooms. Overall, a good hotel to stay at.
4	Beautiful conference rooms with comfortable chairs. Delicious food!!!
4	Newer property and while not a fan of Sheratons in general, this was surprisingly well made. The check-in process was painful as the woman behind the counter didn't know anything about the SPG Platinum program and didn't want to listen, but everything else about the stay -- the room, check-out, bell desk, club lounge, bar in the lobby, location -- were convenient.
4	One of my favorite places to meet clients downtown, we enjoy their restaurant named District.  The valet parking is complimentary if you're having lunch there....huge bonus.  The hotel is very modern and the staff is friendly.  During the off-season, when they're slow, there's a ton of employees everywhere making sure you're well taken care of.  I'm very impressed with this place.Return Factor - 80%
1	It's unfortunate that a hotel brand isn't able to get their act together on the simple things.   From sending up (room service) the wrong wine, to being unable to correctly make a burger on their late nite menu (TWICE) , then have conversations with their mgt staff close to 1am.I can spend my travel dollars anywhere I choose.  This Sheraton needs to realize that business travelers have that option and they need to be able totals care of customer simple requests.   I don't need to be explaining Starwood's service standards at 1am to their designated manager.  I rather be asleep and with my tummy full than frustrated that I gave my money to a hotel that doesn't have their stuff together.   Last time I stay here.   Save yourself money and stay at the Westin down the street.
4	Came here for my wife's dental school ball. The service was amazing and the atmosphere was very inviting. I'll definitely spend a few weekends here!
3	Beautiful hotel but I was most impressed with the whiteness - the bright white sheets, comforter, sink, toilet, etc. The linens were crisp and fresh, and the bathroom was clean and sparkling. I was unimpressed with our view from the room (of the satellite dishes), and expected better treatment since we'd told the clerk that this was our first visit to a Sheraton.  Also, there was a charge for wifi. I'm surprised that McDonald's can offer free wifi but the Sheraton can't - and the Sheraton costs a lot more!
4	This is a review of the District, the restaurant inside the Sheraton.  This is really one of the nicest and classiest places I have seen in a while.  The restaurant and bar area (there are two of them actually) are SHEEK, really nice.  We had a $100 coupon we bought at a charity event, and we went on a day when we knew it wouldn't be crowded.  They have amazing art work on the wall, and the waitress was really friendly and attentive.  They have Oak Creek Nut Brown Ale, which I really like, but which is usually hard to find.  I would go for that reason alone.  As for the food, and appetizers (we tried a bunch and two steaks) honestly not very good, and I am not sure what dish I would order if I ever went again.  I honestly think they need to get a food consultant in there to help them with the flavors.  But because the place was really nice and lavish, and because I would go back to sip on the oak creek while watching a game (it would also be a great place for a business meeting), I am still going to be a fan of this place.  Just FYI if anyone reads this, you gotta work on the food, at least come up with one killer appetizer!!  If you are in downtown Phoenix, give it a try and let me know if you agree.
5	We had a great staycation here. Its big and very modern but comfy. The room was really nice and clean.The pool area was small but pretty and they have a hot tub which we loved late at night.The restaurant was great there as well. Each morning we had the breakfast buffet. Room service was great late night and fast.The staff was really nice and helpful. We had some issues with our keys one night and the security guy came out to help us very quickly. The space had a convention going on while we were there and it seemed like it was a great spot for them as well. Overall we had a great time!
1	I was really disappointed with their customer service. I'm a Starwood Preffered member and I've always had a great experience before this property.  The woman I dealt with at the front desk was very rude, and they inconsistently gave our group late checkouts. Also, everyone in our group received different toiletries, and some people were missing the basics.
4	Enjoyed the stay with my wife. Service was great on the get go. No problem when asked for a room upgrade even on a busy week. Big convention and tons of conferences going on = loong elevator wait!  Good thing we didn't bring the kids. They would love the green policy though. $5 voucher for a messy room. (If u choose to forgo rm cleaning )Enjoyed the stay. I heard there is a nice gym some where lol.  Chk out the restaurant. I enjoyed the happy hour.  Mall across the street. I wanted to try the pedicab ride but I spent most of my time golfing since there were tons of courses nearby.  What's up with the Wi-Fi fees?  Still an enjoyable stay.
4	This is one of the nicest hotels I've stayed at in quite some time.  When I travel on business, I tend to stay at lower-end chain hotels, but the rates in Phoenix during this time of year are quite reasonable so I thought I'd splurge and spend a little more just to try out a nice hotel.  When you stay at lesser hotels on a frequent basis, you get used to the idea that many many people have stayed in that same room before you, and so there's going to be all types of wear and tear.  The room I got at this hotel looked as if I was the first ever guest to stay in it.  Everything was clean and pristine, the bed was made with very high-quality sheets, pillows, and blankets, and the bathroom was extremely clean.  I had no problem sitting directly on the toilet seat without putting down toilet paper first, which is what I usually do when I stay in other hotels.  The lobby of the hotel has a nice lounge, and I would have been inclined to spend some time loitering in the lobby but it was a little too crowded at the time I arrived.  When I initially made the reservation, I had the option of paying a little more in order to get a "city view" room.  I chose not to spend the extra money.  However, when I checked into the hotel, I asked for the upgraded room and they gave it to me without hesitation, and without charging me the extra money.  I ended up staying on the 26th floor, in a room with a gorgeous view of Phoenix.    The only thing I didn't like was having to pay $17 for parking my car for one night.  That's a ridiculous price to pay, especially if you're a paying guest staying overnight at the hotel.  They don't need to also gouge you on parking.  Altogether, I think I paid about $150 for the room for one night, which was reasonable for a hotel of this caliber.   Overall, this was a very good stay at a very nice hotel.  I would definitely stay here again.
4	The service was outstanding from check-in to housekeeping (thank you Amelia!)! The lobby and rooms are updated and quite nice. It is so convenient to the convention center and entertainment (live performances and art). The only reason I take a little away is the sound. I could hear almost every sound from the neighboring room. Luckily, I was not next to a big party room, so all was well. I could hear the TV clearly, conversation, etc. If it weren't for that, this would be a 5-star rating. If you need to be in the downtown area, this is a great option!
5	The staff was second-to-none!!. The main restaurant on site was delicious and included some great healthy choices.  I just can't get over how nice everyone was. And the rooms were very nice.  I would definitely stay there again. You can't go wrong.
1	Any to an event here. I travel for a living. The waitress disappeared with my credit for 10-15 minute intervals.While I appreciate that they host multicultural events if you do I - do it tight and staff it right Had A discussion with he bar about he service and not only were hey nonapologetic they hAd security peering over my shoulder Wheaton should reconsider their entire management staff and think about a ottos more diversity as downtown Phoenix becomes more diverse
4	For a Sheraton it was decent, clean, and what you would expect from a Starwood hotel. Front desk was a little cold during check in, but hotel was clean and room was as well. Standard room beds are quite small for 2 people to sleep in it together, but cuddle up close and you'll be fine. As always Starwood hotel mattress are comfortable and never have and problems getting a good night sleep. Room service menu is expensive, but for food it's nothing you wouldn't expect. Take a look at the alcohol menu.. $145 for a fifth of Smirnoff vodka?!! If you buy that, then I have some ocean front property to sell you in downtown Phoenix as well.. ;)
3	Phlew into Phoenix for a large business event. A crisp 75 degrees and a beautiphul hotel.  Rooms were pleasant. Just my usual grips, can't phind the light switch or a place to plug in my phone. My real issue was that I  emailed the PSAV group the week before for our connectivity needs. Never heard from them. Had my onsite events team contact them directly since I wasn't getting any response. Had wireless and 1 hard line. Day two rolls around, wireless doesn't work and the hard line isn't active. They fixed the issue within an hour but after being to 10 different hotels in the last 6 months and never having this issue, I can't say that I was happy. Between the lack of communication and the issues I can only give 3 stars to this phucking place.
4	My husband and I stayed here at last month when we were visiting Phoenix from VA for a friend's wedding and the service and hospitality at this hotel was some of the best I have received from a hotel. The airline lost our luggage for a night and hotel was kind enough to give us a hospitality kit for the evening which was nice considering we hadn't asked for one and comped us for breakfast also.  The rooms are clean, smell great, the hotel is very quiet, conveniently located, and we couldn't have asked for a better stay. Thanks for the great customer service! :)
5	The hubby and I stayed here a few weeks ago while we were visiting Phoenix for a concert. The location is great for anything going on in the downtown area. The staff was welcoming, it seemed like everyone checking in arrived at the same time so there was a huge line in the lobby. They worked quickly and even passed out free water bottles to make the wait a bit more enjoyable. The room was updated and clean. The bed was extremely comfortable. I loved that the location was in walking distance to bars and restaurants. We had a great time and look forward to our next visit.
5	I had one of the best experiences at this hotel! Sarah at the front desk was amazing! The beds are so comfortable I want one for my house, best sleep ever! I am glad my company has chosen this hotel for our national meetings and can't wait to come back.
5	We stayed at the Sheraton Phoenix Downtown Hotel in room 2033 February 24-27, 2014.21 Reasons to come back:1. Ad in AAA Arizona guide states 20% off lowest available rate , and free self  parking when available, for AAA members.2. Downtown location near Convention center and The Arizona Center across the street.3. $21 taxi fare from the airport, fixed $25 Towncar fare to airport.4. $2 light rail fare from airport -at airport take skytrain to transit station, then light rail and get off at Central/Van Buren, and walk 4 blocks to hotel. 5. Eight elevators, four for floors 18-31, and four for floors 5-17.6. Large expansive window with good view looking northward from upper floors.7. Attractive southwest theme colors in spacious rooms, with white, and tan designed wall paper, pictures of landscapes, and clean square patterned carpet.8. Firm and exceptionally comfortable king size bed, with 2 circular glass nightstands, with modern night lights. 9. 18" refrigerator, 32 " flat screen HD cable TV, and electronic safe..10. In room coffee maker with Starbucks coffee11. Huge 5' x 2.5' desk, with wheeled swivel chair, modern lights, large leather sitting chair.12. Large, spotless bathroom, with 4' marble sink counter, vanity mirror, and bathtub. 13. Strong, effective thermostat adjusted room heater and AC14 Six 22" flat screen monitors in lobby for free internet use by guests in lobby, with printer for printing out airline boarding passes. .15. 25 meter outdoor heated swimming pool and 11 person whirlpool16. 24/7 fitness center on premises with extensive weight and exercise rooms, including 8 treadmills, 8 elipticals, and 6 bike machines.17. $5 happy hour two glasses of wine tasting grade 90 in lobby 18. Ask for a room without a connecting door to minimize noise from next door.19. Ask for a room far from the ice machine and the elevators.20. Ask for a room as far up as possible to minimize noise from the street, and to get a better view. 21. $5 per day credit if you waive daily housekeeping -credit must be used for food at the ground floor restaurant11 Opportunities for improvement. 1. Long walk to carry luggage from nearest light rail station on Central Ave/Van Buren. 2. $17 a day parking, although this may be waived if you register through AAA. 3. $15 a day in room internet. 4. Noise from pool bar, and tall neighboring building next to lower southwest rooms 5. Noise from outdoor cocktail/music area next to lower northwest rooms 6. Room windows do not open even slightly 7. No microwave8. Large gap under front door leads to noise from hallway.9. One bottle of water in room labeled free, but watch out for the other bottle of water which costs $410. $2 for 20 ounce coke from ice machine, $2.69 for 15 oz orange juice in concession store in lobby11 $18 downstairs restaurant breakfast buffet overpriced compared to $7 toast/sausage/eggs breakfast at Corner Bakery in Arizona Center.
2	A little disappointing for a high rise hotel in downtown Phoenix. The rooms are outdated, furnished cheaply, and the bathroom is extremely ugly. It's clean and tidy, with good service, but the visual elements are lacking. Would not stay here again.
1	Extremely bad experience!!! Made a reservation for two rooms online, when I arrived at the hotel i was told my reservation was for only one room blah blah. I was eventually given two rooms but charged for THREE!!! Called the hotel to get my money reimbursed and no one was ever available to take my calls, I was always sent to voicemail and no one ever returned my calls. Will not stay here again. Worst experience ever, i have had better experiences with cheaper hotels. To top it off I was over charged for room service as well, my bill was for $66 and was charged $88 I dont know if they gave themselves extra tip or what with they will steal your money here!!!
4	Good business hotel. Nice rooms with plenty of space. Good room service - fast with high quality food. The gym is great! Friendly service.
2	This was a nightmare of a visit. Let me tell you how it started a catastrophe but ended on a slightly positive note. The wife and I were very excited to be in Phoenix, Az. We were in town for a roof-top wedding at a nearby venue. As we pulled up, I saw that the hotel offered valet parking. Due to the fact the underground parking structure was too far, we chose to utilize valet.  The valet experience was a nightmare. I parked my car in the line of vehicles waiting on valet service. The wife and I exited the vehicle and began to gather our belongings. I looked up and saw no vehicles in front of us indicating we were next. WRONG!I looked up and saw about 5 valet employees screwing off on the curb. I had to yell, "Excuse me, you guys valet right?" They rolled their eyes and began to argue amongst each other. When they finally settled their dispute of who was going to do their actual job, a young kid approached our vehicle. He took our keys and gave me a ticket. But then he asked a nearby female employee for some help and she quickly replied, "You're going to have to ask someone else. I'm busy." She wouldn't help a fellow employee out and was a total jerk about it. The look of embarrassment on the valet kid's face was heart breaking. Talk about a crew that hated their job and was equally as unprofessional. It carried over with the front desk personnel as well. We approached the front desk where there was a line of approximately 8 persons. There were 2 clerks working the front desk but when I approached the open clerk, she said she was not helping patrons at that time. So I went back in line were there were now approximately 10 persons waiting. It should be noted that when I came back down to the lobby about an hour later for a drink at the bar, the line was approximately 25 persons long. As I waited in line, my wife took a walk down to the concierge to arrange a taxi. When she asked to have a taxi called in an hour's time, the concierge didn't even look up at her. She pointed towards the front of the hotel with her left hand and said, "There will be taxis out there all night." Given that my wife is a hotel manager in Los Angeles, she was appalled. At least provide eye contact if you're going to be rude! We got to our room and saw that they presented a very nice room. We thought, "What a shame. This is a beautiful hotel. Too bad the service is so terrible." Getting ready for the wedding, we both took showers. Everything was going smooth until I reached for the towel. Let me make this clear . . . .  I would not wash my CAR with their towels. The towels at this hotel were extremely thin and stiff. Not only were we shocked that such a nice hotel would present this filth, but it ruined any momentum the hotel was building. Due to the fact I was ready long before my wife, I headed downstairs to the bar for a glass of wine. The bartender was very friendly but I must admit, his appearance looked as if he just rolled out of bed. His attire was sloppy and wrinkled, his hair was a mess, and he was at least 2 days unshaven. It was almost as if the hotel staff was rebelling against the management. There was no class in this place. The only positive experience I had at this hotel came when I needed my wedding band retrieved from my car. I asked one of the valet employees to retrieve it for me out of my vehicle and he did so rapidly. I will not be returning to this hotel. There are some things that can be overlooked but a common denominator of poor service is not one of them.
4	Gorgeous hotel, with great amenities.  The food was delicious.  This is an expensive place to stay, so be prepared.  It's in the middle of downtown Phoenix, which makes the amount you pay worth it.
4	Though I was only here for a few hours due to a cancelled flight; I was only here to just pretty much kick off my shoes and get into bed.  The ambiance was relaxing and modernly attractive.  Room was clean and comfy bed.
5	Very nice hotel.  Went to the District for happy hour.  There were only 2 girls serving the crowded room but they both did what seemed to be an outstanding job.  Food was very good.  My fav was the mac and cheese.
4	Spent six nights here last month.Great hotel in downtown Phoenix.Huge gym, too many machines to count.Decent sized outdoor pool with a nearby pool bar.The business center had multiple computers and printers to utilize if needed.Hotel staff was courteous and responsive to any inquiry.No complaints..
4	Excellent,  beautiful Hotel. One block away from the Convention Center. Very friendly Staff. Great pool and gym, comfortable rooms, very clean. Coffee shop in lobby will give you free refills, Starbucks products. Shopping and restaurants right across the Street. ( Corner Cafe has great food all day long) Hotel: Only gets 4 stars because of the ( ridiculous) parking cost. If you bring your ( a)  car, be prepared to pay $19.00 (for more than 6 hours) self parking and $29.00 for Valet parking. This is a problem that needs help. (Please!!!)
4	Nice hotel in downtown Phoenix.  I stayed here for one night for a work conference.  Comfortable and clean room.  I took advantage of their gym which has several cardio equipment, weight machines, free weights, as well as an area for stretching.  On the same floor as the gym, there is a pool and lounge chairs.  No complimentary breakfasts but there is a cafe on the ground floor that serves Starbucks coffee, oatmeal, breakfast burritos and the like.  There's also a more upscale restaurant which I didn't take advantage of.  Also on the ground floor is a bar which served up a tasty apple mojito.Other food options are available across the street in an outdoor plaza area which included greek, tex-mex, sushi, and another cafe.  The one thing that I was surprised at was how isolated the streets seemed to be considering the hotel is located in downtown Phoenix.  I was there on a Monday evening with a baseball game going on and ASU within walking distance yet there was barely a soul on the street.
4	Jody at the bar was amazing, even with people snapping their fingers and getting impatient, the hotel is gorgeous, if I wasn't here for business, I'd definitely spend more time enjoying the amenities.
1	The Sheraton Downtown Phoenix is a beautiful hotel.  The rooms were very clean and nice and the beds are comfortable.  This review is based on their poor customer service.  We checked in Friday 06/13, the line was not too long and we figured it would move fast... it didn't.  As we were waiting we could hear the conversation going on behind us which consisted of a guest's card not working after being reactivated twice and here was was waiting in line for a 3rd time.  Finally after about 15-20 minutes we get to the counter.  Since we had to park in the "overage parking lot" right across the hotel I made sure to ask if there would be a fee or if I would have to get the ticket validated.  The front desk clerk (wish I would have wrote down her name) told me it was complimentary with our room and we would not be charged for parking.Checked out the next morning around 6am, the kiosk kept trying to charge us $19.40.  Since the front desk clerk said it was complimentary we rang the bell and told them what was going on.  They didn't say anything but simply released the lever for us to get out so I figured everything was ok.Two days later there is the charge for parking on my credit card.  I finally got around to calling them today, a few hours later an employee named Ishban (sp?) called me back.  I told him the entire situation and he would not issue a refund or any kind of compensation.  If I would have known they were going to charge me I would have parked somewhere else for much less than almost $20!  What bad customer service, especially for a hotel.  Very disappointed.
5	We really enjoyed our stay here. We came in the Off Season to visit the western desert. We were in walking distance of Chase Field and the Arizona Center which had food of all types of cuisine! The rooms are clean and the bedding and pillows super comfy.  If you're up high enough the view is excellent. They have a wonderful gift shop and the business center is in the lobby at no extra charge. Their concierge is great for tour recommendations and you can take a Town Car to the Airport for only $25. The staff was super friendly and always very helpful. Complimentary water is in the room and you can unwind in a reading chair with a flatscreen tv. Will stay here again.
4	My husband and I stayed at the Sheraton on a whim after a concert downtown. The rooms were nice and there is a bar down stairs.The only downfall I would say is that the gift shop is operated by a third party and closes early and there are no stores close by. We ended up having to take a cab to go get me face wash and medicine. I would have given this hotel 5 starts if they had the convenience of an all night gift shop like the Hyatt and Westin.
4	I stayed here after attending a convention in the hotels ballroom. The rooms were great, and the staff was very welcoming. The only problem I had was with parking. There is a fee for parking, and upon arrival the lot was full. I was told by the attendant I wound need to find parking across the street. I went to the check in desk while my husband waited in the car, I was not happy with having to find my own parking, or being made aware that this would be a possible issue. The check in agent was great, and explained that what the parking attendant meant was I would need to go to their overflow lot. She was very apologetic that this had not been explained properly, and offered me complementary valet parking which was much appreciated. I would not hesitate to stay here again.
5	Booked a night here since we had an early flight out of Phoenix and was surprised by how classy and beautiful the hotel rooms were. We had a room up on the 27th storey and it was clean, quiet, and rather posh.Room service food was surprisingly good, and service was excellent. Would definitely return again!Also, the hotel is a quick 10min away from the airport, making it super convenient :)
4	They do not have a private shuttle from the airport to the hotel. There is SuperShuttle.The beds are great but the towels are threadbare. They offer the option of not having your room serviced. You get a $5 coupon that you can use on site.They have a very good gym with lots of treadmills, machines, and dumbbells. The tv channel guide is not printed out but in the menu portion of the tv.
4	PHOENIX, AZ: This is a lovely convention hotel.  The room bathrooms leave a little to be desired, but overall the look, the cleanliness and upgraded amenities, and the top of line facilities make it a safe stay and a good option or a Phoenix convention destination.
5	My wife and I booked a room here over the weekend for her birthday. I called ahead and asked if we could check in early and they were very accommodating. We needed to be in by 11:00AM so we could make it over to the start of her party (bar crawl) where all of our friends were waiting. When we got to the hotel, I was helped by Cedrick, at the front desk. He must have read the notes, but he was super friendly and wished my wife a happy birthday. He then proceeded to upgrade us in every way possible to ensure my wife had a great birthday. He upgraded the room as well as free internet and parking. We did not ask nor expect any of this and he just did it, it was amazing. We got to the room and expected a standard room, and entered into more of an apartment style room on the 30th floor with a view, it had two rooms and two bathrooms. Needless to say it was incredible and we have Cedrick to thank for it.  As if they had not already done enough, the next morning we woke up to a note under the door offering us breakfast and drinks on them for my wife's birthday. We didn't end up seeing the note until after breakfast because the bar crawl got the best of us the night before lol. We went down and let them know we did not see the breakfast slips until it was too late, they insisted it was not a problem we have lunch on them and a couple of drinks. The food and service were amazing. I know I will not be staying anywhere else downtown besides the Sheraton. Thank you Cedrick, and everyone else we encountered. You guys helped make my wife's birthday amazing. I can't thank you enough.
4	My sister and I had the pleasure of staying at this surprisingly quiet and classy hotel!  The staff was very helpful and polite, check-in & check-out was very quick and smooth. The hotel lobby decor was very elegant and inviting.. I mean even the elevator music was nice. The room was huge and the decor was very chic w/balcony. Crazy thunderstorm/monsoon that day so didn't get an opportunity to visit the pool..  Infact the only reason I gave a 4 rate instead of 5 is because there wasnt much of a view from the balcony, and the front door was tricky.. it seemed to be slightly off track so we had to ram the door closed or aggressively push it open so there was no sneaking off and leaving little sis behind.
5	I stayed at this hotel for close to a week to attend a conference.  The rooms were nice and clean, and the staff members were all friendly, polite, and accommodating.  I arrived several hours before check-in because I came in on a red-eye, but the front desk stall were able to get me settled into a room anyway - which I *really* appreciated after a long sleepless night!  Also, the meeting rooms were pretty close together and easy to navigate, as well as comfortable and tidy, and the food we were provided between sessions and at scheduled lunch events was very good.  The only thing I will say is that they usually charge for in-room internet, which is a bit of a pet peeve of mine.  However, my conference had arranged for attendees to get free in-room internet, so I did not have to pay.  So if you are going to be staying at this hotel for a conference or other work event, ask the front desk if free in-room internet is part of that.
5	This is a great hotel. My room was perfectly clean and outfitted with high class touches (nice fixtures, new furniture, etc).  I especially liked the friendliness and professionalism of the staff.  My hall was very quiet and bedding was comfortable- making for a good night sleep.I will also add that I had friends staying in the Hyatt down the street and the Sheraton is much nicer!
1	Not impressed so far.  Showed up at 11:30 and they had no rooms avail with a King Size Bed, which was requested.  When I got into the room, the toilet was filled to the rim with the last guests lunch...Nice!
5	Loved this hotel. It is beautiful inside! Parking seemed kinda weird. The garage seemed a bit small. It's underneath the hotel and very tight but we found a spot. The staff was nice and attentive. We had a club level room so we were able to access the club lounge which was open 24 hours (to those who paid for the amenity) and featured breakfast items as well as hors d'oeuvres. That was awesome because you can get unlimited sodas, waters and cappuccinos or coffee. There were also snacks in there like granola bars and fruit. The room was super clean and the bed was comfortable. The second night when we got in, the garage was full but the valet service was available to us at the same overnight rate, which was great. There is a small bar in the lobby area and adjacent to the hotel is another bar called District American Kitchen & Wine Bar. We had drinks here but the bartender Damien was really cool. He made us feel welcome and was very attentive to us. The bathrooms smelled so good. They were the cleanest I've ever been in. There isn't a flaw I can point out really about this place or my experience. The hotel is located next to an outdoor shopping area with some other great restaurants. We were able to walk around to some other places so that made things convenient for us. I hope the next time I return to Phoenix for business or play I could stay here again.
3	Great band and food.
5	This hotel is lovely and lively!  My room was very nice with a comfortable king and a very clean bathroom. The hotel staff, who were at every turn were happy, helpful, smiling, and offered many hellos and good mornings. The Christmas decor in the lobby and throughout the hotel is impressive and a lot of fun! I do hope that I have the pleasure of staying again.
1	Downstairs Bar: went to the bar after work with some friends from work there was about eight in our party but their rules are parties over 6 they cannot split there checks this became an ordeal even though it was 8 people in our party we were all independent and came at different times we asked to have separate checks and we have to speak to the manager her name was Rene she allowed us to split the checks and we thanked her.  But after a five minute conversation. What should have taken only a minute to correct we had to deal with her personal attitude about the whole situation. The drinks were simple the food was gross the service was horrible will I go back again??? As simple as I can say I will not return to the bottom bar of the hotel. I did take a ride up the elevator to note the restaurant that was on the top floor. Floor 24 simple menu appetizers from 6 to 9 dollars and entrees from 21 to 28 I will give that restaurant a try. This message is for Rene I told you when I was there I would review your attitude and your response to my request. Next time a person tells you that they are on Yelp you should believe them. Yelp is not a joke your service and your attitude was not good and you have lost a customer matter fact he lost 8. And I can tell you there was only 3 other couples in the entire bar that should have had 70 people or more.... now I know why you were empty.... Cheers oh and the chicken wings were dry and the salsa was watered down save your money and go to the local restaurants when you have real happy hours they're happy hours consisted of $1 off their $6 chips whack at best
3	Nice hotel, room rate was reasonable, room was nice, plenty of parking even though they charge $20.00 to hotel guests to park in the hotel lot, check in was a little slow. The general area seems nice, there is a small plaza across the street. I have to say 3 stars for this location.
5	Great hotel. Enjoyed our stay for two nights over the weekend.
2	I'm currently staying there. The hotel doesn't have public microwaves. You have to pay $10 to rent one. They currently have  0 microwaves available to rent. I'm stuck with food that I can't eat. At the Hyatt, they have public microwave (a friend of mine is staying there currently). I recommend staying at the Hyatt... Much better than Sheraton. I never heard hotels not having microwaves...
