2	Bland, utterly flavorless. I wish I went to subway. Oooohhh, their receipt was printed on their paper, too. I think dog food is better.
1	Horrible!  I asked if they had nachos, she told me she could give me a bag a chips and I could get some cheese whiz from Charley's subs!   Say what!??  WTH cheese do you use for the tacos??Then when my 12 yr old ordered a kid meal she laughed and said " that will never be enough food" not everyone needs to eat 2 tons of food!  Seriously, just avoid this place!!!
1	While driving south on the 17, my wife and I saw the Anthem Outlet billboard saying, "Avacado chicken salad $5.00 at Frescas". Wifey says, "hey, that sounds good. Let's stop!"Big mistake. She orders the salad, I order 2 fish tacos. What could be easier? We order. We wait, and wait, and wait. 1 cook. 1 order taker. 1 manager, standing there in his old faded Levi's, doing nothing...When our order finally is up, there is only one taco. Order taker says, "I thought you only ordered one". Hmm, I don't think so. When I pull out my receipt, she's right. But I realize I was charged $7.00 instead of $5.00 for the salad. Order taker says, "I'll order you another taco. It will only take 5 minutes." I say sure. After eating my 1 taco I'm thinking this is the worst fish taco I have EVER had. Do I really want another one? I reluctantly wait outside for taco #2 for 15 minutes and then approach the order taker and ask how much longer? They say "Oh he hasn't started it yet. After you walked outside, a bunch of other people came and ordered stuff so he made their food instead of yours. Alrighty then. I guess I'll be on my way. Life's too short. Don't settle for bad food or bad service.PS. Wifey hated her salad. We continued home and had some nachos and a beer.
2	Bland food. Got the #7 platter which is a fish taco and a mini burrito. The fish taco had no flavor and the mini burrito was sub par. The iced tea is from a machine and tasted awful! I poured it out and got the instant lemonade instead.
3	While any claim that the food is authentic (or good) may be overstated, I still consider it the best option in the food court. Don't expect any flavor and you won't be disappointed. 3 cups of "hot" salsa could not bring any bite to my burrito. If you want fried food, don't eat here- the tostadas are downright bad.
5	Really good fresh Mexican food, love the Tacos, Quesadilla, and Burritos and staff is friendly. A must have if your looking for fresh, healthy food (besides Subway).
1	I was shopping at the Nike store and had a taste for Mexican so I figured I's stop in Fresca's and try it.  I waited 15 minutes for a "steak" burrito and I am not exaggerating, but it was simply the worst food I have ever eaten.  The steak tasted like that cow died in 1987, and the rest was just a mushy mess. It was $6.30, and I threw away $6.00 of it. If I was starving, I would eat my own hand first.
