5	As a passing visitor who works on many garden projects I was highly impressed by the quality of management, resources, volunteer interest and labor here.  This is one fantastic project.  I want to move to Vegas solely to be involved!  In less than 2 years this lot has been transformed into a place for community gathering, food production, artistic outlet and education.  Do visit and do get involved!!  This place is only going to get better.
5	Soon to be the Vegas Roots Community garden! Watch for it folks! I love this place, picked up some kale and arugula recently. Many thanks to Roz and Shelly for giving me the opportunity to help with TCG/VRC. They've grown so much from just a year. Apparently it used to be a sketchy broke down lot and within a year it is well on it's way to being a wonderful community hub. You can join the various clubs, chefs and groups and purchase your own plot, grab some produce or help out. There's chickens, a little playground and even a dope permaculture garden in the corner students are presently in the process of growing. They also host something call Vegas Soup - a monthly gathering where you get to have some great soup, hear about various organizations doing good work in the Vegas Area and meet some great people all just for a few bucks. If you get the chance please come check it out!
5	I had a chance today to be a part of the Vegas Soup project. I have to say this was a great event and is growing and is bringing a community together to help each other. I  am looking forward to the next event.
5	Farm to table should be possible in any place, but specially a place like ours. I did not know we have a year round growing schedule! I thought desert = hard to grow/few things grow here. Vegas needed a place like this, every other city I've lived at I was able to find several to purchase produce from. This is a labor of love with so much growth potential. So the gist of a community garden is it's here to provide those in need and those who want fresh produce. They donate some of the produce to a senior center, homeless centers or any individual/family in the community in need of food. Those who want awesome produce can come and pick your own in the public plot and purchase per pound. There are many private plots you can adopt for the year as well which gives you the benefit of being the only person allowed to pick the produce from it, plant what you want and can get help with it, but assisted by the volunteers to tend to it, it is watered twice a day from the drip system automatically and planted on awesome nutrient rich soil. The soil there was something fascinating to me as it was definitely alive. As I was tilling a plot I saw how there was so many bugs living in it, helping the plants grow...not something you see in our plain ol' dirt around town. As for volunteering here, this is a great one for those who want to get out and do something active! It's also a great one for people who can't commit to a regular ongoing schedule as this is a place that doesn't need experience, but people are more than happy to teach you how to garden and tend to plants. I came for Warrens UYE and it was awesome to get myself out of my comfort zone and be out in the heat. We helped with tending some dead plants, and helped with someones overgrown with grass private plot. Bring a cooler or something to keep your drinks cold, sunscreen and maybe even snacks. After a bit of volunteering we went to the back and found there was a separate non profit sharing this space called Great Basin Permaculture. If you don't know what that is, a permaculture is where you plant in a certain way that is self sustaining. All the plants and the way it is planted on this basin style area keeps it to where everyone has a purpose to feed the other plants next to it so it's a closed cycle and a sustainable way to grow. Next time will try to do a UYE to hit up both places when it's cooler...then maybe not as many people will be intimidated!
5	It's place is amazing. The amount of effort it takes is true devotion. Take your kids here, let them see how veggies grow. The chickens are awesome and I would totally take one home if I wasn't afraid my dog with have it ala king within an hour. Go to an event here. It's super awesome and really becomes a part of a community. A community that Las Vegas definitely needs.
5	Very impressed by the vision and positive energy of this place. It's $500 a year for a garden bed, but that includes irrigation, seeds, tools, and education. Back home In my own garden plot I probably would have paid more than that just keeping the deer out- plus the growing season is much shorter. Payments can be made in installments. I think it's a great deal.
5	Very good place! All family friendly ! All organic ;) had fun here and will keep going back. Next time I want to go with a larger group of people . A jewel in the desert
