5	As soon as I paid, they recommended a row and even before I got out of my car, the parking spot 2 shuttle was just behind me ready to take me to the airport. Quick, convenient, they take competitors coupons and if you want to pay more, they offer covered parking too.  Oh and they offer a complimentary water when you pay. Tip: remember where you parked.  They will ask you when they pick you up so the shuttle can drop you off right in front of your car. Get on shuttle with The Parking Spot "2" (the number in red) and you'll be set.  Happy Travels.
5	Absolutely love this place.  The service is top notch- newspaper when you arrive, recommendation of which row is open, a lil reminder note, cold water when you leave, and coupons!  The spot club is awesome so definitely join and leave the card in your car or just type in your receipt info at home after you sign up online.  The drivers, cashiers, are all the friendliest.  Finally, remember there's two now so get on the right bus!
4	I always look for a parking spot near the airport when I travel. I have the parking spot club card and the points really add up fast for free parking. The new vans are large clean and comfortable. Drivers are always friendly and helpful. They drive around and find you at your car when you arrive and drop you off at your car when you return.
4	Stopped by because Sundance was full and  recently increased their price.  Although at at times more expensive than Sundance, the small extra expense is worth the peace of mind.   NOTE! I found a coupon conventionally on their homepage.   Faux leather seats and an easily recognizable bus in the chaos of airport traffic, getting picked up after hours can be nerve wracking.  Calling in after midnight, I actually spoke with the driver, who found me quick.  I expect for the businessman or family, this is a good fit.
4	I moved here from FastTrack when it closed earlier this year, which I was really bummed about because FastTrack was so easy.  But so far, so good here.  Does anyone know how to transfer points from FastTrack to Parking Spot?  The cashier told me to register my online and it would be simple to transfer my points, but I cannot see a way to do it.
3	I had to wait almost 9 minutes for my pickup in the lot for my ride to the airport.  I'm glad it wasn't the middle of the summer.
5	Was headed out of town and thanks to my late night/early Monday morning arrival back into the valley finding a friend to pick me up was slim to none, so I needed to find a place to park.I have used the Parking Spot many years ago and remembered how flawless the whole procedure went. So I googled them online, found they now have a Parking Spot 2 that offers uncovered parking spots at a lower rate,  so that's what I went for, also they have coupons you can print  and use right off their web site too, find your location and get your coupon  to use!  https://www.theparkingspot.com/locations/locations.aspx?ID=72Also when you book online you have to pay 4.95 for online registration fee, for me that was easy peasy I now know where I am parking and how much it will run me, and the Parking Spot 2 runs cheaper than East Economy Garage Parking.Got to the Parking Spot 2, showed them my reservation, was told which area to park in, before I was even out of my car the shuttle was there to get my bags and whisked me away to the airport . Easy Peasy! Arrived a few days later walked out and found a shuttle waiting for people and within 15 minutes was back at my car.  The Parking Spot 2 is a great choice if needing to park your car while away.
4	What a great idea, park near the airport without paying the high fee and get a free shuttle to/from the airport.  Make sure you print out coupons online as the online price isn't the same as the drive-in price.  And make sure you actually bought a parking space for this location and not the other one much closer to the airport from the light-rail.
4	I don't have to wait long. It's a great place to park, good deal, the free water. The only thing that I don't like was that one of their drivers felt entitled to a tip. Probably all of them do. I don't like that feeling. One held my bags and looked at both of my outstretched hands, then slowly gave my bags back and said sarcastically: "Thank you, very much appreciated." :/
5	The longest I've had to wait for the shuttle when parking is 30 seconds. They are always outside the terminal or just pulling up when I walk out. I travel every week and the timelessness is appreciated.  The drivers are always very friendly.
4	I've been parking at the parking spot for several years and I don't have any notable complaints.  It's outdoor airport parking that tries to take it a level above and beyond.  I give them a lot of props for trying to be better than the ordinary.  It's the little things like free newspapers and bottled water that make the parking spot stand out.  The shuttle drivers are always friendly and I've never had to wait longer than 5 minutes at Terminal 4 at Sky Harbor.  Prices are ok.  I use my AAA discount and it's usually around $25-30 for a long weekend.
5	Fast friendly service. Freddy was our driver and he was very nice friendly and helpful. This company is lucky to have him!
4	First time at this place and it was pretty good, just like the blue sky parking. Service was quick and has options to choose covered or uncovered parking. Lowered 1 star because the prices are a bit more expensive than others.
5	My first time to use the Spot 2 all by myself...no family with me.  Friendly & fast service. I never had to wait for a shuttle going or coming back there. Service at kiosk was fast and super efficient and friendly too. The free bottle of water as I had to drive for another 2 hrs to get home was wonderful. Easy to get a coupon off of AAA and use it.Important to me as I have been a professional driver was shuttle driver's driving ability.  It was safe, cautious, but still efficiently quick.  I like that I can reserve a parking spot.  The lot was getting full when I got there.  Next time I will reserve. Price comparison and application of reservation fee along with coupon...woohoo!
