3	Gratuitous review to get an FTR... FTW! Yes, I need an intervention.I stopped by this gas station on the way to the Lake Las Vegas CMYE last month. My car was badly in need of gas (which is why one usually stops at a gas station), and horrendously in need of a car wash (due to my insane solo trip through 50+ miles of dirt gravel road out at Death Valley).Terrible Herbst #277 (if that's your real name) remedied both of those situations. Good job, Terrible Herbst #277!
1	I purchased gas at this station. it was uneventful, put my card into the pump. put $17.77 of gas in, my receipt said $17.77 and I left. no one else was getting gas at the time. I got home and see that this gas station sent two charges to my bank, one for the correct amoun of $17.77 and another Incorrectly for $119.49 -- the first thing i did was call my bank. they stated they obviously could not tell if the wrong pending charge for $119.49 would go thru or fall off in a a few days and that If Chevron (Terribles Herbst) called or faxed the bank with a request to remove the incorrect charge they would release that immediately. i called the gas station directly and got the manager. when i explained what happened she said, "so, why are you calling me? I didnt do it". I said you know i am a paying customer and you could at the very least act like you care and give me some decent customer service, like be nice and cordial, offer me a phone number to call. she just got more rude. I then called the Chevron home office and they hung up on me when i said i thought she was misunderstanding what actually has happened.
3	Need gas on the way to Lake Mead, this is one of your last chances (and generally 3 cents more expensive than a gas station closer to town).Beyond that, it's clean enough, cheap enough, and it's got gasoline.  AND a convenience store, an ATM, and slot machines. So, you know, it's a gas station.
4	Stopped off here to top off my tank when I first moved to the Las Vegas area a few weeks ago. The gas was only a few cents more than the prices of other gas stations I saw that day so I decided it wasn't worth it for me to go to another station since this one is really close to my house. (Yeah, that is a run on sentence...so!)I only pumped a full tank and everything worked as it should have so no complaints. I got what I expected.
3	In a city that can push the limits of garish design, Terrible Herbst's gas stations stand out. From the early 80's styling and font choices of their signage to limited parking this particular location is one that could use a renovation. Getting in and out of the station while pulling a trailer or boat can be kind of tight. And while they have two doors for the C-store, the one on the South side away from the gas pumps with open parking spaces tends to be locked. You end up having to walk to the other door which can be a pain on windy days. This location does have a Coke Freestyle machine....and that is the main reason I stop here. The automated car wash...while functional, is not easy to get into, and the equipment looks a bit dated. It does the job but if I want a car wash I'll drive a half mile down Lake Mead to another Terrible's location with more modern equipment installed. If my son is in the car he freaks out at this car wash while the other one down the street doesn't bother him at all. 3 Stars. The Coke Freestyle machine is the main reason why I'm not giving them only 2.
