4	New restaurant in uptown Charlotte, located within the vicinity of The Green and the Bechtler museum. Upon entering the restaurant,  I'm approached with a sweet rendition of minimalistic meets modern. Half of the restaurant is plastered with earthly toned stones, complemented by applewood tables and gray chairs embellished with silver embroidery. Very simple yet so chic and classy.. just my style! I noticed a projector beside the bar so I assume Red Ginger is planning on upholding the trend of many new restaurants-restaurant by day, bar/lounge by night. There are also designated hibachi grills, if you're looking for dinner and a show. We ordered their specialty dish, the "Red Ginger," which comes with 4oz. filet mignon (cooked to your liking of course), lobster tail, shrimp, spinach and a truffle mushroom sauce. If you're aiming to please a date, this is a must order! The presentation is enough to make you drool. Close your eyes and now, imagine a castle made of a piece of filet mignon that sits over a bed of veggies. A moat of light mushroom sauce surrounds this castle with several shrimps swimming around the mignon. The lobster meat sits on top, completing the castle structure. The casting of the lobster tail acts as the turret as it hovers behind the entire plate. Mmmm.. well, now you can check out the photo I posted! We also ordered the Wasabi Shrimp. To be honest, we were deciding between the Black Cod and the Wasabi Shrimp, but just wanted the bragging rights of ordering WASABI Shrimp! Luckily, the dish turned out to be delicious. About 8 pieces of prawn sits on a bed of string carrots. A sweet and sour wasabi sauce is drizzled over the shrimp, while maintaining the shrimp's crunchy/flaky texture. I took small bites, hoping to savor every moment. My only complaint is that I was expecting the shrimp to come with rice, veggies, etc since it was under the main entrees section. This seems more like an appetizer than an entree to me, but nonetheless I enjoyed it. Overall, I had a great experience at Red Ginger (I'm guessing they can never serve white ginger though?). The ambiance is modern, yet simple. The staff is friendly and the food delicious. Prices range from about $12-$27, depending on what you get. It's a good place for a nice date or a special occasion. Besides, $27 is not bad at all for a castle made of filet mignon and lobster (or, you know, whatever you imagine it to be).
4	Great new lunch place for people who work uptown. Prices were reasonable. $8 for hibachi vegetable plate with rice and soup/salad. $9 for chicken hibachi. $9 for 2 sushi rolls or $11 for 3. Ginger sauce was very good. Nothing about the meal was extraordinary for a Japanese place, but what you'd expect for a decent price. Service is very attentive and nice.
2	I went two weeks ago and sat outside. Glass of wine, the "Angry Bird" sushi and the tamago. The tamago came out in a martini glass - gorgeous presentation - two pieces of triangled egg, with two tempura wrapped shrimp. Absolutely wonderful. The Angry Bird was also delicious. The problem that night was that there were 100's of tiny flies swarming about. After my first sip of wine, the first fly decided to sip it as well. Then a second, third and forth. The waitress explained there was nothing she could do. "The management will not allow us to take charges off of the bill. If we do, it comes out of our pay." I paid $12 for a glass of wine that I never drank.Last night I returned and sat inside. My guest ordered the hibachi shrimp ($7.) Not sure exactly what we were expecting, but it wasn't 6 pieces of grilled shrimp on a lettuce leaf. I ordered the Tamago again, but this time I received plain, ol' tamago. When I asked what I received two weeks prior, the waitress (the same one I had two weeks ago) had no idea what I was talking about. I described it, drew a photo, but nothing - no idea what I was talking about. The Lemon Drop was strong - perhaps too strong. My guest couldn't get past the first 2 sips. $40 for a cocktail that was too strong, 6 pieces of shrimp, 3 pieces of plain tamago, and some good Angry Bird sushi.I wish them luck, but all early signs point to being closed within a year.
4	My boyfriend and I went here for happy hour tonight, which is one of the best deals in Charlotte. All apps (even sushi bar apps) are 1/2 off, and Sapporo is $3. The space is sexy but not intimate. However, it was early so the tall windows made it quite bright.  We sat at the bar, and the bartender was very friendly. One star off because it took her a long time to make my drink, and she poured it out twice while making it. She eventually called over the manager. It was good once I got it though. We ordered the shrimp appetizer, which is assorted nigiri. It was pretty good. We got the rock shrimp which was fried lightly with a spicy sauce. It was awesome. We also got the tuna pizza and crispy duck roll. The duck roll was wrapped in a rice wrapper and chilled. It was unexpected, but very good. Overall, we will definitely return. The sushi was fresh and beautiful, plus we want to try the hibachi grill.
4	What a delightful find!  Delicious food, attentive and knowledgable staff, and a nice atmosphere.  The only thing keeping this place from five stars is the loud dance music playing through the restaurant.We were visiting on business and one of our party wanted sashimi.  We ran the gamut from experienced sushi eater to novice.The server had great suggestions for all of us.  I highly recommend the Red Ginger special if you want a cooked option.  The sushi/sashimi platter was beautifully presented and tasted great.Highly recommend this restaurant!  But turn the music down....
1	I have been to Red Ginger three times now, once for lunch and twice for drinks.The lunch food was fine, but the restaurant struggles with operational efficiency.  The first plate that arrived was not the one I ordered.  The one I ordered had been given to an adjacent table, so I had to wait for another to be prepared.  Overall the experience was bearable.Drinks, however, are another story.  There is no real bartender here, so you have to hope that your waiter is versed in the art of pouring beers.  This is a long shot.  The guy behind the bar poured us three full-foam pints before someone came out of the back and managed to pour a decent glass.  If you are ordering a cocktail then welcome to the roulette table!  I saw the bartender's bible come to aid in the creation of a Jack and Coke...not what you want to see.  Ordering a glass of wine was equally as disheartening.The real problem, in my opinion, is that there isn't a manager to make sure things are running smoothly.  Most of the waiters stand in the corner and look back and forth between the impatient clients and the other waiters.If Red Ginger makes it to 2014 I will be surprised.
5	I have been to the Red Ginger twice for dinner.  The second occasion I brought a client of mine.  We did not sit at the grill, but grabbed seats at the bar.  The food and service for both of us was outstanding.  Personally, I am not a sushi fan, but I loved both the chicken and steak combo dinners that I ordered.  My buddy, who IS A SUSHI FAN, loved it, and put a hell of dent in my expense account.... all good I assure you.They have just opened, and the location seems to depend on day traffic rather than night, but I would certainly go there again and recommend it.   One small thing I liked?   As a business traveler, I liked having CNN, with close captioned, broadcast by a huge projector in the bar area.  I can just imagine how cool that will be when there are sporting events going on!   They do take out as well and have an excellent 3-fold menu.  If you are in the area, take advantage of it.  Phone:  980-819-8837Enjoy.
4	My friends and I hate here (party of 9) last week during restaurant week.  Most of us just ended up ordering off the menu because the fixed menu included some appetizers choices and dessert choices that didn't seem worth the $30 price tag.  I ordered the teriyaki salmon and shrimp with brown rice.  It was very good.  Everyone liked their food, although a tad pricey (expect to drop $20 per person not including drinks here).  The staff was friendly and the hibachi chefs are always entertaining.  I would eat here again, but didn't give it 5 stars because at this price point for me to give out 5 stars, I would have to be blown away.  I also surveyed my friends and everyone agreed they would rate it 4 out of 5 based on all factors of service, food, and price.
4	I was in Charlotte for a conference. Since I was still recovering from jet lag, I wanted to go to a restaurant that was walkable from my hotel. I ordered take out since I planned to go to bed after dinner. My order was ready when I arrived. The hostess was very pleasant and talkative. The ambience in the restaurant was great. It was fairly empty, but I was there at 6pm. I ordered the eel and avocado roll, as well as, the Angry Bird roll. Both were amazingly delicious! I would definitely visit again if I am back in the area.
3	New sushi and hibachi spot uptown here and the biggest take away I had was the space itself.  Very sleek and sexy interiors and I liked the expansive layout of the place.  Just feels like you have plenty of elbow room, etc.The food was on par with any other place I've been to in the same vein as this.  The sushi (wasabi roll) in particular was impressive.  One of the best rolls I've had in a while.  The hibachi chef was really friendly and the entire wait staff was great.The biggest challenge facing this place is how to attract weekend business.  I'd guess to say the lunch crowd is solide but we ended up there on a Saturday night and it was not even half full.  I hope it picks up because I'd like to see this place stick around.
2	I was displeased with Red Ginger. The decor is cool and the hostess was great. She set the tone for what became a less than par experience.My sushi roll was ok at best, but was not at all filling. I felt as if I had ordered an appetizer. I had to add an order of hibachi, which was ok at best to feel as though I had eaten. $30 dollars later (at lunch) I was full.The waitress sucked. She was slow moving, not friendly, didn't check on us, and didn't ask how I wanted the steak cooked for the Hibachi. I was under the impression that she wasn't working for tips, because her service was that bad.Lastly I sat at the sushi bar and was not really able to observe the sushi being created. The sushi chef's were not friendly or inviting. They need to travel to some better restaurants and take note of how to treat customers.That will more than likely be my last visit to Red Ginger.
1	I will not be coming back here! A whole lot of energy spent on making the food look good instead of tasting good! Nasty, watered down sushi!
3	The first disclaimer I need to make is that I lived in Japan for five years and married a Japanese woman. So I know Japanese food, and I'm fully aware that the "Japanese Grill " type restaurant is usually not at all Japanese. I'm okay with that, I have sat at such grills in the US and had a chef entertain me while he cooked up something that has no resemblance to Japanese food, and it's tasty. And fun. So, if you like that experience and either understand or don't care that it has very little resemblance to Japanese food, this place is probably okay. I found it interesting that one of the reviewers who gave it very high marks said he didn't care for sushi. That's like going to McDonald's when you don't care for fast food.Anyway, I just sat at the sushi bar and had some appetizers and sushi. Oh, I had the daily special drinks, and they were very watered down but what do you expect for the daily special cocktail?The sushi was okay, the presentation of it was quite good and when I was there late on a Saturday night, the sushi chefs were friendly and very polite. The sushi selection is limited, and as at most "Japanese " restaurants in the US, the chefs were not Japanese, there were some a very common Japanese sushi items that they didn't even know about. Again, I know that's very common so I can't knock them too much for that, but it's one clear mark of a very good sushi bar when they have those special Japanese items.The appetizers were a mix of some truly Japanese items and some fusion creations. Some of them were pretty good, such as the chicken cheese roll. Nothing Japanese about it except the look, but it was tasty.So, overall nothing bad and if I was uptown with some people who for some reason wanted to have the Japanese Grill experience, I would go there I guess, but I would never choose to go there to have a good dining experience otherwise.
3	I found this place just average among comparable sushi/hibachi places, but they had a good groupon deal out there. The portions are not as big as you would expect. Also, the option to not sit around the hibachi is cool if you want your intimacy, but I recommend doing so anyway as we did not sit around the hibachi and my bf's food came out cold while mine was piping out as they brought it all at once instead of as its done. Thought the sushi was just average. Nikko is a better alternative, a bit more expensive but worth the extra dollars.
4	Hibachi in uptown Charlotte. Valet parking on MLK Blvd. Old UNO location. Your regular hibachi food - in a really cool (and redesigned) space. Waitress not good on service (no refills, generally slow) - otherwise good.
4	We went with a group last night.... when we arrived I had my doubts as the place was almost empty. The music was good but way too loud to hear the waiter never mind carry on conversation. When we asked that they turn it down, they did so quickly.One ordered the M-16 roll, another the duck roll , an order of Tuna Tataki, and I  ordered the Angry bird as an appetizer. Beautiful presentation, the rolls were very good, not as good as our favorite place for Sushi, but good none the less. The Tuna was exceptional, one of the best I've ever tasted!The salad was OK, typical salad with some sort of "ginger" dressing. The soup was meh with a bit of pepper heat.We all ordered Hibachi dishes and sat around the table. The show was the typical show, always enjoyable! Our Chef was wonderful, the food was fantastic... filet was cooked as requested, shrimp, scallops and lobster were delicious. My only comment was the chicken was a bit tough. Flavor was wonderful though.Drinks... a bit on the small side, and the wine was a definite under pour. Still good though.The wait staff were attentive and very friendly so no complaints there.I would definitely go back if dining downtown before an event but doubt I would go downtown just to eat here.
5	The food was great. The kids and I love it. This was one of the Charlotte Restaurant week participating restaurant. Kids ordered the sushi entree the amazing rolls was awesome and the duck rolls for appetizer was good also. The only thing bad was the waiter that we had was a little slow, his co worker was helping us most of the time instead.
2	red ginger pros: looks amazing the interior work and design of the place to dine is on point. the bar looks great for a sports enthusiast and the staff is friendly. red ginger cons: the food was ok at best we order for an app chicken avocado. that's all it was for $7 I'll pass. Next we ordered the bento box I order chicken teriyaki with brown rice. the chicken was over cooked and more flavor could have been put into the meal. The music selection while your eating is way too loud it sounds like a club for what you can hear on the radio. this place has great potential just hire a kitchen staff who can bring more to the table.
5	Excellent food. Excellent staff!!! Can't wait to go back
5	Food was amazing and the service was just as great. 10/10 will go again.
5	I am really impressed by the lunch menu. The hibachi steak and scallop combo was delightful! I hate when hibachi places load the food with soy sauce and crappy fillers (like sugar carrots). This place had just the right amount of salt and even added fresh garlic when I asked. Great fries rice and delicious proteins. Great pricing on the sushi too!! Very nice. Definitely will come back.
4	Went early on a Friday night (6:30), and it was slow but not empty. Free valet parking is always a good thing when going to dinner downtown. Interior was very nice, with a hip, urban Asian feel. Hostess was uninterested but not quite rude. My wife and I love sushi, and enjoy an occasional cheesy-but-fun hibachi night, so we decided to sit at a hibachi table, split an entree, and get some sushi as well. There were 2 other couples at our table, both were drinking and smily but not obnoxious, so it was a good social setting for date night. Got asked for drink orders immediately, and they came out quickly. I was happy to see that they had Sapporo on draft, which was icy and delicious. The server didn't offer any suggestions and seemed limited in English, but was smiley and quick so no real complaints there.The entree we split came with soup and salad, both of which were good, and both came out together and very quickly. I had the house salad with ginger dressing, and it was one of the better ginger dressings I've had in Charlotte. Probably 5 minutes later our sushi came out. My wife's pregnant, so we couldn't get anything raw, but we got 2 rolls centered around tempura shrimp and eel, both of which were above average in quality. No complaints on the sushi.Our hibachi chef came out within about 10 minutes of ordering our entree, and was a good performer, full of smiles and lame-but-enjoyable hibachi jokes. Did the standard "egg roll" and flaming onion volcano, etc. 2 things he did that you don't always find at Hibachi - he tossed pieces of partially cooked zucchini in everyone's mouths, which was a lot of fun (even though my wife was the only one who didn't catch hers. We'll need to work on that before we come back); and best of all, he went around the table squirting saki in everyone's mouths! Never seen that before, and it got a lot of laughs and appreciation at the table.Food from hibachi was good but not particularly outstanding (except for the shrimp sauce, which would make a leather shoe taste delicious). We got steak and shrimp, both of which were cooked well. They also give you soba noodles with your entree, which you don't often get in hibachi restaurants. Between 1 entree and 2 sushi rolls, my wife and I left STUFFED. In hindsight, 1 roll would have been enough, but hey, when in Rome right?All in all, I didn't have any complaints, had a good, fun meal for a reasonable price, and we'll most definitely be back. Would be a GREAT place to go with 6 or 8 friends for a birthday party, especially considering it's the only hibachi restaurant I know of in Charlotte between University and Tyvola. Because it wasn't particularly busy on a Friday night, I do worry that they won't stay in business, but hope that they are just going through a combination of new restaurant meets winter weather, and that their business will warm up with the weather.
2	I went here during Restaurant Week. The place is nice and inviting, but the food is just okay. I've had better appetizers, sushi & hibachi elsewhere. The chicken avocado wrap was about the only thing that was worth trying here. Go here only if you are in uptown and want Asian food, but there is no need to make a special trip!
2	I must say I was disappointed. I will start with what I liked about the place. The atmosphere was nice and the hostess was very friendly. They have complimentary valet parking which is a plus uptown. Our service was horrible. It took our waitress 10 minutes before she came to take our drink order (however she was very attentive to the table next to us while we just sat that) once she got out drink orders it took another 5 minutes to fill those (again lots of attention was given to the other table). After about 20 minutes we were finally able to order our food. When I finished with my soup and salad I put the plates at the end of the table to indicate I was finished. When our sushi came out the waitress just left the dirty dishes on the table. When our food came out she just pushed the empty plates to the side in order to make room for our food. I had to ask her to remove the plates we were finished with. After our food came out she never came back, my husband and I were both low on tea and I was in need of extra shrimp sauce. We had to get her attention (while she was once again at the other table) in order to get our check. Needless to say we will not be going back. The food was mediocre and the service was horrible.
1	This by far was the worst experience we had in a new restaurant. The worst waitress service even though she only had one other table to tend to. She got our order wrong so many times and when our food finally came out, it was poor quality to say the least. I can't not believe they just opened and this it's what they have to offer, I will never go back and will tell everyone I know not to go.
4	I came here on a Friday night for a friends birthday. The owner flagged  my boyfriend and I down while walking Uptown, and told us all about her restaurant. One great thing is that there is free valet on the weekends, which was an automatic plus.  They have hibachi seating and regular table seating. For a Friday night it was empty, very empty. The prices are pretty low, dinner hibachi starts about $17 which is cheap for an Uptown dinner. Their drinks weren't good but that can depend on the bartender. The food was very good. I got the lobster and steak hibachi, it starts off with a salad and miso soup. I would like to visit and try out their sushi. Monday and Thursdays are buy one roll get on free.
5	First off, brush up on your Japanese because the Sushi Chefs speak very little English (which isn't a bad thing in a Sushi restaurant!). All kidding aside, the sushi here was very fresh and the accompaniments were traditionally minimalist yet oh so delicious. Not a lot of sauces, just great quality ingredients.They have lunch specials: 2 rolls for $9 or 3 for $11.Me and my buddy said what the heck and got 3 rolls. This includes a soup or salad as well! I got Spicy Tuna, Boston and Philly Rolls. All were delicious, but the Spicy Tuna had a very delicious crunchy component to it, along with the minimal spicy sauce. I will definitely come back to try their Hibachi Grill food. I looked at their dinner menu and it looked awesome, and at a surprisingly reasonable price! So I say Red Ginger definitely gets TWO BIG Thumbs UP!
3	This rating is stricly for their Hibachi food. I had the Scallop and Chicken Combo. It was a pretty good deal for $14, which included a soup/salad of your choice. The ginger dressing on the salad was great! But it was Iceberg lettuce.....The Scallops were overcooked and the chicken tough. Rice was average. Was it bad? No. But compared to Hasaki Grill or Enso, this was merely average. I stick with my 5 Star Rating for their SUSHI. But I can't recommend them for their grill selection based upon what I just had.
4	The location is fantastic in uptown and they validate parking!!  At first glance you will notice a regular seating area then in the back, there are group tables for the "cook in front of you" experience.  While eating there, the staff gave a 16 year old boy a birthday treat to celebrate his birthday.  What a fantastic gesture with nothing to gain from it. The food was amazing and freshly prepared at the table. The chef was full of appropriate humor at all times and have generous portions of food to each guest. The restaurant is very clean and so were the bathrooms.  Although, I would avoid using coupons or even Yelp check-in rewards here.  The waitress took my phone to the kitchen with her to figure out how to use the Yelp Check-in free appetizer reward.  That kind of made me nervous.  All-in-all, great time, great food, and a great staff.
1	I called a few days in advance to make a reservation to sit in front of the hibachi to only get there for them to tell me they could not fulfill my reservation because all the hibachi's were full. Of course I was upset but I got over it and sat at a table. I order hibachi shrimp which was not good maybe it was because it was cold. Being that I don't like returning food I once again let it go. This was an over all horrible experience.
1	Most people have complained their services is because the waitress don't make money unless you left a tip! And if you sit infront of a sushi bar or the hibachi table they have to share the tip with the chefs! ( don't worry the chef get a salary)After all, no matter which one work the hardest they split the tip between all the waitresses. I don't know how good or all bad is their food is but I know the women (wife of the owner)works in the front whom is very nice to customers but not to workers. Two days ago a girl who is new to work , and drove 4 hours from her home to work at that restaurant and only half a day she got fired, just because she got a customers order wrong! And got to drive 4 more hours back home and only make 40 dollars(that is not even enough for gas)! I don't know how that could happen! I feel sorry for her(even I don't know her). Last I just want to say please don't go to the restaurant after 9(weekend 10), because my sister works there and she complained no matter what time you got in the owner will let you in but won't tell you they are closing soon(when you eating gonna be lots of eyes starring at you) and delay their off time(they don't get extra pay,please let them go home early)......
4	Came here for lunch while at a conference. Food was absolutely delicious and good service was provided throughout. Prices were very reasonable.
3	We went here with a group of 12 for 2 people's birthdays. They gave us a free bottle of champagne and because they weren't able to fill all of the glasses with the bottle, they poured us two extra glasses. We also got free sake from the hibachi chef who squirted the sake (that is typically used for the stove) into our mouths. Sake bombs were inexpensive but the food was on the pricier side and just typical hibachi style food. The hibachi chef messed up his tricks a few times but we were very forgiving after a few sake bombs. Not sure I'll come again but good for a party.
1	We came here for Restaurant Week and we're really excited about the menu. However, from the moment we arrived, we felt completely rushed by the server. He kept trying to take our drink and meal orders before our party could even sit down. The restaurant week menu was supposed to include an appetizer, main course and dessert. We did not receive our appetizers until after we had all finished our meals. Our server then got some of our orders wrong.  The hibachi chef had a serious attitude and did not do very much of the entertainment that you would expect at a hibachi restaurant. We thought it was just him, but we watched him put on a fabulous show for the next party at another table. He even had balloon animals for the little girl at that table while my young daughter did not. When we gave feedback to the manager, just like our server, she kept interrupting and rushing us too!  By the time we got to speak with her, no one even wanted dessert, especially when we were then told that they were out of some of the options. We had to go back and forth with the manager to get any type of remedy. All in all, the food was really good, but the service was horrible and it seemed they were not prepared for the volume of orders during Restaurant Week. They could also use some training for their staff in customer service.
3	Traveling solo, I chose a seat at the bar to have a glass of wine and some sushi. The service at the bar was really good and the wine list was acceptable. I will have to say that I was not overly impressed with the sushi menu. It's limited compared to other sushi bars I've been to in Charlotte. When I asked to make a substitution in one of the rolls, they were happy to accommodate. I then ordered chicken teriyaki which was somewhat disappointing although the accompanying salad with ginger dressing was very fresh, crisp and flavorful.  Red Ginger: best part was service, food was OK but not exceptional, sushi menu limited.
2	Not too impressed with this place. The atmosphere is trendy, and of course the location is great for uptown. The chef wasn't as engaged with our table as they are in other places, he seemed a little rushed, and it wasn't even that busy...granted there was 7 girls talking so he probably figured what we were talking about was much more interesting than a volcano made from onions! ;-) I had the Hibachi steak and shrimp. The shrimp was really under seasoned, and over cooked. I also split a sushi roll which was OK, it was no CowFish but not terrible either. The prices are pretty average for a Japanese restaurant, but the food lacked in flavor.  We got a complimentary tempura banana dessert, and it was odd...the texture of tempura doesn't go well with bananas. I'd stick with Nakato for Hiabachi and hands down The Cowfish for sushi...best sushi in Charlotte. Its not that I would never go back to Red Ginger but I wouldn't put this at the top of my list for great uptown restaurants. I've also seen Groupons for Red Ginger but don't really think it's worth it, don't feel it's that great of a deal for the prices.
4	Went here for lunch and the first thing I notice is how trendy everything looks inside.  After being seated near the sushi bar area, I ordered from the lunch menu and got the Hibachi Steak with soup.  Had to make a change with the vegetables that came with it because I'm no fan of broccoli; no problem, I got zucchini and onion for vegetables instead.  The wait time was reasonable and my sweat tea was slightly strong, but fine.The soup that I was served before the meal had a odd spice yet bland taste.  The Hibachi Steak was served with a good portion of surprisingly tender steak, a good serving of zucchini and onion and a very measured amount of fried rice.  The dish came with two small dishes of dipping sauces (the usual shrimp sauce and brown sauce).  The taste of the dish was good, it was what I would expect for Hibachi style and I eventually cleaned the plate.I give it four stars.  The service was friendly and was able to make substitutions without issue; the prices were a little higher, but you do get a choice of soup or salad with the meal; and taste was good... not amazing, but it is much better than other Japanese restaurants in Charlotte that focus more on the sake and sushi while the grill suffers.  Overall, worth additional visits.
4	I've passed this place a million times while driving uptown and finally decided to come here. Came here during Charlotte's Restaurant week in July and it was really good overall. You can either come here with the family/co-workers for hibachi or come here solo with a date for dinner. Inside looks really nice too. Another good thing about it, it that it seemed pretty low key and not overly crowded for a saturday night.  The food was great. I had the Red Ginger meal. Service could have been better but it was good enough.Overall, I had a good time and I'll definitely be back.
3	This place is one of two Asian style restaurants near the Convention Center.  Went here for lunch with co-workers.  We ordered different lunch box sets.  My eel avocado roll, smoke salmon roll  and Boston Roll were all fine.  The chicken teriyaki dish and hibachi shrimp looked ok.
4	I've only tried the hibachi here but it was excellent.  Well flavored and seasoned and the shrimp sauce, which in my opinion can make or break a hibachi experience, was very good.  One of my favorites places for lunch!
2	Not bad, but also not great. The atmosphere and vibe are very comfortable. I really appreciated the lounge feel. But it's not a very busy place, I think I know why. We ordered the coconut shrimp appetizer. Wasn't mind blowing, but was still good. The miso soup was also decent along with the salad. They weren't bad, just didn't leave a memorable impression. My husband ordered the seafood delight I think was its name. His lobster was very tough and initially unidentifiable. I ordered the fillet and shrimp hibachi dinner combo. The fillet was actually really good. Cooked and seasoned well. Unfortunately, my shrimp was way over cooked and way under seasoned. My noodles were a little bland as were my vegetables and fried rice. Honestly, the place could be a real uptown sensation with just a few improvements in my opinion. Better seasoning and shorter cook times on the seafood. Other than that, it wasn't bad. Service was pretty decent. I couldn't drink any water because my first glass had this white substance stuck to the inside with stuff floating inside it. I asked for another glass and that one was in the same condition.They gave us a coupon for our next visit. Not sure if I will return
5	We frequently dine at Fuji the sister restaurant to Red Ginger however for New Years Eve we decided to head up town and check out the new location. The ambiance was great, it is very simple, chic and clean. The hibachi looked great although we are sushi junkies so we sat at a table next to the sushi bar. We ordered the sushi appetiser and the crispy duck roll to begin along with an Asahi beer each and large saki all were great and the service was wonderful.The manager came over and said hello and so did one of the chefs from the Fuji location we received a complimentary champagne cocktail which was super nice. Well then we ordered dinner , 4 rolls, the specialty Monster roll, The Empire roll ( my fav), The West Ashley roll and the American Dream roll... They were all fabulous and presented awesomely .... We tipped our sushi chef well and they sent over a spicy tuna kani pocket complimentary. For desert we had the fried cheese cake. We were over all extremely pleased with our dinner and glad we picked such a great place for a New Years meal.
3	Atmosphere feels pretty comfortable. Service is great, the food is decent, but this place could really need a better ventilation system. We sat pretty far away from the hibachi grill, but my clothes still stink.
