4	I love this Gym, its where I got my passion for health. Its quiet and only old people work out there. The membership is cheap and the trainers are very knowledged
5	It seems like most gyms get more crowded and more expensive every day, but this quaint little neighborhood gym just keeps on going.  You see the same familiar faces every day, and the same snowbirds coming back year after year.  Great people, the BEST class instructors and very capable personal trainers.  Never very busy no matter what time you go which amazes me because the membership cost is CHEAP.  No frills but everything you need from a gym.  Check it out!
2	This gym...is...not exactly ideal.  I would give the place 4 stars just rating the trainers, BUT, all things considered, it's more like 2 stars.  Here's why:The facility. It's so-so. The GM/Owner (?) boasts that he's having everything renovated in a couple weeks: flat screens, rubber floors, the facility next door actually being conjoined to create one space...however wonderful this might be, it's going to disturb the flow of senior citizens and regulars--something I will return to 24 Hour Fitness to avoid. I received a free fitness evaluation by a personal trainer when I received my membership and I thought it was really helpful!  Wes is extremely knowledgeable and energetic, and he showed me several new exercises and he taught me how to use a foam roller properly.  The equipment is standard. Nothing special; however, there is some pretty nice equipment in the new space next door, but classes for a Tai Kwon Do academy often occupy that space.  There's only one Gauntlet/Stairmaster. As one of the best pieces of cardio equipment you can find, this is inadequate. I looked around to find a bottle of disinfectant to wipe off the machine; I wandered the place for a bit and couldn't find a single bottle. Oh, but there's hand sanitizer galore!  I cringe when I grasp any piece of equipment in the place. And then, there's the Saturday exercise classes that change instructors every week. The first time I went it was fun. Not a really challenging workout, but amusing nonetheless. And then, because I had brought a friend to the class, the DM appeared to pitch his gym to my innocent buddy. I'm still confused on the terms of his membership; he put my friend in the computer and didn't charge him--they'll "figure it out later". Okay....And then today, as I was walking out of the locker room three trainers cornered me, begging me to sign up for this Saturday's class.  I had to say "no" four times and give an elaborate excuse before I was released. Maybe I'm picky, or maybe I don't enjoy seniors oogling at me during my workout.  It's nice because it's right next to my office, but I still prefer 24 Hour Fitness compared to this.
4	I had only been to this gym a handful of times, and I can say that it's not bad! It's not the mega-gym and full of douche that the typical Scottsdale fitness facility will have, like, say LA Fitness or 24-Hour, but the gym has everything you need: cardio, weights, classes, etc.My first experience was a visit for a class, and it wasn't as challenging as I would have hoped, but that's ok. I can always do my own thing in the gym. The owner seemed quirky, but rather friendly.Then, I started work next door and got a free membership here. I had a chance to visit a handful of times before I got the hell out of Dodge, and the gym went through some nice upgrades. It's a little far from where I used to live in Scottsdale, so that is why I didn't pursue a membership here, but if I lived in this area, Fitness Experience would've been decent spot for me to get my swoll on.
1	Awful gym. I have had gym memberships since I was a teenager ranging from very high end clubs to Gold's gym (which are usually very clean and hire very good instructors). I got a good deal for Fitness Experience and had I visited the gym first I would have never even wasted money on the that gym. Very old with outdated equipment and not very clean with very old people just standing around and not very good instructors. With so many good gyms in Scottsdale why waste money and time here.
5	Great place for both individual and group workouts.
4	I love this gym, especially the training staff.  The classes run by the fitness trainers are excellent, the Zumba classes are fun and very challenging.  This is a smaller gym which offers a friendly atmosphere and is maintained in good condition.  My trainers are Glen and Brittany, but Sunny, Laura and Bruno are wonderful too.  I refer all my friends to check this place out.  The only downside is space for the classes, the classes run by the training staff are so popular there's no room for last minute decisions to join the class.  Maybe they will find a way to expand that area.  My daughter is in her early 20's and works out here too, there are many people in the 20-55 age group when I go, so the previous reviewer must have gone when they offer a silver sneaker class.  The club offers something for all age groups and everyone feels at home.  On a positive note, I feel stronger, healthier and more fit since working with a trainer.  I highly recommend adding one personal session with a trainer or share a session with a friend, it is highly motivational.
5	I just wrote a review and it got lost in Yelp, so here we go again...I belonged to 24Hr Fitness and enjoyed it.  But during the several years I was there, I was never introduced to a trainer, after the sale of the subscription, and the one employee I did meet was transferred within weeks of my starting.  About a year ago, my wife and I joined Fitness Experience.  I wasn't terribly taken with the exterior appearance or the first impression of the gym and equipment, although the gym and equipment were more than adequate.  The clincher is the staff.  Brian (owner) has somehow assembled an awesome group of professional trainers who are competent, friendly, focused on the individual client (although they will go out of their way to offer momentary help to any customer, even if conducting a training session), and engaging as people.  They have an incredible work ethic and, yet, are fun to be around. Glen, the lead trainer, is an amazing instructor of the training staff and you feel confident just having him around.  His fiance, Brittany, leads a group workout class we attend that is both physically challenging and delightfully family-like.  Laura and Sundance are thoughtful and unassuming topflight trainers who adjust well to the needs of the clients they are serving.  You couldn't find a nicer group of training professionals in any gym.  Ali and Summer, at the front desk, are always ready to greet you and to wish you well as you leave the gym.In short, Fitness Experience is the "Cheers" of gyms for me.Grateful patron.
5	Fitness Experience is great!  The trainers are very knowledgeable and always willing to answer any questions I have.  My personal training sessions have really brought my workouts to the next level.  I get a program specifically designed for me, follow it for a bit, and then when I'm ready for a new challenge I meet with my trainer, Sunny, for another program.  The gym is not over crowded like some of the big chain gyms that I've been too.  I can always get on the equipment that I want.  It's a small enough size that you get to know the trainers and other members on a first name basis, but it's big enough to have all the equipment you need.
5	I have been to 24 Hour Fitness and Mountainside Fitness and I would rather go to a  smaller, friendlier gym (that costs less money) any day of the week. The trainers I have worked with are super friendly and very knowledgeable. I go home after each workout more sore than a whole week's worth of working out on my own. There's actually been two sessions I haven't even been able to finish the whole hour. I'm not even that out of shape, they're just tough!To the person who said the gym smells like sweat, I'm not quite sure what to say. I think I would throw up if it smelled like flowers or anything else but people working out in there.
