5	I highly recommend Dr. Johansen.  He is not only very good, but he has a personality.  I can't say enough about the quality and care.  One instance I had my front teeth almost knocked out and he got me in within the hour.  Explained everything in a way I could understand and kept my teeth in place.
5	Dr. Johansen is WONDERFUL. I can't say enough great things about him. He is awesome with children even though he is not specifically a pediatric dentist. I used to dread going to see a dentist, but Dr. Johansen's chairside manner has helped me overcome the irrational fears I once had. He has a witty sense of humor and is very good at explaining everything. I do wish that he as well as other dentists didn't quite charge as much as they do, but I'm not going to knock him too hard for that, since that could just be a market rate for his services.
5	I have been seeing Dr. Johansen since I was 8 years old-about 22 years now. He is the best dentist you will ever find. I went away to college and had to see a new dentist and I realized how good Dr. Johansen is. If you are looking for an excellent caring dentist, go see Dr. Johansen.
4	I have gone to Dr. Johansen for over a year now.  It wasn't until last week that I spent any real time in his chair.  I needed a couple of crowns and had to replace a 40 year old filling.  I went to a couple of other dentists in the area.  Dr. Johansen's office is head and shoulder above the others.    The doctor's work was done quickly with minimum of pain.  The office is very well run.  The dental hygienists, and assistants are very competent.   Scheduling is easy and efficient.  A real person calls to confirm the appointment a day prior.  I really dislike when a machine calls.  A little about the office.   It is meticulously clean as a dentist office should be.  The equipment is seems to be first rate, clean and sanitary.  Everyone in the office is pleasant and efficient.  They understand how to work with insurance companies too.  To my mind the perfect dentist would be one that could filter out that high pitched whine of the dental drill.
5	It was my first time to dr Kent Johansen. They were very nice and did a wonderful job cleaning my teeth
3	I am torn between 2 and 3 stars for this place. I moved here a year ago and hadn't found a dentist yet when I broke a tooth. I needed someone quick and turned to Yelp. Since this dentist has all good reviews I thought it'd be a great place to try. The extra star is due to the office getting me in the very next day- new patient and all.  That's going above and beyond for sure! Unfortunately, there's where impressing me ended. The dentist barely introduced himself and didn't even smile before starting in on my tooth. As a new patient, this didn't put me at ease at all. The hygenist was nice while taking xrays and waiting for the dentist. He came in, no small talk to make me more comfortable, and tells me I am a step away from needing a root canal and will need a crown for sure and asked if I was prepared to do this that day. Seeing as how my tooth was broken, yes I needed it done that day. Not 30 seconds after he walked out, the lady who does the billing came in to show me the $500 estimate she'd already compiled on what I would owe. I 1/2 way wanted to say nevermind and leave to get a 2nd opinion since everything was so matter of fact and instantaneous, but again, I had a broken tooth and what are the odds someone else would see me the next day? Plus, maybe he was just having a bad day and wasn't too talkative, but I didn't appreciate that he seemed annoyed my mouth is small and his drilling was hurting me... and then, 2 weeks later when I went to get the permanent crown, I found him to be just as impersonal so I don't think it was just a bad day. I also had a different hygenist for the return visit. She was also nice but I didn't like that the one I built a rapport with wasn't the one I saw again when I went back for the follow up.As he rudely pointed out another tooth with a cavity on the other side and how I needed to come back as soon as possible before something major happened to it, I made a mental note to find another dentist as soon as I got back to the office.... While I greatly appreciate this office getting me in so quickly, and how nice the supporting staff is, I would have appreciated a dentist who didn't seem aggravated to help me as he is drilling my teeth. If dentists make you nervous, you have sensitive teeth, or need something more than a routine cleaning that the hygenist can do, I recommend you try a different dentist. I have sense lucked up and found the right dentist in the valley for me, that review coming soon....
5	I'm thrilled that we found Dr. Johansen! I had the devil dentist in CO and after what he did I do my research on every dental professional. I have very high standards. I check everything from where they went to school, dental boards, BBB, out of pocket costs, I read reviews and everything in between. Dr. Johansen passed everything with ease. I'm a pian in the behind patient..he completely understood my fears, took his time to explain everything and was compassionate. I'm a big baby when I go to the dentist now, it creates extreme anxiety! They understand and provide me with what I need to get the work I need done. I highly recommend him. The office staff is the BEST! So friendly, compassionate, empathic, easy to work with, I can get appointment quickly! My husband knows the time and energy I put into finding a dentist, he felt very comfortable when he went in...and agrees we found the right dentist. TWO THUMBS UP!
5	Great staff, always timely!
