4	Stopped in during their 2nd day open and they were totally packed, but not too packed due to the size of the store, the layout, and the amount of employees on the floor.The highlight was the coffee table touch pcs they had scattered throughout the store.  I think they had either 4 or 6, I can't remember.  In addition to the coffee table pcs they had a very impressive video wall hooked up to a bunch of XBOX 360's.  They also had a 103" touchscreen computer in their "theater" area at the back of the store with Microsoft Earth or whatever the hell they call their map product.  I could see some sweet Forza or Guitar Hero tournaments back there.Obviously the products are Microsoft everything.  PCs, Zune, XBox, etc.  I'm not a retarded fanboy in either camp.  I realize Mac sucked until they built their OS ontop of Unix (before Unix they sucked balls).  I realize the only difference between a PC and a Mac is the Mac costs more for the exact same equipment wrapped in a shiny, white case.  I understand Macs are just as vulnerable to virii and malware as a PC is.  I realize pretty much every version of Windows sucks ass.  I have computers running Vista x64, WinServer 2003, WinXP, Ubuntu, K-Ubuntu, and have a Mac Book Pro on order.  That being said, if you can leave the lame fanboy shit at home, you should enjoy the store.Staff was totally friendly, not too many hot chicks, unfortunately, hopefully they'll step it up in that area.  It's worth a trip to check out those table-top computers which gives us a glimpse into the future.  They've got a pretty fun 4-person spaceship strategy game that's a lot of fun.  You may notice my 1st place score on the back stand-up to the right of the register.  It's worth a look for sure, even if you have never purchased, and plan on never purchasing, a piece of MS software for the rest of your life, like me.
5	I visited the new store to get rid of Vista and get Windows 2007.Josh ,a computer genius ,who is nice to people too ,is so great.While there ,I also  bought the cutest Mini from Evelyn.I wanted pink but took 3d white instead.She was very knowledgeable and took time to review my options.She went out of her way to set it up for me .I even got help carrying everything to my car.I can't wait to go back to one of their classes.  Not that any of you care ,but this could be a good pick up place as well.
2	Is this some kind of joke, a parody to the Apple Store?Microsoft has no idea how to run a store, it has stolen the layout of the infamous Apple Store and branded it with the Windows logo. Please, Microsoft, at least entail it with some originality.
2	Norm R., Mike C., & I stopped into this place to see what M$ is up to here.  It amounts to a copycat of the Apple Stores, but since M$ makes very little hardware, it's most a room full of Acer, Dell, & other computers & monitors, sitting there idling with Windows 7 on them, available to buy.  It did give me a chance to try the new operating system, & I'll stay with my XP, thanks.There were some trick touch-screen things such as a huge Google Earth like satellite map on the back wall that was fun to play with, making it search all over the world mostly by moving it with your hands.Lots of friendly employees were on hand to talk to about anything Microsoft, but I didn't think it had anywhere near the horsepower of the Apple Store, & my wild guess is that it will fizzle out.  In the meantime, it will go on without me returning.
3	If you are a windows user this store will work for you. You can get hands on with a number of laptops from a number of manufactures to test them and play with. However, their prices are a touch higher than you will find at Best Buy, Frys or just about anywhere else.The do have the Surface Tables which are fun to play with and the store itself is very beautiful - even if it's a replica of an Apple Store.
5	In the need to upgrade my old laptop for some time, I decided to stop by this store, but mostly to see what Microsoft had created. I admit I expected a copy of the Apple Stores and nothing much to offer. From the layout I think everyone would agree it is very similar to Apple Stores, but with hardware from multiple vendors, as well as Microsoft hardware and software products.To be fair, since Microsoft is mostly a software company, I don't think it's fair to expect a similar experience to an Apple Store. Also, if interested in a hardware evaluation, their customer service people will have demands greater than Apple in trying to know as much about many different products as possible. After looking around, I had numerous questions about Windows and networking. The first rep I spoke to was newer to the field so he brought a more experienced person who was able to answer practically all of these more advanced issues regarding Windows.In the past if I had questions about Windows functionality, and more frequently problems, sales representatives at stores are usually poor in knowledge and not Microsoft certified experts. I would have to resort to searching the internet or trying to find solutions in book stores. I did resort to calling Microsoft a few times over the many years but only when I had exhausted all other ways to solve the problems.This store provides something that has been missing, a great resource for Windows questions and problems from people who are (or should be) the Microsoft versions of an Apple genius. Considering that 90% of the computers out there are running Windows I think this store (and others if they expand) would be a great place for operating system and other Microsoft software help and education.Unfortunately, when it comes to purchasing computers they have a lot of competition, unlike Apple, since people can buy from so many stores or directly online. I don't know if they would be able to offer anything that unique, other than service, that would draw people to favor these stores over other stores. If they push education classes like Apple stores they might gain a following to make them profitable. Actually provides a face to face educational experience that has been lacking for Windows, Office, and other Microsoft software running on various products.Not sure if it will catch on, but if you are having problems with a Microsoft product, or have questions, I recommend this store for a face to face interaction.
4	I am rating this store not for their computers but the Fun Friday's Microsoft days for kids. I brought my 2.5yr old here and she really enjoyed it. Its held every friday. After 3 visits she receives a gift bag and after 10 she receives free learning software. They sang songs, read a story and did a fun activity! I thought it was very interesting. Ages 1-5 I do believe and it starts at 1030am and runs till about 1115am. Enjoy!!
3	I wandered in about a month ago pretty much knowing what I was expecting to find and I hit the nail on the head. Lots of Microsoft products! Imagine that, whodathunk it? It was like windows nirvana, if you like that sort of thing.I can't say I was overly impressed with anything. The Microsoft surface was pretty cool but didn't really have a chance at a useful demo of all it offers. I don't recall being asked by any sales guys if I was looking for anything. We just wandered the store and took it all in. I came, I saw, I left. Probably will be the last time I'm in there.
2	I was in the mall, killing time as usual, and decided to take a look at the Microsoft Store.  I have worked with Microsoft computers since the advent of the computer age, and had recently visited the Apple Store, so I was curious what the Redmond people had to offer.  Next to the Apple Store, it left a lot to be desired.  It was pretty much the same that you could see at any large electronic store - and since Microsoft is primarily a software company, the computers were a mixture of Dell, Toshiba, HP, etc.   There were several interesting displays set up, but I found nothing that was really outstanding or different than you could find at Best Buy or any large computer store.  Even though all of my computers are windows based, I will not be returning any time soon.  There was just nothing that was really new or innovative.
4	I went to this store because I bought a new Toshiba laptop with Vista on it and I can't stand Vista. It doesn't work with my old programs and Microsoft really screwed up the scanner camera wizard.So I went in looking for solutions. I found the staff to be very helpful and knowledgeable, they tried to talk me into upgrading to Windows 7 pro as it can run XP in a virtual environment and assured me that would solve the issues I was having.I was less than eager to purchase the new software on the word of a salesman and they didn't have a computer in the store with Windows 7 Pro on it so they got a manager to assist me.He explained that he would have to get corporate approval to install Windows 7 pro on one of their units but he would do so and contact me when he had a system to demonstrate for me.Two days later I got the call, I returned to the store wit my old XP laptop, my new Vista laptop and my camera (so I could demonstrate how superior the XP scanner camera wizard is)I met the manager and he proceeded to show me how great Windows 7 is and I was impressed right up to the point where I got to try it for myself like I would use it for business.It had the same issues as Vista. We opened XP in virtual mode and the new scanner camera wizard opened when I connected the camera. then I showed the manager how it works on my 6 year old XP laptop and he realized, that windows 7 Pro would not work for me.I gave them four stars because they really tried to help and treated me very well even though I didn't buy anything.If your a windows user, and need help or advice, go check them out, they were polite, and professional. Its not their fault that Microsoft screws up every good thing they make.Did I mention I'm a PC and Vista was a bad idea.
4	I dig this place. Yes, it is clearly Microsoft's attempt at something like the Apple Store. Unlike at the Apple Store however, the associates here actually seem to have time to help you. Forget Best Buy, seriously. I won't even go there, literally or rhetorically.We hit Microsoft Store after being given the runaround down at the Sony Style store. The staff is very friendly and the woman we talked to easily answered all of our questions. We bought a Sony Vaio from her. She offered the free "Out of Box Experience" in which they take out your laptop and show you the basic functionality, install Windows updates, and so on. They charge like $100 for this type of thing at Best Buy. They also have three-year Microsoft support plans on offer, but they don't pressure you with it at all. We declined these things and were on our way.They offer a 10% educator discount, which saved us $100 on our laptop. Score! Great experience.
4	As a technology enthusiast, I was pleased to see Microsoft's launch of their very first retail store (ever).  I have window shopped here several times since it's Grand Opening in the Fall '09Of course, my first instinct about it was, "Oh, it's probably going to look like an Apple Store."  Hmm, yes and no.Similarities:** Sleek Layout of the Products and AccessoriesDifferences:** Sells various Laptop and PC brands such as Sony, Toshiba, and Lenovo** X-Box Gaming Demo Area (Usually, they will have kids jumping up and down in front of the screen, playing some games.  So I commend them for placing this at the front of the store to attract shopper's walking by).If you are a "PC" person, like myself, it is very refreshing to see that they offer different brands other than just ONE (like Apple does).  With different brands, there's different styles, experience, and feel.  We like choices! At least some of us do.  What I have observed and in high favor of is their showcasing of the latest hardware version of whichever Laptop or PC that is currently out.Lastly, when needed, the Staff members seemed knowledgeable and attentive.
4	i remember the days when i used to pay money to go to an arcade.  i think kids still do that  these days.  but why??? this place is like a free arcade!!  kinect is awesome!  i went on a busy day, but they have so many available that you don't even have to wait to play!  it's hilarious watching others play.  you could easily spend 2 hours in this store alone.  way funner than the apple store!  i would never buy anything here, but would definitely stop in just to play with the gadgets.
5	This store is so great. Unlike Best Buy their service is ultra fast and there is fun stuff to do in the store.
5	I was shopping for a new laptop, and decided to give the Microsoft store a visit. Ive been in there before, and thought it was nice. The staff is VERY up on their products, helpfull, and friendly. The computers come with only the software you want, and none of the trial, manufacture, or other bloatware that comes on computers from Best Buy, Walmart, etc. I bought a new laptop, and they set it up, and transfered all the stuff from my old one, and when I got home, it was ready to go! Ive been there 2 times since with questions, and they have been happy to answer all of them each time! Very friendly people! I cant see buying a Windows based PC anyplace else.
4	I had to do a double take when we walked past this store in the mall.  Yes, it is their attempt to be "apple-ish" but I didn't care.  It was geeking time for us PC people..  It was great to see all of their new things there to play with to my hearts content, but no, I don't care how fantastic that mouse is and what it does (and it was very cool) I am entirely too cheap to pay $80 for it.  You can play with things to your hearts content and the workers are there to help you with any questions you may have.  I had a ball playing with the Xbox kinect and totally forgot I was in a mall when I was busting some moves playing Dance Central 2.  I have GOT to get me one of these!!!!If you are a PC person then this place is fun if for nothing more than just going in and viewing the goodies....and playing with them.
5	I had a problem with a pc that I purchased from the Microsoft store. Worst case scenario, or so I thought. I contacted customer support. I spoke with a few people who were all very helpful and pleasant but could not fix the problem. I  was the put in contact with William Zollicoffer a support  agent. I was able to return my pc with out incident. The agent followed my problem start to finish via telephone and email.  After having many customer support problems with other companies this was a great breath of fresh air. Microsoft seems to hire employees who care about the customer. I will use the Microsoft store in the future and recommend the store to my friends and family.
1	It takes a special kind of evil for a corporate giant like Microsoft to step on local small business owners while putting up a fake veneer of community involvement.Tyler B. is the Community Event Liaison that works for the Microsoft Store in Scottsdale and she was impossible to work with for organizing a community event.  She refused to take or return phone calls, wouldn't answer questions in emails and even failed to share the dates and times of the event in which I was supposed to participate.  How is that supposed to work?  She made it impossible for our studio to contribute by refusing to communicate or cooperate.She made it abundantly clear with several emails that she was too busy to be bothered.  Phone calls forbidden.  We only communicated by email where she was extremely condescending and all she was able to do was to say NO!  Furthermore, the information that she did manage to share turned out to be false.I told her that I didn't think the Microsoft Store was the right venue for my open-source software lesson and she told me that I didn't have a choice.  I had to go and give the presentation because they listed it without my details, approval or knowledge.To resolve this she insisted that I come to the store and meet with a techie that could make things work.  I did this and the gentleman was kind enough but really didn't seem to know what to do so instead wasted over an hour of our time until I finally had to present the simple solution that I suggested from the very start but that Tyler told me was not allowed.  Typical run around to waste time.  Turns out it was allowed.Why would Microsoft employ someone as a Community Liaison if that person refuses to communicate, gives false information and wastes a whole month of time to accomplish absolutely nothing while maintaining this mean person agenda?  Did I deserve this disgusting behavior because I am a Linux user?  Apparently these are the games that the Microsoft Store teaches their employees to play with small businesses that don't use Windows.Microsoft should be ashamed to employ such a despicable person for Community Outreach.  When I declined to participate the second time due to Tyler's continued lack of communication she wrote unfounded, nasty [slander] things about a person and trashed [libel] a business that she never took a moment to learn about simply because she failed to do her job and communicate.I'm sure Microsoft can can do better by finding a person that actually wants to communicate and do the job.  Tyler B. is obviously not the right person to organize Community Events and if Microsoft really wants to connect with local businesses and the community then they need to make things right.  Stop playing games and send Tyler walking.
5	Incredible service. I went in to the Microsoft Store at the Fashion Mall in Scottsdale and was promptly greated and treated very special today. Tony G. was fantastic in helping me take care of my problem with my Windows phone. The service today was better than I experienced at the Apple store at the Arrowhead Mall last year. Neat store and great people!
5	Employees are nice and helpful, shop is awesome with a gorgeous setup, fantastic events, and great promotions.
5	Joe the manager is awesome!  When I first went there last month I purchased a thinkpad twist, it had issues and has since been recalled.  The staff was helpful and completely understanding with my frustration.  They made sure I got into another product that would be the best solution for my business.  Everyone was great in getting me back and running and extremely patient with me.  They walked me thru and transferred all my data now I'm back there every week for the training.  Their technical support and trainers are great. A huge Thank you to Adam!  My favorites for training are Gary, Melissa and Alma they spend time with you and let you do it yourself which is how I learn.  From the moment you walk in to the minute you leave you're treated with respect, communication and a cold beverage.  I only wish they offered wine along with their water and soda's :-)  I would highly recommend The Scottsdale Microsoft Store to anyone looking to purchase a windows product.  They will answer your questions and help you make the best decision for you.Debbie NiemanRealtor
4	I stopped by here a couple of weeks ago out of curiosity.  The store is spacious and contains many brands of PCs including Acer, Asus, Dell and Lenovo.  The computers, tablets, phones and accessories are presented in such a way that allows the shopper to view it and interact.  If you like technology and all it offers, you will likely enjoy this store.  I have been in the market to replace my original iPad since it went into forced obsolescence last summer with iOS6.  I wanted to opt for a replacement iPad at the Apple Store by the cultish atmosphere in that store really turned me off.  Furthermore, the price of the replacement after two years of usage did not warrant the purchase.I can be argued that the Microsoft Store is a rip off the Apple Store, but who invented the tablet and laptop - not Apple!The store is the best place to try out the xbox.  The screens on the walls are huge and the sound effects are studio level.  It is simply fun.  There is no pressure by the staff to buy anything.  They are friendly and well trained and can answer most of your technical questions.  The prices are reasonable.  You can probably shop around and find computers and tablets cheaper.  However, the support that is provided is worth the difference in price.I was really amazed to see a store employee patiently assisting an older customer with his computer questions and provide answers............there were many!I only wish they still sold Zunes......................
5	Really enjoy this store. It is very convenient and well laid out. Customer service was fantastic had a tech named Adam help me out with my Surface and unlike the apple people he was very cool and patient helping me with my problem.  I recommend this place very much and am glad this store exists. I hope they add more throughout the valley. Kyle
2	Went into the store yesterday.  I had very specific questions around Microsoft Surface 2.  Was planning on purchasing one that day.  The store is very reminiscent of an Apple Store.  Spoke to a rep that was over at the Surface table.  Very unhelpful. Actually answered my questions with only a yes or no. No elaboration at all.  If I come in looking for additional information and tell you I am interested in the Surface 2 then I would expect you to tell me all you know. Not just glib short answers. Drove 40 minutes because I thought this was the place. What a waste of my time! Won't be back and will purchase my Microsoft products elsewhere. Guy told me he had been working there over a year when I asked him.  Really???
5	This store has what Apple stores don't: competent and polite employees (I'm so tired of waiting for assistance at Apple stores. The blue shirts don't seem very interested in helping out customers); a variety of manufacturers represented; and more interesting products that are reasonably priced and far less limiting than their Apple counterparts. I've always gotten prompt, courteous, and very helpful advice at this Microsoft store. I have almost every Apple product currently available and do still love the products; albeit, they're extremely over-rated and over-priced. I've recently purchased a Windows laptop and realized that I am actually enjoying it much more than my MacBook Air. The operating system is less limiting and actually offers a far superior UI experience. Apple customers, including myself, are a very loyal group and it takes an open mind to look at products from other manufacturers. I'm glad I opened my mind and wallet. I'm super happy with the product, the price, the customer service, and this store in particular. I'm in the process of switching from an Apple ecosystem to a Microsoft ecosystem. Next up: Windows Phone. If you haven't checked it out, do yourself a favor and do. I'm not even going to look back at the iPhone and will have no iPhone envy with OS 8 and iPhone 6: the developers preview last week with the new OS 8 seems uninspiring and not in the least bit tempting. I'm pretty sure Steve Jobs is rolling in his grave knowing Apple is no longer an industry innovator. But...I digress. This store at Scottsdale Fashion is very worth checking out for all of the abovementioned reasons. Super happy customer....5 stars!!
5	Very impressive store, staff, and productsLike most human beings I know, we have a mix of Apple, Google, and Windows products in our home.  And while I'm a fan of the design of Apple products, I guess I'm in the minority of folks who think the service in their stores is just average.I've been to the Microsoft store a few times and find the design is on-par with Apple.  This was the first time I was looking to buy.  Where the MS Store stood out: (1) Service reps eager to help when you need them; (2) service reps who introduce themselves and then let you know they're there to assist if you need without pestering; and (3) an improving set of hardware options.  It is hard not to compare since we've been pitting Microsoft and Apple against each other for so long.  From what I see, the design advantages Apple has over Windows products are diminishing.  Hardware from Asus and HP is clean and elegant... just a touch away from what Apple offers but with more variety.  Office is still the best productivity suite available, though also the most expensive.  If Microsoft gets a user-friendly and more secure Win8 done, the OS battle will bend hard MS's way.  And if they can leverage the XBOX platform with a better apps ecosystem, it will be a very fun media battle for us consumers.  Bottom line: I walked out with a Surface Pro 3 bundle under my arm to test at work.  Price was about equal between Apple and Windows bundles for equal hardware and software.  And I was happier than the last time I visited the Apple Store (by a lot).
4	Shaq was very helpful and help me get my purchase completed in almost no time. I only had about 10 minutes and he was able to answer all of my questions about my new surface pro 3. Super personable and even pretty funny. I would definitely go back to this store for any computer me 4 even for any GoPro camera accessories, they have all of them except for the selfie stick. Get that and you will have your fifth star!
