5	One of the hidden jewels of AZ - Pho Mesa is the only place so far that i've found that has decent Pho. Its in a little strip mall beside a massage place that always has ambulances parked outside. The soup comes in a decent sized bowl and you get a choice of noodles. We always ask for glass noodles. With the soup comes a plate of sprouts, basil, cilantro, and some fresh lime to squeeze in your soup. Overall, a good find for those of you missing your normal pho place.
4	Pho is kind of hard to screw up, but it can happen.  However, this isn't one of those occassions.  The pho is wonderful.  I also liked the fried rice too.    It's a bit away from everything, but I'd go here again.
2	You win some you lose some.. Ive been on a losing streak for some time when it comes to Vietnamese food. Have been craving a good Pho since my canned of Pho experience at Todu..The place is in a mostly Vietnamese strip mall which has a wonderful bakery that has Banh Mi.The inside looks like it used to be a karaoke bar now restaurant. The service was efficient if not hard to understand. Had the Pho Special.. was alright, didn't really hit the spot.. the meat tasted old and the broth while fragrant didn't have the oomph like some other places in town.I would not go back to this place while the Pho was alright the space had a weird vibe that I didn't care for.
3	Pho Mesa is hit-or-miss on pho quality. I've been there some times and it's crazy good, other times it's just bland. The rice dishes are not good in general. The charbroiled anything has good flavor, but the side veggies are lacking and poor quality. Today I tried the Mi Quang, which is a pork, curry, lemongrass and coconut infused broth with wide rice noodles, quail eggs and pork slices. Don't be afraid of the banana leaf shavings--throw those in, too!So, only eat the Pho and the Mi soups. I cross my fingers for you when you go!
4	This place isn't called "Pho Mesa" anymore... but it's hands down my FAVORITE place to get Pho... The beef stew is addicting and I have to say, I go there twice a week.  I have forced myself to try other dishes...which are very good...but man... The beef stew is magic.  Very nice people... very humble.
