5	My new favorite spot. The employee is really nice and friendly. This was the first salon I seen using liners for the spa on each clients. It's really classy and the atmosphere was comfortable. Everyone made me feel like I belong there. Beside all the construction going on. (new manager) It's a place to be!! I'm coming here more often! They accept credit card, but bring cash for tips :)
2	The nail tech kept trying to sell me gel nails, even tho I told her no a number of times.  She seemed to lose interest in me after that.  As she hurried me to the drying table, I smudged a nail.  She grabbed the polish and literally globged some of it on a portion of the nail!  I had to take the nail polish off when I got home.  I will never go back!
4	I have been to Voulez Vous a handful of times over the past 2 years. I like it because it's close to my house, and the staff are usually quite friendly/funny! I feel that they do a decent job, and the prices are fair. My reason for knocking off a star is that some of the techs are very persistent about trying to sell you more services. I totally get that it's part of their job and usually don't mind, but last time I went I actually became a little offended. The nail tech kept insisting on a brow wax; I explained to her that I had just had one at my hair salon 5 days prior. She actually acted like she didn't believe me and asked where! This was 3 days before my wedding, so you can be assured my brows looked great. I keep them a little bit on the thicker side because I don't want to be a middle aged woman with no eyebrows in 20 years due to over waxing and plucking.So... word of advice, I would recommend NOT letting them wax your brows, because you're going to risk walking out looking ridiculous with extremely thin, tiny eyebrows :-)I will still go back and get my nails done there, however.
5	I got wonderful service here, great staff, beautiful salon they have here, very clean and sassy atmosphere. I feel like a princess every time I come in here. ASK FOR JULIE, she only works Friday Saturday and sunday :))My gel manicure was wonderful. Her massage was the best.I shall come back.
5	Awesome. I went based on yelp reviews and was not disappointed. Dianne did my mani pedi and was great. The foot and leg massage were amazing. I  will be back next time I am in town. Thank you!
5	Love this place. Get my nails, pedi and eyebrows done there. Lana is a doll. Pretty salon very girly just completely love it! I would highly recommend this salon if your in town or a resident along the Westside area. :)
5	Great place, clean and very pretty inside. Tony gave me a great pedicure and leg massage. Will be back!
5	Kimberly is great! Very friendly and does a wonderful job.  Tried a few different places around and just wasn't pleased with any of the work- fills and pedis. Last week Kimberly put on a whole new set and a week later they still look great- no lifting or peeling at the cuticle. This week my daughter and I got pedis and again great job. She was able to see how bad my heels needed attention before I could say a word (whereas everywhere else I had tried I pointed how bad my heels were and they still were neglected). If you need a regular nail place, this is it! Cute shop, clean, and happy with their services.
1	Im in the beauty industry and have never had a pedicure that was 15 min. That's just not right. It was rushed and the end product looked like it.
5	Recently moved here from Chicago been to a handful of nail salons in the surprise area but I will keep coming here from now on. Julie did an amazing job and all the techs have cute nails with designs to give great ideas. I totally copied Julie's nail design and asked her to have a new design for me to copy next time I come! Place is cute and everyone seemed friendly.
4	I walked into this salon with my mom and decided on a gel full set and a pedi. I was super impressed with the work they did and my nails look great.
2	Came here for an eyebrow wax. Didn't do a very good job. The eyebrows look the same minus just a few hairs. She waxed around the eyebrows and then tweezed a hair or 2 after but that's it. No trimming or anything. Guess I'll keep looking for a good eyebrow waxing place around here.
5	They did an AMAZING job with my pedicure. I will be the first to admit that I have some horrible feet. No matter how much I protect, lotion or cover my feet, my feet still look like I kick rocks for a living. The gentleman who did my feet scrubbed the heck out of them and did a great job with the polish. My feet were baby smooth by the end of it. They also soaked off my acrylic nails and made sure to take proper care to ensure minimal damage. My nails have recovered faster than they ever have. Overall, the customer service was awesome. The choice of colors was awesome. The massage chairs were awesome. It was all awesome and I'll definitely visit them again for my pedicure.
1	Went in for the first time today and requested a pedicure.  The woman who was giving me the pedicure tried selling more services 3 different times throughout the pedicure! I get a pedicure to relax, not to be judged and critiqued by the employee and told what services she thinks I need so they can make more money.  On top of all of it, my nail polish was a mess and not evenly applied.  Worst pedicure experience ever, I will not be back.
3	I went to Voulez Vous in a pinch when I was irresponsible and didn't make an appointment with my regular tech. The salon is super cute and trendy and the price was comparable.  My gel manicure was okay, but I wouldn't rave about it.  I had pink and whites done and almost every one of my white tips are crooked on my nails (thicker on one side than the the other). Additionally, I had a very hard time understanding my nail tech.  I found myself hoping that she didn't ask me any questions or strike up a conversation, because I was afraid I wouldn't understand her.
4	Very clean salon. It was busy when I walked in but I was taken care of quickly. I do not have any complaints about the manicure I received as it was just what I had asked for. This would have been five stars but...The nail tech (Tony) was pushy and tried to sell me a service. Ok, I don't mind this... IF done in a respectable manner... Not questioning my "no thank you" and persisting with "why? But you need." Rude. Furthermore, when I went to pay out and write out my tip, the nail tech was literally standing right over me, watching as I did so... Not ok. I understand there might be a cultural difference here, but the workers must be aware of how their attitudes may steer otherwise happy customers like me away. I have not been to a nail salon that is inconsiderate to this degree.
