3	For those evenings when neither you don't feel like cooking, I'm willing to bet you consider pizza.   Barro's pizza is one of my family's guilty pleasures.  It's great on those nights when you really don't feel like moving from the couch.  These guys pour on the toppings at your request -- so their 'everything' pizza is REALLY thick.  It really is Chicago style pizza.  Not deep-dish, but thick.If you decide to eat at their location, be prepared to visit a typical no-frills, booths-n-tables, old-opaque-style-plastic-cups-and-plastic-pitchers-of-soda style pizza joint.  It's reasonable (but not that entertaining) for families with kids.  It's much nicer in my opinion if you order out.  If you like Parmesan cheese or red-pepper packets, be sure to ask for some when you order.  Normally, the drivers don't have any on hand.In my opinion, this place is good low brow pizza.  Better than big chains like Papa Johns or Pizza Hut, but not as nice as places like Uno's, Oreganos, or California Pizza Kitchen.
5	I pretty much grew up at this Barro's Pizza, so this rating carries a bit of misty-eyed nostalgia for my days in Moon Valley, the best neighborhood in Phoenix. I have so many memories of going here on a Friday or Saturday night with the fam, playing its pathetic little play area and arcade, and watching the Suns. Or from getting a two slice lunch special while hanging out at the now defunct card shop that used to be in this strip mall. But at the same time, Barro's makes some amazing non-deep-dish Chicago pizza at some of the cheapest prices in the city. Even grown up, there isn't much more satisfying meals then getting a Large mushroom and black olive for 10 bux with some beer and going to town. The wings and bread sticks are also always a good call as well as the white pizza that some Barro's locations serve.Now I almost go into withdrawals on Friday nights with local sports and I don't get my Barro's, which is often because for some reason they never decided to open a location downtown. What gives??? How does a Phoenix OG like Barro's never open a location in the city center? They need to rectify that as soon as possible.
5	Moon Valley.. I love you since moving out of the Biltmore area and heading North with my one and only:-) I have found some really great pizza places since moving here.. BUT Barros is by far.. the best.. The service at this particular Barros was awesome.. I had mistakenly called the wrong Barros for pick up.. My boyfriend gets here and gives me that, 'wth look'.. well.. I wasnt sure of the addy, thats my excuse and Im sticking to it.. The cashier was awesome.. she said basically not to worry.. smiling.. and called in our order.. called the wrong Barros and canceled the other.. 8 minutes later.. we had a fresh, piping hot bomb pizza and a dozen wings.. life is good..
4	Still and always, my favorite pizza place.
4	Looking for an A-MAZING vegan pizza (sans cheese)? Follow our formula at Barro's:Order a veggie special pizza with no sauce and no cheeseAsk them to use the white pizza mix as the sauce (oil, herbs and garlic)Add a side of marinara sauce for crust dippin if desiredResult = Stupidly awesome vegan pizza. We loved it.WARNING: It seems the "white pizza mix" may have Parmesan cheese in it. Not sure if it varies by location or not, but we've been given different answers at different locations. I suggest speaking with a Manager at the location you are ordering from to confirm this. We've had to ask for just olive oil, garlic and herbs as the base on a few occasions (rather than the "white pizza mix").
5	I LOVE BARRO'S!!!   Maybe I'm biased because I grew up on this pizza, but it really does hit the spot.  The original pizza is a thicker crust pizza but they also make a thin crust if you prefer (I think both are amazing).  They do tend to be heavy on the sauce, I prefer light sauce but they always accomodate.  Great for a family pizza night :)They also have great lunch specials.
4	Best pizza we have found in Phoenix area so far.  Delicious sweet sauce and nice thick Chicago crust.Wings are good, not great.Staff is always helpful!
4	The hubs & I loved Barro's back when we 1st started dating & it was pretty much the only place we would get pizza from. After a while we got kinda burnt out on it & didn't order from them for quite some time. Last weekend I was in the mood for pizza & decided to call Barro's. I ordered us 2 large pizzas, 1 w/pepperoni & 1 w/ham & double pineapple, I also got 2 sides of ranch & a 2 liter of dr. pepper. About 45 minutes later our pizzas arrived hot & fresh. I usually prefer a thin NY style crust, but sometimes I crave their thicker crust which is delish. Total for everything was super reasonable at about $28 (not including tip). We'll definitely be throwing Barro's back into the pizza rotation!
4	Chicago style THICK crust pizza!  YES PLEASE!I've been going to this location since I was a small child.  At that time it was one of only a few.  They are now all over the valley.  I can't eat Barro's but once or twice a month because I'm scared of how much weight I might gain, but I always look forward to a couple slices and some wings.They have a decent little salad bar that I sometimes stop in to for lunch.  They use all the ingredients from the pizza (peperoni, ham, mozzarella, onions, olives, etc.) to stock the salad bar.I continue to give Barro's a thumbs up!
5	i love this place. I am gluten intolerant and it is hard to find gluten free pizza. I have tried the competitors pizza and it not only did not stand up to Barros but the price was significantly higher. Barros often releases coupons which make the dining experience a great deal.
5	Pricing on lunch specials has hardly increased over the ten years I've been going here (not often).  Lots of room, TVs, not bad salad bar especially when you get the pizza slice, pop and 1 time salad bar bowl.Friendly girl cashier, I think she's been there forever. :)No complaints from me.  And I don't even like pizza that much.
5	I'm not much of a reviewer but I know customer service when I see one. The service in this location was truly an amazing experience especially when it was our first time eating Barro's Pizza. Kaitlyn (not sure if I spelled the name correctly) served us with an amazing smile despite of how busy she was. The Pizza was great and it was hot and fresh.Tim the manager did a great job by making sure we and along with everyone else was happy with everything. Tim and Kaitlyn trully helped Barro's earn a new customer. Thank You for the Great Service!
5	Awesome pizza...I got the thin crust with bacon and CRUSHED a medium pizza by myself!! Now looking back I think they are known for their deep dish Chicago sytle pizza, so probably should have tried that...but theres always a NEXT TIME!!!
4	Pizza was great,this location only sells beer by the bottle.  Mixed crowd from families, firefighters and guys catching a game on the tv's.
4	Love the Barro's special get it delivered at least once a month
5	It is so nice to have a local pizza place like Barros. I am writing because of the service and friendliness of the staff and management. I visited last night to pick up my pizza and wings, which were great!!! In chatting with Tim the manager, I asked why they would no longer to deliver to my house which is about two blocks out of their delivery area. He went and got a map, highlighted where I live and said that they would start delivery to my area and home. Talk about going above and beyond. Thanks Tim and thanks Barros for having employees that truly care about their customers!!
5	I went here for the first time last night. First of all, the staff was GREAT! The cooks behind the counter greeted me first, and the cashier arrived right after. The pizza itself was excellent, although my one complaint would be that it is not the "Chicago style" that I was thinking (3 inches thick with the sauce on top). What they had was more of a pan style. Still, it was really good. A large was plenty for two of us and leftovers for lunch the next day. It was blessedly quiet on a Tuesday night, which was nice after a stressful day.
1	GLUTEN-FREE REVIEW: (i.e., this review specifically pertains to their gluten-free pizza)Thin crust.It was burned.The dough and cheese and tomato sauce are really, really piled on.On a thin crust.Life's too short for trial-and-error with GF items that might or might be good. I tried Barro's GF, big mistake, won't do it again. My conclusion: "GF Menu Item That Feeds Into Bad Celiac Stereotypes."
5	Um, WOW. So I called in an order for pizza tonight. Then I called back to change my order. When I arrived I first found that they either misunderstood my attempt to change the order or forgot to communicate the change - no problem, they fixed it right away and it was no extra time, charge, or hassle. As I left the store I double checked one pizza because it was a special order due to dietary restrictions (no cheese). Unfortunately, the pizza had cheese, but no sauce. I doubled checked the receipt and found that the receipt said "No Sauce" rather than "No Cheese". Big sigh, because I absolutely despise having to send food back. I told the woman at the counter and she quickly got a manager who very politely apologized and quickly offerred to remake the pizza. The pizza was remade promptly and correctly.THEN the most AMAZING thing happened. When the pizza was ready the manager asked if I would like to take the mistake pizza home with me - sure! He also told me he gave me an extra order of breadsticks for the trouble. Um, WOW.Here's the thing - Special orders can be tricky. With my dietary choices it isn't uncommon for restaurants to make an error or two when preparing my dishes, but it is super, super rare for a staff to go so very out of their way to ensure that the order is completed to my liking and that I am compensated for the extra hassle. I am SO impressed by the staff and management at this restaurant!! P.S. The pizza was delicious :)
4	Pizza was like I remember it, Wings? ehhh not as good as I remember from years ago.
2	If your digestive system can't handle a lot of grease, Barro's is not for you.Pizza was so-so....service was great.
2	I wish the delivery guys would stop using my neighborhood like a race track.
5	I usually go to this place just for the cheap lunch deals. And since the pizza is always awesome I never got anything else off the menu. Finally decided to try they're wings so I went with the Spicy BBQ. To my surprise they were actually somewhat spicy! And the BBQ taste was good too. I'm definitely going to have to try more off they're menu.
4	We ordered pizza and wings last night while we were driving home from the fights at the celebrity theater. The delivery was right on time and good thing because it arrived at my home while I was pulling in the drive. The pizza is always great and it never changes. We ordered honey hot boneless wings that the thought of right now are making my mouth water. Barros is our stand by for nights where we are too busy too cook. I'm glad we have the option close.
4	The old standby comes through again. Can't beat pizza and wings on game day. Food was great as usual, staff was friendly, and venue was clean. Can't ask for much more.
4	Gluten free White pizza, antipasta salad, 12 sweet chili wings, and a couple beers. Good food, simple service, although decor could use some serious work...
3	The pizza is one of my favorites.  They have the best ranch in Arizona.  I would come here more often if the staff was nicer.
5	What's to say it's barros?? Lol best pizza fresh ingredients and always the best ranch ever made. Got a large peperoni pizza and great as usual
4	Today I had the most amazing pizza ever! I am allergic to the red sauce and so I asked for a white pizza thin crust instead. It was so delicious and fresh.Definitely recommend this location and definitely will come back. Superior customs service too!
5	Barron's has been our pizza joint for years!!  The pizza has not changed in the last 15 years & is great. The boneless wings are mouthwatering, we always order both & they show up within the allotted amount of time. Support your local pizza joint & order from them!
4	Ordered Pizza, salad bad and bread sticks and it's very reasonably priced and tons left over. The salad bar was good and clean. The bread sticks were the best I've ever had hands down. The pizza was was good but I've had better. The cashier was super friendly and everyone working seemed happy and nice. We will be returning.
1	Took a chance and stopped at this Barros my original place is on thunderbird I regret it!! Cashier was rude asf once you get that nasty attitude walking in and having them take your order in a rude matter you can't enjoy your stay there and can't help NOT coming back to this location. (No name tag on the cashier)
5	A 10!!!!!   u can't go wrong.. thin crust Barros special with no bellpeppers add pineapple & bacon   if u never been here.. they take care of any issues .. no questions!! there sandwiches are also very good with lots of meat., I recommend hot!!
