1	So my mom recently moved from a rental into a home she bought. Her landlord got this company to handle everything and they have been a nightmare. It's apparently a family owned business, which should mean they should take things seriously but the way they have handled things so far tells me they don't.First off they never return your calls. EVER. They scheduled a walk through date two weeks prior to the very date they wanted. A week later they called to tell us that the guy can't do that date because he's "going to be on vacation and won't be back until the first of the next month. And then he can do it after the first." So, no real date there.Next they tell my mom she HAS to leave the lights in her name until the walk through is done, which they have no date for.Finally I went by the old house and noticed, low and behold, the lights are on. The next day? Still on. They just left them on and never told my mom, who has been calling them for the past week with NO answer. Now her landlord is trying to get everything in his name, and apparently they aren't being much help to him either. These people really waste your time and never get back to you.
1	As a property OWNER, my experience with Priority Property Management was not positive, the least to say.1. they misadvertised my property by linking it to an automated voice mail that described somebody else's property. When I brought this to the attention of Michelle, the owner, she advised me it was not a big deal and that prospective tenant's don't even listen to the message but just leave a voice mail expressing interest in viewing the property.2. Turn-around time to get the property rent-ready (carpet cleaning, painting, etc) was 26 days. (in my experience, it's been between 2-7 days after tenant moves out).3.it takes a while for them to return your calls/emails, in fact it is their policy to get back to you within 48-72 hours. In my experience from dealing with other PM (property management), it's usually a few hours to 24 hrs. Their standard answer was that they were "short-staffed". An interesting fact though, 3 months after I left them, I emailed to get a lost invoice, and I received an automated email response stating they were short-staffed and will get back to me within 72 hours.4.they did not change the lock between tenants, which we learnt about when we were picking up the keys from them to hand it over to another PM.Overall, I am very happy I switched to another property management. No PM is perfect, but I would not recommend this PM. Do your research and do not rush. There are better property managements out there.Good luck!Sarah :)
1	I too would also stay away from homes managed by PPM.  Responsiveness was okay, getting into the rental wasn't too bad, and our home was a new property so there wasn't much wrong with it.  When it came time for deposit returned, we hired cleaners and left the place cleaner than it was when we moved in, but a single speck of dog hair trapped in a corner was used to claim it wasn't clean enough. ALSO they claimed their guy said he had to remove a smoke smell when -no one- smoked in that house, EVER. So they took most of our deposit and left us with a measly $150.You can see their posts here are a sort of damage control, but none of them apologize for any confusion or what may have happen and are entirely defensive.  Expect the same when you get screwed.
5	My profession causes me to move very often. I have been an owner and renter several times and have had experiences with many different property managers. Priority Management is the best company I've experienced.  I'm currently an owner using them for over 5 years. They have always resolved any renter violations and have fixed all maintenance issues within 48 hours. They are responsive when I contact them within 24 hours and they are courteous on the phone. In addition, when I need movers to help the renters move they assisted.  When the washer broke and needed to be replaced they helped again and got me a reasonably priced washer delivered within 48 hours. GREAT SERVICE!  When my property needed to be rented I always had a renter within a couple weeks.  Most of my renters have stayed for at least a couple years each so that is a testament to Priority taking care of their customers. I actual asked one of my renters what they think of the management and they had good remarks. As I move all over the world it is nice to not have to worry about my properties. I read the other negative reports and I can't explain their experiences with PPM. One thing to keep in mind is many people blame property management services for not taking care of their issues in time. Remember, PM companies can't resolve issues if the owners are not responsive and authorize repairs. Many negative reports can be explained by unresponsive owners....not all, but some. I'm always responsive to any repairs that my tenants needs within 24 hours, so there hasn't been any issues with any of my renters or managers. I have no reservations recommending them.
1	One star is too many. I used THEIR preferred cleaning and carpet companies. Patched every tiny nail hole from pictures, painted and complied with their every wish. I had professional landscapers on a regular basis, kept the home immaculate inside and out...still, no return on deposit. Shady.
5	I have nothing but GREAT experience with PPM. One of the BEST property management I've ever had the pleasure of dealing with.  They are always on top of things. Everytime I call they respond right away. No issues with deposit, cleaning, or repair. They were VERY thorough. I had to moved out of my unit because the owner sold my unit and the new owner are moving in. They were so kind to take the time to help me find another place. I am renting from someone else but the property manager is not as thorough or detail oriental as PPM. It's been almost a month I don't have pool key, gate remote, and my garage is not working. With PPM that would not be an issues. I miss dealing with PPM. From reading some of the negative review. Most of them deal with the cleaning company and carpet cleaning which has NOTHING to do with PPM. Those cleaner are PPM vendors. PPM does not control how those cleaner operate. NOT everyone have the same standard in what I consider "clean". If you have pet or smoke those smell stay in the wall, carpet, baseboard, vent and cabinet. People that are used to those odors can't smell it. Like a smoker can't scent they smell like cigarett butts. I had to clean the unit myself because the cleaner I use was no call no show. I scrubbed everything inside out. Because my lease agreement required professional cleaner PPM had one of their vendor did a light touch up. My advice keep the property clean and pay your rent on time you won't have issues. That goes with anything. Thank you PPM for everything. You're the BEST!!
5	Amazing management company!! PPM was my property manager and I loved working with them! They were ALWAYS extremely organized and put together-- they have a protocol for everything! The standard to which they keep their rental properties is superb! It may make the owner have to put a little extra money into keeping their rentals that way... But I'm sure it always allows them to charge just a bit more for unsurpassed quality! All work orders were dealt with almost immediately and any issues as well. It almost felt like we were their only renters with how much attention they gave us! I would recommend PPM (and have) to anyone looking for a home or a management company!
