5	To all my size 11 sisters out there......this is a site for sore eyes in the shoe world!  I stumbled across this place as I was on my way to Nordstrom Rack to rummage through the stacks of size 11 mark downs.  Low and behold right next store I noticed the Designer Shoe outlet.  Now, if you have big footsies like myself, you know that we normally don't go to these places because they never have cute shoes for us.  However, when I walked by, my inner shoe vibe told me that this was worth a peek.  Not only do they have size 11..........but they have graciously taken all of the size 11's and put them in a special area for us so that we don't have to search endlessly for them! How awesome is that? I'm not talking about the lone rack shoved in the back by the delivery entrance...oh no....I'm talking 5 or six big racks of shoes.  I walked out of there with 2 very cute pairs of shoes and only spending around $100 bucks! How great is that?  I had to restrain myself, and said farewell to some very cute pumps that were a nice to have vs. a need to have.  I'll be visiting this place again for sure!
2	The men's selection was pretty awful in my opinion - but of course, taste is subjective. The shoes are all stacked up on cardboard boxes turned shelving... I joked that "they're passing the savings on to us." There are much better discount shoe emporiums out there as far as I'm concerned. I won't be going back. The girl I was with felt about the same, but she was also feeling pissy - so it could've been that. *shrug*
3	E&J's is hit or miss... some days I will be on a mission for something specific and find it right away, and other days, I wander in and nothing looks too appealing.  I've totally scored on my last two trips though and not only did I find what I was looking for, but they since they were (and still are) having a huge 40% off of everything but Uggs sale, I got away without spending too much $$!  Cha-Ching!I borrowed a dress to wear to last Friday night's rehearsal dinner from my BF's mom - yes, she is extremely childish and lucky me... we wear the same size!  Only problem is that with most of my belongings in storage, I had no shoes to match. So, I made a quick trip to E&J's and found the perfect pair, and with the 40% off, they were only $20!Then, just the other day, I decided I really wanted a pair of Converse Sneakers - I keep seeing people in them and I figure they'd be a welcome change to the flip flops I seem to live in lately... so, since the sale was still going on, I decided to see what E&J's had in stock - sure enough, they had one pair left of size 4 (women's size 6) black Converse - perfect!  From what I hear, $25 for Converse is pretty good too!I've also gotten lucky with purses / handbags at E&J's.  If you go in with low expectations, you may just be pleasantly surprised.  This 40% off sale goes through Saturday, and I think it's at all locations, so if you need a pair of shoes, stop reading this and head to the closest E&J's!  Just do me a favor - please don't purchase all of the cute size 6 shoes... I'm sure I'll be back on the prowl soon, and I'm on a roll lately!
1	Thank you, for treating me like a criminal.Once upon a time, I purchased a beautiful pair of Cole Haan boots from here.  OK, it was two pairs but who's counting?  However, when I tried to repeat that lucky find on another visit, things went downhill fast.After wandering through and finding nothing worth even trying on, I headed out the door at the same time that a man (who I think works there) with a large box was coming in.  The security alarm went off, but since I didn't touch/linger over/try on/purchase anything I paused briefly then just kept walking.  Mistake.  The woman behind the counter ran out of the store yelling "you need to come back in here RIGHT NOW!".  Ummm... people are staring... I go back inside with her, and she gives me a kind of up-down look and says she has to see the inside of my purse.  I can't hold it open and let her see, she has to take it from me and paw through it on the counter.  Really?  You think I took something?  The outfit I am wearing (grown-up business clothes, by the way) is fitted and does not have pockets and the purse (not one of my usual suitcase-sized bags) is very small.  Where, exactly, did she think I was hiding merchandise?  Did I somehow fit a pair of stilettos in my bra?  WTF!?  Finding nothing, she proceeds to lecture me on the importance of removing the magnetic security tags from inside clothing since they set off her alarm.  Um, I don't have any of those but gee, thanks for the helpful information.  Hmmm... do you think maybe the guy coming in with the box set off your alarm and not me?  There are plenty of other places to feed my footwear habit without being completely embarrassed.
4	I'm not an Arizona resident, but I visit my grandmother in Scottsdale often--at least every four months--and go to E&J's just as often. No trip is complete without a visit to this store. Other reviews point out that selection here is hit-or-miss--that's definitely true. However, I find that that sort of thing happens with just about every store I've ever gone in, so I'm not docking any stars for that. Some days are clear winners: I have found great pairs of shoes that I love here--including Anne Klein boots, Charles by Charles David booties, and several pairs of Cole Haan slippers. The only star I'm docking is for price (you can find a lot of pairs online for much, much less), and layout--everything is stacked in tall cardboard boxes, which isn't easy to navigate. One tip: if you find a pair of shoes that you like, buy a lot while you can. The stock changes frequently, and you never know which styles are going to be restocked and which will disappear.
2	I can't say I'm much of a fan of this shoe store. The prices are pretty high and.. This may seem mean.. But they only seem to carry "old lady shoes". For all the times I've wandered in here, I have never actually felt drawn to any one pair. I always leave empty handed. Recently, they just got in their Fall boot selection, and there are actually a few pairs I would buy, and the prices are actually pretty good! Right around $100.So, basically, if you're 55+ and have money to blow on overpriced flats, this is the shoe store for you.
