5	Had to write a review because I will not let their sole review be a 1-star review!Mini.bar.ber Shop has had coming soon signs forever and it finally opened within the last month or so.  I think the concept is so cool and unique and I really hope it takes off for them.  $20 haircuts and $2 beers while getting your haircut?  So great!  The haircut I've had here was of great quality...the stylist/barber really took his time and you could tell he cared about the end result.  They have a bunch of different options but there basic haircut & neck shave is what I got...for $20.  Everyone I encountered that works here was very friendly and laid back also.The design and atmosphere of this place is really cool, very hip/modern looking...and everything is white or black. There are two sides to minibarber shop...the barber shop side and the actual bar side.  The barber shop side also has a cool little retail area with a bunch of cool gifts and funny art books for sale, as well as salon products.  The bar side is pretty big....nice long bar and also table seating. Beer and wine only but for $2 beers...I can definitely see myself stopping by for a few with friends, even when not getting a haircut!  The atmosphere is cool enough that it is somewhere you actually want to sit, chill, and drink at.  They also have small sandwiches and items in the case...catered by Vincent's.  Will have to try them sometime.Don't let the first poor review steer you away...stop by and check this place out!!
5	In from out of town and can't believe i can have my choice of beer for only $2. This place would be great back in my hometown. Who wouldn't want a beer with a haircut and then chill in the lounge with great music and people!
5	I've been to this place twice and it's awesome. Refreshing to see an upscale place in north Scottsdale with $2 beers, great atmosphere and great music.  Not to mention a great $20 haircut adjacent to the bar area. Love to stop by after work for a beer. Friendly staff.
4	I have been here twice and it is my new spot to go too for a haircut! I got the regular hair cut, and the manzillian the first time, and It was a fun experience! The staff is very friendly and consists of hair stylists and barbers! There are a few kinks in the store operation, but I have no major complaints. The retail part has "fun items," which are items you would find between urban outfitters and hot topic, kind of cool if you want that gag gift, or stocking stuffers!   My second experience was with Cassandra one of the hair stylist/barbers that opened up the place and I have to admit she cut my hair pretty dang well!The bar side has $2 beers and wine and let me tell you ladies and gentleman; you can't beat that anywhere even in grocery stores!  Though I'm an ex retail Guy I think part of the kink falls on the point of sales side between bar and barbershop, I think there was an issue transferring tickets over. I could be wrong. The serivce was excellent and the bartender was really polite and helpful.  Stop by this place if you want to have an amazing experience and an awesome haircut!
5	After trudging around the valley looking for a decent place to get a haircut after the last good barber I had moved out of state two years ago, I had all but given up hope and resigned myself to hitting up Great Clips, or letting my hair grow out to absurd levels to avoid the experience altogether.  But on a recent trip to Scottsdale Quarter for drinks at Press Coffee, I noticed that this barber shop, with a "coming soon" sign that had been there for ages, was actually open.  I was quite hesitant about it, but figured that my expectations were so low that if the haircut turned out to be bad, I could just go to the attached bar and get one or five of their $2 beers to feel better about it.The place itself is very modern-looking, with a bunch of tables of retail stuff both directly (hair product), somewhat (mustache lollipops), and not at all ("The Big Butt Book," a coffee table full of pictures of butts) related to the shop for sale.  It doesn't smell like hair, peroxide, and barbasol, something I'd gotten used to while going to less-than-optimal shops.  And the music, which was mostly commercial house/techno stuff, comes booming out the stereo at a volume that anyone but an Abercrombie & Fitch employee or a club kid would describe as "kind of loud."  Not loud enough that you can't talk with your stylist or the receptionist, but still, a bit noisy.I didn't have an appointment, but I was able to get in right away with my walk-in.  My stylist/barber was Cassandra, and she was attentive, helpful, and gave me the exact haircut that I wanted.  In fact, she did three things that I had all but given up hope on anyone doing for me during a haircut:1. COMPLETE SCISSOR CUT.  I cannot possibly express how wonderful this is.  I absolutely hate clippers, and getting the back and sides buzzed does not lead to a style growing out well for me.  My hair was all actually CUT so that it will grow out neatly, instead of in a mess.  The last time I had a scissor cut, it cost more than twice what this one did.2. Blended it to my beard.  The stylists I've had over the past couple of years have somehow mangled my hair/facial hair border in such a way that I would have to shave off my beard (which starts at my sideburns) to keep from looking odd.  In this case, my haircut and beard flow together in perfect follicular harmony.3. Eyebrow trim.  I've got bushy eyebrows, y'all.  Not so much right now, since they were trimmed properly (not like the last time at a place that will remain nameless, where they more or less gave me Vanilla Ice-style eyebrows).This is EXACTLY what I've been looking for when it comes to getting my hair cut and styled.  And aside from the volume of the music, everything was spot-on.  I was so thrilled with the experience that I forgot to get a beer.  Well, there's always next time...
1	My former stylist left town so I was forced to look for an alternative so I thought this place would work just fine.  The place looks cool and they have beer so how could it be bad?  Plus my hair isn't anything special so I didn't think I could go wrong.It was a Friday afternoon so it wasn't that busy which was nice.  The receptionist was very nice and explained the different haircut options to me.  The next available "stylist" or "barber" or whatever they call it took me almost immediately.I'm 90% sure she was a tweaker because her hands wouldn't stop shaking.  I just wanted a simple haircut but she kept trying to sell me different shaves.  Plus I didn't want this lady to come near me with a razor so I kept declining.  She tried cleaning up my eyebrows but ended up messing them up completely.  Between taking too much hair off leaving them lopsided and the bleeding from her chafing me with that razor thing I was ready to get the heck out of there.  My neck area was equally as raw.  I didn't even let her rinse my hair because the initial wash was awful.  This worked out because another customer walked in that looked like she had money so my barber was ready for me to leave so she could move on.I was looking forward to the beer thing but I wasn't offered one until mid-way through my cut so I declined.This place is very unique and has a solid concept but having Great Cips cast aways as "stylists" is not helping their cause.
5	I went into this place expecting the usual; some stylist or barber that didn't care what kind of experience I had or mess they left my hair in. To be up front, I hate getting my hair cut. I was not only surprised, but blown away. This place was great. I went in, ordered a Guiness and waited for a short amount of time before I was called. Normally the stylist wants to get me in, and get me out as fast as possible. That wasn't the case here, they took the time and care to give me what I was looking for, I didn't feel rushed or like I was imposing on them - quite the contrary I had a great conversation and a great time while getting my hair cut, which ended up being the best hair cut I have ever had.Then there was the bar. Come on, you can't argue with 2 dollar beers AND incredibly cheap warm and good quality sake. I went in with low expectations, came out with a great hair cut and to top it all off had a great time at their bar. This place brings back customer service and the social aspect of getting your hair cut in a new and modern way. I have and will suggest this to everyone who will listen. Customer service, value and quality of product outshine their competition. This is truly a gem.
4	I don't get haircuts often. That being said I enjoyed miniBar Ber Shop. Its a little more modern than my tastes, but after a few beers I couldn't care less. And yes, beers at the barber....INGENIOUS! Boris gave me a trim and shaved off my beard. We gabbed about raising kids, and going on vacation, and how generally awful we both think New York can be. After I was done I had a couple more beers. Hey its almost noon and I'm on vacation.PS the girl at the front desk is c-u-t-e.
2	I was excited about the concept of a haircut and a beer.  So, when I saw an offer from Livingsocial I purchased three coupons.  Here's the trouble... I went on a Tuesday night at 6:30pm and was told they will not honor the coupon until 7pm.  However, I was told if I wanted to pay for a cut at the standard rate, they would take me ASAP.  Nobody was in the joint and they refused to take my Livingsocial coupon until after 7pm.
5	This place has amazing fresh salads and I cant say anything about the haircuts there but the service is perfection and friendly and very cool! I reccomend this place to any guy needs a haircut and they have a full bar with food and tv and music!
2	First off, let me say that I think the concept is awesome, but the reason for the lackluster starrage is the execution needs some work.I had a livingsocial coupon for a free beer and haircut.  I was pretty pumped about the experience as I like beer and I was a shaggy mess.  I walked into the bar side of the establishment, showed the bartender my coupon, and she gave me my free beer.  Needless to say, the first impression was pretty awesome......an hour later I was still sitting at the bar and people that had come in after me were being taken in for their haircuts.  Luckily, one of the stylists noticed that I had been sitting there a while and asked me if I was getting a haircut.  When I told him yes, he pushed off other customers and took me back.  Apparently, when getting a haircut, you have to check in with the barbershop side of the place.  This seems like a huge issue with their business model.  I didn't expect to have to check in at two locations within one establishment.Upon leaving, I was a little annoyed that I had to wait so long for a simple haircut, but I could understand that it's a totally new (and mindblowingly awesome) concept, and there are some wrinkles to be worked out.When I got home, I had a chance to really check out my haircut and, unfortunately, it barely looks like I had anything cut off.  Sure, the sides are shaved, but I can do that myself at home.  The top (which I requested a finger-length scissor cut on), was barely touched.  The back of my head is pretty much the same length as it was when I walked in, and the front is barely shorter.  Ugh.  I'm going to have to go to my local Great Clips to get the haircut I really want.I hope that this place figures it out as all of the staff were friendly and I did have a good time there (as I usually do at bars), but the execution is way off and that tarnished my experience.  Will I give it another shot?  Sure, but I'm not going to go out of my way.
4	I recently received a Living Social deal to this place from my girlfriend. I'm a hard sell when it comes to a new barber shop. If I move to a new area and find a barber that I like, I'll stick with him/her until I move or they die. Add on the fact that Kenon R.'s recent review was less than flattering and I'm walking in a bit anxious. Thanks to Kenon's review I also knew to check in first with the barber section and not the bar. The friendly girl behind the counter asked what beer I'd like and then introduced me to my barber, Alex. Alex was a friendly guy, very personable, upbeat, and it turned out I was very pleased with my haircut! What a relief! I usually just go with Great Clips, so when I got a straight razor shave on my neck and around my ears after my haircut I was pretty surprised. I dug that. Believe it or not, I think I'm sold on this place and I might come back. It is $20 for a haircut and $2 for a beer. Next time I'll just skip the beer and get the haircut. The beer is a nice touch, but not necessary. Maybe it was just what I needed on this first visit to take the edge off.One last thing. Before I went I was always wondering if hair would end up in my beer. Well, they give you the beer with a shot glass on top so it covers the bottle neck, thus avoiding a hairy beer. Nice.
5	Wish a could give this joint 10 stars!! This is most def my new favorite place!!i get to drink beer while  I gets my hair did and a bar in one place!!
4	Ask for Darrell... He rocks.... Took care of my Dad and made him "looking good"... next day too my husband to Darrell too.... great fun, great cut.
5	Gents, this barber shop does it right! Not only do they offer haircuts and shaves, but they also rock a full bar and ESPN on large TVs. These guys are onto something...I had never received a shave before, and I was pretty apprehensive. I mean, I'm supposed to not only trust a stranger holding a blade to my throat, but PAY him for it too?!? Maybe this is where the booze beforehand comes in handy ;) Nevertheless, I decided to go for it. My barber, named V, was awesome. He did a great job and quickly put me at ease about the whole razor thing. I probably won't be getting weekly shaves anytime soon, but this shave was a MUCH enjoyed luxury and I look forward to coming back. My face had not felt that smooth since I was 13.I also appreciated that Evan, the owner, was walking the sidewalk and chatting with customers and passersby. Nice to see great, old-fashioned customer service. Great barbershop!
5	Came here for the Yelp deal. It far exceeded my expectations. Great business model.  The service was top notch, the shave (head, face) I got from Darryl was the best I ever had. Good drinks and friendly service in the bar. Even the music rocked. Proraso and Anthony products were outstanding. Men, do yourself a favor. This place is not to be missed.
3	If you are looking for cheap drinks in Scottsdale, this is the place. The concept of the place is strange... 1/2 barber shop and 1/2 bar. I've only been to the bar- the only reason I go is for the $2 BEERS! 1 bottle= $2 all day, every day. This place has never been very populated while I've been there, but that's ok. I've only been there in the middle of the day. The owner served us our beers and was nice. Black and white decor... not much to look at other than through the plexiglass at the customers getting their haircuts and straight-razor shaves. Overall, pretty chill and understated.
4	Coming from Vegas this is another thing I have come across in the Scottsdale area and wonder why this isn't there.  Prices were great twenty bucks for a haircut in a great atmosphere.  Of course hard to beat a two dollar a beer happy hour.  Which they will serve to you in the bar area or while you are in the chair,  The guy who did my haircut was cool and was knowledgeable.  I imagine this will be where I go for my haircuts from now on.
5	Here with my man getting his hair cut.  Waaaay overdue.  Not only did they do a great job, but they kept me entertained with 2 dollar beers and cute kitschy items. Will be back!
1	Ive been coming to this location for quite some time now. I can walk in and get my haircut in a reasonable amount of time. This time was different. I had almost an hour wait, which I managed to wait through, only to find out it didn't end there. Sonya gave me a prompt time of when a stylist would be available. Much to my surprise someone else got say with that stylist at the exact time she quoted me. I waited a little while longer and eventually left. I then called in to ask why my time that she quoted me was given to someone else, was then instructed that they had been on a delay, and a stylist would be available in 15 minutes. This all could have been avoided if she, instead of offering me a beverage, told me that they were on a delay that would push me back another 30 minutes. I told her that she had been in the wrong and that I would no longer be supporting their establishment... To which she said, "ok I'm sorry". A little respect for your clients goes a long way, as they are your livelihood.
4	What cute names for the menu?!?! I love I love!! The concept of this place is great! Will def be taking my dad and brother here, and did I mention $2 beers!!
2	The idea here is far superior to the execution. Like many other reviewers I needed a haircut and I love beer. The beer selection they have is solid and better than the beer you might have paid $2 for elsewhere. The problem with this place is the people who run it. Poor service and if you're not a hipster or wearing something ironically you may feel out of place. Work ethic of the staff was highly questionable. Perhaps with a staff upgrade I'll give it another shot but I was not wowed by the slow service and mediocre cut.
5	Awesome place. Hip vibe and music the whole time. GREAT beer selection for a good price. TVs everywhere. And Christina from Lithuania took great care of me. I will be back!
1	Came here with the boyfriend who was skeptical of this place because he doesn't see the difference between going to get his hair cut professionally and the usual me shaving his head  in the kitchen into something that resembles a misshapen-ed salad bowl. We came with a Livingsocial deal and our first impression was that it was had a very unique and cool mood going on. The bf lit up at their beer specials and I have to say that for 2 bucks a Stella and everything else, it's a good deal whether or not you come for a haircut. Tried the food and it wasn't anything too special when you could just walk a couple of shops down to TK tavern.Here's the problem: We came in, told them about the coupon we had, and then we had to wait for a stylist even though there was a stylist just chilling with nothing to do and other walk-ins without the coupon went before us. After our last horrifying groupon experience, this alerted my boyfriend that we were going to get a sh*t-tastic experience here as well because we're 'those with the coupons.' Finally he got a barber, asked for a simple number 3 haircut but to leave the top of his hair long. Instead, the barber just buzzed off all of his hair until he looked like a monk and did an even crappier job shaving off his sideburns, leaving him with patches. We were done in less than 5 minutes whereas everyone else getting their haircut were attended to like they were supposed to.My boyfriend was embarrassed and just wanted to get out, because it's the second time it's happened we've gotten second-rate treatment because of our 'coupon.' If the owner is a bald guy, then he was there and even directed us to this specific barber who didn't talk or anything, just shaved and was told us he was done. Save yourself the money and go to your local barbershop who will treat you right without the expensive costs and actually listen to your needs without judging you.
5	Awesome spot. It has become my regular beer after work place and I love that I can get a great hair cut on the way home. Keep an eye out for their special events when it really turns into a fun place with a DJ and everything. My son comes with me and they take great care of him and always make him feel like a big man....even put his picture on the wall. Friendly staff, great prices and a hip atmosphere that doesn't charge an arm an a leg for the decor or the zip code.
3	Cool space.  One half men's hair salon, one half somewhat confused beer and wine bar.  The bar side is going for modern, sleek and sexy, but comes up a little short.Stopped by here for a beer while waiting for a table at True Foods.  They have a list of about a dozen beers (bottle or can, nothing on tap), for $2/each.  It's a great place to kill an hour while you're waiting for a table (or your wife to get our of H&M, ahem).  5* as a place to grab a cheap beer while your wife is shopping.The husband has been on the Barbershop side for a haircut a couple of times.  They were average cuts, trending towards not so good.  Getting a beer as a part of the deal was just about the best thing about the haircut.  2* for haircut.
5	Sleek, modern and fresh.  This is a great location with fab interior decor.  I hosted an event here very last minute over the weekend, they were friendly and accommodating.
4	Great new place with an edge. I love sitting at a soda fountain type bar getting $2 beers while waiting for a haircut. The store part, as some have noted, is a little strange, kind of like somebody opened a Barn's and Nobel inside a barber shop (thus, the removal of one star).I got a buzz cut, beard trip, and razor shave by V. He was really great and I'm very picky. He showed great attention to detail, very service-oriented, and a really personable guy. I give V 5/5 stars!!Price was very reasonable considering the location of this place.And unlike other barber shops who think the "guys wanna watch ESPN 24/7," there were no TVs. Instead some cool oldies playing on the great sound system. It was fun and very refreshing. I wish them the best of luck and lookin' forward to returning when I visit Phx again.
5	Evan was the perfect host! Great service, great cut....and the Snake Bite beer made it a five star experience. Highly recommended!
4	My man has been coming here for about a year now, great service and price. Plus, where else can you get a beer while you get a hair cut?! Great for guys, I don't think they cut women's hair but still not bad waiting when they give you a drink
5	This place is great. While your waiting to get your haircut you can get a beer and relax in their restaurant. Not your typical place, where you would normally just have an out of date magazine to look at. The food they serve is amazing as well, and its always being updated. You can't beat the $2 beers.When I first started coming I kept coming back for the same barber, but after a while I wasn't able to fit my schedule with when he was working. I have had several of the barbers cut my hair and never once have I walked out of there with a bad cut. These guys know what they are doing.
1	Love to be able to comment on the service but never got any.  The concept here is that there is a barbershop attached to a bar.  Due to some apparent health concerns, the two are separated by a 30' partition.  ONE GUY services both rooms so they both get equally bad service.I was told I would have to wait 20 minutes for a haircut.  An hour later, the one barber they had had about 4 people in front of me.  Another barber arrived and I have never seen two barbers with less enthusiasm.  After another 15 minutes, I told the manager/bartender that I was leaving.  He did not even look up.  I followed up with an e-mail telling him how disappointing the service was and and he never got back to me.Here's a tip....charge $3.00 for the beers and hire someone to service both rooms.
2	$2 beer aside (which is awesome) the actual barbershop leaves a much to be desired. I've come here a number of times, since it's across the street from my wife's favorite coffee shop. (Press Coffee. Great spot.)I've had some great service here and some bad service. When you walk in here your just rolling the dice. I guess I could go back to the same barber every time but it doesn't really seem like anyone actually stays very long. The only guy I recognize when I go in is the owner. Seems like a different bunch every time. Today was pretty terrible. I waited quite awhile to get in (due to the staff/owner drama - not a long lineup. Had a gut feeling I should walk out. Should have.) I was rushed through and left feeling like the job was half done, little bits of hair falling in my eyes and mouth all the way home then did a little clean-up on the missed parts with my own razor. I'll try somewhere else next time. Hopefully I'll find a place that is consistent.
5	My boyfriend loves this place! It was his first time today. I told him to go cuz I go every week to the place across the street (drybar) so he said he would give it a try. Well he is hooked now this is now his regular barber shop. It doesn't hurt that they serve beer while he is getting his hair cut ;)
3	I have been going to this barber for a year now and have had a decent experience.  I didn't like having a different barber each time (there seems to be a lot of turnover) but they usually did a good job.  However I will no longer be using this business.  The last time I had my haircut the owner told me that my haircut was $25 instead of $20 as it had always been. He said it was because the barber used scissors for part of the cut.  First of all they have always cut my hair the same way, by using scissors to trim my bangs which takes about 30 seconds.  Second, I never requested that they use scissors, and it had been done the same way every month for the last year.  Just seemed shadey and turned me off to the salon.
1	the concept and environment are noteworthy, but not enough to get more than 1 star after my experience. i had a 3pm appt and waited over a half hour. somehow they put another guy in front of me without any appointment and didn't even have the decency to apologize when they realized the mistake. to top it off, the owner didn't seem to care whatsoever.
1	It was my fourth trip to the Mini Barbershop.I was greeted by the usual guy who thinks its okay to speak on his cell phone and greet a customer at the same time.  Let me say that the reason I have been going there is because Chris has done a fantastic job and I have the easiest hair (lack of) to cut.  I go there because he somehow makes it worth while.  Today he was not there and I asked for the 20.00 haircut, never offered a drink or beer... Was greeted by a girl who was about as enthusiastic about her job as a suicide bomber.  I ended up with a 7 minute haircut.  Its not even good.  After a very nice gentleman at the checkout counter realized how unhappy I was he offered to pay for my next haircut and also offered to shave my neck which is why I like going there but I felt very uncomfortable with being passed from person to person so I paid and left.  Oh and since I have been in customer service my whole entire life... don't ask a customer out loud how much they want to tip their barber... seriously its like a kiosk checkout system at a crappy mall.
1	I booked an appointment to take my 10 year old son in for a haircut. When we arrived, there were two barbers working, both of which lacked enthusiasim for their jobs. They couldn't find our appointment even though it was made hours earlier. They said they would take us anyway. After a 30 minute wait, a male barber gave my son the worst haircut I have ever seen. The barber acted as though he had no clue how to give a kid a haircut.  The barber mumbled and acted as though he hated life and wanted to blow his head off. I won't be back.
1	LSS: Asked for the top-of-the-line shave, ended up being cut 6 or 7 times, razor burn, missed portions of my face, and did not receive all the services ordered.Was taken here by one of my groomsmen the morning of my wedding.  This was my first time at minibar.ber.shop and my experience was bad to say the least.We arrived around 11am, put our names in and ordered a round of beers as we waited.  From what I understand, this is a new location for them.  The inside is very modern, with the bar area painted black and the barber area painted white.I opted for the "top shelf" while my groomsmen went with "manzillians."  We only waited a few minutes before they called my name.  I was greeted by the barber and shown to his station.  I noticed early on that he seemed a little flustered because he started preparing me for a haircut, even though I was only there for a shave and the paper he was given concurred.  At this point, I probably should have gotten up.He began the shaving process with the cleanser, then applied a hot towel.  He followed that with, what I can only assume was more cleanser, then applied another hot towel.  After the second hot towel, he applied the hot shaving cream and began shaving.  He started shaving with the grain on my right side at the end of my sideburn down my cheek.  After this first pass is when everything began to go wrong.When he started near my nose and went towards my ear, on my right side, he was pressing so hard that he cut me 5 or 6 times along my lower cheek.  Mind you, these weren't your average nicks, these are vertical line roughly 2 inches long and about 1/4 inches apart.  He stopped to apply something to each spot, which I can only assume was intended to stop the bleeding.  He then continued on and finished my right cheek and jaw, then continued to my right neck.He, thankfully, did not cut me on my neck, but did manage to give me some bad razor burn, to the point where 2 days later, it still hurt to put water on.  My left cheek went smoothly, but the left side of my neck was the same story as the right side, razor burn.  Then when he shaved my chin, he cut me again, roughly 1/2 an inch long on the top portion of the left side of my chin.Overall, I ended up with 6 or 7 visible cuts on my face and some bad razor burn on my neck.  Thankfully, this was not my first straight shave because if it was, I would never get another, but I have had a dozen or so previously and have never been cut before.Not only was the shave bad, but the barber certainly did not help his case.  Afterwards, he claimed that my skin was the problem and that some people cut more easily.  This complete lack of responsibility was disgusting and drove me to write this review.Once I left his chair, I went back to the bar, where my groomsmen were sitting and told them we were leaving.  The lady at the front was very nice and apologized severely, but had no authority to rectify the situation.  She attempted to contact the owners in order to see what sort of compensation could be provided, but they did not answer the phone.  Ultimately, she was very saddened by the result and comped our beers and ONLY charged me for the manzillian.  I understand that she probably did not have the authority to give anymore discount and she probably stepped out of line compensating me that much, but the barber did not even perform all the services of the manzillian.  Being in somewhat of a time crunch, since we needed to go somewhere else for the groomsmen to get shaves, I ultimately paid for the manzillian and made sure she knew I was disappointed and would never return.The only good thing about this experience was the $2 beers, but I went to get a good shave, not to get cheap beer.
4	after not having a consistently dependable haircut in ages from the quickie chain of barbers, i saw an online coupon for minibarbershop. normally, the cut i chose was 30 bucks, so at 16 dollars, i wanted to try it. this location is new. my stylist said it use to be at the scottsdale quarter, but has since relocated to this new location. upon entry, you notice it's just a fancy looking full service bar. very clean and modern, white and black. there is plenty of seating, a couple of "private areas" off to the side, 2 pool tables, and giant flatscreens displaying sporting events. at 3:30pm, it was empty except for one other fella getting his hair cut. the walls are lined with photos of bar and haircutting patrons, looking as though it's a big party.i booked a 3:30 appt. when my time came, the stylist offered me a beer (included in the coupon deal). normally they are 2 bucks with any hair service. the menu of services include straight up haircuts, but also buzzcuts, scissor only cuts, hot shaves, beard/mustache trims, and coloring for both men and women, all at reasonable prices. i'm used to chatting up my patients at the hospital with simple banalities, and normally so have been my barbers. my stylist today was good....it's the first good haircut i've had in ages, but it was obvious she would rather be somewhere else. my cut included a scissor and clipper cut, along with a hot towel neck shave with a straight razor. it felt really good! and i feel all crisp and clean. the lotions and gels she used on my hair left me smelling like i was ready to hit up any popped collar scottsdale club.i would definitely go back. maybe she'll warm up to a consistent client. we'll see.
1	Never ever go here it started off my directions and the lovey person who answered the phone extremely rude. I was taking my husband for a nice shave and haircut but it never happened! When we arrived the person was to busy texting to say hello! Then after standing there for a min  or two she asked if we had a appointment minding you the place is completely empty. After telling her our info she got on the phone to do personal business. We never felt welcomed we left
2	I used their services and enjoyed them.  HOWEVER - trying to contact the branch is nigh on impossible.  Neither number connects.  480-306-4444, 480-948-3900.
1	I bought my boyfriend a Living Social coupon for a shave and he came home looking like his face got into a fight with a feral cat. It was truly alarming. I have never seen worse razor burn in my life. His face was covered in scabs for two weeks.I don't know if that particular barber was dipping into the stores but perhaps booze and sharp objects is just a bad idea.
