3	If you ever have to be around the Mercy Hospital area, your grub options are limited. I think there are a few dive bars, but if you're trying to maintain a professional image at work, you probably don't want to frequent those places mid-day for lunch. Even if "the food is good here", people will still make certain assumptions. Instead, go to Hanlon's Cafe, which is right across the street from the main entrance of the hospital. I don't know who else would venture here for food besides the visitors and employees of Mercy Hospital because of its location. As much as I enjoyed my breakfast sandwich and listened to my co-workers compliment the sweet potato fries, I still don't think anyone would make a special trip to eat here. But if you do find yourself in this neck of the woods, the food is surprisingly good. The actual restaurant is a little strange - it sits in the middle of the 1st floor of a doctor's office / office building, and the entrance is through the staircase (i know how it sounds, but it's true and really is odd). You know you're there because their ventilation is awful. It stinks of fried oil, like you walked into the kitchen of a bad Chinese take out joint. This is probably because of the location - designed originally for a doctor's office, not a local diner. Anyway, cheap eats, decent food, quick bite - this place definitely serves its purpose well.
3	The food is good, and depending on the time of day, it comes relatively fast, too. The diner fills up at lunch time, so your food will take a little longer, but mid-morning and mid-afternoon the service is speedy.My favorites are the chicken quesadilla, the santa fe chicken salad, and the potato skins. Their soups change daily (but French Onion Soup is there EVERY day), and their potato soup is TO DIE FOR. There are a ton of salad, burger, and sandwich options, too.A lot of people don't know their, either, but you can get pretty much any flavor milk shake you can imagine. The best one BY FAR is caramel cookies and cream. You won't be disappointed.The prices aren't too bad. It's pretty much what you'd expect at a diner.
4	I love this place. I like a place where you can get breakfast all day. Service and food are good and quick. Popular with the locals for breakfast and lunch. I always stop in when I'm in town.
4	This restaurant location has changed hands a couple of times since I started going there. As a bit of a background, I'm in Pittsburgh once a year for Anthrocon in June/July. This diner is very convenient since it is just a short walk from the Westin and the Convention Center.  The first time I saw this place, it was Steel City Diner, which I thought was okay. Then Big Mama's took over this location but lasted only one year because they couldn't get their service up to speed to handle the crowd. Then in 2011, I saw that Hanlon's was in this same location. Essentially, nothing in this place has changed since Steel City Diner. They kept all the furniture and apparently, all the cooking equipment too. One thing I like is service has gotten faster, even if they still do slip up here and there. They brought out a simpler menu and by doing so, they were able to handle the hoard of hungry folks from Anthrocon without slowing down too much. Overall, I liked this place and would definitely revisit.
4	Good food and courteous service. Great lunch spot.
5	We stopped in for lunch on Saturday around 1:50, we didn't realize that they close at 2. They happily sat us, took our orders, and quickly delivered some GREAT diner food. I had the a burger topped with bacon, onion rings, cheese and bbq sauce, it was fantastic. The burger is an 8 oz. patty that is thin and about the size of a dessert plate. Though they cook all of their burgers to well done it still came out delicious and juicy. It was accompanied by a big, cold, crunchy pickle spear and perfect fries (think long john silvers but not greasy). My friend had the BLT which was also large and packed with bacon. She had the sweet potato fries which were equally crispy and delicious. Our bill for 2 sandwiches with fries, a pickle, and pop was $16! You just can't beat it.
2	I had the special at the servers suggestion.  It was a chicken with stuffing, mashed potatoes, and fresh vegetables.  The veggies were not fresh, the patatoes were undercooked and the chicken dry.
3	I had the Hanlon Handful; I made mine scrambled eggs, bacon, hash brown, and french toast.  All was good especially the hash brown even though it was a pre-made one.  It had the perfect crunch.  The eggs were not seasoned with salt or pepper, but I add ketchup and hot sauce to my eggs and hash browns so it was ok.  The french toast was good, but it did taste a *little* stale???  I also had coffee and it was weak.  Breakfast came up to $7.04 including tax.  Sweet!The one downside for me was that I was waiting a while to be acknowledged when I came in.  I did not know that it was a seat yourself.  After I was seated, I did have to wait a few more minutes for a menu, but after that, it was ok.Oh, and they had a decent radio station playing.Overall, good diner grub!
2	When they brought my coffee to my table in a styrofoam I thought it was a little strange but when my food came on a paper plate I was a little mad. Other than that the food was ok. Service wasn't too fast but was friendly and prices cheap.
4	A friend told me about this place when I was in town and I had to check it out. I ordered the steak hoagie and it was as good as any I've ever had. I was back in town a few weeks later and decided to try breakfast. I ordered the mix grill. This had everything but the kitchen sink. Sausage, bacon, ham, mushrooms, 3 eggs, cheese, and home fries all mixed onto one dish. Very good breakfast and reasonably priced.
2	I don't think I've ever been to an actual "greasy spoon" before. I may have thought I had ... but I was wrong. I can now say for certain, I have been christened into the world of the greasy spoon.T and I ate a late breakfast (brunch is too refined a word) at Hanlon's on Saturday. They had already moved on from their full breakfast menu and were offering a very condensed version which was disappointing. You'd think a place like this would offer their complete breakfast menu all day. I got the 'cakes and bacon and T got the classic two egg breakfast with bacon, homefries and toast. My pancakes weren't cooked all the way through and there were a couple sad strips of bacon on the side that tasted like they were leftover from the earlier breakfast rush. Which, let's face it, they probably were. This was sad because the (somewhat grimy looking) cook (in preparation for the lunch rush I'm assuming) was frying fresh bacon on the flat top the entire time we were there. Pounds of it. I don't know why we didn't warrant a couple of those fresh slices.T said his was all right ... I don't think he was very impressed. Our waitress was nice but a little spacey on refills. At least it was cheap. An okay start to our first day in Pittsburgh. p.s. We think we saw a hooker order takeout. Score.
4	Great diner food! I recommend the hanlons handful for breakfast! Great price and right amount of food.
3	Had The Smithfield Cafe not closed, I would have never found this little hole in the wall.What do I like about Hanlon's?- the no-nonsense lunch (the "business woman's lunch" as Romey would say) - you're in and out in about 45- the "mystery" items on the menu which always serve as interesting conversation (I can't quite recall, because I'm not writing this in front of a Hanlon's menu, but I believe the "Pittsburgh Chicken Sandwich" is made with pork??)- the big saladWhat could be better?Meh, can't quite put my finger on it, but a little bit of everything?Maybe it's just not The Smithfield Cafe, which I miss so much.
3	Quick and good Food !
3	Definitely a greasy spoon. Service is friendly, but somewhat confused. Not sure if they have this, don't have that, don't know what to charge for this.The sandwich I had was good, the bread was fresh, but it wasn't anything to write home about. Just ok.  I think this place might do better with breakfast fare -- caught a glimpse of a breakfast plate going out (at lunch time) that looked good.With as many choices as we have in this area, I just don't think there's a compelling reason to go back.They were busy enough at lunch time....
4	Wait! What? What's THIS? A REAL 'diner' downtown???Three months new to working downtown again, and I've been searching high and low within walking distance for food. On a daily basis, I walked past this little place and barely looked at it. The front door is recessed, no windows, and certainly looked like nothing fancy...in fact, it didn't look like anything at all.Then one Friday, I started thinking about that Friday Fish Sandwich, and asked around the office for where I might be able to find a GOOD one nearby. A couple of folks said that I might try Hanlon's, and I said 'Where's that?" When they told me, I said 'There's a restaurant there?'So I headed off in the direction of the place I'd passed every day getting to and from the bus, and voila...there it was...in all it's diner glory. Well, kind of like a diner cave. The sandwich board out front advertised the jumbo fish sandwich with fries for $6.99. What the hey, and in I went.Wow! An inner sanctum of greasy spoon diner, just exactly what a greasy spoon diner should be! Naugahyde booths in two rows, an uber long lunch counter, a lot of people, a handful of real-people waitresses, and a handful of cute regular guys working the line. I ordered my fish sandwich to go, paid, and off to the office. Pretty damned good fish sandwich (although again on a hamburger bun - seriously Pittsburgh) and a LOT of fish. Good quality fish, decent breading, fried just right. Decent fries. Worth a return trip. Could this be the normalcy I've been seeking?Even tried the Reuben once, and not bad. I'm a Reuben fanatic, and can easily have four to six Reuben meals in a four day trip to NY, just because I KNOW, regardless of where I get it, it's going to be GOOD - and I've yet to find one in da burgh to rival ANY NY Reuben - but for a Pittsburgh attempt at a Reuben, Hanlon's didn't completely disappoint. Then came the no-carb diet, and a lack of food in my house, which forced me into meat and cheese omelet land. Not only were they accommodating with the no potato, no toast request, but after dumping styrofoam into the trash every day in the office, I decided to take in my own container to be green. They were even glad to help there. And...good omelet, filled with meaty bits of bacon, ham, and sausage, gooey cheese, and I do believe real eggs, not poured-from-a-carton eggs.Went to a meeting there about some banking stuff, and me and a friend and a financial adviser all had a very satisfying diner meal.  The only issue I had that day, never having actually eaten 'there', was that my clothes, including my coat, pretty much smelled like a french fry for the rest of the week.  Well, that and the financial advise issue...But all in all, this to me is exactly what a diner SHOULD be, reminding me of Jimmy's East Side Diner in Miami. A friendly neighborhood greasy spoon, with a good heap of food, decent prices, an effective and totally unpretentious staff that is friendly and kind, AND they have both Coke AND Pepsi products! Pepsi from the sludge machine, and Coke kept fresh in the sweet cans in the cooler!A co-worker loves their buffalo chicken strips and fries. And I do have to say, once off the diet, I'll be heading back for some fish - I was hooked.The prices are very reasonable as well. But friends, it's NOT the Grand Concourse (thank goodness) - it's a diner.  And if anyone out there is confused by what a real diner is supposed to be like - listen up..."Hanlon's". Ritter's has cut so many corners, that it's virtually child proof, and Tom's 'diner'? Listen to the song by Suzanne Vega - it's tastier and more satisfying.I just wish a place like this would actually do the real-city diner thing (other than Ritters) and be open 24 hours. I am a fan of Hanlon's...hands down. The little diner that could - and DID!
3	I dig Hanlon's. I love that pretty much all of their dishes come with a side and the price is right. Everything on their menu sounds delish and it takes a little while for me to decide. For any hoagie, you can make it a wrap at no extra charge. I usually order the buffalo chicken wrap & its fabb !! I've also had the eye opener breakfast which is the works (eggs, meat, potatoes & toast) for $4.99. I've never had a salad from here, but they are huuuuge! & only around $9 which is the standard salad price downtown, but I've witnessed Hanlon's using 3/4 a head of lettuce in one salad, awesome!!
3	Slightly better than you would expect walking in...slightly. I'd go back though the club and chili are decent
2	I liked the diner-y atmosphere and the unpretentiousness a lot.  I didn't like the coffee being served in styrofoam cups.  The food has to be good if you're going this route, and the breakfasts we had this weekend were not good.  They were just barely OK.  Hence the two stars.  Wish it could have been more.
3	Hanlon's is yet another place that's oh-so-close to my office yet somehow I've never gotten around to trying. I finally had the chance to stop in recently.  Hanlon's has a typical diner atmosphere and they have typical diner fare, but they're pretty solid. I had me a BLT and coleslaw and they were pretty good.Hanlon's also does catering so I might consider them for my next office function.
3	I stopped here before boarding a Megabus to DC.  Full disclosure - I attempted to go to City Cafe, but they had zero seats open.  Literally, zero.  Anyways, I walked back up Liberty hoping to run into a place where I could get some breakfast and kill time.... and I find Hanlon's.  I walk in to a nearly empty restaurant that smells like fryer grease.  I nearly turned around and left, but it was SO COLD that day I figured I'd give it a try.  I ordered the corned beef hash and a coffee.  To my surprise, the hash turned out to be delicious!  None of that out-of-the-can corned beef crap here!  If you're looking for a quick, cheap breakfast on the upper end of Liberty Ave, I would recommend this place.  Just be warned that you might be smelling like fryer grease for the remainder of the day.
3	Hanlon's is a little diner right in the middle of  Liberty ave and very easy to miss. I generally stop in here when I am looking for a cheaper place but pretty decent food. My issue in previous stops was the ventilation was bad and AC didn't keep up with the heat of the grills you can see from your booth. Also, lets face it, most of us would prefer to go back to work not smelling like a French fry. Ok, lets stay positive! The service is always good and again the price is right. I have had several items on the menu and I went with a Sicilian melt this time around. As usual, the food is served hot and ready to roll. The portions aren't enormous but they do the job. You can get out of here cost wise in under $10 if you skip the soft drink. I have had a turkey club, salads, burger, chicken fingers basket....just don't expect anything incredible in here. I do think its a decent stop and very easy to fit in a lunch hour at work.
5	The coffee was delicious, served in a mug, NOT a paper cup, like one of the other reviewers complained. No city is a real city unless it has an independently owned low budget greasy spoon diner like this place. You can have your Perkins, your Denny's, your Pannekukin, Starbucks, McDonald's, or whatever chain you call it, but, for me, a breakfast at one of these diners is the real deal!
3	Slightly better than you would expect walking in...slightly. I'd go back though the club and chili are decent
4	Good coffee, clean and friendly. Fast service and pretty good food for a traditional "greasy spoon" breakfast place. I had the Protein Power, scrambled egg whites with bacon and sausage. $6.99.  Served in under 5 minutes. Much better than the place next door.
4	Great little greasy spoon. Fast service and great food. Exactly what you need to get your day going.
3	Ok I guess...Ate there this morning about 8:45. Sat down, was acknowledged with a nod and be with you in a minute...but was closer to 7 or 8. Ordered "the handful" which has 2 eggs, 2 pancakes, potatoes, and 2 bacon. Wanted to trade bacon for veggies but was told it would be $1 more even though on side items, the bacon cost more than the veggies...go figure.  Make the customer happy and he'll come back tomorrow, don't and he won't.It was decent, can't complain too much, but can't give thumbs up either.
2	The newspaper review posted at the entrance says that sometimes a diner is just a diner, and that seems to be what Hanlon's aspires to, but not a very good one.  Went for Sunday breakfast on a recent trip with the family, and found that most of the food lacked flavor.  The sausage breakfast burrito lacked any punch, the home fries were soggy and bland.  Even my 8 year old said the raisin French toast lacked flavor.On the plus side, the prices were extremely reasonable.  Breakfast for 4 under $20.
3	The food was great and cheap, howEVER, you would think the wait staff would bring their AGame on a football Sunday in downtown Pittsburgh.  Our waitress seemed really frazzled and couldn't handle the crowd.  if we didn't wait so long I would have rated higher.
