4	Had to mail a large package to North Pole, Alaska, and, of course, didn't want to wait in line at the post office.  I called this UPS Store, and talked with a young lady, who cheerfully told me their hours, and informed me that it would be less expensive to ship parcel post through the post office itself.The next day, I stopped with the package (it was huge) and a young man helped me.  He was just as cheerful, and again informed me that it would be cheaper to mail through the post office. I just wanted to get it in the mail, and told him to go ahead and ship it.  He also informed me that there would be no guarantee of delivery time (I knew that parcel post was shipped to Alaska by slow boats, and sometimes took up to 30-45 days to get there).  That's all you can hope for - cheerful service, and people that inform you of options and possible problems.
1	If I could give 0 stars I would.  First time I went here to mail a package it took longer than the longest line at the post office & I was their only customer.  I don't know if it's a training issue???  So I tried their services a second time just out of convenience of where the store is located.  Again, the service was slow & no one seemed to know what they were doing.  If you're looking for entertainment & want to watch people walk around looking like they have been transported to an unknown place than by all means walk into this store.  But if you are looking for efficient & good customer service, keep it moving.  To top it all off, the last package I entrusted to this establishment did not make it to its destination.  They of course blame UPS which they say if no affiliation...but it's a UPS Store.  They accepted zero responsibility and offered to resend at 20% discount.  No thanks.
5	Absolutely love this store, so friendly! So much better than the post office or fedex! They package things so well, I don't trust anyone to package my fragile stuff except for this store. They put so much love and care into packaging everything that goes out! I love this store and the service!
