1	I was here during Christmas week 2008 and the food was okay. They gave my friends and I VERY LITTLE amount of noodles. I ordered some kind of spicy seafood noodle soup, it was around 10 bucks, I finished it within 10-15 minutes. The soup was good, but they were really greedy on the noodles. I was NOT full at all, I had to eat some food off of my boyfriend's plate. I will not be coming back at all.
4	One of the best lf Vegas. HUGE MENU! Everything is great. I have ate here many many times. The Waitress Gaye is the best ever I thnk she no longer works there. Unfortunately last time I went they quit serving alcohol which is a big dissappointment. They also have thai karaoke which is hilarious.. They still open till 4 am which is awesome as well. VERY VERY GOOD! its not lotus of siam but lotus is only good if u know what to order. Here it is easy to choose. The Chef is super cool and always remembers you.
4	The boat noodle soup entree and smoked pork appetizers are great. This place is great and worth a cab ride from the strip. Bring cash because the credit card minimum is $25.
4	Good joint! Great food! Crazy Karaoke! Service is ok. Won't say much with my experience there since I had watch and deal with drama. Lucky my Girl bought me a bottle of VSOP HENNESSY!!! but still got a buzz kill!!! Boooo!
4	So I was out late last night...ok real late lol and this one Chinese restaurant I used to like that was open late looks to be shut down ;/ So I decided to drive towards china town as restaurants there are mostly open late. On the way there I passed little Bangkok and noticed a few cars in the parking lot. I went inside and was the only "Falang" there ;p  (Thai term for Westerner which is also there term for guava fruit because it was brought by Portuguese traders over 400 years ago) - yeah I looked it up ;pThere were many Thai people in there and even had karaoke going on which was cool. I was really hungry and asked for recommendations from the waiter. He directed me to the special northern sausage plate and then I wanted a soup as well so I ordered he shrimp coconut curry milk soup maybe a "Tom Kha Shrimp". I of course had to order the fish cakes, because what's an Asian meal without a good fishcake!The fish cakes (4) came out and they were pretty good as far as fish cakes go, nice green onion and the usual squishy bite.. Love this stuff.The "Special Northern Sausage" came out with 4 sausages with some cabbage, ginger, peanuts on the plate. It was a "rustic" sausage with chunks of meat and such, a little sweet and a little spice. All in all a good flavor and enjoyable.The "Tom Kha Shrimp" was the best soup I had had in a while. It was a little spicy from the curry, sour probably from the fish sauce and lime. Yet it was creamy and sweet from the coconut milk, an all-around great combination and it was "off the hook" nommy!I told the waitress that I enjoyed the food very much and the lady chef came out and asked how things were. I explained the fish cake was good but still a fish cake, the sausage was great and the soup was the best I have had in a good amount of time. She was very pleased.They gave me a menu with a 15% off coupon for next time I come, and I will. I suggest you give it a try if you like Thai food or want to try something new.Best Regards,James aka Culinary Schmooze
1	We order from alot of restaurants in Chinatown.  Tonight was my last time.  I have orders w/ beef instead of the chicken I ordered.  No cashews in the cashew chicken.  This evening no sauces for the egg rolls or expensive tempura....they don't check the orders before sending them out.  I'm done.
2	The place was one of the open late restaurants not on the strip, so we decided to go. It was maybe 11:00pm, nothing too late. We had been craving thai food for a long time. We ordered everything seemed really nice, a little spicy, but I kept smelling the faint smell of urine coming from my dish. Enough to make me stop eating it. I am no expert on Thai food, so maybe that's normal. But I kept thinking I wonder if there really is urine in it... so yeah, I'm probably not going back.
5	For the normal white guy who goes into a thai place, odds are that i'm trying the Pad Thai first because thats how i start to like a new Thai joint. Sign says new owners and as per my recent dining experiences i had the place to myself about 9pm as i placed the takeout order of Chicken Pad Thai for about 9 bucks.  Personally i can't stand fish sauce and this version did not go that route,  but used a really mild sweet sauce which worked out perfect. The white meat chicken was plentiful and a large corner of the box had those crushed peanuts and green and white onions and bean sprouts were plentiful throughout. It was an excellent start and looking forward to trying the curry dishes. Plus its open til 4am if you need.
2	This always happens to me. I go back a second time to a place after a great first meal and disaster strikes. The Chicken Pad Thai looked good again and that's where the comparisons ended. This version tasted funny right off the bat and had a soup-like thing going on under all the noodles. There was also a distinct fish odor this time which wasn't present last time. The pieces of chicken were smaller again and they weren't really showing their presence in the dish. I had about eight forkfuls of this before I tossed the $9 away and took the loss. Maybe there is a reason that nobody is ever in the place when I get take-out. Time to move on again.
5	I went here for lunch this week. I read the reviews and was skeptical but I heard they had new owners. I had a great lunch. The place was very clean and the owner came over to the table and introduced herself which I thought was impressive. The lunch portion size was very generous for $6.99 and I like the fact they are open until 4am. Good luck to you and I will be bringing my family back for dinner.
5	This is now one of my favorite places to eat. The owner who is a really sweet lady came over, introduced herself and we talked a lot about all sorts of different things. The place was super clean and beautifully decorated. The bathrooms are really nice and even have hand lotion. The food was delicious and they have lunch specials which make it very affordable. I started talking to the owner about Yelp and she was telling me how the old reviews are from an old owner. She was so sweet  and said "look the place is spotless now". They also have karaoke but I haven't been there on karaoke nights. I highly recommend this place to anyone who loves thai and asian good.
5	Found this place about a year ago and we try to visit Little Bangkok anytime we're in Vegas. The food is excellent and AUTHENTIC! Great service and family friendly. I lived in Thailand for 14 yeas and this is the first and only Thai restaurant I've been to in the US that I can call authentic!
5	best thai restuarant in vegas !!!! the food just doesnt compare to others. they are simply the best of the best. they are a must stop before you go anywhere else !!!!!!! wow, their food is so delicious its krazy to believe how authentic their food is. i literally felt like i was in thai land !!!!!!!! lol you wont regret stopping in for a taste, trust me. perfect environment, relaxing, family oriented, best customer service in town. wow what an amazing place !!!!!!
5	This is my first  review.This place is really good.
1	We were completely disappointed with our food. Flavorless, overpriced and measly portions of gristly proteins. We definitely won't be going back. Worst Thai food I've had in Vegas to date.
