5	Tasty authentic Turkish food. Love it!They have a wide variety of kebabs and great service.
5	This restaurant was an amazing find! The food is a little pricey but well worth it! The dana sis was amazing, the meat was incredibly tender and my companion was pleased to find a restaurant serving iskender kebab!
5	This place was awesome!  The service was very friendly, the meat was tender, and everything was delicious.  I hope this restaurant can survive!
4	This place has perfectly cooked kebabs.  I ordered the Urfa Kebap.  It was delicious. The side dishes were excellent.   We tried a couple of the appetizers (Turkish Kitchen Special and the Hummus) and they were both  great compliments to our meal.The bread that comes with your meal is expertly crafted.  It was freshly made and it was crunchy, soft in the middle, and slightly charred at the same time.  It gives Snapple a run for the claim of being the "Best stuff on Earth."The portions were generous.  You're not going to leave this place unsatisfied.  The people that run it are friendly.  When you taste their food, you'll know that they really know what their doing back there in the kitchen.I will be back to this place soon.  Give it a try!
5	Wow.  Ate lunch here today with my sister.  We shared the turkish special appetizer, the iskender kebap,  and my sister had the lentil soup.   All were fresh and beautifully seasoned.  The  bread here alone  is worth a visit.  Large portions, and great for sharing so you can try different things.  Great service and friendly.   Waitress brought us baklava and Turkish tea to try.  Best baklava I have had.   Will be back to this place soon
5	Menu is very simple( not many options), but food is GREAT! We all love it. Definitely recommend it.
5	Came here on a long lunch break.  Three out of the three Turks with us agreed that Turkish Kitchen is the most authentic Turkish restaurant in the greater Phoenix area.  One had said Arizona, but admitted that he hadn't really visited every Turkish restaurant in this great state.  After eating some types of Asian food, Turkey is mostly in Asia if you didn't know, I am usually hungry after a few hours.  This is especially true with Chinese food, some Japanese food, but not Thai food.  Thais doesn't hold back on the coconut milk.  Having ordered iskender kebab, I experienced much the opposite.  The dish is serve hot with the kebab meat (beef, lamb, both - who knows?) served above pide bread soaking in yogurt, tomato sauce, and the kebab meat juices.  There are no sticks; order a different kebab if you must eat you're your meat on a stick.  Naturally, I ordered the large portion and never looked back.  In fact, I couldn't help myself and felt rather good after finishing my rather large lunch.  So I ordered revani, baked dessert bread infused with syrup.  And did I mention the appetizers: acili ezme (a symphony of blended summer vegetables drizzled with olive oil and finished with herbs and spices), patlican soslu (the eggplant version of acili ezme), and our meals came with some kind of side sauce that defies description because I'm not sure which one it is on the online menu.  On the other hand, I only had water because I'm watching my weight and avoiding soft drinks.  After lunch, we drove back to work, and I tried to remember all the things I was supposed to be doing.  After about an hour or so, I started to feel really full, and that I should stop eating, except, I had stopped about an hour ago.  After another hour, I was ready for a long nap.  A few more hours later, I rolled myself into my car and drove home.
5	This is by far, one of the best if not the best Turkish Food we have eaten! After living in Turkey and going there every year for past 27 years, needless to say I have eaten a lot of Turkish food.  The food here athe the Turkish Kitchen is exceptional.  The spices are just right and every dish was absolutely delicious. I had several mezes, soup and the Adana and my husband had the Iskender  The portions were generous and the prices were very reasonable for the quality of food. The bread which we learned you can purchase was a special treat as we were only able to get that during Ramadan in the past.  Went there yesterday and will be going again tomorrow to try other dishes.  The staff was very friendly and service was great.  Not only happy to see authentic Turkish food in Arizona, but some of the best tasting Turkish Food I have ever eaten.
5	We traveled from Anthem to find this little Turkish heaven.  The drive was worth it. Loved everything about this place from the service to the food! Definitely be back.
5	Simply divine.  Best bread in the valley.  The kebab is lean and high quality - superbly prepared - and everything on the menu is delicious.  But nothing beats the service here.  Treated like royalty with a feast fit for a king.  We love Turkish Kitchen!!
4	Probably closer to 4.5 than 4.Very good Turkish food.  Bread is VERY good. Not overly expensive.Web site could stand to be updated with actual address/location of the restaurant.
5	Turkish Kitchen was absolutely terrific. Clean, cute, friendly staff. The bread was some of the best we have ever had and the complimentary dip was really tasty. We tried the Adana Kebab and Iskender Kebab for our entrees and both were excellent. I can't wait to return and try some more items.
5	Great food, friendly staff and great price.  I lived in Turkey for a year and this IS authentic Turkish food.  We drive up from Tuscon to eat at this restaurant.
5	Turkish Kitchen has great Mediterranean food!! First they brought their house bread with a sauce that was just delicious!! Second we had the hummus and it was excellent!! We ordered the Urfa Kebap & Adana Kebap, and they were just outstanding! The entree came with rice and veggies that were just very tasty!! The service was very attentive and friendly!! Definitely be back soon!
5	What a treasure for Phoenix. This place has really tasty food and unbeatable service. Oskar was one of the best servers we've had in years. I hope many people who are unfamiliar with Turkish food will give this a shot and see what they've been missing!
4	Very good food. Had the Iskender Doner which was really good but the best dish I had was accident. My wife ordered a vegetarian dish that they did not have enough of so they added some Pirasa with it. Wow. Amazing stuff.
5	Really awesome food! Great service and friendly knowledgable server! Ask for Oskar! Full of passion, he made the meal and evening a pleasure!
5	Turkish food coma! Love this place- authentic Turkish food and excellent service!  I lived in Istanbul Turkey for a year so when I found Turkish Kitchen on yelp I had to try it!   The food is authentic and sooooo yummy!  Perfect  pide (bread) and hummus.   I had my fav dish Iskender and it was perfect!    We will be back!!!!
4	We used to go to Efes Restaurant in Tempe before it closed.  When we learned that the former owner of Efes had now opened a restaurant in Chandler, we just had to check it out.Although not decorated like Efes used to be, the Turkish Kitchen restaurant was clean and neat, with plenty of seating in booths or at tables.  Some areas near the back of the restaurant (hallway leading to restrooms & storage areas) could definitely use some TLC, as they appear pretty worn, scuffed and in need of painting.The food was every bit as good as we hoped.  We started with the Coban Salata, in addition to the wonderful fresh bread.  For our main course, we ordered Iskender Kebab and Adana Kebab.  The portions were ample and there were two meal sizes available, depending upon your appetite.  The meals were presented very nicely and were delicious.  Service was prompt and attentive, and our server (Oscar) was very friendly and justifiably proud of the restaurant and its food.Overall, I'm glad we tried Turkish Kitchen and would recommend it as quite authentic.  I would say my overall rating is between 3.5 and 4, with the only shortcoming being the lack of more interesting decor.
5	No surprise this place has an average of five stars, it is great.  All though the menu is small, or perhaps because of this, every thing is great.  My favorite is the Doner Kebap.  It is lightly seasoned letting the rotisserie flavor come through, meat on a spit is a thing of beauty.  They give you the option for bulgar wheat as well as rice, which is nice because it is a healthier option.  The free bread that they give you has a nice flavor as well.  It has a thin crust and is soft of the inside and perfect for scooping up their humus, which is the best humus I have found in the valley so far.  It is super creamy and wonderful.  Their humus and bread could be my favorite part.
5	Been here multiple times, food is top notch, breads are fresh, and flavor is authentic. Service can be a little slow at times, but that can happen to any small place. Prices are great for the quality. Meats are amazingly juicy and full of flavor. Can't ask for any better food. Come here now if you haven't yet.
5	I have been a few times with my Turkish roommate.. We love it! Food is heavenly. And to COUNTERACT the review below about waitress Desiree, she is sweet, attentive, social & knowledgable about the food. She & Oscar (other waiter) are half the reason we like this place so much. We are still talking about how great they are 30min after we have left.. Promise you, you'll walk away fat & happy!
5	The food and service was awesome!!! Our waitress was Desiree. Being our first time here, we took her recommendations. Excellent choices. The hummus was smooth, creamy, and flavored just right. Best ever! The bread is homemade and perfect alone or with the hummus. The Dana Sis (grilled lamb cubes, rice, and vegetables) was something I'd recommend. The lamb cubes were generously sized, seasoned and grill perfectly. Moist and packed with flavor...not gamey. Went perfectly with the seasoned rice and shredded veggies. Portion was large enough for two. They have several deserts. We got the baklava. They had several kinds. We got two of the four choices. Definitely made with butter and so good. Not overly sweet. Went perfect with their Turkish tea. Every dish seemed to have a secret ingredient..I know because I asked. The service was timely, friendly, and educational. It  was an excellent first time experience.  Never been to Turkey, but I know I'll love the food and people. Price was reasonable. With the food portions so large and delicious I don't know how all the staff stay so slim.
5	I'm definitely glad I visited this place. Thank you Yelp! Our waitress Tuti is the sweetest, most helpful waitress ever. This is my first experience with Turkish food and I must admit, per Tuti's recommendations on food choices, it was absolutely amazing. They definitely bring what may seem like ordinary food to an entire new level. The hummus is creamy and extremely flavorful along with warm toasted pide. We had the dana kebabs and each piece of meat was cooked to such perfection, paired so well with the rice and vegetables that you could literally taste the chef's love for food and cooking. To finish off our dinner on the wonderful note, we had one of each of the baklavas with Turkish tea. This was definitely an experience! Excellent food, excellent service, excellent price. Fantastic job. We will definitely see you soon Tuti!
5	Yummy!! As everyone else here has appropriately pointed out, try the hummus. It's made with milk so it's really deliciously creamy. It, along with the bread, are made completely by hand.
5	Although there are few good Middle Eastern restaurants in Phoenix and I have been trying since 2005 when visiting from California which I normally rate them 3-4.5 stars, until I tried this "Turkish Kitchen" which is hard to beat.  Let me start with the incredible bread came with "Acili Ezme"(.. vibrantly red Turkish chopped vegetable dip creased with rivulets of olive oil and jolted with hot pepper paste..)  And Lamb Kabob was tender and delicious... + Tudi and other servers where checking every few mins, great service over all.  Don't expect to be fancy, restaurant has casual sitting arrangements.  But service, quality of food and taste compensate for everything else...I would definitely try this place during future visit to Phoenix.
5	Great food. I had the lamb Adana Kebap and my husband had the Ishkender Kebap his was excellent. Service was friendly and we look forward to returning.
4	OsKar with a "K" was our server and was super prompt with all of our orders and had a nice personality.  This place is casual and could use a lot more in the decoration department, but the food is what's more important and the food..... was GOOD!!! So fresh, healthy, just plain YUMM... My cousin eats here on the reg and had been trying to get me to try this place for the longest time.  I think I tried everything on the menu!! got some sesame bread and eggplant dipping sauce (it looked gross but tasted good so try it!!).  Tried the lentil soup, some cucumber-red onion-tomato salad (amazing), and a lamb dish with delicious white rice.  It's sad how i actually used to LIVE in Ankara, Turkey and my memory of the dishes left me!! Glad we finally went because places like this are far and few. It's right by a tattoo parlor and old bar but I don't see this all deterring diners.  Also- it has an "A" grade posted in case you are curious.  Go here and enjoy!!
3	Maybe Turkish food just not my cup of tea, we tried and its okay. Pita bread was fresh and hot but the taste did not impress me. The lack of sauce dishes felt little dry and boring to me. Don't get me wrong, you might find their food is delicious. But our first visit probably our last as well.
3	We have driven by many a times & always wanted to try this place. We were fans of Efes in Tempe and were sooooo sad when they closed... and quietly hoping Turkish Kitchen would be the new spot. My review will tell otherwise. The food was average. The Iskender Kebap was very good in flavor, my husband didn't like the presentation, it didn't bother me & it was yummy. The Mantar (mushroom dish) was not good, it tasted like a pizza topping, more Italian than Turkish. But in fairness they were out of mushrooms & sent someone to get more while we waited. They excused the delay but insured the freshness, and that was fine with us. Unfortunately, the "freshness" took away from the dish. It was supposed to be stewed but it came out lacking any mushroom flavor because the mushrooms were just cut & not cooked very long, so it was tomato-y, oil-y, and herb-y, NOT mushroom-y like I was excited for. I would have rather them say they didn't have it & apologize than lower their standard of delivery. But they were very nice & we appreciated the kindness & caring for our satisfaction. Also, like many places, the iced tea had turned. I am not a big fan of bad iced tea, only because it is so cheap & not that hard to make fresh iced tea, to me there is no excuse. The humus was great & the bread was also great! We are definitely fans of Turkish cuisine & so we will give them another try & are hoping for their future success. I was torn to give this so-so review (my husband said I shouldn't) but that is the beauty of Yelp & I am here to give my honest opinion. With all the other reviews, I'm sure this 31/2 star won't hurt them too much & I will look forward to updating at a later date.
1	Unfortunately this place has shut down for good and i'm not exactly sure why. Could it be for health code reasons just like EFS was shut down? If anyone knows please chime in.
1	Location at Arizona and Warner is closed and already changed names. Was a great treat, but we found it only a week before it closed... Bummer.
5	I love their Iskandeer Kebap! Their humus is really good too! The first time I went there, they had run out of the hummus appetizer, and Oskar recommended the Turkish kitchen special (has eggplant in it). I was a little hesitant since I don't really like eggplant, but I'm so glad he talked us into to it! It was delicious w/their fresh bread.They closed shortly after my visit- I hope they pop up again in- maybe in a better location?
4	Great food and service.  Give it a try for something different.  We will be visiting them time and time again
