5	I recently purchased a pair of Nike Free 7.0's and they didn't have enough support for me. Overtime my hip started to ache more and more with each run. Not ok! The only thing I could contribute to this was the change in my running shoes. I usually wear Lunarglides... Which I absolutely love.Of course... I tossed the receipt to my Free Runs, along with the box. I figured I would have to live with my wasted purchase *sad face*My coworker told me how friendly and helpful the staff was at the Tanger Nike store, so I decided to give them a call and see if they would be willing to take back my Frees.The girl I spoke with on the phone told me to come right in and I could exchange my shoes for ones that I would love *YAY*!!!Once I arrived to the Nike store, everyone was super helpful and never gave me that "you're returning these used shoes" stank-eye. THANK YOU!The shift manager diagnosed me with "over pronation" and guided me towards the ideal running shoe for my situation. It was the Lunarglide!! (big surprise!) They even searched in the back of the store for my size and style without me having to ask.All in all, this was one of the best retail experiences I've had in a while! Thank you Tanger Nike Outlet, for not treating me like a degenerate "serial-returner" which it seems every store loves to assume.  I will be a loyal customer forever!!!
4	I was at the mall for some other things and being a holiday weekend they had sales going on everywhere so I went in to see if they had anything I just couldn't do without.  This store seems a little smaller than the one I have shopped several times in Las Vegas but the layout is sort of similar with the shoes in the back.  I dealt with two employees on the floor and both were friendly and knowledgeable.  I had found a pair of walking shorts on the wall that were just like a pair I had and wanted a backup for.  The sales associate found one for me, without me asking, on a sales rack that were almost identical.  So much for me just browsing.
4	Great place to shop for cheap shoes or clothes.  Their prices are usually at least $10 differences from other chain stores.  They provide socks for people wanting to try out the shoes and all employees that works there are very polite and have enough knowledge on what they sells.
