4	I've been to Griffintown 3 times now and I have to admit it keeps getting better each time I go.The first time I went was for breakfast this summer and to be honest I was a little disappointed with the service, that being said I think they were going through some growing pains because as I later found out the poor service wasn't the staffs fault but a computer glitch that had wiped out all the mornings orders. The second and third time I went were awesome, the problems had all been addressed and the staff has found their groove. The service was impeccable, even on Friday night when the place was full and we had to wait, they made us feel at home and worked very hard to get us a table as quickly as possible.I love the open kitchen that allows you to see whats going on and the activity in the kitchen adds to the general ambiance. They also had great jazz band playing the evening I was there, adding even more to the ambiance. Breakfast at Griffintown is as enjoyable as dinner the cafe au lait is good and the brioche french toast is just awesome as are the eggs Benedict with smoked salmon. This has definitely become one of my favourite places, it a nice restaurant with a nice neighbourhood feel. The beef, Lamb and duck burger is one of the best in the city. I hope you enjoy.
4	As stinky as you'll be walking out of there, you've got to put olfactory vanity aside, and go for it. BEST potatoes (come in a mashed up ball) that taste like Cosmo's without being Cosmo's. Try the breakfast menu (classic eggs, salad), the Mexican breakfast, the grilled cheese, eggs Benedict (insanity) and the list goes on. Actually, try everything. The only reason I witheld the fifth star is because there ain't no freshly squeezed. And I love my freshly squeezed.
5	My new favorite breakfast spot in Montreal. No lineups, spacious & most importantly DELICIOUS! I ordered the crab cakes with eggs, oh so good! My friends ordered the Mexican dish and eggs benedicts, their verdicts, excellent!
4	Had brunch here on a recent girls' trip to Montreal.  It was very close to the condo where we were staying.  Arrived around noon on a Saturday afternoon and to our surprise, no line up!  Service was quick and friendly.  We ordered the eggs benny with homemade bacon ($12) and it came with a side of potatoes and green salad.  Other orders included the crab cakes and French Toast.  Everything was super tasty and prices very, very reasonable for brunch.  They don't have regular drip coffee but the Americano was great.  Loved the laid back vibe of the place.  Would gladly come back for brunch again if we're in the area.
3	Excellent pulled pork soft shell tacos and a drink menu full of bourbons and hints of the south, Griffintown Cafe is a nice quiet hangout for a mid day meal or a fun place at night that can sometimes be crowded. The simple dishes seem to have the most flavor! Now that I have found the pulled pork it will be hard for me to venture away from them! Mmmmmm!
4	Great place for a quick bite or just to hang out and listen to the live jazz.
4	A great place to chill and listen to some jazz while munching good food on a Friday night when you want to go out and haven't made reservations (since they don't take 'em). Arrive early in the evening or be prepared to wait for a table (ideally you can do so while sipping a drink at the bar). Their menu changes frequently, and has a southern influence. I really liked the lobster tacos. The whole place has a community vibe and the live music adds some real spirit. Sometimes the servers even join the band! I keep meaning to try their brunch.
4	My friend talked up the Egg Mac and Cheese before we arrived at Griffintown for brunch and I say to myself, ok ok, I'm sure it's alright, I'll see what else is on the menu. Huevos Divorciados... that looks interesting...Eggs Norwegian... maybe...OK FINE, egg mac and cheeese it is.Glad I got it! Absolutely fantastic. Totally hit the spot. This is not for the diet conscious. Plus, everyone in the restaurant is beautiful!! Every.One. Customers and waitstaff. Maybe it's the lighting. I don't know. Go early for brunch, it gets crowded at primetime!
5	Friends suggested meeting for brunch at Griffintown Cafe and we were not disappointed.  The wait staff were tremendous and actually let us in out of the cold a little before the restaurant opened.  We were there with an infant which tends to complicate things at most restaurants, but they were well set up and didn't give it a second thought.We tried the bacon and eggs mac and cheese as well as the eggs benedict.  The mac and cheese was made with about 4 kinds of cheese and topped with their homemade bacon (which is amazing) and two perfectly poached eggs.  It was heavy, but delicious.  The eggs benedict was also incredible.  Not too much hollandaise and homemade bacon instead of ham.  The kicker was a homemade biscuit for the base.  It all came together very nicely.Griffintown Cafe was very kid friendly with amazing food and excellent staff.  We couldn't have asked for a better brunch and will definitely be back.
4	Came here with a friend for a late dinner before heading out for the night.  The place was full except for two places at the bar.  So we decided to stay and eat at the bar.The decor had a very old time charm feel to it.  I am a sucker for the exposed brick and dated hardwood.  They had an upright bass and piano, which eventually was played by some musicians later in the evening.  The open kitchen is nice too because you can see the food being cooked.  I LOVE bourbon (having lived in Kentucky kinda forces you) and they had a very good selection (for Montreal standards) of bourbon. I ordered the Griffintown cheeseburger, which is 1/2 beef, 1/4 duck and 1/4 lamb.  You can also have the option to add bacon.  It was really really good.  I tasted the lamb the most (I guess cause lamb is a really overpowering flavor...) but it was delicious nonetheless.The mac and cheese looked good and I must try that next time.The waitresses were pleasant and competent but the staff definitely had a hipster vibe to them.My only concern was sitting so close to the kitchen caused our clothes to reek of pork...nothing a little cologne and fresh air couldn't fix...
5	My boyfriend and I found this place on Yelp and went for brunch during a weekend trip to Montreal.  It was fantastic.  He ordered the huevos divorciados and I had the bacon egg mac & cheese.  Being from Texas, we were leery about ordering a Mexican inspired dish- but we were not disappointed!  The dishes came out piping hot- a very important factor for a delicious breakfast.  We ate at the bar and we spent a couple of hours lingering after our meal visiting with the staff, the chef and his wife.  We had plans to go visit a couple of museums but we ended up spending the entire afternoon just hanging out at Griffintown, a happy accident and a very memorable Sunday afternoon.
5	Have been here a few times for breakfast and once in the evening, so I'll split the review in to two: Breakfast - while there's always a line up, it's well worth the wait. The place is noisy, but that's just because it's one big space (including all the seating, the bar, and the kitchen) and popular. I don't find it a problem, but if you want a quiet spot to escape the noise, then you don't want to come here.While you're waiting for a table, try to squeeze in at the bar to order a coffee (it's really good here) - it makes the wait that much more bearable.The G Biscuit with bacon is my favourite savoury meal - it's not too big, super tasty, and cooked to perfection. On the sweet side I really like their french toast - nothing too crazy, just solid french toast goodness.Evening - much more chillaxed. I had the burger and pint Wednesday special for $18, and wasn't disappointed. The burger patty is a mix of beef, lamb, and duck, and tastes as good as it sounds! I can't remember what beer they have on tap, but it's good.
4	Went here for brunch on a Saturday morning, great atmosphere and decor, about a 15 minute wait. Busy but not outrageously so.The house juices are great. The Canadian breakfast was also very good, although the bacon was a little off, but vegetarians beware, there is no vegetarian option to replace the meat in most dishes other than "more mixed greens," and even the breakfast potatoes are cooked in bacon fat.
1	In Montreal it seems to be normal to charge good money for mediocre to poisonous food. We're it not for my favourite cheap and cheerfuls (Thali, Thai Express and a few others) I would never eat out at all.This evening a friend of mine wanted to go for a bite, I was really just looking for a coffee while he ate. We ended up at the Griffintown, because it was close and looked reasonably appealing.Once seated I checked out the menu, and though I wasn't hungry I saw Pulled Pork Tacos and couldn't resist. Now -- I should know better, as there is one thing you can be sure of -- no one in Montreal actually knows how to cook, much less something as tasty as pulled pork.My pal ordered a burger, and when he specified no bacon, what do you know he got bacon -- STRIKE 1My Pulled Pork arrived, and it was cold: trichinosis anyone??? STRIKE 2 I sent it back, and at that moment I realized that Griffintown was another over-hyped, under serving restaurant.I didn't want anything else to eat, as god knows what goes on in that kitchen, but making food is obviously not their forte.The final strike was the out of tune, bad sounding piano, being beaten by some woman who required sheet music to play old standards, and her accompanist, a microphoned double bass.Would I go there again?? BZZZT The only saving grace was they comp'd our meal. Which when you think about it, thats about what it was worth -- nothing.
5	Sign me up for a weekly eat here, please? Someone? Please. Arriving starved after a morning train ride from Ottawa, I was seated on the terrasse. Snuggly wedged into my seat (which was also propping open the door to the restaurant) I got down to brass tacts: bennies and bevies. I ordered absolutely, positively correctly. The house cured wild salmon benny was a perfect blend of salty, sweet, pickled, and smoky flavour. And the mountain of potato mash with bites of onions? I could have easily eaten double! Griffintown seems to be a restaurant that enjoys homemaking their wares. Much to my joyful surprise, they also had homemade ginger beer. And yes, it too was delicious. I searched for something wrong with experience, but truthfully, it was just a big breakfast-at-lunch-time love fest.
5	I don't mean to bump Crystal's review - but we LOVED this place! We love the food, the service. Cannot wait to return again! This is an amazing gem we discovered through yelp in Montreal!Good for groups: if you sit inside. It is a small quaint gastropub.Dinner: I ate the Griffintown Cheeseburger which is a delicious monsterBrunch: Crab Cakes with Eggs = divine!
4	It was a beautiful, sunny, Saturday afternoon and my friend and I had decided to stroll on in here for brunch. We were seated instantly and chose to sit on the cute, little terrasse in the back. As soon as we got settled, we quickly searched through the menu with eyes wide open. I was instantly drawn to the wilted baby spinach & goat cheese eggs benny and I - was - pleased - as - ever. The poached eggs weren't drenched in hollandaise sauce, so you were truly able to enjoy every single flavor from the top-down. The baby spinach wasn't overcooked and tasted fresh. The goat cheese, oh the goat cheese... how I love you so, adding so much vibrancy and umph to this glorious eggs benedict. It wasn't the cheap, tasteless kind. It was the best kind, the thick-creamy-sour kind that melts in your mouth. The biscuit at the bottom wasn't too dough-y. It was thin, had some crunch to it as though it had been toasted, and didn't steal the spotlight from the marvelous creation topping it, yet still left its mark. I wished it wouldn't end, and made sure to savor every moment of every bite. Truly, scout's honor.After such an outstanding food experience, the downfall was the service. Although our waitress was kind, it took 45 minutes to receive our order. Two or three tables before us got served even though they had arrived after us. After the long wait, our waitress brought us someone else's order, who also came in after us, and that just felt like such a harsh tease. About five minutes after that, she brought us what we had ordered after we reminded her, once again. Something definitely went wrong with our order, and it was really frustrating while waiting under the heat, on an empty stomach, and watching everyone else who came in later get to enjoy their meals first. However, once the plates were finally served, they were just too good to leave upset. There are other plates I am curious to try, like the house cured wild salmon benny and the crab cakes and eggs. So I will definitely be back, and hopefully be more pleased with Griffintown's service.
4	Even the name is hipster...Good fresh food, ordered the dinner special: $19 for "Griffintown Burger" (1/2 beef, 1/4 duck, 1/4 lamb) with a nicely done large side salad (Arugula Pesto with slices of radish), and accompanying stout.  Tastay.Ambience was rustic chic - nice place for to catch up with buddies or for a simple date.  I could see how the atmosphere could lend itself to a relaxed brunch, which I will have to try next time.. if I'm ever back in Montreal...
5	Best Bloody Caesar in Montreal!!  Yes we were visiting but we had many in different cafes and restaurants. We could have drank 20... did we.. who knows?Breakfast was good. I tried the homemade gravlax and yes!! so good with my poached eggs. Egg sandwich The scene cool, hip and mellow. The background music was wonderful. Loved it. I also liked the neighborhood.
2	total let-down. waited over 30 minutes to sit down for brunch, to find out that apparently they were "out of eggs benedict". with pretty much no other veggie options on the menu, i had a grilled cheese sandwich. doused in butter and skimpy on fillings, this was totally mediocre at best. there were probably 3 arugula leaves and 4 strands of pickled onions. 10 bucks. won't be back. ignore the hype- for brunch anyway.
5	One of my favorite spots. (: Awesome food, awesome drinks, even more awesome staff.
2	I'm a simple breakfast person, eggs potatoes, and they did not master that dish,  the gang we were with loved their dishes though. Therefore if chi chi lala is your type of breakfast then this is for  you.
4	We were trying to visit Duo.D next door, but turns out they're closed for lunch. So we ate ate Griffintown instead. Pretty amazing consolation prize. There were three of us; I had the veggie burger, which was actually really good and flavorful. By far the most flavorful veggie burger I've ever had. My husband had the daily special, which was an oven fried chicken, which was also really good. Their food is seasoned really well without being overpowering. Our friend got the burger (maybe it was called the Griffinburger or something like that), which he said was amazing; part lamb, part beef, part duck. We also shared the mac and cheese, which was really good: it wasn't overly cheesy or heavy, so it didn't give you the gross yuck feeling afterwards.We wanted to go here again for lunch, but they are closed on Mondays, so be aware of that!!
1	Terrible brunch place. The service was terrible. Walked in no one greeted us, after 5mins of standing in the entrance waitress told us to sit anywhere. We sat down at a table and waited another 15 minutes to get menus. The waiter then told us we didn't sit at the right place and that we should of waited for someone to seat us...once we ordered the wait was reasonable although we had all finished our plates before the waiter brought us our drinks. Terrible experience, terrible service. Many much better places in the area, don't waste your money here!
4	I am calling this the best brunch in Montreal!Because we wanted to explore this neighborhood by day, we decided to venture out for a Saturday Brunch at Griffintown Cafe.  We did not realize we would discover the best brunch in Montreal!  This is what we ate:Mimosa GriffintownWhat is a brunch without mimosa?!  This mimosa is made from McKeown Cider which is from Quebec's own McKeown orchards.  Go ahead and have two or three; it is the perfect way to start off your brunch!Crab CakesWhy--you might ask--did we decide to have crab cakes for brunch?  Well they do come with eggs and bacon so why not?!  Very deliciousMac & CheeseAgain, you might ask why this for brunch?  They put egg--poached egg--and bacon on this too so it counts!  We ordered two of these!The Breakfast "Griffintown" BurgerThis time we had to ask them to hold the egg.  We just couldn't get down with the egg on the burger!  There is already a lot going on with the meat.  The "Griffintown Burger" is 1/2 beef, 1/4 duck, 1/4 lamb and is darn good.  It also has aged cheddar and if you are so daring you can add the sunny side egg.  Everyone has to get this just to try it.  Even if you can't eat the whole thing, you have to try it.Brioche French ToastFor those of you looking for basic breakfast brunch items then look no further because the Brioche French Toast is all you need!  "Bourbon, vanilla, cinnamon, sweet cream, maple syrup and fresh fruit" create the perfect french toast.Griffintown Cafe is a fantastic place to have weekend brunch.  The staff is extremely friendly and the crowd is pleasant.  We agreed that we would be sure to add Griffintown Cafe to our "must visit" list for all future trips to Montreal.
4	Came here on Sunday at 2pm for brunch. We had reserved but because of the weather it was still empyish. Great little place, nice rustic decor, friendly staff, really great eggs benedict and mimosas. We had a really nice couple of hours. It was a tad on the pricey side, but overall it could be argued that it's worth it. It also seemed like it was a good spot to come in the evenings. Jazz music was listed for the weekends. Might go back to check that out.Only downside with this place is that it's a little awkward to get to if you don't have a car. But I would argue that it's worth it. I live in NDG, and there are half a dozen other brunch places around here on Monkland etc. I would make this trek rather than go to any of those places anytime. If you wanna "do brunch" and don't mind spending a little, definitely go here.
3	Two years ago, I said that the brunch was excellent. Every time I come back I'm a little bit more disappointed by something. I'm at a point where I say it is just above average
4	We came here without reservations on a Sunday at 11:30, with a group of 7. Had to wait a little but the server was really sweet and funny and kept updating us on the timeline. Around 12 the place started to get really busy and was packed by the time we left. They were accommodating to our requests and the food was great. I highly recommend the huevos divorciadas. Usually the corn tortilla is too crunchy or too thin and flimsy but these tasted like authentic yellow corn tortillas.
3	ACCEPTABLE ... the interior is attractive and caught my eye in the past (this seems to be a common theme in my reviews). I had anticipated my experience here for quite a while having studied the menu while passing by on a couple of occasions. The menu offers a variety of "standards" as well as some smart variations of standards and interesting combinations. Somewhere between conception and execution of the plates something didn't work out. To elaborate, the meals were described accurately in terms of the actual ingredients and style of preparation, but somehow they read much more interestingly than they actually tasted, which was a little bland.The overall quality of Griffintown Cafe would be comparable to dinning at a friend's house, a friend who cooks well but not quite at the caliber of a professional and lacking the soul of "home cooking". The restaurant almost plays into this a bit by mixing and matching plates and glasses and offering a back patio that feels very much more like a back porch (at a friend's house). The staff was very attentive and friendly. Based on the menu, they have creativity and potential and I think they'll improve their execution one day. For now I would recommend starting with a cocktail and small item to test the waters and decide for yourself.
4	Played a gig here recently. Clearly the gentrifiers are here to stay in G-town, if this place can stay in business charging $14 for a reuben before tax and tip. It was actually a fantastic sandwich, and it looks like they pickle the cabbage in-house, but it wasn't THAT big, and no sides or anything, so I have some trouble seeing how it adds up. Great vibe, though. Interesting selection of beers on tap. The staff was very cool. We stretched the musician accommodations to the breaking point (there isn't much space) but I had no complaints about how they treated us. Just came off a little haughty with the pricing.
4	Really cute place, really delicious food and service was good.The only thing was that the service was a little on the slow side but that would not stop me from going again!
4	Only been for lunch. Enjoyed the food and ambience. Can't wait to go for dinner soon.
3	I have dined at this restaurant twice with friends and have mixed reviews about it. The first time was great, because I was taking advantage of the brunch special. Crispy french toast with cream cheese glaze, plus the eggs benedict that my friends share with me. They were all very tasty and came at a reasonable price of 12.50 with a coffee and potatoes. The decor is chic and the staff relaxed, perfect for dining in the morning. However, the next time I had gone for the dinner service, I thought the food was average for the price I was paying. Nearly 30 dollars for burger and fries and that did not include the alcohol. Every place out there is doing the gourmet burger concept and some restaurants need to step it up if they want to compete when it comes to pricing. Some of the items on the menu may not tingle my taste buds, but that does not mean that I won't go back for breakfast!
1	Took a long time to get our food - and it was served cold and no flavor - don't get the 'Mexican dish' - whatever you do - service was alright - they did comp me my beer - will give them another try - pretty pricey - 30 bucks for Mac and cheese and a beer
3	Stopped in near the end of lunch. Ordered the sandwich of the day which was a salmon gravlax. Absolutely delicious. The sandwich was available with a salad for $8 or with the soup of the day and coffee for $14. When the waitress asked if I would like it with the soup, I declined. When I went to pay, I was charged for the lunch special (with the soup). There was no miscommunication as my server was the only staff that day, and I began to explain that I had only asked for the sandwich and had specifically declined the soup. She responded that the soup was swapped for a salad as if I hadn't been able to read on the menu that the salad was included in the $8 price. I didn't bother arguing with her as it obviously wouldn't have been to any avail. Delicious food and great atmosphere, but overcharging me, not knowing your menu, and not offering me even the coffee that you're forcefully charging me as I enjoy my meal, not acceptable. I will certainly go back  to enjoy the delicious food and hope to be able to update my review with improved service.
3	Ok, I only had a dessert and a cup of coffee, so I can't say anything about the food.First off, the place has a great decoration. (But seriously, you hung a TV into this rustic/industrial place)The coffee: I understand that people come here for food not for coffee, but why don't places invest in some good beans and make the experience complete. Nobody wants to drink burnt coffee after a tasty brunch, do they? The dessert was pretty good, but the sliced apples had onion taste in them. I mean even I clean/change my knife at home switching between those things. C'mon.Overall, good service, nice interior.
2	Went there around 1:15 PM on Sunday. We had to wait over 45 minutes to get our food which was cold and tasteless. The only thing that makes me give that restaurant a second star is the friendly waitress and because they offered us a drink and didn't charge for the coffees because we had to wait for so long.
2	Where should i begin, hard to say.I think i should begin by the good. Quite obviously the neighbourhood is looking for a place like this. Serving non pretentious food, with a relaxed home-y atmosphere, and friendly staff. We came to eat brunch today, and the first thing i noticed was the line up at the door, a tell tale sign of something there a need for.Though having a line up, a relaxed atmosphere and a nice setting gets you a line up, it doesn't guarantee you repeat and loyal customers.At this point of my review if you are the owner/operator, or employee, you might be saying to yourself " What basis does this customer have to offer any criticism towards my restaurant". Let me answer that by saying i have been working in the restaurant/hotel industry for the last 15yrs, and i have seen the good, and the bad. your establishment falls somewhere in-between.Now on with the not so good.Please take this as constructive, and nothing else. I am not here to bash. i am writing this in the hopes that this might help your restaurant/cafe have a long fruitful life.The seating process was dealt with nicely, we were promptly seated, with a sense of urgency. The table layout was a bit confusing, it didn't look well organized. I understand wanting the maximum of seated clients at one time, but if the staff could not handle that many seated, you should remove a few tables, and encourage more tales being turned over.Our waitress took our coffee order after 10mins of being seated, this should be something that's delay with as soon as the client is seated, thus minimizing the perception of waiting times. Also let me say that a table just wanting a simple filter coffee doesn't want to wait 10 mins to get an alongee. With a minimum investment for a drip coffee machine you could satisfy these clients.After our order was taken, i noticed the dishwasher with a cigarette (non lit) in his mouth in the kitchen area. This should not be permitted near or around the food. Lit or Not! During the wait time for our food (approx. 30mins) i noticed our waitress chatting with a friend at the bar, and walking around aimlessly with no sense of urgency. i saw some of her tables have to get up walk to the back and pay at the cash, instead of at the table because of this. Though the other waitresses looked like they were bustling, maybe we just got unlucky with our pick.When the food arrived it was good, the only thing not excusable was the burnt potatoes on the Fritata dish, not slightly burnt they were petrified, and non edible.The advice i could offer to shorten wait times for the food would be. Either invest some money into more updated kitchen equipment, or construct a new condensed menu to handle the kitchens abilities. I noticed the staff is working off an old 6 burner stove, with 3 of these burner being taken up by a make shift steam table, this leaves 3 burners for everything else. This cannot suffice to feed a full restaurant in a reasonable amount of delay.Now let me finish by saying congratulations! To own a business where there is a line up out the door for there offering is "the dream" for any owner/operator. I hate to say it though if some things are not adjusted and or invested. That line up could dwindle away quickly. We will be back to eat eventually,and i hope to see the line up twice as long and i hope to be waiting in it to be seated again.Regards
2	Never again. Straight up, you can cook better food at home I promise. Even if that means making a cup of ramen. Yes. Unfortunate. The food is bland, lackluster and there's just no love. They don't seem to care about what's on the plate. I'm pretty sure my salad was one of those premixed deals from a plastic bag. The homemade lox was okay. Honestly, it was pretty tasteless and forgettable. Ah, this is so harsh! The place was busy so it was likely an area favourite but this could also be because there's not much choice around. Otherwise, the interior is cute and quaint. There's a TV on the wall playing local television. Dear management, get rid of that.
2	Was there for brunch. Really disappointed by the service which obviously doesn't care about their own business and about you... which is kind of the basis.Food was good, a 5/10.
4	Taking a star away for the service. The girl at the door didnt really believe that i am joining existing party (my friends were already at the table), it takes ages to get waiting staff attention and when we were paying the waitress was taking payment on the credit card machine while ... kneeling next the table O_o Also - only one barista? Espresso taking 15 minutes to make? Dear owners, during brunch people will ask for all those great coffees you have! The interior design is great (apart from strange choice of radio (?) station), both food itself and presentation are good, well deserved "well done" to kitchen staff. I will probably come back to try more things on the menu :)
