5	Best Sushi East of Los Angeles: Being a Los Angeles native, and an avid sushi eater for over 17years, I figured that by moving by to the desert I would have to settle for mediocre sushi. I was wrong. Sushi Ave. is on par, if not better in some ways (price, friendliness), with the best sushi bars in Los Angeles. Sushi Chef James serves up a wonderful array of house specials and traditional sushi dishes that will have you hooked. Highly Recommended!
3	No one can top fresh just caught sushi, served up on the sea wall in Okinawa with a bottle of Kirin.  HOWEVER, Sushi Ave is pretty close.  Smaller scale than most, cozy.  Great selection.
5	This place is just awesome. I keep going back because nothing beats it. The place is very unassuming, being sandwiched between a bank and a Checker Auto Parts. It's easy to pass it by but don't let the strip mall fool you, they have EXCELLENT fish and service. The interior is chic and modern. Sit at the large sushi bar and get the full experience. The albacore tuna tataki melts in the mouth & has a delectable sauce on top. They also have a wide array of house specialty rolls.The ultimate spicy tuna roll is nothing short of amazing. It has spicy tuna on the inside with asparagus (which gives it a nice texture and light crunch) and tuna on the outside. I've taken so many out-of-town guests from California and they've all been just as pleased.They have a nice assortment of awards on the walls, and it's no surprise why.
5	Sushi Ave is within a mile of my house and I have probably driven past it a thousand times, I do not know why we have not tried this hidden gem sooner, maybe it was their location in a strip mall with a Checker Auto parts and a veterinary clinic. I'll admit I am not as adventurous when it comes to sushi places as I should be but the cooked stuff tasted really good. We tries their California roils, Spicy Crab rolls, Las Vegas Roll and some sort of "volcano" dish (All I know is they lit it on fire at the table, COOL!). This place is awesome.
4	Really great sushi. I'm an avid sushi lover from LA and didn't expect to find great sushi all the way out here but it was really great and the sushi chef was extremely friendly.
4	We have been looking for a good sushi joint close by that is good and not to pricey. I always saw this place but never tried it but saw reviews for its and decided to give it a try. It was great, the best I have had so far. They had a great Hawaiian roll of some sort that was awesome. We basically had a few of their various rolls since we are just beginners at Sushi. We are not hardcore like some but this place did its job and hit the spot. I like the quaint atmosphere and really nice wait staff. It was really dark inside which took a bit for my eyes to get use to :) But all around I loved it.
5	This is my favorite spot for sushi in the valley. I think I've tried almost every roll here and have not been disappointed. The menu includes pictures, which I always love when picking out some fun options. They set the Volcano roll on fire and it just melts in your mouth. The Las Vegas and New York rolls are also good. The Hawaiian roll in good, the Spider (Crab) roll, I could go on and on. There are so many great choices. The staff here is also super friendly. I'm getting hungry just thinking about this place. Just got to get the boyfriend to like sushi. I made him try the really good stuff in NYC and he hasn't been the same ever since.   :p
3	Really a 3.5 rating.  Went on friday night and it  was about half full.  girlfriend and i sat at the bar. cons: 1. somehow they messed up our order and gave it to someone next to us, who ordered after us.  they figured it out and gave it  back to us   2.  I had to ask for ginger, which is pretty lame, and then they only gave us one btwn the two of us.  the ginger is also unusually sweet, as they marinate it a second time.  i just like the original, white, uncolored ginger.  3.  Ordered the pink lady roll, and i am still trying to figure out what the pink stuff on the outside of itpros:  double spicy roll (spicy tuna inside and out), new york roll (spicy salmon and other stuff that is whole roll tempura fried), and salmon nigiri.  Salmon was awesome!  fatty, perfectly cut, and not old and dry.  the rolls aren't loaded with rice that make you feel stuffed and take away from flavor.definitely i will go back to see how it goes a second time.  japanese gf made a good point that almost every roll has imitation crab which makes it lower quality and makes rolls look bigger.
4	Wow great place to eat just came home from dinner.  I've been meaning to try this place for a couple of months now, and finally decided to check it with a friend.  Good atmosphere not noisy at all and a great place for good sushi and a good talk.  Fish quality was good and service was excellent.  Will definitely be back to try the different rolls.Had the New York, Volcano, and Red Spider alll very tasty
4	One of our favorite local sushi places. Good quality and selection, and not very expensive. We usually get sushi for takeout, and they've never had an order wrong (knock on wood).
4	I had never tried sushi until I moved to the Valley 3 years ago. I since have become a huge fan. This very restaurant played a huge role in this. Every time I eat there I get about 5 rolls for my girlfriend and I to share. It fills you up and it doesn't break the bank in the process. The atmosphere is very nice as well, dark modern furnishings throughout. The owners are so nice there as well, welcoming each customer with a genuine smile and greeting. Overall: Great place to grab some sushi.
4	I like this place. It's close to home, has a great atmosphere, and good sushi.If the sushi was better, we would be in heaven and would eat there way too much. However, the sushi is good. Not great. We could eat there an be satisfied, but never really go "wow, this is good."Know what I mean?
4	I regularly go to this place for lunch with a group of co-workers. We usually get there around 11:30 a.m.  I am always amazed that this location is never busy. This is one of my favorite locations in town. I can't say that I have ever had bad food during my visits. Again, today, 5 of the guys went in for lunch. Ordered seveal orders of sashimi, nigiri, and about 6 rolls.  All tasted very good.  We were also served two complimentary orders of pot stickers.  I pretty sure because of the slow service. My favorite is the Hawaian Role and Samurai Roll.  The Jalapeno Role is also good. My only complaint was that the food prep was a little slow. There was only one sushi chef and she clearly had a hard time keeping up with order. Now, I can understand if the place was packed, but when you are the only group in the restaurant, I would think the roles would come flying out!!!  Getting there at 11:00 a.m. we did not get out until almost 12:30 p.m.  A little too long for the only group in the place. Reading prior reviews, I learned that the place is under new management.  And it was a different chef behind the bar than the person from previous visit.  So maybe we are still developing skills. Will continue to visit. Food has always been good regardless owner.  Don't always want to spend 1 1/2 hour for lunch.Would be 5 Stars.  But due to slower service today, taking away one star...
5	Saw positive reviews for Sushi Avenue and decided to stop by and try Sushi Avenue.  The employees there are very nice and care about their customers.  The Food is the best!!  I had Octapus and fresh water eel sushi as well as their Teryaki Chicken plate.  I would deffinetly suggest going.
3	This place was good, but just good. Happy hour sucks bad and the sushi rolls could be bigger for the price you are paying but over all the sushi was very good .
4	This is a great place for both traditional sushi and unique fusion roles.I don't quite understand why this place is hardly ever busy - I can only figure it's the location that fails to draw a crowd.  The food is great and the chefs and wait staff are always super friendly.   Prices are about average and they have recently incorporated some great lunch combos.
4	I have been a customer of Sushi Ave for some time, I was upset that my friend sold the place and moved away. I was glad to see that most of the menu is still the same but the quality did fall at first.  I have been back a few times and the new owners are starting to win me over.  Some rolls are just about as I remember them but, some of the more specialty rolls that I  loved are not there yet. One of the things I do like that has not changed is the rolls are rolled smaller, not hard to eat, kind of bite sized.  The rolls are longer so you are not cheated and it makes it easier to eat Over all this is still my favorite place to go in the East Valley. Try the Arizona roll, it's not as good as it used to be but still very tasty.  We miss you James
5	I think what I like most of all about Sushi Ave is Harry and Nana. They have made my experiences so pleasant. Every time Travis and I go to Sushi Ave Nana makes us something special (from her secret menu) and it's ALWAYS delicious! She is working on a secret menu to offer on their Yelp page and I am so excited for it, because everything she gives us is AMAZING!Their sushi rolls are full of flavor, never have they been soggy, the Vegas roll is SOO good!!! Warm, with a light crisp texture and eel sauce...mmmMmm!Come, try it out, it really is as good as it gets!!
4	Good sushi.  Not as good ad RA but no wait.  Last time we were there the service could have been a little better, but the food is always great.
5	I have nothing bad to say about Sushi Ave. Nana and Harry the owners are as nice as can be.The sushi is amazing, it is always fresh, prepared well and frankly just tasty.They are not condescending like many other sushi hipster places. Probably the best sushi in the East Valley.Oh ya their Vegas Roll is done right.
3	Was my first time eating here. Have to say I was pretty satisfied. Sake actually lasted me through my whole beer, compared to ra.  All the rolls I had were delicious. Only thing that was sub par was the tightness of the rolls, but since im a ninja with the chopsticks, it wasn't a problem.
2	If you are looking for freshly rolled Sushi and can't make it out of the East Valley, this place might work.  Small dive kind of place next to a Auto Parts Store and Veterinarian Office.The rolls were a step above store bought and the atmosphere was dark and cold.  Not the social meeting place found at the Sushi Bars I am use to in Ventura CA.I've visited twice.  The most recent night my fiance and I visited there was a table of about 8 regulars right in the middle of the confined bar who were loud and obnoxious and ruined our dining experience.Not impressed.
4	Just went here for lunch and tried the bento boxes and a couple of the specialty rolls.  Everything was very good.  The teriyaki beef was better than most I've tried.Also, the decor was a perfect mix of dark wood, Japanese accents, and modern feel.  Will definitely be back, perhaps to try out the happy hour.
1	I've been twice now and this place ranks with Ra as being top nasty sushi place. People that rate a place on rolls should not comment on "freshness". Rolls are for people that eat sushi to be cool. Eat the sashimi and then rate. Anyways, had the large sashimi plate. Fish was warm, not on ice and the albacore about made be puke. It's easy to dress up bad fish with rice and sauces but not sashimi. Fish was glossy and opaque......... Never again!!
4	Pro - FRESH, sushi is delicous, service is good.  You get to store your own chopsticks-  catchy.  Hopefully nobody licks them while your away. Con - Nit picky but the bottom of the chairs need those soft thingys.  Everytime some sits - SCREEEEECH.   The weird stuff in the jars are not all that.  Wont do that again. The lobster roll was awesome.
4	Happy hour is fun!  I really like the chef there.  He is very sweet and welcoming.
5	Best sushi in Gilbert. The PHX roll is my favorite. Nana and Harry always provide great sushi at great prices. Its a nice place that isn't loud and pretentious like other chain sushi places....And their dumplings are to die for.
5	First look and you think augh how good can this place be after all it's next to an auto parts store.  Well let me tell you it is bar far the best Sushi.  I visit RA a lot because my friend live close by, but then I found Sushi Ave. on a dining reward program and I don't go anywhere else!!  They are attentive, the sushi is FRESH, the plum sangria is amazing, the price is very good compared to how much food you get.  Well worth the visit!!!  If you go often you also get your own set of chop stix which they clean and store up front for the next time you come.  LOVE LOVE LOVE Sushi Ave.!!!!  The only negative thing I might say is the chairs make a horrible noise scraping on the floor every time you move.
5	I chose the Double Spicy Roll & Ultimate Dragon Roll.  Amazing!!!  You pay what is normal for great sushi.  When it's this good, I do not care what it costs.  They have lunch sushi specials and Happy Hour sushi specials for those who want to save some dough.  The owners are very nice.  I will be going back again, and again.
4	Another Sushi place that is owned by Koreans lol. The staff including the waitress and sushi chef were nice and service was good. But it was quite empty that day (just two tables including ours) so maybe that was the reason. Anyways, ordered salmon and scallop nigiri which were both good. The fish tasted fresh. No complaints here!Then ordered some rolls: spicy roll (forgot name), rainbow, caterpillar, and alaskan. Again, the fish were fresh, but I gotta say, I wasn't a big fan of the alakan roll. Originally, I thought the lemon on it would add a nice zing, but It kinda overpowered everything. On the other hand, I would recommend the rainbow and caterpillar roll if you like a bunch of sushi and eel. (eel cause=bomb). Now on to my rant of this place. I guess it's not meant to be a negative but just a warning to those with bigger or hungry stomachs. This place has the TINIEST rolls ever. I swear the pictures of rolls on the menu are the actual size of the rolls. You eat one and you don't even feel it sitting in your stomach. I actually asked the waitress which of the rolls were the biggest. lol So yea, there you have it. It's a nice sushi place with fresh fish and good staff, but if you want value and bigger portions, I would look else where.
1	Would give 0 stars. Ordered over the phone after viewing website and menu. Strike one when I order ahead of time and go to a restaurant to pick up my order and it's not done. Strike 2 when I checked my bag to leave and all of my food was not in the bag. Strike 3, the plates we ordered were disgusting. The spicy tuna we ordered wasn't spicy, and really fishy tasting. Our squid salad also left very much to be desired and was extremely rubbery. I've had better squid salad for a fraction of the price at Teharu (the conveyor belt sushi place). It makes me wonder if they're just cooking up dead animals from the veterinarian's office next door.... The food was seriously that disgusting, I wouldn't be surprised.
5	Best sushi place in Gilbert.yes even over Otaku and Blue Wasabi
1	Place sucks. Took my order to go and saw the steamed rice looked old and yellow. Never going back to this place.
5	Best Sushi bar in East Valley. Owner seems very knowledgeable and makes specialsauce.  we ordered 2 rolls, chicken teriyaki and Tuna Salad. Everything was so fresh and delicious.
2	This place changed owners a couple of years ago. I went a couple of times after the owner change. The decor changed a little. Service was friendly but honestly everything was not nearly as good. I was pretty disappointed. Rice was too warm, rolls were falling apart & not the same, sashimi was not that good. I never came back. Oh well, it was great while it lasted.
4	Great little place in an out of the way shopping area. Easy to get in and out if your on lunch break. Nice lunch specials and don't forget the FREE appetizer deal here on Yelp! Fresh sushi, fast and friendly staff. A solid choice.
4	So, I have to be honest and say that I wasn't exactly stoked to eat at this place.  It shares a building with an automotive supply store and I thought for sure that I'd be losing my dinner faster than I ate it.  My husband suggested it because our usual spot had closed down and I was craving sushi.  "Let's go to Sushi Ave" was a phrase I was positive that I would regret...SURPRISE!  This place is great.  The first time we went we had amazing service and the food was good.  The second time we went, the service was amazing and the food was delicious.  I think that my only gripe would be that the rolls are huge and I had to google the appropriate way to eat large pieces; it's all or nothing, btw.  My favorite treat was at the end of the meal when they brought 1/2 an orange drizzled with chocolate and whipped cream.  Ugh, I'm hungry again...Sushi Ave is our new fav sushi place and I am so happy about that.
5	This is a excellent place.  I just went last night for Happy hour.  The happy hour menu was excellent.  The place must be a hidden gem very few patrons.   I think people are missing out best sushi place ever!  Excellent service and I will be returning!  Try the Pink lady, Tootsie roll, Ultimate CA roll and Las Vegas roll.  If you like dessert try the mouchi ice cream.
5	The first time I went to Sushi Ave, probably over a year ago now, the food was decent but the service, while polite, was very slow. Today, though, things are much different. First of all, the food has gone from decent to flippin' AWESOME! Can you say flavor? You might get bigger pieces of fish at other places, but the sushi here is excellently chilled (warm raw sushi freaks me out a little) and full of flavor. Unlike many sushi places in the Mesa area, they really have an excellent flavor to their rice, so you end up enjoying it rather than viewing it as filler to go with your fish. And that is as far as the food goes. THe service here has improved greatly, too - plus, the staff are super friendly, so if things do get a little slow, all you have to do is flag the waitress down and check on your order. That doesn't happen often, though - no more than the average business. The decor of the place has also improved - so, yeah, that might be a little silly, but the ambience of a place does make a great difference. My first time there, it was just green walls, black tables, no frills, nothing. And if you went into the bathroom, you were blinded by this hiddeous flourescent orange color that blinded you. Bathroom has been redone, they have adorable lanterns and parisols up on the walls overall, a great little place.My only word of caution is that the place honestly isn't that big. They do have a large table they set up and separate from the room with a screen if you have a bigger group, but if you have more than eight people.... it might be a tad crowded. This place is slighly on the cozy side. Not bad , though.Go for the Chirashi bowl!! it's delicious!! As are the Hawaiian roll and the volcano!
5	This is easily the best sushi I've found out here. My wife and I frequently visit and are never disappointed. The service is excellent and the sushi is well-prepared and tastes great! You really can't go wrong here.
4	This place was really great! The staff was super friendly and the sushi was phenomenal, the prices were also very good!
5	Great prices, yummy sushi. I love their California crunch roll with eel sauce and their Hawaiian chicken.
4	Hit up Sushi Ave on a Sat night, I lucked out and got the parking spot right in front! As soon as we walked in my wife and I were greeted by a server. She sat us at a table right int he middle along the wall. The place wasn't packed, but not empty, just the right amount of folks to instill confidence that this was a good place. By the time we were done with our meal, 3-4 parties had been seated. They had a TV on which had college football on, yes!The menu is pretty big, filled with many specialty rolls they have created. I tried the ASU Roll, Crunchy California, Shrimp Tempura, and Super Philly. All were good. The ASU Roll is similar to the Arizona Roll at House Modern Sushi, spicy sauce, and a jalepeno on top. It wasn't that hot flavor wise (maybe my headcold had something to do w/ that). The Super Philly is close to what they serve at Orient on Elliot, I added my own sriracha to it to up the flavor. My wife is pregnant so she had most of the cali and shrimp tempura roll, she had been craving some sushi and left me to eat the rolls w/ uncooked fish.Got edamame, came out nice and hot, not one cold bean and just the right amount of salt on top. I had some hot tea, it was okay, not sure what the blend was but something green. Service was attentive, got refills without having to flag someone down, and the food was brought out quickly after ordering since we beat the rush. With our bill, we also got an orange cut in half w/ some whipped cream and chocolate syrup, with two toothpicks to cleanse the palate. Enjoy when places do that, not all of them do. The owners (what I believe to be the owners) said "thank you!" loudly when we got up after eating. Glad to see we're noticed and they seemed to care about our business.Loved the music here - they were playing some cover songs of modern pop tracks which was fun.Will definitely be back since its pretty close to home.
4	The rolls are good, but they have a hard time getting your order right when you call in for carry out. I always order the same thing and they continually get it wrong to the point that I have started to just get different items because I know they will give me a "spicy salmon roll when I asked for a spicy salmon bowl" Over all they are good just don't call in
4	This place is so good I often come here just too get away from my Girl Friend who I hate so much . One day me and her had a huge argument and she said if you don't get me an engagement ring WE ARE DONE ! 20 min I Instagram her a picture of my self at sushi ave . enjoying some creamy Cali rolls :)
4	Really awesome sushi with a cool thing they have going on there. We enjoy this place greatly and will come back I'm sure many times! Great wife selection of sushi!
2	Sushi was mediocre. I do like their variety. Service was great. I just wish they'd work on one thing... My experience there was okay for my first time and the moment you step in to wash up its a nasty disappointment. I am huge on cleanliness and a restaurant should always have a clean restroom. If they can't maintain that for their customers and staff what's it to say about their kitchen? Just a thought. Not sure I'll ever go back. If they'd fix that issue it'd be a perfect little local spot.
2	Was craving sushi and wanted to try a new place.  It was average.. nothing special.  It's a bit pricey too for the quality.  Happy hour seems to have some decent prices though.  I ordered a beef tataki which is normally raw beef... we got some cooked up korean bbq pieces which threw me off, don't get me wrong it was good.  The sashimi: salmon & ono (white tuna) two cuts that are usually melt in your mouth perfection.. kinda chewy? Dragon roll is at most average.  Spent too much for what I got.
4	This really could have been a 5star and I will go back to give it a chance. Great food. I went at 5:20 on a Friday Eve which was perfect timing. Within 20 minutes, place was full. They had a happy hour menu with great priced rolls. I also got a special roll. The happy hour rolls were fabulous! The special roll was good. I got teriyaki chicken for the kids. This dish was good. They missed out on 5 stars because of wait times. They are hiring. Also, I had requested two refills for sodas but was brought one. "The other still has soda" which was odd. Great food, great price. Will try a different special next time.
2	We decided to give this place a shot because they have a good looking happy hour, and it's very close to our home. My sister said their veggie roll was good. It was, but everything else was a disappointment.There was only one other table occupied and a couple at the bar, yet our server was slow and forgot to bring out several items. Our sushi, something that relies on great presentation, was served on chipped white china. We're talking huge chips here. I can't believe they didn't throw the pieces out.The food was all pretty bad. I got the egg nigiri, and it was the worst I've ever had. How do you screw up what is essentially an omelette on rice? My husband liked his pink lady roll (not on happy hour), but the 4 other rolls and nigiri he downed only out of ravenous hunger.If you live in this area, stick with Sakana for well-priced decent sushi.
5	This has been our recent sushi spot! fresh fish (love the nigiri and the baked scallop roll)... great dishes fromthe kitchen (killer chicken wings appetizer and yummy yakisoba)! Great service and fast sushi prep! Our weekly sushi fix is satisfied x 10 at Sushi Ave
4	Nice local place with some interesting rolls you won't get at other places! My favorite was the tiger roll. We also liked their gyoza and tofu appetizer. Great service.. We plan on coming back!
4	I loved this place! The menu had pictures, which helped us pick out some tasty rolls! The New York roll was our fav!Friendly staff and a neat ambiance!We'll be back!
3	I'm not gonna lie the food here is good I have no problem with the food. The service is just way too slow. It's not even that they are bad it's just that it takes forever to get your food. The people are nice, but they def need some more servers or something. I wish that the food didn't take so long because it was actually pretty good.
2	Boring. Sushi is mediocre. Prices are expensive. Rolls are of low quality and limited on fish. Place is usually empty. Don't even know how they stay a float. The ambiance is clean and nice. Service was average. Really meh and not somewhere I would head back to unless prices were more reasonable.
4	Really enjoyed all of the rolls we tasted. Sushi was as great. It always make me sad the are only coke. :(. We had the Vegas, rolling tiger(yummy), spicy yellowtail, red lobster, ( this was our fav) dragon, baked scallop(this was our least fav) the tempura was very light and good. Thanks for a great meal sushi ave.
4	The sushi here was great!  Service could have been better but the food definitely made up for it.
4	Very friendly staff. Food was good. But pricey but maybe I'm not used to sushi prices yet. Presentation was great, cane it on a boat plate. We missed happy hour but it looked life good deals.
5	Wow, just got take out for the first time last night. Seaweed Salad, California Roll and Spicy Salmon Roll. The salad was fresh and delicious with a slight hint of heat. Very, very good. The rolls were both delicious as well. Very fresh and the rice was light and fluffy. The kind of sushi I like to close my eyes and enjoy while eating it. When I went to pick it up, I was surprised at how nice the restaurant was inside. It's just a tiny storefront next to an auto parts store. My wife and I will be going in soon to try more food.
3	I enjoyed my sushi rolls.  Staff was friendly and the place is clean and nice inside.
3	Stopped in on a late Saturday night, 25 min before closing to satisfy a sushi craving. Ordered a few appetizers, a few rolls and sashimi.  At best the food was average, rolls were loose and fell apart when "dipping" in the soy.  Service was good and attentive.  Was really surprised to find the tuna kinda chewy.  Pricing ....  Three rolls, 3 appetizers, three pieces of sashimi and a beer was over 70.00 without tip.  Nice touch with the pineapple and whipped cream desert (free).  So, in short, ok place for a sushi craving but just average for price and quality.
1	Not good. Ordered a spicy tuna roll; mostly rice, and cucumber. Quality was not good, sashimi was plain and presentation was terrible. I pulled up at noon, not one car in the lot, I was the only customer....
2	Ate at this place today.  The food was mediocre at best.  I got a salmon roll, yellow tail roll and another type of roll that I can't remember the name of right now since I have dementia already stetting in.  Anyways, each roll was not cut correctly - some pieces were very big and some pieces had where the rice was not entirely covered by seaweed because of the improper cutting.   The seaweed also tasted very unfresh. In addition, I ordered some three appetizers.   The first, appetizer was some roasted peppers.  Unfortunately, the description in the menu didn't match the taste.  The peppers were mostly tough and didn't have much taste, surprising for a pepper.  The second appetizer was a yellow tail collar.  The collar had an off taste indicating it was not fresh.  However, it wasn't all bad.  I got some tofu that was deep fried that was decent.  The only problem is that the tofu lost most of the crunchiness because it was swimming in some sauce.
5	We hadn't been here for a while but the food was excellent. The Tempura was delicious! The sushi rolls had awesome flavors and tasted very fresh. We will be going back soon!
