5	I got my first "MANicure" a couple weeks ago from Danielle which included a clear gel polish. I got a dozen comments and inquiries the next day at work. I can't wait for my next visit!
5	Perfectly Polished Nails is a cute little salon to get your nails done. Both Danielle and Becky work by appointment only and I personally love that because they make sure to schedule enough time for each client. Danielle has been doing my nails for a while now and I always come back because she does an excellent job and I never feel like I'm being rushed out of there. Perfectly Polished Nails is a perfect little salon.
5	I've been to Perfectly Polished Nails twice and both times it was great! Danielle is really friendly and easy to talk to. Her work is amazing and I look forward to going back in a few weeks.
5	I came to Perfectly Polished after purchasing a deal online. It is a small salon within a building with other small businesses. The girls have done a nice job of making it feel comfortable and clean in this small space.Danielle took very good care of me during my shellac manicure. She was in the process of purchasing a water cooler but did not stop doing my nails once to deal with the delivery guy, she actually made him wait. I found that to be a pleasant surprise! She was very attentive. I think the prices are reasonable and the best part is they do not re-use files or sanders. Clean!
5	What can I say? I LOVE this place! You cant beat the prices first of all. But the best thing is the quality and service. I have been going to Danielle for months now and wouldnt dream of going to any other salon. She is super nice, always willing to work around my schedule and she does amazing mani's and pedi's. She can do great designs and glitter ect that spice up the manicure and she is just as fab at the simple french manicure. I have recommended many of my girlfriends to her and they have all been repeat customers because Danielle is just that good! I always get the gel manicure and it has lasted up to two weeks every single time with out chipping. BEST NAIL SALON IN PHX!!!
5	I finally got to use my LS coupon. And I think I found my future go to place for manicure! Danielle did my nails. I was surprised to read there is another girl working, I thought there is only one. Nevermind that. I had coupon for gel manicure and parafin treatment. Best of all it was done in 40 minutes. And there wasn't even one sloppy or rushing move on her part. Danielle is very nice, welcoming, focused on work but still in the mood to chat just enough so it's not boring. I am extremely pleased with how she did my nails and I will definitely be back. And best of all, regular price for gel manicure is just $25!!!The only confusin thing might be to find the salon. It is located in the Total Image Beauty Plaza on East side of 7th St, just before B.Home. Once you find it, you'll keep going back for sure.
