5	Friendly Down to Earth Amazing artists with reasonable prices.
5	My family absolutly loves dante's. My mother was the first from my family to try Dante's after being reccomended to her by a family friend. Dante did lovely roses on her shoulders and made her first tattoo experience comfortable and fun. Unfortunately, Dante no longer does tattoos. Her daughter and son-in-law now run the shop. Anji is hilarious and ridiclously talented. Her husband, Ryan, did my sisters first tattoo, and my most recent pieces. They are a super duo/force to be reconed with. Friendly, professional, uber talented, clean, and some of the coolest people you will ever meet. i recommend them to everyone who asks where i get my work done. im always impressed with the results and its well worth the money. They do free touch ups for LIFE! take advantage of their awesomeness and do yourself a favor and check them out.
5	Very well kept and clean shop.  I love the fact that if something can not be done, they straight up tell you. ( a lady came into the shop asking for white flowers)  they told her that white is not meant to be the center color, only highlights.  It won't come out looking like it does on that white paper.  Great honest, and very friendly.  Will go to again and again.
5	This was my first tattoo done in Vegas so I chose Studio Tattoo based on the reviews I read here.  I had it done a few months ago and I've been very pleased with the results.  Anji did an awesome job and her and her husband have great personalities.  They are also very affordable as opposed to many of the places closer to the Strip that charge ridiculous prices.  I'm planning on getting another one soon and I'll be going back.  Highly recommend them!
5	They are amazing!! I got my first ever tattoo from Anji when I was 18 and she was awesome! Her work is impeccable, and I love the fact that she treats you like family. Their facility is clean and impressive, and they are seriously the best kept secret in las vegas. I would recommend them to anybody.
