4	Took a bachelor party crew for a Saturday afternoon of bruises and serious welts.  They have 2 fields..one small, one big but big was the only way to go for 12 guys.  Staff was very helpful in explaining everything to novices.  They really stress the safety aspect of it which is great if you wanted to bring teens to a place like this.  Just make sure to wear a sweatshirt if you don't want your bruises to last a month and clothes you don't care about!!
1	This was the "Worst" Paintball field I have ever been to. There are only two fields, very tiny. The fields were Nasty my shoes kept getting stuck it was like walking in mudd but worse. A few times i almost fell over trying to get my foot from being stuck. They do not clean up the left over paintballs, looks like the paint had been on the field for years. my husband normally slides but it was impossible to slide and move around. I was not impressed at all but because my boss paid for the entry and paint for us and its "Paintball" I still smiled and tried to make the best of it. The only thing i enjoyed about this place was the people, the staff was very nice and took an interest in getting to know you. honestly do not waste your time on this place pay the extra few bucks and go to xtreme paintball on craig or Pahrump paintball complex.
4	Had a great time with bachelor party of six guys! Rick and Mike took great care of us, and we had two hours of fun for $30 each. Only two miles fm the Strip, so easy cab ride.
5	I took my son and his friend there for my sons 11th birthday. We are first time paintballers and mike and his staff we extremely helpful in explaining how it all works. They answered all our questions with enthusiasm. We will definitely be back to Bonehead Paintball. To anyone who has little to no experience this is the place for you. Even the pros seemed to be having fun. I was considering buying some gear and mike took his time to show me all the different types of gear. When I didn't end up buying anything, I was treated with the same respect as when I was interested in buying.
5	Great experience, clear instruction and had a blast for my bachelor party!  I would recommend to anyone!
5	My first time paint balling, OMG i am such a FAN.  I think its like $25 or $26 for 500 paint pellets, Girls get FREE protective gear. (Girls have to their "girls")  Before you walk to the back area where the 2-fields are located you are provided w/ safety and instructions of paint balling.  Once behind the doors, there's a sitting area where you gear up and practice shooting your gun.  It's a warehouse w/ two separate rooms, all the staff was super helpful and the regulars even let us jump in on some of their practice runs. OUCH! indeed, those paint balls hurt like a MUG, we were bruised for about 2wks.  Even with the bruise, I will be back. Call me crazy, but this is a good place for a a 1st date hahahhaahaabut, this is only my opinion, try it out for yourself and form your own opinion of Bonehead Paintball
5	Excellent time with my kids and a family friend. Staff was great.  Helped out for free fixing a bolt for my kids gun without it he wouldn't be playing they let you bring in a cooler with drinks price was reasonable and seeing the kids have fun was priceless.  THANKS Bonehead Paintball for making this experience a Blast!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Did 3 hours of paintball with a 13 person bachelor party.  Staff was great and the games were wild.  The courses are small so be ready to get hit.  Would go again.
