3	Had breakfast at Rita's Kitchen (one of the new restaurants at Camelback Inn) on one of their soft opening days.The host was very warm and welcoming, and table service was very prompt and efficient. Coffee was a little too strong for my taste. However, the service staff made every effort to keep our glasses and mugs filled.My breakfast mates seemed very happy with their choices of Eggs Benedict (all came with a side of fruit). Even of of my friends ordered French Toast (which had cornflakes and almonds).The dining room is somewhat southwestern contemporary...almost too much for a restaurant with a name like Rita's Kitchen. It is somewhat too early to tell how this restaurant will do  at such an early stage. Nonetheless, the tasty food and gracious service are essential in predicting future success.
5	We had the most amazing breakfast buffet here while staying at the Camelback Inn. The restaurant is very beautiful, interesting glass fixture hanging thru out, rich dark woods, nice views of the patio. The buffet include omelets, the best hash brown potatoes in the world. Other food choices include juevos rancheros, fresh pastries, breads, bagels, muffins, bacon, sausage, cured meats, yogurts, fresh fruits, granola, cereal, etc. Service here is also amazing. I highly recommend Rita's for breakfast.
5	I've been here for brunch 3 times now, and it only gets better. The unlimited champagne is a requirement for brunch, but it actually tastes good. Most unlimited champagne brunches end up making me sick because the bubbly is vile....not this one. The food is amazing, the service is fantastic. The patio is great, with a live band and everything. Last time i was there, we sat for hours enjoying the atmosphere (and drinking champange, of course).
5	I was staying the Marriott Camelback Inn, so the restaurant was very convenient for us.   The breakfast buffet here was awesome!  The pancakes and omelets are cooked to perfection.  They offer so much variety and the fruit was the absolute best.  The lox was fresh and delicious. Being on vacation and having breakfast outside in perfect warm weather doesn't hurt either
5	Awesome! I went here on a very sunny Saturday morning, around 10AM. Upon driving up to the absolutely gorgeous Camelback Inn (not on Camelback Rd), I valet'ed the ride and walked in, and was seated right away. Had a great table by the fountain, and was luckily shaded by the umbrella from the ever-increasing AZ sunshine. The menu is not expansive, but I was able to decide on something I was looking forward to; the club sandwich 1/2 with small Caesar and Tortilla Soup. I got a lemonade to drink, and the lemonade ranks second only to the fantastic lemonade at The Orange Table. I really liked the presentation of the meal, with the three items served on the same rectangular plate. The service was excellent, and I couldn't help but be in a great mood. Kind of like when you are in a shitty mood and "Brown-Eyed Girl" by Van Morrison comes on the radio. As I walked back to the car and admired the beautiful view and landscaping of the Camelback Inn, I noted to myself that this would be a great place to take my Mom the next time she is in town. I started this review giving it four stars, but after writing this, I'm changing it to a fiver.
5	Wow!  Wow!  Wow!  We had our wedding weekend at Camelback Inn, so of course we enjoyed Rita's Kitchen several times.  Their brunch options are AMAZING!  I love the made to order waffles, pancakes (they'll add M&M's!), omelets, and french toast.  There's lots of fresh fruit and unlimited orange juice and coffee.  Prices are reasonable too!  The service is super attentive, the scenery gorgeous.They do have a pricey Sunday brunch, but we passed on that one....I can't wait to return with my husband to reminisce and enjoy some yummy food!
4	Loved the beet and goat cheese salad with grilled chicken. Great ambience and outdoor diining area complete with fire pits and live music. The R  bar connects to Rita's  and it is one of our favorite places to hang out.
5	One of my most favorite pleasures in my food life is Sunday Brunch. If you're looking for that amazing Hotel brunch buffet, this is the spot! I've been to a good amount of the fancy resort brunch buffets, but this one has the best spread, and for the best price. $60 per person (don't chock) get's you unlimited amount of fresh shell fish, Belgian Waffles, Pancakes and typical breakfast items, the most amazing Filet Mignon taco's, petite filets, shrimp scampi, unbelievable crab cakes, lamb chops, a huge spread of cheeses and dried fruits, and finally, an entire room dedicated to your sweet tooth! Honestly, I could keep going on, that is just a few of my favorite items! Each dish is constantly replaced- don't you hate it at the buffet when there is one scoop of hash browns left stuck to the side of the pan? Services is Marriott amazing, and I promise, if you are looking to gorge yourself and your family on a special occasion, do not overlook Camelback Inn! PS- the patio is gorgeous and they have nice live music throughout brunch!
3	Excellent breakfast selection and great dinner choices. I would recommend trying their crispy French toast for breakfast while sitting outdoors underneath the umbrellas with the Mummy Mountain scenic view! They also have yummy fish tacos and a nice artichoke appetizer to compliment your meal at dinner.
5	BEST. Sunday. Brunch. Ever. Their super pricey seasonal brunch does not start until October, so our experience was the $22 with the $8 unlimited champagne option. Best $30 I have ever spent! Our server was extremely nice and accommodating the entire time we were there which was from 10:30 until they closed around 1:00pm and even helped us move inside when it got too hot outside.  All of the food is insanely delicious. The man behind the counter will make you pancakes, waffles, omelets all any way you desire! The warm cheese blintzes are to die for. The fruit is super fresh and delicious too and I can not WAIT to go back when it cools off a bit and enjoy the delightful scenery surrounding the patio.
1	We were recently in Scottsdale to celebrate my wife's 50th birthday which happened to fall on Sunday, the 16th. We were with another couple who always said this was the best Sunday brunch in America, (better than the Broadmoor Hotel in Colorado Springs and others). We were excited about the birthday as well as the highly recommended brunch.Unfortunately, upon arrival, things went bad and never improved. We were seated at an outdoor table with a good view (one of the few positives), however, a circular pool of vomit was adjacent to one of our chairs. We had to ask for someone to come and clean it up. Instead of "I'm terribly sorry, let me seat you at another table," we just had to stand around the area and wait almost 10 minutes for the clean up to be completed.During the delay, I decided to explore the buffet and what was being offered to make it so expensive. I started at the first area (inside) and was greeted by the stifling smell of rotten fish. Perhaps, that was what made the last person so sick. Moving quickly past to the row of food items arranged outside (where the air was fresh), I asked to see the lamb chops and beef tenderloin, both of which were cooked beyond "well done." Even the prime rib was overcooked and dry. The cooked meats appeared just right for my in-laws from Oklahoma, but out of the question for anyone who typically orders medium-rare. French toast and other egg items appeared to have been pre-cooked, certainly not to order. The only edible item was the fresh tacos being made to order by an old Mexican woman.I returned to our table after the vomit was cleaned up, decided not to order the buffet and asked the waiter for a menu. My wife and the other couple opted for the buffet (against my recommendation). I waited at least 10 more minutes for the menu to come and the waiter disappeared again. Finally, I ordered a simple bacon cheeseburger and fries for which, again, I had to wait almost 25 minutes. I guess I was being punished for not ordering the overpriced, overcooked buffet!After we were through and left, I asked my wife how the tacos were (the ONLY thing she got from the buffet that she could eat). She said "fine, but hardly worth the price." I'm glad the other couple picked up the check as this was simply HORRIBLE food and a big disappointment! Do yourself a favor and skip the Sunday brunch at Rita's Cafe - no matter what people tell you.
5	To this day, all I can think about is their Shrimp Enchiladas. If you are going to order one thing from this restaurant, make it that. They come in a Fiestaware bowl...caked with a melt-in-your-mouth green Tomatillo sauce, topped with Sauza cheese. To make it even better, the inside has fresh shrimp, cooked just-right tortilla and topped with a fresh, crisp cabbage slaw (not mayo rich, just enough -- thinking they use sour cream instead?) So, I had this my first night and I could have eaten it for the next three nights while I was there. Heavenly.The outdoor patio is wonderful, relaxing and even though it was chilly, there were plenty of heat lamps and I was a bit jealous of the folks that nabbed the fire pit. Live music pretty much every night (I'm not the one to judge this considering I don't venture much into guitar cover band land.) Service was a bit flake the first night, but the the second time we dined there the waitress was top notch. I heard that local folks often eat there even if they aren't staying at the hotel and I could see why. It's a beautiful setting, relaxing and wonderful local flavors.P.S. Breakfast is good too! Opt for the al-a-cart breakfast if you're not a big eater in the mornings, the buffet seemed a tad much and overpriced for the amount of food you could actually eat from it. But, that's the American way!
5	This is THE PLACE for Sunday brunch.  The variety is amazing and the quality of food is top notch. The eggs benny are made to order and I  mentioned to the chef that I should have grabbed a crab cake in order to have crab cakes benny and he immediately sent a fellow to crab a cake and right away I had my crab cakes benny.   I was totally impressed.  I had the delicious lamb chops, prawns in some kind of garlic lemon sauce - very basic but very, very good.  There were salads galore, marinated mushrooms, etc.etc.  I could go on and on but there's just too much to list.  The desserts were so good, especially the Bananas Foster.  Had to split that, unfortunately.  My heart was willing but my stomach said, "no way!".It isn't inexpensive, by any means, but I suggest that one eat very little the previous day and nothing the day of the "feast".  It's a treat but you certainly leave feeling like you got your money's worth, or close to it, because it's hard to eat that much food as it is a bit on the pricey side.  Anyways, this is the brunch to attend and I will also mention that my vegetarian friends would find plenty to eat as well.  The service was second to none.  Great experience all around!
1	I can't believe anyone thinks this is the place for brunch! The food was ok, and the service was slow.  We arrived for Sunday Brunch booked on Open Table, and found out that booking brunch on Open Table actually gives you the "breakfast" buffet, which is really nothing special (the free hotel buffet at Hilton Garden Inn or Holiday Inn Express is just as good and fresh). You needed a steak knife to cut the over done sausages (Denny's has better pancakes and sausages at 1/8 the price). We got a great view with our table facing the door into the hotel, not the beautiful grounds (I guess they try and jam more tables in for the brunch). The breakfast buffet at the Westin Kierland is 100 times better than Rita's, with fresher food and a much better selection. The front staff was totally apathetic and showed very poor customer service training. They blamed me, not Open Table, for booking breakfast (even though I explained I clicked on the brunch category and link).
3	There's no disputing the beauty of the setting, but the club sandwich I had for lunch was ordinary at best.  At $15 it was overpriced.  Service, however, was wonderful, and I'll probably return.
4	Good food and great service. Of course, if you're staying in the camelback you'll most definitely have already been here.Warning, there is no Sunday brunch in the summer months!I recommend the tortilla soup, and don't get the soupy, salty enchiladas!
4	Rita's Kitchen does have great food. However, their brunch that is offered October through May only is overpriced. $59 a person plus tip. This place is a great place to do happy hour on Friday or Saturday night out on the large patio which is beautifully lit and has that romantic feel to it. It
4	Great breakfasts and dinners. I loved the huevos rancheros. The chocolate cookies for dessert are to die for. I'll definitely return!
4	I do love Rita's. The food is creative, fresh and generally delicious. Rita's is a lot of fun when the weather is cooler and you can dine out on the patio and listen to music on a Saturday night. I have had several items on the menu The tableside guacamole is great as are the vegetable tacos.  Service is hit or miss, and at times is a bit awkward but that has never stopped us from coming back. I have not tried their Sunday brunch, however it is on my list.
5	Well done food in a welcoming environment.  Despite the conference lunch crush, the staff was efficient and friendly with very minimal wait times.  I had the tortilla soup which was fantastic.
3	This is a $$$$ place. Great atmosphere and service at the Camelback Inn, but very pricy; $16 for a regular 2 egg breakfast that should be $6-7 anywhere else?
4	I'm a big fan of chips and salsa. The salsa tree was great. I'd go back just for that and the view. The guac was pretty good. My friends say the fish tacos were delicious but they assumed they were getting three as opposed to two. Although, the two tacos were packed with big pieces of fish. The drinks were great and Dennis the server was very attentive.
4	Definitely a restaurant that I'd go back to. My brother took us here while we were visiting him in town and the scenery was breathtaking, the service was fantastic (thanks to our awesome server Dennis) and the food was very good.We started with the guacamole and trio of salsas and all of us were super impressed with the flavor of both appetizers and the delicious chips.Moving on to the main course, I got a bleu cheese bacon burger, which was good - not the best I've ever had but certainly a good burger.As for the drinks, I had two different types of margaritas and enjoyed both. This is certainly a great place to enjoy the views and hang out with friends.
5	i was very impressed with this restaurant in paradise valley.  We had a wonderful dining experience.  The atmosphere was fabulous, sitting outside under the desert stars. Listening to some great live music on Wednesday night. Rita Rita margarita was smooth and the guacamole is made fresh.  the steak tacos were excellent with some great homemade tortillas.  i highly recommend this restaurant.
5	My friend had the idea to go to Rita's Kitchen on New Year's Day. I am not a big brunch buffet fan. It's usually a woeful disappointment at best and a waste of time and money. Rita's Kitchen was one of the best buffets I've ever experienced. Everything I tried was very fresh and high quality even at 1:45 in the afternoon. Never thought I'd say it, but the blackberries on the fruit bar were the highlight of my meal. Also had brie, manchego, salami, lox, grilled vegetables, prime rib, crab claws, shrimp cocktail and scampi, skirt steak, salad, and lots of champagne. Service was great, view of the mountains and location on the patio was fantastic. This was a memorable experience. I would strongly recommend Rita's to a friend and will return myself.
5	I don't give five stars lightly.  Rita's is a 5 star everything.  Dining in the Sunday sunshine, with a creative little trio playing in the background, an endless supply of coffee, and a waiter with a smile a yard long was a most pleasant way to spend time with friends.  Dine on the patio, you won't be disappointed.  My omelette was perfectly fluffy, filled with MY requested additions, my hubby's burger was possibly the best he'd ever had, and the fries were obviously hand cut and fried to nirvana.  We'll be back, Rita!!!!
3	I actually feel that three stars is a bit generous for this visit (1/15/12).  This could easily have been a five star review.  The setting is amazing.  The buffet, above average, and it included "bottomless" champagne or mimosas, which makes the $60/per person price tag hurt a little less.  There were countless options to indulge in...Outside they were offering perfect lamb chops, mini crab cakes, shrimp scampi, several fresh cooked fish options,\ delicious quesadillas and tacos, prime rib carving station.  In side we were greeted by a glorious meat and cheese selection, lox, fruit bar, cold seafood options including seared Ahi tuna, crab claws, shrimp and cocktail sauce. A breakfast station serving up made to order pancakes, eggs benedict, and omelets, a pastry stand and a selection of breakfast meats.  Lastly, an enormous selection of desserts including bananas foster made to order.  Sounds amazing, right?My problems with our experience at Rita's Kitchen had little to do with the food and everything to do with the service...and the birds, but I will get to that later.  The service started out great.  We placed our order, the four of us that ordered the buffet were served our mimosas and the other's were brought their coffee.  We visited the buffet and the meals from the regular menu were served.  Our beverages were topped off a couple of times and then our server seemed to disappear.  We actually had to wave him down (or someone else) if we needed anything.  This went on for the duration of our meal.  To top it all off, as plates were pre-bussed from tables, servers left them stacked at the bus station adjacent to our table. They did not clear the food so a large flock of obnoxious birds decided to feast on the remnants.  We were, literally, surrounded by birds; they dropped chunks of food on our table as the flew away, cackled so loudly that we could hardly think and to top it all of one of the birds relieved itself as it flew over us.  The load narrowly missed my friend, but ended up landing on the jacket hanging on the back of her chair.  Disgusting!  We were offered an extra cloth napkin to help clean up the mess, but not so much as an apology from the server or a manager.  Great food, questionable service, repulsive birds...
5	My go to place for a nice, relaxing dinner with great views, live music (every night) and a beutiful atmosphere/charm.  I bring  alot of out of town guests here, and they always love it.  It has an old Phoenix feel.  It is kid friendly, and all of the employees know our names.  We love to sit outside on a nice night, and have drinks at the firepit after dinner.  RELAXING!
4	Took my sis here when she was in town for a late lunch that happened to coincide with their happy hour.  We each had a glass of wine and a salad.  The salads are really good and the happy hour prices are definitely right.  The beautiful atmosphere was so relaxing and the waitress didn't rush us at all.  So peaceful and great to catch up with my sis in such a serene setting.
5	The tableside guacamole is delicious but pricey at 15 dollars. The salads are crisp and good. The 'tickled pink' (or something like that) cosmopolitan is delicious. The outdoor patio area is beautiful and comfortable. I would have happily sat back and had a few more drinks enjoying the beautiful day on the patio. We will return for chips and guacamole and pink cosmos! I love the Camelback Inn ambiance so I might be sort of biased.
5	Absolutely the best brunch buffet I have seen. The $60/person price tag was a bit scary but definitely worth it. The service is amazing and each server treats every guest as their own. The view is spectacular especially during the spring and summer when you can truly enjoy the beautiful weather and scenery. Live music on the weekends which certainly enhances the dining experience. I don't even know where to begin with the food! Inside there is an omlette station where the chef even prepares waffles, french toast and pancakes. There is bacon, sausage, hash browns and oatmeal along with cheese blintzes (heavenly with the accompaning strawberry sauce). Moving more towards the patio, there is a set up with an assortment of fresh cheeses and meats including, but not limited to, brie, goat, manchego, aged cheddar, smoked salmon, beef carpaccio and so on and so on. There is an array of fresh fruit including pineapple, rasberries, blackberries, strawberries, melons, grapes etc. The raw bar has blackened ahi, shrimp cocktail, snow crab claws and more. Outside, there is a prime rib carving station, fresh crab cakes, filet mignon medallions, swordfish, snapper, shrimp scampi and scallops. There is a pasta station where a woman mixes in desired toppings with a marinara or an alfredo sauce. Next to her a lovely woman makes homemade tortillas which she makes into quesadillas or tacos with fresh salsas and guacamole. Im sure there are many items that I am forgetting! Moving on to dessert, there is a chocolate fountain with fruits and cookies and rice krispies to dip! There is also ice cream and a made to order bananas foster station. There is also a setup of pastries and cheesecakes and cupcakes and more! Honestly this is one of my absolute favorite brunch spots, and my boyfriend and I truly enjoy every second of this amazing feast. Of course the bottomless mimosas dont hurt! For special occasions this is my go to choice, or for the relaxing sunday brunch date with a significant other or a group of friends, Rita's kitchen truly caters to every group!
5	This has to be my favorite buffet.  If you're looking for something like a casino buffet, this place is NOT it.  If you want quality food that won't make you feel like crap afterwards, then this is the place for you.  I took my family here for Sunday champagne brunch, and everyone left very happy and full.  There's a made-to-order eggs and omelette station, cheese and charcuterie, oatmeal/cereal, grilled veggies, salads, fruit, quesadilla and taco station, seafood and steak station, pasta station, and desserts galore!  Everything is so well made that you feel like you're eating at a gourmet restaurant instead of a buffet.  We got a seat by the window so we were able to enjoy the beautiful Arizona scenery too.
5	Rita's Kitchen is a hidden gem located right smack in the center of the Camelback Inn. While this may be a hot-spot for hotel guests, I think that locals might be missing out on its charm. I am a huge fan of anything the Camelback Inn does, especially since they offer live music and a great space for relaxation and Rita's Kitchen is no exception. This restaurant is airy and opens up to the spacious Camelback Inn patio where they play live music every night. Breakfast: Breakfast at Rita's is sublime and pretty reasonably priced. They offer a breakfast buffet for around $23 which includes eggs made to order (including omelets), pancakes, waffles, pastries, fresh fruit, bacon, sausage and hashbrowns. It's a great pick for a leisurely weekend breakfast. Just today was Mother's Day and while we only did the breakfast buffet, I did catch a glimpse of the Mother's Day brunch and holy moly do they know how to wow a crowd! Not only did they have stations set up all throughout the restaurant, patio and R-Bar, but they also had an extensive dessert area with build-your-own sundaes, freshly made cotton candy (in an old fashioned cotton candy maker) and a long dessert table with a chocolate fountain. Lunch:Lunch here is sublime and I also enjoy either the tacos or the chicken sandwich. The chicken sandwich is particularly a favorite of mine due to the cheese and sauce. The fries are tasty as well and you can either get sweet potato or regular. I also get sweet potato then regret not just getting the regular which are better in my mind. If the weather permits, sit on the patio and enjoy the beautiful water fountains, views of the mountain and tropical/desert setting.
3	Sixty dollars for brunch and they give you cheap snow crab instead of king crab like the Westin which is also much cheaper! I would rate it higher but for 60 dollars the quality should be better and truly 5 star!
2	Rita's/R bar was a somewhat disappointing experience. While the margaritas tasted great, the glasses were primarily full of ice and they weren't particularly strong. When paying 12 per I expect more. We ordered enchiladas and tacos which were decent but the guacamole was a let down. Hardly seasoned. When we asked for them to make it spicy they wanted to charge us another 2.50. It's a small sum but when you're staying at the premier resort in the area I don't expect to be nickel and dimed for a spoon of jalapenos. Not to mention who doesn't offer guacamole at varying spice levels? Long story short its a bit out of the way but the local places in old town are well worth the cab ride. But also be weary of the cab company the hotel will recommend. They too price gouge you. Have them call discount cab instead.
2	Got the buffet.  Decent selection.Crunchy French Toast...boring and under-seasoned.  $55 for 2 people is a little high for average breakfast.
3	My husband and I ate here for lunch as we were waiting for our room to be ready (we were checking in early).  The restaurant is very inviting and I liked the decor.  We had a great window seat the overlooked the outdoor terrace and the mountains in the background was lovely!    The hostess was very friends and our waiter was attentive and fairly personable.  I ordered the Beet & Goat Cheese salad with Grilled Chicken and it was quite good!  Even though I liked it very much, I would only give it a 3 out of 5 because they didn't use Roasted Beets...I believe that they were canned beets.   Still good, but roasted beets would have knocked it out of the park!  The salad had spinach, mild goat cheese, mandarin oranges, red onion, and delicious candied pecans....with a balsamic vinaigrette.  It was a very good salad.  I wished I had ordered the small serving though because it was a large salad!  The My Husband ordered the Grilled Chicken Sandwich with fries.  The fries were SO good!  The sandwich was equally good, but spicy from the roasted pablano that was on it.Net-net....it was a very good lunch, but I can only give it 3 stars because it cost us $40 for a salad, a sandwich, a soda (I had water),and gratuity.  For $40.00 for lunch, it should have been outstanding, not just very good.  I get that it's in a resort, but still.
4	Can't like loved the pork dish they had. Service was nice love the scene. It's a older crowd but don't take them lightly they were drinking margaritas like they were going outta style. The drinks were good. Wasn't to bad for kids either even though my 2yr old was a bit loud the live music drowned him out from other tables. I'd def go back.
4	Had dinner at Rita's last night on the patio following the Yelp Cocktail Society event.  I'm starting to become a bigger fan of resort restaurants.  Number one, they have gorgeous patios, Camelback Inn included, that exceed anything you find elsewhere.  Number two, nightly entertainment.  This comes with higher prices, but I'm already a fan before I even order.  But Rita's did not disappoint in that department either.At our server's suggestion, we ordered the fish tacos (mahi mahi) and chicken enchiladas.  The tacos ($15) were served with ranchero beans and a brown vegetable rice.  Okay, let's get the one negative out of the way.  The rice was terrible.  Dry, flavorless.  Yep, tasted like brown rice.  The tacos, made with house-made corn tortillas, were really tasty.  The fish was well-seasoned and perfectly cooked.  The beans were delicious.  But lucky for me, the best meal was the enchiladas drenched in red pasilla sauce, cotija cheese, and topped with a creamy slaw.  Best enchilada sauce ever.  However, at $17 for two enchiladas, might I suggest they include a side dish?  Preferably the beans.  And let's not forget to mention the warm chocolate cookies with ice cream.  Order it if offered.  You will only be disappointed you only get 3.We also had the chance to have the guacamole and the chips & salsa tree at the cocktail event.  The guacamole was really good, but seeing it for $15 on the menu, I don't know about that.  That's up there with paying $9 for a baked potato at a steak house.  I would, however, fork out the $7 for the chips & salsa which is served with four salsas.  The creamy verde was my favorite, but they were all good.As for the service.  Jacqueline was really exceptional.  There was a miscommunication on my husband's drink order (mostly his fault), but she quickly rectified it.  And then when he ordered a second old-fashioned, she took it upon herself to take the time to get it from the event bar, rather than the restaurant bar, so that he could have a second wax-dipped glass after noticing we had one sitting at the table.  She also offered to bring us a bag to take home all the stuff we accumulated during the evening.  Ten stars for Jacqueline!And now my friends, I must go eat my leftover enchilada.  All this talking about it...
4	You'll read a lot about trying the "Golden Gazpacho." Believe the buzz, it's delicious. Definitely worth eating at.
5	My new favorite place. Went there the first time this past week.  Won't be my last time.  There is a wide selection of margaritas and the wine was delicious.  big portion of food and it was delicious. The best part - sitting on the patio listening to live music and watching the fire pit!  This is the place to go whether on date night, a work night or whenever!    Camelback Inn is a beautiful resort.
3	Wow $60 per person for brunch. You better be drinking a few mimosas to make it worth it. Although the spread was impressive: crab claws, shrimp, sauteed scallops, fresh crab cakes, all kinds of cheese and bread, freshly made omlets, pancakes, and french toast, and a very impressive desert spread. The patio is great on a sunny day, complete with live music, and the grounds are great. Just make sure you're drinking to get your money's worth.
5	We ate out on the patio last night. The weather was gorgeous the band was terrific and the food was delicious. In my previous review I forgot to mention their margaritas. They are my favorite margs in town. They are expensive but I love the fresh lime juice. I had the special which was grouper fish with asparagus and mashed potatoes. It was very flavorful and nicely prepared. My friend ordered seafood tacos.
4	Excellent experience here!I highly recommend the shrimp enchilladas in green sauce as well as the carne asada tacos.Sit outside and enjoy the weather, live music and great atmosphere. The drinks are STRONG so be advised. Yes, it's expensive, know that before you go.
3	My husband made a reservation for Mothers Day, for four people. Myself, mother in-law, son, and husband walked in with excitement until we met the hostess and some guy seating everyone. We asked if we could sit outside and the guy snidely asks "Well did you request to sit outside on the reservation?" My husband responded with "No... there was no option to do that." Guy rudely responds with "well.. normally people request to be seated outside when making a reservation. And all of those tables are reserved for people who requested it." He started walking away... turns around and says "I'll seat you now." Mind you, he grabbed four menus ( my son is 4 years old and looks like it... no possible way you could mistake him for being able to read a menu), I asked him if we could have the kids menu with crayons... he stopped and freaking rolling his eyes right at me! I should have turned around and walked right out. Not a good first impression, I didn't want to spoil the morning so I went along with it. Oh and he sat us as far away from outside as possible, bypassing all of the tables near the patio, we were the third group in the restaurant... only two other tables were taken. Our waitress was really nice and attentive... kudos to her! The breakfast buffet was phenomenal, I would totally go back... except if I see that guy again I'd probably punch him in the throat.  I guess someone told him that my husband is a supervisor for Marriott because the guy came back a little while later to kiss some ass, asking how our meal was... we just ignored him until he went away. When we were done (an hour and fifteen minutes later) guess what? The restaurant was STILL nowhere near capacity. There should have been no problem for that jackass to seat us outside or near the patio, he just wanted to be a jerk.
5	One of the best Sunday brunches in AZ. Great selection from breakfast to full carving stations. Staff is very friendly. Our waitress Suzi was awesome! I'll post pics
5	I skipped the brunch and instead ordered Huevos Rancheros. So glad! It was great! Service was excellent. Plus sitting outside made the dinig experience A+. If I am ever in Scottsdale again, would definietly go here again.
4	Reasonably good and fairly prices southwestern small plates. Good happy hour selection, nice views if out on patio.  Come early to get seats.
5	Fantastic restaurant! Best table side guacamole in town. Great patio atmosphere & live jazz or 70s music. Fantastic beet salad, fish dishes, tacos, enchiladas, & blackberry hibiscus mojitos. One of the best brunches I've ever been to as well. Great service.
4	I joined a local friend here for dinner, and was very glad that she had recommended it. The food and service were excellent, and it was particularly fun having the (high quality) guacamole prepared fresh at our table. The hotel and grounds are also lovely, and I would have explored them a bit more thoroughly if  it hadn't been raining.
5	This review is overdue!  I'm sad to say that I don't remember the name of my server, but she was SO NICE.  I stopped by for lunch during a business trip, and I had some time to kill.  I ordered my lunch and a water with lemon.  The waitress was great about refilling my water and "making sure that I would stay hydrated".  It was really wonderful, and made me feel taken care of - kind of like a kid, but not in a childish way.  In a "I just care" kind of way.  She even prepared me a plastic to go cup of water with a lemon in it, and I refilled it all day long.I've actually been here twice (once for dinner and once for lunch). Everything is delicious.  Perfectly cooked, thoughtful, and fresh.  The margaritas are fantastic, and the guacamole is delicious.  I highly recommend coming here, even if you are not staying at the Camelback.
2	Atmosphere is amazing, absolutely beautiful location. The food was sub par. The tacos were soggy and the enchiladas were bland. I'll go back for drinks but I'll eat elsewhere.
3	When I was pondering where to go for a breakfast meeting a few weeks ago, my husband suggested choosing from one of the many local resort restaurants... It was a great idea, and I'm not sure why I didn't think of it on my own.  I took it and ran with it and headed to Rita's with Lindsey D.  Rita's was awesome for breakfast that day... we both found great parking spots and walked right in.  There was not a wait and the weather was perfect for us to dine alfresco.  Service was top notch and food was fabulous too!  And the best thing? They didn't seem to mind that we stayed after our meal to take advantage of their free wifi to work for a bit!  So why only three stars, you might be wondering?  Well, I had such a wonderful breakfast that day, that I ended up suggesting Rita's for a group dinner the following week, and I've since been back two more times; once for lunch and another time for dinner with my husband.  After those three additional visits, I can say that I still recommend Rita's for the following:*breakfast*drinks alfresco with a fabulous view*chips and tableside prepared guacamole*lunch if you don't mind paying a premium for the setting*a kid friendly environment*live music in the evenings 7 days a weekI find that while breakfast at Rita's is reasonably priced, lunch and dinner can get pricey and the food is really nothing to write home about.  I had a salad for lunch, a fish entree for one dinner, and the chicken tortilla soup at the other dinner.  I also sampled my husband's chicken wings and chicken entree.  If you go for lunch or dinner, Rita's Chopped Salad is tasty, but the entree portion is small... so is the starter portion, but I expected that from a starter.  I do not recommend the chicken tortilla soup, chicken wings, halibut, or chicken entree.  I'd probably go for a burger or tacos if I end up at Rita's for dinner in the future.If you care less about food quality and more about convenience, ambiance, the ability to reserve a table for a group, and/or a place that is kid-friendly... don't hesitate to head to Rita's.  I am indeed a fan of this local resort gem for the entire experience (save for some of the aforementioned menu items).  I'm sure I'll head back (likely for breakfast), but won't be rushing to Rita's for lunch or dinner anytime too soon.
4	I ordered the whole grain salad. Good stuff. Quinoa and the rest were good and the chicken is lightly seasoned to give it some extra flavor. What was actually awesome was their pulled pork soup which I actually stole a bite (then many more) from my wife. Wow! I would eat that soup every week!Warning though, we came in during lunch rush (1pm or so) and it must have taken 35-40 minutes to get our food. This place was packed and you could see that the food was coming out as quick as it could, but it's going to be a wait!!!
1	I can see where an off-season dinner in 95 degrees can cause an off night, but good staff will overcome. Have had pleasant meals at Rita's before, tonight's was horrible, even with the place nearly empty.Calamari appetizer arrived within minutes of ordering, took three bites, and our main plates arrived. Okay, the cooks are bored, but with this view, I really don't want to be rushed. No one asked if we wanted another drink, and no one filled water glasses until just before the check arrived. Did I mention it was 95 degrees? Food was nothing special, could do these enchiladas at home easily. Sorry, but the magic here is gone.
5	We came here and sat inside for dinner, then went outside afterward to have a drink.  This place has great outdoor patio seating, with views of the mountains with water fountains and cabanas (the outdoor area is shared with R Bar, which has a small menu of drinks and apps itself).  They also have live music on the patio, there was an acoustic band playing Beetles songs when we went.  I would definitely recommend sitting on the patio if it is nice outside.
1	My husband and I recently tried Rita's after so many friends raved about it. We were so so disappointed. The combined outside patio area with a group singing so loud we couldn't hear each other in a conversation. The food and Margaritas we fair, the constant fly's made it difficult to relax and enjoy the atmosphere. Not a fan.
1	Our first visit. Sat on the patio and after 10 long minutes had to flag a server. If not for a time crunch my guest and I would have left. Servers all appeared overwhelmed and less than friendly. Not acceptable for upscale Scottsdale establishment on a Friday night. Good management appears to be lacking and it's a shame as this location has all the ingredients to be 4-5 stars consistently.
5	We thoroughly enjoyed our dining experiences at Rita's. The breakfasts were our favorite. The huevos rancheros were some of the best we have ever eaten.The fresh fruit entry was gorgeous and enough for two. The service was cheerful and attentive. The only negative to eating outside were the pesky birds. They apparently love the food at Rita's, too!Our lunches and dinners were equally as delicious. We enjoyed the chicken enchiladas. Next time we visit the area, we will be sure to dine at Rita's (whether we are staying at the JW Marriott resort or a nearby property). Loved the food and the atmosphere!
3	The food was very good. The selection extensive and unlimited champagne was nice. The experience however was ruined by very inattentive service. Waited 15 minutes to first see the waitress let alone get a glass of water. Very infrequent with the champagne refills. I even had to get up and find her to ask for a clean fork and we cleared our own dirty dishes from the table between courses of the brunch.After my complaint the service got better. Shouldn't be treated like this in a place supposedly this nice.
5	Rita's kitchen has high quality, genuinely delicious food in a beautiful environment. The fajitas may be the best I've had and table side guac was better than the usual. Got to get the oaxacan chocolate cookies for desert, yeah they're amazing. Take a pleasant walk through the resort gardens after the meal. Very nice find.
2	Extremely nice staff!  But not nice enough to make up for the subpar service & mediocre food.  Cats, did I mention freaking stray cats?  As someone allergic cats I was immediately turned off.Ok, let's break down this visit.  Waitress was very nice, a little "green," but a complete sweetheart who seemed to try her best.  My warm water was never delivered, my daughter's drink was never refilled & she never offered condiments with my daughter's leftovers.  I feel bad for critiquing her because she was so nice but she has more to learn.  On a good note, they prebussed well.I ordered a chips & salsa tree.  Three out of the four were good but the guacamole/tomatillo salsa was missing something.  I thought there green salsa tasted store bought.  The chips weren't too salty & were nice & crispy.At this point, I'm pretty excited to try my shrimp & carne asada.  I'm thinking it's going to be amazing & I'll finally get to try elote.  (I was definitely curious about my husband's shrimp verdes enchiladas)Food comes & that's about the best thing I can say about it.  I looked at my corn & it was clearly drying out from sitting around a while.  There was a weird stabbed key lime on the plate as well, also dry.  The shrimp, all three of them were eh but cooked appropriately (all 3 of them).  The beans were pretty good but nothing that really stood out to me.  Ok the best letdown was the carne asada.  It was a thick slab of meat not thinner slices, which is more traditional.  I ordered it medium rare & it was delivered slightly overcooked.  I was pleased with the tenderness of the meat but the flavor just tasted burned.  I called it charburned instead of charbroiled.I asked for tortillas for my carne & she brought me three dried out tortillas that sat wrapped up so long they broke apart as i unrolled them.  I asked for more & they weren't much better.I tasted one bite of my husband's enchiladas & was disappointed to taste that it was covered with that horrible store bought tasting green salsa.  I did not return for another bite.I had high hopes for this place.  :/P.S. my tourist friends loved it.  Perhaps they just didn't know better.
3	The chicken tortilla soup was pretty good but the Rita's chop salad was very bland and uninteresting. Service was great though and the outside area has a great view of the mountains.
