5	Beautiful jewelery, great staff, great price.  They were so personal and took their time with me and got me very taken care of.  Totally recommend.
5	Great Customer service, Fast Repair.Diligently attends to details and pursues quality in accomplishing any jewelery tasks.A+
5	Wow, how can I give them anything less than a 5 star rating.  I came here since they are the closest jeweler to my home (without going to the mall) and I needed a watch battery.  Not only did they replace the battery while I waited which took all but less than 5 minutes but they only charged me $2.50!!!  No I am not kidding, they happened to have a special and I did not even ask them about any special let alone care about what the cost would be....I mean I needed a battery and did not want to go to the mall.  Wow, I tipped the guy 5 bucks because I felt like I was robbing him.  Anyway, it is a really new, clean, quiet little place with all kinds of watches and jewelry.  I asked if they fixed rings and earnings since my wife needs some stuff repaired.  We will most definitely be back.
5	Where do I begin?  A local area pawn shop recommended Radiant Jewelers to me because I was in need of getting my engagement ring rhodium plated; meaning I needed it dipped because the white gold was rubbing off. And I needed it to be all white gold again. They charged me $20!  So then I had my wedding band which was two toned, and I wanted that rhodium plated to match my engagement ring. I also needed a bracket replaced on the band. So I asked a jewelry store inside Arrowhead Mall; to do the rhodium plating and fix the bracket would have been $55 and up! Heck no! So I took the band into Radiant Jewelers.. it was less than $50.  Fast forward to today when I wanted a diamond from a ring set into my engagement ring, took it into them and it is less than $100. All I have to say is, I love their reasonable prices and the staff is always friendly and helpful.  They don't treat their customers like dollar signs. Plus they have fast repairs and excellent quality in their work.  They are now my jewelry store for all my engagement and wedding rings needs.
5	I have been going to Radiant Jewelers for quite some time, when they were located on 43rd and Bell, but was so happy when they moved into my neighborhood. These guys are wonderful! They can fix anything, make anything, replace batteries, and all their work is top quality and very reasonable. I have told quite a few of my friends about them. Its a very friendly store, so glad I found them!
5	I walked into this jeweler at 10 am and asked if they could remove a link from my watchband.  The man at the counter was able to take care of it immediately and only charged $5!  Very professional and personable.  I look forward to using this place for all of my jewelry repair issues in the future.
5	I brought some jewelry to Radiant - they put 2 loops on my charms & soldered my ring. Total Cost $123!! Exact same work Jared on Bell Rd quoted me was $460. I'll NEVER bring ANYTHING to Jared again!!! Radiant was professional, honest & did the work in 4 days!
