5	My family and I have had the opportunity to stay at this Quality Inn & Suites on a couple of occasions and we certainly will be return guests. Absolutely clean, quiet, and accommodating -- there are many other choices to stay the night in the Madison, Wisconsin area but for my money, I will first look to this location. The staff is friendly and ready to please. The facility is pet friendly. Wi-Fi is quick. And breakfast is huge! What more could you ask for?
2	I have no idea how this hotel could have not one but TWO five star ratings.It was in desperate need of an update.... my room needed not one, but two new non-tube TVs.  The room looked like something that would have the door kicked in by COPS and a film crew.  I wore sandals the entire time in the room because I was afraid of what was in the carpet.  It smelled of stale smoke.  The other people in the hotel (other guests, and the staff) were between business traveler and ultimate sketch.The room was booked for me, so I didn't have a say in the matter, but it was in decent walking distance to an interesting cigar bar (I'll save that for another story) and a few other decent restaurants and bars.  I'll also give it a star for bed comfort... it was better than I had expected.  The housekeeping also did a great job... my room was always picked and organized.I know there's not much in Fitchburg... but for the money, I would have rather stayed down the street (like in downtown Madison) and had a significantly better experience.Pro-Tip:  Any hotel that offers "The Ultimate Dining Package" probably sucks and is sketchy.
1	Toilet didn't work. Sink didn't work. They charged my credit card after saying they just needed it to hold the hotel not once, but twice. When I tried to get in contact with anyone it took 15 days for someone to call back. When I finally got a return call the general manager said, and I quote "we aren't interested in your business anyway! I'm not refunding any money unless you dispute it with your bank first, just so I don't have to deal with you." How does she know anything about me? She hasn't spoken to me, called me, apologized to me, tried to fix the situation, or given me back my money. This is costumer service? I am appalled. This is repugnant. I would not recommend a stay at their hotel to anyone. Ever. I am also contacting the better business bureau for an investigation. I wouldn't be surprised if they over charged all the time just to see who would and won't notice to make extra money. I am shocked that this kind of costumer service takes place. What is wrong with them???!!!
4	I have stayed here about half a dozen times for business and it's a great, convenient, and pleasant place to stay.  They are located near a grocery store, pub, Panera, pharmacy, Hallmark... etc.  There is also a restaurant in the hotel and a guests get a free drink coupon each night (at the front desk).  Good news, when I began staying here for business, there were tube televisions, now they have upgraded to flat screens and Direct TV.  The WIFI and breakfast are free (though due to work, I have only had breakfast in the hotel once).  The staff are nice and attentive, the only thing I am not fond of is the fan in the bathroom.  It automatically turns on with the light and it is very loud.  I can't hear the news in the morning (which is something I like to do).I will be back in a couple of months and if it is better or worse, I will update this review.
4	The service and hotel were nice. Free drink for the bar nearby for every night you stay, woohoo! The pool was closed because it was too cold but next time I will review that area too. The only bad thing is....TINY pillows. I really can't stand this small pillow phenomenon taking over all the hotels. :)
5	We switched from a 'competitor' to Quality in the middle of or stay in Madison.  The switch was the right choice for use because the Quality Inn was great!  The rooms were spacious and clean.  The pool and spa were great!  The expanded breakfast was delicious.  We had a great experience here.
