4	A carnivore's delight...virtual cornucopia of meat and more meat...most of it in sausage form of course...blood sausage, white sausage, hard-smoked sausage....this is the right place for the answer to those sausage cravingsIf you go...and you should go...have your cash ready ...the German Sausage Company closes early (5pm on weekdays) and doesn't take credit cards.You can also sample some of their sausages next door at the Black Forest Mill.
4	Two words - Das Boot!!For anyone that has seen BeerFest, you will know what I am referring to, and this little German Sausage lets you indulge your inner alcoholic movie character by allowing actual people to order Das Boot.Now, no human being really needs that much beer - I think its more for the thrill of drinking from a 3 foot glass boot (remember to turn it - another Beer Fest reference) however it is fun, and I watched two guys get sick trying.The beer got gross and warm, but the fun kept coming.  They had a fun band playing and we danced our asses off while eating soft pretzels dipped in cheese sauce and other supposed German delicacies.  We had a large group with us and they allowed us to rent out the front room next to the bar.  We had a great time and the staff was really nice.  However, I think someone stole das boot that night and for that I feel very bad for them - I mean, who needs a 3 foot boot anyway?
5	The first time I stepped into the store, I was hit by a wave of wonderful aromas that reminded me of growing up in Germany. The lunch meats, smoked hams, brats, blutwurst, etc are from authentic German recipes, and one can even get a real schnitzel here. The ladies behind the counter treat you like you would get treated in a store in Germany, and the store also offers a selection of foods imported from Germany. Jams, coffee, breads, dairy products like butter and quark, cookies, candy, canned goods, cooking and baking mixes.... If you have German recipes and haven't made them because you can't find the right ingredients, or if you just like good food, please pay this store a visit. You will be pleasantly surprised. But bring cash! No credit cards accepted. Or you could go next door to the Black Forest Mill to have your German meal prepared for you along with a German beer....
4	Great place to get some real good "Wurst", Kassler, Sauerkraut etc. I was like a kid in the candy store... :-) Be aware of the "German" opening hours and they only take cash or checks. They might be a little bit more expensive than TJ's or Basha's but they sell you the real German stuff!!! Looking forward to my next shopping trip - Oktoberfest here I come ;-).
4	This place is a treasure for having little treats from Germany that I really miss.  Jams, hazelnut wafers, dumpling mixes, and tons of little bottles of condiments to pair with sausages.  And oh boy the sausages are good!  There are so many different kinds that it makes it hard to only pick a few.
5	This place is a wonder.  All kinds of sausages, and meats.  I'm a real push over for smoked meat.  I especially like their lachs schinken which is smoked ham cut very thin.  Making soup?  Try it with a smoked pork haxen.  Another favorite is their fleisch salat.  But beware, the fleisch salat is put into a container without weighing so the price of each container may not be what you think it will be.....close but not exact.Great place and like all German butcher shops, it's closed on Monday.
5	Mmmmmmmmmmmmm.I can smell those brats simmering in beer & onions....ahhhhhhhSimply the best.
5	The German Sausage company is the closest thing we have to a big city charcuterie in Phoenix.  Our family has been enjoying their homemade ham, lyoner, bratwurst and smoked meats for 30 years.  Their prices are so much more reasonable than the grocery store deli counters and their products are always very fresh.  Walking through the door will immediately transport you to Europe!  Don't miss this Valley gem  - cash or check only just like the olden days!
5	So glad we found this place! Everything is fresh and tastes just like we get when we are in Germany! Walked out with some fresh warm pretzels last week too!  This is our number one place for authentic German meat.
5	Best German sausages that I ever had.  They taste the same as those that I had when I traveled to Germany.  And the best thing is that they will vacuum packed them so they can last for a month and taste just as fresh as long as you don't break the package.
4	Take home a little pastry for dessert!
5	I was raised in Germany... This place is as close to "home" as it gets! Try everything. The service is gracious.... Bring CASH!!! If the made cake that day, don't ask what it is, just buy it, it's going to be delicious!!!! Leberwurst (liver wurst) is fantastic, best I have had in the us! Every sausage tastes authentic and fresh! You won't regret it...
5	This place is awesome. We can't eat regular store bought brats anymore. Their potato salad is to die for as well.When you walk in you get a strong smell of....well something awesome and smokey and realize behind the register there are smoked something or others hanging right there in front of you. To the left are some grocery items as well as spietzle (sp?) and some other items. To the right is the deli counter that holds TONS of meats and other goodies as well as their brats. They have two kinds, from what I have seen, course ground and find ground I believe. I am not sure of the difference since we usually only get the fine ground white ones.They make limited portions of everything since its all fresh, so get there fast for the potato salad.This is our go to for grilling out and its always delicious.
5	This is a true phoenix treasure! The two sisters are very helpful, pleasant and business-like. Sometimes when they have meat just out of the smoker, they will offer a sample, or they'll toss in an end chub (wrapped) into your bag...it seems like they know you're going to rip into one of the other packages, if they don't! Come with cash & chose practically anything...sandwich meat, sausages or the uber yummy beer-case cheese!  Every time in, there are usually some Europeans shopping there which also validates the legitimacy of this fine establishment!
3	This is a very small shop.  The variety is limited.  But if you want German food this is one of the few options around.  They have seasoning packets for various dishes, plus some "raw" ingredients (like dried spaetzle, sauerkraut, etc).  A lot of that is imported from Germany.  And then they have their meat case with various German cold-cuts and sausages available.  I'm not sure where those are made.When we were there a German lady (speaking German) was ordering several items.  She apparently comes here all the time.  She gave us some advice on things to try.  So far we are liking most of what we bought.Be warned...cash or check only!  No credit or debit.  I had to deduct a star for that because cash is extremely inconvenient, and a lot of people don't carry much.  Also the hours on the sign at their door are wrong.  They closed at 5pm on Saturday, not 6pm.I plan to return from time to time to pick up some specialty items.
5	Nothing I love more than German sausage! And when it's authentic, I can't stop smiling - just standing in the store hearing orders in Deutsch sends me over the moon!! Today I just grabbed 2 wieners and 2 bratwurst as I patiently await my sauerkraut I've got brewing in my crock at home. Homemade cheese and cabbage soup with authentic fried wiener on top and I've got myself heaven. Have always wanted to stop in here and now I have a reason to make it a constant in my life!!
5	Amazing service, great German products (auch Zeitung auf Deutsch!) and the sausages were fantastic. You can tell when your business is appreciated, and they will be getting ours again soon!
4	We have driven by this place for years and have never stopped in...boy, were we missing out!  We picked out several items for a picnic and had a great feast - salami, bierwurst, swiss cheese, pretzel sticks, sparkling water and Haribo gummies.  The staff is so pleasant and helpful and the prices are very reasonable, but make sure you remember your cash...no credit cards accepted!I'll definitely be back for rouladen, potato dumplings, mustard, red cabbage and other tasty treats!
