3	Oil Change.Nothing fancy. Guys were nice enough. Didn't break anything. Even had my seat in the same position when I got it back. Basic Oil Change w/ Lube & Tire Rotation $24.95. Quality Castrol GTX oil standard. Synthetic Blend for $38.95, Full Synthetic $54.95Real thing to watch for if it comes around. Not Ted Wiens specific..."Peelers" some stranger may come in your office selling these.http://www.peeladeal.com/images/samples/prod_splash_fo.jpgWorth it. But that should be another review......web site: http://www.peeladeal.com/index.phpWith the Peelers coupons for Ted Wiens Tire & Auto, sticker for Oil Change saved $10. Out the door cost was $16.11. Scored!!Will I come back to this location. Sure. Unless I get a better coupon deal.Although I've been told the location at 7770 W.Cheyenne & Buffalo "is the place I trust" from someone. Ted Wiens has been around for 60 years, with a dozen locations citywide.web site: http://www.tedwiens.com/
5	***FOR CUSTOMER SERVICE ONLY*** I say speak to Brandon when you check in and out! I've been going here for years for basic oil changes, the service technicians tend to screw up here and there but the oil change is cheap($31.00 [get a punch card and it's $26.00] and they rotate your tires for free. Up until last Monday I would only go on Saturdays when I needed an oil change. But this one time I went during the week and received the BEST CUSTOMER SERVICE EXPERIENCE I have ever received at THIS PLACE. Not only was Brandon courteous and polite- he didn't bullshit me. I asked how long it would be w/out an apt - he said an hour- and an HOUR it was! at check out- he said "Your car looks great, just get a new air filter" PLAIN AND SIMPLE- whereas the other times the CHECK OUT GUY is always telling me whats wrong with my vehicle and always trying to sell me useless products or upgrades that I don't need (My car is brand new BTW). Only thing about this particular auto shop is that they always screw up something. One time they lost the air screw to my tire- this last time- they didn't put the hub cap on right and it came off while I was driving! But the only difference is that this time when I called Brandon and explained my situation- he was completely understanding and did not hesitate to replace my hub cap free of charge- PLAIN and SIMPLE- NO BULLSHIT. In the Auto business, mechanics/Techs never admit they're wrong nor do they take responsibility for their mistakes and then offer to pay- nothing is free. So I was very impressed on how well he handled the situation. BRAVO!
5	I've been in town for 32 years now and first was recommended to Ted Wiens in the early 1980's when they were downtown. At that time, they offered to 'knerl' the front spindles on my 1950 Chevy Pick-up to save me replacing them. It is that type of "save the customer money" that is still alive and well at this location at Decatur and Rancho. When you go, ask for Randy. He is the type of honest, hardworking mechanic that you just don't find everywhere. I've followed Randy thru a couple shops in our area in the last 10 years and now he is at Ted Wiens, Decatur and Rancho. I hope he stays here ! !  But if he doesn't...I'll track him down again. He is that good ! !
5	I am absolutely impressed with the service and quality of work at this place. They the issues with my car that two other shops were not able to fix. And they even spoke to my husband on the phone who was not able to be there himself, pretty 5-star if you ask me. I can go on and on about my experience at Ted Wiens but the bottom line is that this place is our new go-to auto shop, PERIOD!
5	I usually never review any site but in this case, I think it's worth it. I recently got my Oil Change and Wind Shield Wiper changed from this location. I usually go to the NorthEast Location and found these professional very helpful. It was friday and they were extremely busy but they still took me in even thou it was close to closing. I found this site's professionalism refreshing from the common places I've dealt with in the past. I will be returning to this location (Thou it's out of my way) just to receive such great service. Thank you gentlemen for such a great professionalism! Awesome Service.
1	I had my oil changed here with a coupon.  I have a newer car and the car was checked recently at a ford dealer.  They did an inspection for free and came back with several hundred $ of repairs.  Most marked as urgent.  Some people might fall for this old car repair ploy.  Get you in with a coupon, do the work cheap and then hit you with many questionable repairs.  Don't fall for it.  Beware!!!  As I was sitting there an older lady was hit with a large repair bill and paid them.  A younger fella was told his pan had a stripped drain plug.  He did not fall for it and told them to deal with it. as it was fine when he pulled in, no leaks.  I didn't stay to see the outcome but I hope he stuck to his guns. Mayber they do good work but their practices are absolutly questionable.
2	In a nutshell.  8 items marked urgent on their report. They found an oil leak, cudo's for that., unfortunatlly it was misdiagnosed and I am glad I didn't have them do the work. It would have been several hundred $ and the wrong item repaired. They said to replace the battery, it was checked, older but still ok other than some corrosion.   After posting the original review I was contacted by a supervisor.  That is why I am increasing my rating.  At least they cared enough to respond.   My opinion is that they may recommend repairs that are not needed or not as urgent as they lead you to believe.
4	Time flys when your having fun! Oddly enough I had a fun time getting my oil changed here!
5	This isn't even the closest Ted Wiens to my house, but the guys there are just so great I don't want to go anywhere else. They always do a great job of checking out the car, and are very helpful and realistic about maintenance and repairs. I've never felt like they were trying to pull one over on me there.The waiting room is also quite nice, with plenty of seats and free wi-fi. Best of all, they let me bring my dogs in with me while I wait. :)
1	This review is a bit late coming, but having seen the $20 for four oil change card guy come through my office complex today, it occurred to me I ought to get around to writing this.  Approximately six months ago, I took my wife's car in to get the oil changed with one of those cards.  Paid the difference for better oil since it's an older Toyota.Service guys come back with a few issues that are "urgent".  No big deal, most places do this.  One of those issues is that the oil pan is leaking, and they want to charge $75 to clean the bottom of the car and find out where it's coming from.  I decline, take the car home, pop it up on the ramps and take the pressure cleaner to it.  Oil is leaking from the drain bolt on the oil pan.  I touch it and it's about as loose as it can possibly be to still stay in the pan.  Tighten it up with a torque wrench and it's good to go.Hand loose oil pan bolts, really?  I understand you guys aren't making a whole lot off of the card there, but doing a terrible job and then trying to stick me for it is bs no matter what business you're in.  I will not do business with any Ted Wiens shop, and I've since warned any friends, family, and anyone around when the coupon card guy comes a calling to not do business with this company.
1	This used to be a good shop a few years ago.  Now, it is the kind of shop everyone worried about. The last 4 times we have taken our vehicles to this shop, we were informed that something broke as they were working on it.  The service rep gave us attitude when we questioned the "coincidence" each time. There are other quality shops around. Save yourself the money and frustration and go else where.
3	I bought a used truck thats about 19 years old and it probably wasn't started started for a few years. I knew it needed a lot of work, but for now all I needed was an oil change. I took it in and let them know what was going on and to just change the oil. I dropped the truck off at 11:00 am and it was ready until 1:45.....Wow! almost 3 hours to change the oil? I did request to have my brakes inspected but I didn't think it would be an additional 2+ hours. Even though it took quit a long time I feel they performed a thorough inspection and the service rep comped my oil change. They're a full service shop and have plenty of service techs working so I'm confidant they can fix just about anything. The waiting room is air conditioned, has TV, free coffee and free wifi. FYI, buy their promotional service card for $20 and you'll get 3 free oil changes.
3	I had a coupon for a free oil change, so I ventured out to Rancho and Decatur to cash in. I was told it would be 45 minutes to an hour. It was actually more than an hour and fifteen minutes. Tax was not included, but didn't amount to much more than two bucks. They also didn't try to up sale me to the next level, which was nice. Ozzie was friendly and informative, explaining what was done and what was recommended. He seems like a straight shooter. Even though it was free (basic oil change), I don't know if I would do it again. The savings wasn't worth the travel and wait time. The actual service and customer service was fine, but it did take a while. I certainly don't think that was due to mine being free, as they were genuinely busy. If they are convenient to you, it might be worth a shot.
5	I absolutely love the staff here ! Very helpful all around, Ozzie was awesome let me borrow a charger for my phone while I hung around and waited for them to finish up my car ! Of course automotive places tend to confuse you with a ton a fixes but they were upfront with the fixes I need which I truly appreciate ! Great job guys ! only place I go to from now on period !
2	Friendly staff. Had a free oil change offer so was using that. It just takes too long though. Feel bad saying that because great staff and good service but wouldn't recommend just for oil change. Had an "appt" for 3 pm car wasn't pulled around until 330. And I'm still waiting. As usual told me what else needs done to car but otherwise almost done. That was 15 mins ago. Free oil change only reason came here because wait time is too long.
