3	Went here on Saturday night to celebrate my friend's birthday. The club is ok (not a HUGE fan of the layout, getting to the VIP area was a bit awkward, but it isn't bad), the staff and patrons were nice enough, there were alot of people there, but I wasn't a big fan of the music. They played a wide range of music, which can either work FOR or AGAINST a club, but for some reason it just didn't really mesh for me. We would go out to the dance floor to dance to something with a nice beat, and then it would be replaced by something screechy or just not very good, in general. Since this is a relatively new place, I will try it again at some point to see if they have found their niche, but it will probably be a while before I go back.
3	Smashboxx is pretty fun most of the time. I thought the music was pretty decent and it always seems to be busy. That's a good thing.BUT, and this a big BUT for me: The staff at the door is incredibly rude. I've been here 3 times and every single time the guys at the door treat you like dirt. They talk down to you, act like you're stupid and are just unnecessarily rude. i know it's a club in Scottsdale, but I've been to fancier clubs and received much nicer treatment.i also hate the way the bathrooms are designed. Double lines for men and women that are very close to each other. Good for flirting I guess, just cramped and annoying.Overall, it's the attitude of the employees that keep me from visting this place more often. Biggest pro is no cover.
1	This is the cool new spot in Old Town...my friends constantly want to go there, the lines are huge, it's hip and modern inside. Just so you understand the vibe it is a big room with a bunch of tv's lining the dance floor playing the exact same thing on them with long lines and people who think they're way too cool. Oh, let's not forget about when I went for a friends birthday and we had bottle service, stepped outside (because Smashboxx couldn't provide a patio for people that don't like dancing to hang out) and then were not let back inside right away despite being promised because they were to capacity.So you charge people $250 for a bottle of vodka then try to wait us make 10 minutes in line AFTER already being inside and being promised to be let back in immediately. Not cool at all, that's when I left and have refused to go back.
2	I miss Howl at the Moon -- This has become an overpriced hip-hop club for pretty little punks. Rude staff and an obnoxious crowd. Seriously, this must have been paid for with a trust fund or two... IF you are over 25 DO NOT go here - EVER! If you are 19 and have a fake ID you will love it.
3	You know we came here late Friday night after visiting Patty's it was a lot of fun! you know it pays to know someone... so the door men were friendly, understanding when my friend got pushed around on the dance floor and didn't kick us out thankfully - can't agree with the rest of the reviews, but my friends and i had a blast - i kind of felt i was in a club somewhere out of the states... the music was great, atmosphere was great, and the drinks were flowing...so basically i had a great time and will probably be back again.
4	Went out to Smashboxx last Saturday night with a group of girls and we had a great time. The DJ was really good and there is a good amount of room to dance. The crowd was pretty good looking and fun. It's a little difficult to get a drink but the bartenders were friendly. We were told to go a little early because there's sometimes a long line, but I would definitely wait until 11 or 11:30 because it was a little dead before then.
5	I love Smashboxx and I hate Smashboxx. It is what it is though and I keep going back. I wish there wasn't a line most of the night that takes an hour. I wish the DJ repeated songs less often (after all most people stay longer than 30 minutes). The drinks are reasonably priced and you should definitely come in dancing mode. They play mainly hip hop, dance and top 20 with a little house music thrown in. Be prepared for flashing lights,
2	Given that Scottsdale is no Vegas, I'd have to say this place is alright.You have your typical douchy crowd with juice heads and chicks with fake boobs but then again where in Scottsdale don't you have that?Took it down a notch because I had to pay 3 bucks for a club soda with lime. Seriously? It's ok to encourage ONE sober driver. The music is fun. The bathrooms are well maintained but like I said, this is no Vegas club.
5	Smashboxx is a huge dance/rave club with crazy lights and plenty of girls. They always have different DJ's which is cool. Always some Coyotes, Cardinals guys I recognize and definitely some strippers I may or may not have seen at Pink lol. Overall pretty dope if you want to get hammered and dance
2	I heard that Smashboxx is the new it bar in Scottsdale and I really wanted to see what all the buzz was about. There is nothing special about this club it looks like a sports bar with a dance floor. Smashboxx is the new place to see and be seen but I'd rather go somewhere that has a better atmosphere.
4	Ok, I'm updating my review to be more fair.Last night, I went to Smashboxx. I think I now have a love/hate relationship with this place. The music wasn't so great last night. The DJ was a bit soft, and played some crappy music. I guess that happens.The crowd was the usual. I ended up going with a large group and we got bottle service. Last time, I paid through my nose for club sodas. This time around, not the case. Thankfully. I was sure to take care of the hot server. Not because she was hot. Because she took care of us.Also, be sure to tip the bathroom guy. One of the guys in our group did that, and we were able to get pretty much whatever we wanted from him. He has it all. Blowpops, condoms, gum, etc. Tip him. Tip him well.
1	Bad. Only good for 21 year olds and the creeps that want to stalk them. Tasteless interior and expensive drinks. Bad dj.
4	The good: Beautiful sexy ladies, great DJ and music, nice dance floor and affordable drinks.The bad: The line is not very long but takes very long to get in. That's messed up I saw people just leave the line and go next door. I understand it's part of how they do it keep the line long but we are paying customers! IF you don't want our money I know many places that would.Beside the long wait you are up for great time that's a fact. Been here many times and only other place I like is American Junkie.
5	Love this club!!!! Will definitely be back again
5	I went to Smashboxx on a Saturday night while visiting some friends in AZ for the weekend.  We got bottle service and proceeded to tear the roof off this place.As soon as we walk in, the VIP Manager, Mike greeted us and was super cool and friendly.  It was our first time there, and we were immediately treated like regulars.  The DJ was spinning some jams, our server was friendly, fast, and very accomodating.  We started off with 2 Geese (Bottles of Grey Goose, that is), and a bottle of Moet.  This is when things got out of control.When the Moet came, one of the bouncers approached me and offered a challenge.  He said "You ain't got no balls in yo sack if you don't spray that shit!".  I then commenced standing on the couch and giving the club a champagne shower.  Upon doing so, every bouncer in the immediate area came over to offer high fives.  It was like nothing I'd ever seen.  It was also convenient that the bottles are considerably cheaper than in San Diego, so that made the decision to pop 5 more bottles (giving one to the table next to us as an apology for spraying them) so easy.  We had a fucking blast.  Smashboxx had one of the coolest (if not THE coolest) staffs I've ever had the pleasure of partying with.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone partying in Scottsdale.My only regret is not leaving a video message in the Hotboxx.  Well, there's always next time...
4	I have to be in the right mood to come to Smashboxx but when I am it's a lot of fun.  It's definitely more of a club scene than anything else, this is where I come when "I just want to dance!"  It's really crowded and really loud but hey, sometimes that what you want when you're raging!  Just make sure that you put on some extra deodorant before you go becuase I guarantee you will be sweating due to the heat and the crazy dancing you will be influenced to do.  Your friends will appreciate it...
5	I really liked it.The music was very dance-technoish- electric on a Friday night.This made me very happy, as I can't stand hip hop or anything like it.The crowd seemed to be a lot of people like me, so yeah, I liked 'em.I'd totally go back here, before going to any other club in Old Town actually...
3	Bartenders are rude. The atmosphere is a little 'guido'-esk , the jams are mostly techno.  PACKED on weekends.  Still really fun because everyone is dancing.  Drinks are way overpriced.  The kind of place you go when you wanna party hard and get completely hammered.  Oh yeah- don't go if you wanna 'hang out' with your friends. this place is for dancing, WAY too loud to hear anyone even if you scream.
3	be really drunk. come past midnight.
5	I LOOOOOOOOVE ME SOME  SMASHBOXX!!!  Ya I know there are a lot of haters about these kind of places but Smashboxx will always have a special place in my heart.  You're either one of those bore "I only like dive bars" type people who hate it or you're like me who love to dance and get crazy and LOVE IT.  Almost everytime we are out in old town (which is a lot) we end up here.  In fact, I'll probably be here tonight.  Why?  House music, huge dance floor, usually good looking people, and of course the HOT BOXX!  I've noticed more recently the crowd is starting to get mildly more sketch but me and my friends will always love this place.  So many good times.  So many more to come.  wahhhwahhhaklxkljiuyrtmsuzlpth
4	Definitely a cool place. Unfortunately I was getting kind of tired by the time we made our way here, so I couldn't rock out to my full potential. The music was great, the vibe reminded me of a college night in Vegas (not a bad thing!) and I wish I would have stayed longer to get the full effect. But don't worry Smashboxx, we're not done yet.
4	Been here a few times. ALways packed. Last night we waited forever to get in because the live DJ. He was pretty good.. Almost saw a fight there..lol. Its like 4 a beer (bottle only). And like 5-7 a mix drink, which u wait 10mins for unless u do the scottsdale lean.
4	I have to say, when I first went here, I was not a big fan of this place. I thought it was all right. I didn't care for the crowd; it was super uber douche baggy. The music wasn't enough to make up for the crowd, but the drinks were. I did like a bartender, since he seemed to be one of the few that knew how to make a proper drink and the one to introduce me to to a pineapple mind eraser, which I have found to be a Scottsdale drink. I ordered a mind eraser when I was in Vegas, and was sorely disappointed; it was horrible and not at all the yumminess I had in Old Town, but that's another review.  Well since that first time, I was hesitant to go back there, but I was dragged back there on another night and was surprised. Yes, the crowd was still filled with the typical douche baggery and the Scottsdale Barbies, but found it to be a hell of a lot better than my first time. I love that it's a change from the usual places that play crappy music and it lets people get their dance on. The drinks are still yummy and strong. And it's now one of my go-to spots when I'm in the mood to dance. It's even better on Thursdays.
3	Smashboxx take over of the former Howl on the Moon space and its nightclub conversion is interesting. From the outside it seems like it's not large venue but once you walk in there's space. It might not be as spacious as other large(r) clubs in Old Town but the space is generous nonetheless. There's one looong bar tho with it's own space two steps above the dance floor and the booths that surround it. It reminds of the layout of a game I used to play on facebook, nightclub city or something... yea i know, lame. So the entrance is pretty a ramp down to the dance floor or steps, and if you go left there are steps to the dancefloor, turn left and you see the bar. I think the most unique feature of Smashboxx is its self named Hotboxx which is pretty much a photo/video booth set in the corner of the bar area. You can choose to make your photo/video public by signing off to the disclaimer or send a photo to yourself at no charge. It's like a club confessional box. lol. The music here is more of the non vocal type electronic music but of a better caliber than a club nearby. The DJ does a good job. The overall vibe is a college atmosphere, young crowd, yea there's your douches but that's a given. I just enjoy that there's an actual dance floor altho air is a premium. One con of Smashboxx is the lack of a patio, so for smoker fiends, not that awesome but still a good place to get your dance on! =)
2	Dear God, am I in Vegas? A scary, industrial park, rave-like Vegas? Nope. I'm in Smashboxx. Wanna know why we came AND even checked in (hence admitting we went to this gross place)? Because we were promised a check-in deal of champers! But I'll be damned, we were after the cut off time of 10:30pm and had to be subjected to waitresses wearing tutus and carrying massive glow sticks. If you enjoy music so loud you can't talk and a bunch of people just staring at each other or rolling balls, then yes, go to Smashboxx. If not, stay away.Needless to say, we booked it out of there and headed to calmer waters to the tune of a bar. Not making this mistake again.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE!Thank you for making our bachelorette party so memorable and our waitress was SO sweet. Loved the dance floor and the whole staff was amazing.
4	I just realized that I've been here quite often in the past few months when I am back in AZ. It seems like Smashboxx is the new Asian Old Town Scottsdale hotspot. Back in the old days, (when I was still underage) it used to be Myst (which has now officially been closed down). Then the Asian crowd slowly immersed into Axis/Radius and now it's Dollhouse and Smashboxx.All my friends hold their events here now because of the connections with the bartenders and club promoters. It's never ever crossed my mind to write a review about a nightclub...until now.This past weekend was probably the most fun I have had in a long time with all my friends. On top of that, the service was impeccable! The waitresses were HOTT and super sweet! They were helpful and not at all snobby. They were fun, energetic and made the atmosphere of our double birthday celebration even better! They were incredibly fast getting everyone drinks and we came as a huge group, so that says A LOT!We had about 30 people there and even got a VIP table with a COMPLIMENTARY bottle!! Of course, everyone also bought drinks because there was so many of us. Everyone who came before 11pm entered through the side VIP line which was great because the regular line is incredibly long around that time. It took us less than 5 min to get through the door. This is definitely a good venue for fun events with your friends. Kenny Wong is our go-to guy here and he's never let us down. Make sure you get in touch with him if you want to throw a party there. Have fun!
2	I almost gave this place three stars based on the DJ playing pretty good tunes, but the fact that I will never go back based on my experience, the two star wins out. Because really, meh. I have experienced better. Much better.My first experience was with a big group of girls for a friend's bachelorette party. We had gotten on the guest list, and were comped a round of drinks. We had a pretty good time despite how packed it was. Surely not my scene, but perfectly appropriate for a bachelorette party. It did not compel me to return, as I can pay significantly less than $12 for a vodka redbull elsewhere, minus the Jersey Shore cast lookalikes and with much less crowding. In hindsight, I think we would have had a good time no matter where we went, given the excitement of the group.Flash forward to my little sister's 21st birthday party. This seemed like the perfect choice. I got in touch with the promoter and got on the guest list for power hour (midnight on her 21st birthday). When we arrived at midnight as arranged, the bouncer informed us that not only did the guest list close at 11:30, we weren't on in in the first place. I explained, and he let us in mostly because it was my sister's birthday, but half of our group was still trying to find parking. When they arrived, they weren't let in, even though we explained they were part of our party. Only having two hours for my sister to enjoy her evening, this cut into it significantly. Frustrated with our experience, we decided to pack up and head elsewhere.One of the owners overheard us as we were about to walk out, and took us all back inside together. I was/am very grateful for that, but I am still bothered that it even came to that when I had prearranged our arrival days earlier. It took about half of our night dealing with that before we could really relax and enjoy ourselves, leaving us with an hour before closing time.Combine that with surly servers, who look constantly annoyed- one of which literally SHOVED my boyfriend in a less crowded area away from the dance floor as she made her way back to the bar. I've worked as a cocktail waitress in a nightclub myself, so I get having to be assertive and move people out of the way when you need to, but this was a) excessive and b) unnecessary given how not crowded it was where we were standing. I'm sorry but there's plenty of places in Scottsdale that I could be overpaying for drinks, I don't need snobby servers mistreating me or my crowd just because we're not paying $300 for a $24 bottle of Grey Goose and a table.
3	This is a great club but it's dirty. Drinks all over the place, bathrooms are disgusting, poor bar service and everyone is sweating on you. So naturally I go here often. There's usually a wait and luckily my friends always have a table which saves me time and scrutiny from bouncers since I don't usually wear skimpy -- or skanky depending on how judgmental you are -- outfits. This place defines hot mess. The music is great and it's a fun place to get trashed.
3	This was our second stop on our night out in Scottsdale.There was a long line and we waited for abour 10-15 minutes. A cat fight broke out while we waited. Interesting...Inside was not small, but not that big. It was super crowded and everyone was just dancing everywhere. There were an ample amount of seating, which was perfect for towards the end of the night. My friend & I saw a sign on at the bar... "No firearms in the bar!" Good to know.
3	I'm from San Diego and this did not leave me a good impression of Scottsdale. It's small and the DJ could not have sucked more. A slow song? Really??!! Gaps in between songs? !! Club tries to make up for it by dropping confetti.Pros: cheap drinks and i didn't pay cover
5	went to a bunch of clubs in Scottsdale and this was one of the better ones really had a blast here DJ was awesome, music was good, dance floor was bigger than most of the other clubs around only issue is the dance floor gets slippery so be careful!
4	This is legit place to hit up on the weekends. People really let loose here and get kind of sloppy actually. There is a lot of room to dance and usually they have a great DJ. The bar service kind of sucks to be honest, which is why I find myself usually ending my night here.
4	I'm not a "club" guy, so please take my review with a grain of salt.I spent a few hours here as part of a conference I recently attended.  The customer base was quite eclectic, ranging from early 20's to a few couples in their late 60's/early 70's!  Yes - possibly early 70's! (I have pics!).  Most of the guests were 30's/40's and looking to "mingle"....  Lots of upscale people looking to party, act stupid, and meet each other.The non-stop club style music makes it tough to chat, but hey, your not here to talk anyway!  We did bottle service that night and were treated very well.  No complaints - great club to check out.  To their credit, we were there on a Tuesday night and it was rocking after about 11:30.
2	Hmmm, good ole Scottsdale! It unfortunately didn't take long to see this particular area as a place pretending to be more than what it is. I don't know what's with this part of the greater Phoenix area but you'd swear they thought they were running at the same level as Vegas BUT without having what Vegas has!!!! Smashboxx is literally what the title implies....A BOX; I've been in studio apartments that almost match the size of this place so I don't know how it draws a crowd. On the west wall there's the ONE bar that lines the entire wall, it's dark, messy, it's horrible once the bar gets crowded.  The only way to the dance floor was ONE small set of steps from the bar (maybe there's another set on the other end?).The only way I saw getting to the restroom was to go onto the dance floor and through it which I've never saw before in a club (usually you have to get off the floor to even head in the direction of the bathrooms not be forced to walk through it.  Don't know what gets this place so much hype OTHER THAN its location in Scottsdale. If it were anywhere else I'd truly wonder if it would be anything talked about.PROS:Big CrowdDJ Was GoodStill Has Life To Draw In The Typical Club Age Crowd (21-27)!CONS:Poor LayoutToo Freaking SmallPretentious Crowd Mostly(Trying Too Hard To Be Celebs Walking Into A $100 Club When They're Not)
5	The DJs they get are really good, the staff is very friendly. I looked at the low reviews and noticed a couple patterns "My friends all want to go there, I don't get it." Maybe the nightlife isn't for you? Possibly consider having some fun?We love the Boxx!
5	My Favorite Spot in Old TownWe ususally go out to Martini Ranch or Junkie, but we wound up doing NYE out here becase our friends got a table I was very impressed with how friendly the staff was with how busy it was that night.The drinks aren't too expensive, and the bartenders are really hot!
3	I've been here a few times, and mostly have a good night. Their drinks are a bit over-priced, but the look and energy inside is always electric. The crowd is what you would expect for a Scottsdale club: a lot of people in their 20's looking to have fun and dance, some 30-40's reliving their youth, and a few grandpas looking to find that special trophy wife. It can be a bit annoying at times with ridiculous covers and long lines that don't seem to move. Also, on more than a few occasions I have dealt with pompous doormen... But, it's Scottsdale; it comes with the territory I suppose.
4	Place was packed on a Saturday night. Liked that there was a theme with the waitstaff wearing costumes. Too loud for conversation, but a great place to get out and dance!
2	I hate that I have to give this place below average because the staff was super nice but I must.  My husband and I purchased NYE tickets that costed us about $70. We had never been to this place but heard good things so we were really excited to see what it was all about. The interior was definitely not what I expected. It was really small--seemed even smaller than wild knight. The decoration looked older which threw me off-it definitely added to the ghettoness of the club. The drink prices were reasonable and the bartenders were fast to serve. There's no seating unless you purchase a table or sit at a counter located near the bar. This may be more of a critique on the dj than the club but the music was really bad. My husband and I enjoy electro music and the music just did not hit the spot for us. We eventually left Smashboxx to wild knight and paid another $100 entrance fee there for better music. I wouldn't go back to this club unless i knew the music was good.
3	I've been here several times and I'm still not a fan. The bouncers are rude unless you're a girl and everyone inside looks like drunken retards with glow sticks. I would only come back if free booze was involved!
5	This place is the fucking worst. You'll wait in a long line to get in, just to find that once you get inside it's full of trashy girls, douche bag bros, and ridiculously bad music. Drinks are impossible to get and way over priced.....oh wait it's $7 Bud Light night....chill
2	It's a nice venue but the music is played out and the girls are all stuck up.  Who goes to a club to just stand there with your over priced martini and stare down every girl you feel is your competition.  I showed them the Jersey attitude for sure!
3	This place is cool, it's not my kind of place.. but for what it is, its kinda cool. Its just a dance club with a bar. On the other side of the floor there is couches where those who wants to spend some to sit down can enjoy bottle service. The girls that cater to the bottle service always seem to have cute outfits and a smile on their face. This does contribute. The rest of the staff acts real well.. I have never seen a problem here. Pricewise I find it to be overpriced, but then again if paying for location (which we are) then to be downtown Scottsdale the owners knows what they are doing. This place could be outstanding with just a few improvements - but not bad as is. Not at all. As I said, this is not my kind of place.. but I know these kinds of places. The only negative I can say about this place is the music. It is way too much pop for even the average club-goer. I'd say less meek house, and more club-vibe.
4	I know I have a little club life in me. What can I say I enjoy music, dancing, and social drinking with friends! If you have ever gone out with me you know how crazy we get but we all end up having sooo much fun. Old Town Scottsdale was the first place I experienced once I turned 21. It's amazing. With bars/clubs all in one area where it is all a walking distance from one another. So if you've had a little too much to drink feel free to walk to your next fun spot or take a ride in those golf carts. Smashboxx is one of the clubs I've been too and it's a pretty nice spot, with great music, a decent size dance floor to unleash your dancing abilities. The bar area can be a little bit crowded at times which is the only downfall. It's pretty hard to be able to walk out of the bar area with your drink without spilling some of it. Therefore I learned to just down my drink there at the counter and then venture over to the dance floor. Overall it is not a bad place at all. If you have time and wants some Old Town night life go give this place a try.
3	Located next to Dollhouse, this is a pretty fun club.  However, I don't feel as comfortable here as it's next door neighbor.  The music is very good though and worth dropping in from time to time when I get bored at Dollhouse.  I don't know why they don't figure out a way to connect the two, they're so close.Drinks are normal club drink prices, expect to pay.Return Factor - 75%
4	I'm not really much of a club person I definitely prefer the bar scene but I must say that this is one of my favorite places to go out in Scottsdale. It's basically one of the closest things you're going to get to being in Vegas while actually being in Arizona. The music is awesome and it's a pretty good size. I got bottle service here for my birthday and it was legit, definitely recommend getting bottle service here and it's actually not too expensive if you go through the right people. They even have these glow stick things that my roommate and I were slightly obsessed with, there were definitely a few of those laying around our apartment. And smashboxx is perfect as far as location so you can even just come in for a little and not have to spend the entire night there if you don't want to. And they aren't super strict on like being dressed up or anything so you could definitely be at Hefe or something and then go here!
4	I've gone to smashboox on and off since it opened. It's a good place - I've been here when it is packed and when the staff outnumbered the patrons (awkward). The crowd is generally pretty good. I like electronic dance music so that is generally when I try to go (if I hear it playing when walking by).
2	I may not be the most qualified to write a review since I'm not a "clubber" but I have to say....Yucky.It was really hot, really crowded, and the security did nothing when some girl dropped her beer bottle on the dance floor sending suds and GLASS all over the place. I like being able to have my drink on the floor instead of being relegated to the bar area, but it wouldn't hurt to get those snazzy aluminum bottles for your Bud/light/Coors/light/MichUltra beers. We left because we didn't want to dance on glass...also I was over being groped and grinded (ground? hmm..) on by Doodz. Not my kinda place but I'm glad I know now.
4	Great place to go to especially on the weekends, Thursdays, Fridays, and Saturdays.  Line can be long, but if you know people, you can pretty much just get in before other people.
4	Went here over the summer to visit my father.  This place was pretty small.  There was a photo booth or something located near the back where i guess drunkards mostly used to make out or something.  The bathroom right near it was relatively clean tooAs for the crowds, being so used to Asian crowds, it felt a little weird being at this club.  It still had a good atmosphere though.  The girls here were cute and everyone seemed pretty friendly.  Some guy even let us into his VIP area and drink and watch the girls dance.  My brother had a blast here and got too ratchet and we had to eventually leave.  he had too much to drink and just started to get wayyyyy too crazy.The bouncers here are awesome.  he was a big balded fellow.  Even though my brother was so crazy, the bouncer was still nice and treated my brother with respect.  He didn't give us any hassle or try to fight us like many club bouncers in California try to do.Service:The bartender was extremely sweet.  She knew my brother was drunk and she genuinely kept asking if my brother was OK.  Props to her for caring about the guests.  Somehow my brother managed to get a drink from someone and the bartender eyed me and asked if i could drink it for my brother.  The bar area moved fast and drinks were easily accessible.
1	This place reeks of sweat and urine the SECOND you walk into the doors.  Inside it's dark, dingy and ghetto. There was no room to dance or to get drinks without being bumped into every couple of seconds.  The clientele are young and annoying.  I would never come here again.
4	I'd say it's great but not the best. It has the large dance floor, the long bar, the tables for reservations, electronic music, the dark atmosphere with colorful lights - but what it's missing is a place for conversation in case you can't afford the tables. It needs an outdoor area with tables too. It's the classic club, when you think of "club" this is exactly what comes to mind.What I especially like about this place is the crowd it attracts. Lots of of people in their twenties whereas many other places have older crowds in old town. Not a bad thing, just when you're in your twenties, that's what you want to hang around with. Also, there's a variety of ethnicities and there's a balance of males and females, another rarity in old town. Seems I forgot, there's also go-go dancers and hot staff!
5	Big fan of this club!  Since its inception, I have been going there and ultimately decided to throw my birthday party there.  Best part of the evening is when they do one of their signature bottle service presentations...it's like being Vegas!  The electronic dance music is always on point.  They have a very reasonably priced bottle service selection and are very accommodating to groups.  The staff was and continues to be some of the friendliest in Old Town.
5	I'll keep it short and simple, I LOVE this place...by far the most fun...once you get to know the staff and bartenders they are some of the funniest and sweetest people. They book great talent and bring some heavy hitting DJs. Just watch out for the bartender Scott...he likes to promote Patron shots :) (Not A Bad Thing)
5	I've played at different clubs all across the country and this has to be one of my top 10 favorites. Not because of the club itself, but the people... The people that go here go OFF.Apparently this spot used to be called "The Rave Cave" - it certainly lived up to that when I was there.
4	We all love to hate on Smash but let's be honest, I always have an amazing time here.   It's probably due to my ridiculously fun friends, but there's just no way around it, Smashboxx is a good time.  If you hate house music and lasers give you a headache, well, don't come here!  If a rowdy dude spills your drink on your hair and you want to cry, don't come here!  If you like to down vodka redbulls and dance with your hands in the air, come here!I do think the place has gone a bit downhill since the *glory days* of 2011, or maybe my friends and I have just gotten too old, but we'd rather not find out.Now go smash that boxx - you know you want to.
5	How the heck have I never written a review for the boxx? How do I rate this place? At times I want to give it a -17 because I can't believe I let myself get roped into this dungeon of a hellhole. But then other times, it's a definite 5 star all around because you just danced your ass off  and you're def not mad at it. I don't think I would ever plan to start my night off at Smash but I def have countless stories of somehow ending up there to close out the night. When you see someone check in here on any night you know it's rage time. You don't just casually walk into this place for a drink and little dancing. You come here to get fucking weird. This is where your memories come to die and your black outs thrive. Turnt up to new level. I would definitely not recommend you come here if you're faint at heart or are prone to seizures. I probably wouldn't recommend ladies coming here unless you're in a big group. I would never do a girl's night here to prowl for men because I think the only ones I've ever seen were questionable...my company excluded. obvi. I have such a love hate relationship with this shit hole. I hate that I love to come here. And every time I do, I don't regret it. I dance my face off and make great life decisions. Extra point because I came here once and somehow my ratchet self lost my wallet. They found it and the VIP manager or whatever looked me up on Facebook to tell me it was there. So legit.
4	I love coming here on the weekends. The layout and sound system is great and everyone is into the EDM music atmosphere. The placement of everything feels great and there is plenty of room at the bar to hang out and have drinks. Only drawbacks are occasional overcrowding and a lack of big name performers.
5	SmashBoxx kills the game every time I'm there... See Sierra for drinks @ the bar, she keeps things Stiff & Sexy!! Or grab bottle service and have Betty be your bad b*tch for the night!! Come dance your pants off w/ me!!
4	3.5 stars. I dont particularly like the venue itself because it is on the smaller side but I have enjoyed the crowd and music everytime. My favorite dj I saw here was dj tranzit. The sound system was great and everyone was there to have a good time. I would most likely go back next time im in scottsdale.
5	amazing sound system, such a live vibe, friendly staff, and great talent always booked :) my weekend get away spot to have some drinks with friends and dance.
