5	This is great i got the roasted pork lechon belly omg delicous.. Amazing... So happy its right across the street
5	Prepared to be wowed when your plates of these Filipino dishes are set in front of you. I wasn't expecting my simple entree order of bbq beef skewers with garlic Java rice to come so nicely plated on a banana leaf. It also included a little side of papaya relish (Atsara). And the prices are insanely low for these dishes taken to another level. The elderly lady I held the door for as she went out looked at me and nodded and said Ma Sarap!! That's  good stamp of approval right there! She was right! My meal was really good! New Owners!The former bbq  place Full House BBQ has been transformed! It's now Full House BBQ...House of Manila Cuisine. Yes Filipino food with some bbq items thrown in!  Chef Alex and his team is behind all the cooking. He held the executive chef position over at Golden Nugget, but now this is his place along with the new cowners a family who moved here from the PI couple months ago. It's limited menu for now but what they offer tasted awesome! Location Smiths Shopping Center corner of Maryland/Silverardo. Your visual cue Cici's Pizza..Tokyo Discount. It's right between those two places.  Along with my entree, I also ordered:Siopao: (aka steamed pork buns, Manapua) is one of their featured items and made in house!  Breading just  fluffy enough to hold the filling. It's steaming hot when you cut into it, so becareful! The filling is packed with diced bbq pork asado mixed with a sweet hoisin sauce and they give you a little cup of hoisin sauce on the side for dipping too. This really could be a meal itself or a midday snack it's that filling. Lumpiang Sariwa: The Lumpia appetizier I ordered  was more like a crepe with fresh wrapper filled with fresh sliced veggies! Loved this! It was topped with diced peanuts and garlic with some type of sweet sauce on the bottom. Hecka good!  Mami:  Another specialty of this restaurant and it's advertised as "create your own soup"  ..Choose a Noodle [thin wonton/rice noodle/wide egg noodle] Choose Your Topping [shrimp&pork wonton/soy chicken/beef stew/meatballs/fishballs] one topping sets you back $4.99! I requested an hard boiled egg to add to mine too. That's my creation ;)  Warning: It comes in a BIG bowl! The broth was flavorful and the noodles were al dente.  The way I like my Mami! Turon: It's glazed w/ jackfruit and brown sugar and filled with sweet banana (Turon) and pieces of jackfruit. Everyone was really friendly, my order(s) came out in a timely manner.For being a new place, it sure was fairly busy! The dining area felt spacious, says it seats 45 ...just go up to counter and they'll seat you if you are dining in.  Or you can order take out too.  Ambiance - felt more hip with the modern interior with clean lines. Even the dishes used are nicer quality.They are adding more items to the menu. Kare Kare is one of them. So of course Im giving this place 5 stars right off the bat.  Everything is cooked to order. That alone is a big plus for me.  Also you will surely get more than your monies worth here and leave with a full and happy belly!
1	I paid over $2.50 for an order of taho. It was served in a small to go container, not a drink container. I placed the contents in a measuring cup and it was barely 6 oz. The worst part is on our first visit, they used a drink container. No wonder the place was empty. No offering of any kind of excuse. Terrible and NEVER AGAIN will I go there.
5	Can't get any better than their comfort foods from back home! I support all Filipinos making it big in Vegas!
5	This is a great place to showcase filipino food which is the next big thing.. Customer service is awesome the lady of the house is Era she makes sure that everything is to your liking.. She is very hospitable you'll feel like you are in a filipino home. The chef is very likeable and courteous he takes time to say hello to people when he is not busy. He worked in one of the biggest hotel here in Las vegas.. The food is excellent. It is affordable and the place is always clean.. I love the pork belly,mami and siopao.
5	Awesome food, very good service and nice restaurant. I left very satisfied. Will definitely be back.
4	This is a great place to take your family for delicious and different from the norm food. Excellent appetizers pared with one or two entrees will feed a family of four and the prices are less than any comparable place. Siopao's aren't on the regular menu but they've got em. Recommend the roasted chicken meal for kids if they aren't keen on varied flavors. Our service was prompt and the appetizers came quickly. Lots of people here today for lunch. Our previous visit was a to go order that was filled in approx 10 minutes. So it seems to me that the service here is reasonably quick. Nice place.  The restrooms were clean and nice with a coat rack even.
2	Was just okay bbq was kinda bland and undercooked chicken inasal was good but portions are very small also got fresh lumpia not as good as goldilocks wud come back here maybe to try their mami n siopao as a snack but if your looking for a meal your better of at other point point joints, when we left this place we were still hungry.
5	Considering how most other Filipino restaurants are, this one is a notch above.Unlike most local Filipino places, the food isn't in heated trays, and instead you order off a menu, and your food is freshly cooked.The decor of the restaurant is simple and pleasing to the eye, and very presentable (also unlike most Filipino restaurants).The menu is good, but it should be noted that the menu isn't Fil-am, but more traditional Filipino.  Not a down point, or an up point, just a point.We had the Tokwa at Baboy, Arroz Caldo, Chicken Mami, and Inasal, and they were all good, and of a very good portion.I actually want to go back sometime to go try their 1/2 lb siopao.
4	First off we were greeted by female owner (I think). She's very friendly and was super excited to describe her menu to us. She pointed out the apps and what they were. She recommend the shanghai lumping which were VERY good. We decided on the arroz Caldo porridge and my husband loved it. The lechon was YUMMY!! The sauce was fantastic! We also ordered the pancit Palabok. All of which came out on banana leaves! Very good and very reasonably priced!! We would definitely come back.
5	Highly recommended Filipino food restaurant! Food is good and fresh. Family owned and the cook is very friendly.
5	One of a kind filipino restaurant. I love that they focus on barbecue food and not like other normal filipino restaurants that offer everything and you get confused what to order. Also refreshing to see that they don't just show TFC. We had fish balls for appetizer, chicken, pork, beef barbecue, pork belly, pansit palabok and bangus. Everything was really tasty! Unlimited sago gulaman definitely a plus!Our server Kyn was super adorable and helpful. Loved how jolly he was and passionate at what he does. The owner and staff were all genuinely nice, friendly, and everyone had great customer service. Will be coming back to try the others on the menu specially the beef mami and boodle boat. Can't wait!
4	Verdict: Good Filipino food, definitely not overly oily like other places around town and good service as well. I left wishing there was a little bit more to the menu though. The fish balls, pork belly, BBQ chicken skewers, fried tofu with pork and spiced vinegar, and java rice were simply amazing. Rich in flavor, moist and juicy, with very little oil and perfectly cooked--I'll be back especially for these dishes!
5	Excellent customer service when you first walk in. Immediately greeted by the workers. The food is pretty awesome. We ordered the veggie lumpia, sisig , beef steak, and the lechon belly! Super yummy! I would DEFINETELY go back! Prices are very affordable for the quality!
4	This is actually my second visit to this place and so far, this by far is my favorite spot for local Filipino food! And its only a block away from my house!! Wooohoooo! Lumpiang sariwa is on point!  The flavor,  texture of the wrap is hands down the best I've had. Roasted pork belly ( lechon kawali.)  I have to say, it's better than the ones I've had in this town which carries so many Filipino restaurants that are over priced yet, this place delivers with every damn bite! Located just 1/4 mile off of Silverado ranch and Maryland parkway... I will for sure be back for sure,  most likely on my days off...
5	Recently just dined here with my mom. The food was really good for a good price. My mom is from the Philippines and says it's just like home. The food wasn't fatty and oily. It was a very clean and sanitary place with a friendly staff. I would highly recommend this Filipino restaurant. Good food. Good prices. Good people. Why wouldn't you go here?
5	Amazing. My first time here i was greeted by a nice lady who appeared to be the owner. She explained the menu to me perfectly. I dare you to find a nicer person to represent your business. I ordered the pork belly (7.99) and the beef skewer. The pork belly was insanely good. Came with a perfect sauce and she included this vinegar spicy garlic sauce that was incredible. Finally, an authentic filipino place delivering perfect food at perfect prices. We need to make this place successful so they never leave.
5	I was really surprised this place opened up in my area of LV.I was having an Asian food craving (as i always do) and was heading to the Thai restaurant that is in the same plaza. As i turned in I saw the bright red decor and the sign Full House BBQ. I slowly passed and I saw Filipino food names and I immediately got excited.I do feel that Filipino American cuisine is the late comer in the Asian American food culture--but hey at least it is here and it will only get better.So first I walked in a was greeted by the titas that work there. I was seated and looked at the menu. I was really impressed as I saw childhood favorites such as tokwat baboy, palabok, pinapaitan, and among other things. This was no Panda Express for Filipino food, this was legit Filipino food served in fine dining style. I order the tokwat baboy as my starter and the Lechon plate with java rice. Soooo juicey and so good! The baboy (pork) with the Tokwa (tofu) was not chewy, it was tender and well cooked and had the flavors that my dad use to make.The lechon plate with the java rice was the delicious meal. The pork belly was well cooked and had the "oh-so good" fatty parts that lechon is usually popular for along with the crunchy skin. The java rice have the right garlic flavor to accompany the pork. I also like how the place had the condiments ready on the table where I automatically put the spicy vinegar and chili sauce on my pork belly lechon.Definitely a fan. I will take my mom here when she visits LV.I want to try their Mami soups too.
5	It is very difficult to find delicious and different Filipino food anywhere. Typically they're all the same no matter where you go and they'll just satisfy your Filipino food fix. A co worker of mine told me about this place and it was right in my old neighborhood. I went to check it out before there was any hype and man let me tell you I was blown away. They have a variety of Filipino favorites that we all grew up eating but the way this chef prepared the food was anything but ordinary. I had the Lechon and it was to my delight that the meat to fat ratio was perfect. It was cooked so it was juicy but not too hard to chew. I don't eat atsara but they give you a side of that and I thought that was cool. They also have this yellow rice they call Java rice which was unexpectedly tasty in it's own right. Of course, all of this was served on a plate with a banana leaf, which is the traditional Filipino way to serve food. I would have been happy eating kamayan style like my parents did growing up. I was so impressed by the food the first time I went that I went back later that day to let my girlfriend try it too and she loved it as well. A week later I took my girlfriend and buddy to eat there and he was also blown away by everything they had to offer, including the not-overly sweet sago at gulaman. Everything tasted just right but at the same time exceeded expectations. The staff was also beyond friendly and were attentive to us the whole time. The best part was when the chef himself came out to see how our food was and we paid him our compliments. It was nice to have the person who cooked our food come out and see how it tasted. That is 5-star treatment you find at Michelin rated restaurants. I would highly recommend to any of my friends, Filipino or not, to eat here because it is a great representation of our food and culture. Go check it out!
5	I don't eat Filipino food often, but this place was great. Very friendly and clean. Prices were good and mostly importantly, the food was yummy. Will be coming back.
5	I finally have a chance to put in my review of this place...although I've been here plenty of times since I discovered they were here 3 months ago.  Like what most people say in their reviews...this place is clean!  In a time where a lot of restaurants are receiving bad grades from the Health department...this is VERY important...to me!  I have to say, I probably have had almost everything on the menu and so I was super excited to see that they have added on to their menu.  Since my last meal her was on 2-24-14 in celebration of my mom's birthday, this review will be based on the food that we ate that day.  We ordered the "Boat" (around $69.95) this time because my mom indicated that she wanted to try it.  We were oh so pleasantly surprised when it arrived as we could of probably used at least 3 more people to help us finish the food.  The food was served on a large wooden boat.  The boat was filled with java rice (at least 2lbs.!) and topped with the following items:-Grilled marinated pork-Large grilled Calamari-Large Grilled Shrimps (5-6)-Mussels (5-6)Hanging from the boat were 2 deep fried bangus and 1 whole grilled eggplant.  On one side of the boat was a small bowl of white fish ceviche and on the other side was a bowl of diced tomato, onions, salted egg, and pink anchovie paste (somewhat like a Filipino salsa).  Everything was delicious...can't really think of anything I'd change.  My husband and I hope that they will have a half version of this boat for people who dine in small groups as this one can easily feed a group of 6 people.To top my mom's birthday, the Chef brought out 4 generous desserts for each person (including our 7 year old son).  The dessert consisted of buko pan dan jello with a side of turon.  So yummy...and did I say so generous?!?  This has definitely become one of our local favorite places to dine.
5	Great food, good prices and great service.  Couldn't ask for more and happy that my travels bring me to a place that reminds me of my parent's cooking
5	Probably one of the best quality Filipino restaurants I've had in a while here in Vegas.   I saw that this place was rated very high on Yelp and most importantly was pretty close to where I live.  I first ordered the lumpiang shanghai and when it came out, it didn't look like your average roll that is perfectly cut short into pieces.  They literally had it wrapped as a long roll... It looked different but the taste and quality was good.  They also serve it with this red cocktail type of sauce which again is not what I normally have it with, which is sweet chili sauce, but again it was still good.  My for my entree I had the chicken Inasal with their special rice and it was amazing... Not too dry and slightly flavorful.  I'm also a big dessert person so the fact that they had all my favorite Filipino desserts here was a plus.  I had the taho and turon which were both delicious and satisfying... The balls in the taho were still super hard and chewy, but the quality of the taho was so tasty that I didn't care lol overall I rate this place 5 because of quality, location, and price!
4	i don't do filipino food that often, so i admittedly don't really know how things are supposed to taste, but i liked everything i've tried the 3 times i've been to full house. service is really friendly, and food comes out pretty quickly. portions are decent and they put more effort into presentation than i'd expect for this price point. almost all of the rave reviews are from filipino yelpers, so it's safe to say that this place is authentic. it's also new and clean with an open kitchen so you can see what's going on. i'm usually only on this side of town to go shopping, so i like to grab the bbq pork siopao to go - it's basically the same thing as chinese bao or hawaiian manapua. it's a great snack or small meal, but i was really disappointed the last time i got it - they seem to already be cutting back on the quality of their food since this is what i got last time: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=VUAxifmXZ1MFy0gUroggqg&userid=dsaj_eA71FvpUh49zzKcGAvs what i've gotten in the past:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/full-house-bbq-las-vegas-2?select=ws_5xOa3FNtao92QHpGnXg#ws_5xOa3FNtao92QHpGnXg
5	Been here a few times now, and each time I've had a great experience in the quality of food and service. The taste of the food brought back memories of eating at huge family parties with my relatives when i was younger. The waitresses and the chef are happy and animated. The restaurant looks nice,  VERY clean, and modern looking. If you are looking to eat or try authentic filipino food I would suggest trying this restaurant out!
5	Came here with all my ate's for a family trip and all of us were craving Filipino food. Looked up this place and decided to come here since it looked promising based off of the reviews. Man, talk about GOOD Filipino food. Felt just like a family get together. We ordered lechon, nilaga, pinakbet, bbq beef, java rice and sago. SO GOOD. The presentation was nice too. Typically Filipino food isn't too flattering at first glance, but this place pulled it off real well. In addition to that, FREE SAGO REFILLS. All in all, this was one of the better Filipino spots we've all been to. Even in the Bay Area where we're from, this place beats most. Nice family style atmosphere, yummy food, great price and friendly service. So if you're traveling Vegas, craving some Filipino food but are too far from home, this place is the place to go! Feels just like home.
4	Service is excellent!  They stayed after closing and took in my entire family... I did call in advance to be sure they were ok with this.  The girls are great and they never rushed us.  It small, but very clean inside.Food is great.  I especially like the chicken skewers.  Very well priced at $5.99.  The oxtail was good, but you don't get a lot of oxtail.  We also had the sizzling pork which was better than the beef (but both were good)Filipino food is full of flavor, but it isn't the healthiest (in my opinion) so don't expect super health friendly food.  It was full of flavor and true to style. DeliciousI've been back already and I plan to continue coming.
4	4 stars for the BBQ and service.  The rest of the stuff we tried needs to improve.The place has a refreshing look and vibe from your typical Filipino restaurants.. tall ceilings, greens dotting the red walls, and huge tv screens that played interesting balikbayan videos... I felt happy entering the space.  Service was also extremely warm and accommodating.We loved - the sago't gulaman drink, the pork bbq (it is by far, the best I've tried among the Fil joints in Vegas), and the tokwa't baboy was tasty.  The palabok was ok, not bad, but not something I would necessarily go back for.  Chefs need to taste the pork rinds that go in there, when you have a few tough gooey pieces it just ruins everything.  The boiled egg was also served cold so I had bites that were cold.  Also stay away from the appetizer trio platter.  The fishballs were bad, the lumpia looks prettier than it tastes, and the potstickers, aside from not really being Filipino fare, is substandard (more wrapper in ratio to meat).For me good service really elevates the whole dining experience, so if you are in the area, definitely give their bbq a try.  The lechon belly looks pretty good too.
4	Now this is a place where you'd wanna take visiting relatives. I feel like it's one of the very few Filipino restaurants that are not located in a ghetto area and is very presentable. The place itself is very clean and spacious. The servers were very nice and I think it's a family-owned business since a little boy served our drinks (very adorable!). We ordered a sinigang, lechon kawali, grilled chicken and beef steak. The style of the food is a bit more 'fancy' sort of like a Goldilocks version but 50x better. & I usually don't like my Filipino food all fancy!Sinigang - I was amazed by the broth. The soup was very basic and didn't have as much meat as I would have like but I was too blown away by the broth to even care. I love my sinigang very sour so this hit the spot. I'd give it a 4/5. Grilled chicken - it was served with a large scoop of their delicious seasoned rice. Nothing special but it wasn't bad either. 3.5/5Beef steak - meh wasn't impressed with the taste. The presentation, however, was nice since it was served on a sizzling plate. I like my beef steak tender with a lot of sauce and onions. This lacked in sauce and the meat was very chewy. They gave us 2 big cuts of meat and we had to cut it ourselves. I don't have a problem with that but I think I prefer the traditional beef steak loaded with sauce and onions (I like to pour the sauce all over my rice). 3/5. Lechon kawali - I'm so glad it wasn't drowning in oil like in other restaurants. It was also served with rice and was delicious.  Nice and crispy and went so good with my sinigang and rice concoction. 4/5. Overall the food was delicious and the prices were reasonable. The lechon kawali and sinigang were my favorite for the night. Again I prefer my Filipino food more on the home cooked side but this place is really great to take your visitors to eat when craving Filipino food. I was very pleased with my experience, especially that sinigang man. Wheeew so sour but so bomb!
2	Found this place in yelp since  it's closer to Grandview hotel where we are staying. Pretty legit filipino food but if you come hungry, I would recommend to order more. We ordered tokwa't baboy for $3.99 and there were only 2 slices of meat (so sad). Java plate rice with chicken is also pretty tiny. You get out of there feeling hungry still.
4	I've been holding out on doing a review for a several months now just to see how they would fare after several visits and trying their sizzling sisig which was pretty good but I've had better, crispier back home in the Bay. As several other Yelpers have mentioned the portion sizes could be a tad greater on certain dishes. While food and service can be spotty and uneven at times dispite never really being crazy busy -- for the most part flavors don't disappoint, they've had a few mistakes such as their banana turon which was a little doughy and had burnt caramel then the fresh lumpia which was bland and lacking flavor. Flaws are expected with a new friends and family/ mom & pop run restaurant and can overlook them as long as they continue to bang out the more consistent, quality food they've pushed out the window. Their place is nice bright and clean, but they can turn down the TV a bit and would love to hear some old Filipino music in the background. All and all, its good to have a former MGM and Golden Nugget chef serving up some bomb home style food right up the street from me. If you're looking for it its in the same plaza as Sushimon, tucked away in the back of the Smiths shopping plaza.
5	This was a great meal if you're looking for some good old filipino food. Also one of the few filipino places that are clean and spacious. Got the pork bqq and chicken bqq and for $5.99 it was amazing! The pork belly was great too. Would I go back? Most definitely. Love this place!
5	My family and I had lunch at Full House BBQ today and the food was amazing.  We tried 2 types of pancit, pork skewers and both types of egg rolls and everything was delicious. I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
1	This place has the worst service that I been to 15 minutes wait and not even a hello or a drink order I hope you guy improve your service or you guys are going out of business.
1	Visited this place (first time) this morning from seeing their advertisement on one of the Fil newspapers. Food was not bad, but the service was bad (server was nice tho).  Something to look into and possibly add more staffs, especially, during lunchtime.
4	I was in the neighborhood buying cronuts at caked and was looking for a new place to try.Used my trusty yelp and read a few review for this place. So of course I had to give it a try. I came in around 12. There were only 4 patrons including myself.The first impression I got was clean, neat and tidy. I don't think I've ever used those words for a eating establishment before.I ordered some Manapua/siopao to take to work and a Filipino crepe/Spring roll for myself (gave up the pig for lent). The coworkers loved the pork buns. They were pretty huge. I enjoyed the crepe. I need to come back here and give their menu a full try.
4	The food was well priced and the taste was delicious especially with the many sauce selections! The waitress was also very nice and kept asking if the food tasted okay. She even let me sample the melon juice, which was refreshing! I got the pork and it had great flavor.
5	We stopped by on a Friday night for dinner. We must have been a little early because we got seated right away, but only a little while later the restaurant got BUSY.And for good reason. We had the soy chicken and pork skewers with garlic rice and a fried tofu and pork belly side dish. Everything was superb. You can tell the chefs know how to put together a delicious plate of food.The restaurant itself is nice and comfortable. The service is friendly and very competent.I don't give five stars lightly. What they might lack in terms of a glitzy five star experience they make up for in deliciousness, friendliness and value. Definitely worth giving them a try. It's a family-owned business that deserves to thrive! I want to be able to go back and eat more of their tasty food. :)
5	This is the second time I have gone here, first was because my boyfriend was experimenting with different cuisines.  It was delicious!  Tried the sago desert drink & Lumpia Saaiwa and it was delicious and healthy.  I liked the food andownership so much, I ordered food for an upcoming dinner party.  Not only did we meet the chef, but he personally came out and gave suggestions based on the event & likings of the group.  I will be back, the question is just how soon.
5	My friend told me about how her boyfriend went to this "asian barbeque" place and really liked the barbeque. After she described how to get to this "asian" place - I found it easily enough.I found out it's a Filipino restaurant!I went in, sat down and got ready to start pointing at food I wanted to eat.To my surprise~!!  it turned out to be a restaurant! I was delighted.So - for trial - I ordered their pork barbeque with java rice, to go.When I got home, it saw the pork barbeque wasnt red from excess food color, it was nicely grilled, meaty, instead of stringy or dried, flavorful and generous.I love it.Chef Alex, is humble and hardworking and aims to please his clientele. As we were sitting there, I noticed a constant stream of groups of people walking in and finding their table. Service is fast.Food is hot, delicious and never recooked, or over cooked.Alex and his wife are wonderful people with great personalities.I am so pleased I found a small filipino food place around where I live.
4	To end my wonderful weekend, a close friend and I decided to visit this place as it was pretty new to the area. Both of us have Filipino running through our veins so this was definitely a no brainer.This restaurant is in one of my favorite strip malls ever! I often frequent this area as they hold a lot of my favorite restaurants: Sushimon, Shabu Grill, Starbucks and more. When I entered the joint, the first thing I thought was HOLY RED! The floors, the walls, everything is red. I'm glad they took the opportunity to paint some brown on the wall and include green plants. It certainly broke up the monotony of red but turned into a Christmas tree. Not a big deal though, and I'm glad they had a lot of seating in the restaurant. Great for big parties. Our server was a young girl, super sweet and accommodating. She was quick and really made us feel welcome. For dinner, here's what I got:My friend and I started with the Full House Trio Appetizer for $7.99. This 12 piece app was filled with Lumpia Shanghai, jumbo fish balls and pork pot stickers, served with a trio of dipping sauces. For sauces, my favorite was the citrus soy sauce. The lumpia was super delicious! The wrapping was crispy and light. I thought the fish balls were a little soggy, maybe because it was the end of the evening. Also, the pot stickers were nicely cooked on the outside, but the inside wrapper was a little slimy and not the best in my opinion.For dinner, I got the sizzling Lechon Pinakbet for $8.99. Two things I love: Lechon and Pinakbet! I didn't believe it when they said sizzling but the plate came out super hot! Flavor wise, I LOVED the elements and textures of this dish! The pumpkin, green beans, okra bitter melon and eggplant was perfectly cooked. I LOVED how they didn't mix the pork together. It allowed the crispy skin to really shine through! Loved it all except one thing. The bagoong, or shrimp paste, used in this dish was really strong because the sizzling platter continued to reduce the sauce as it sat on our table. That meant a very salty dish. Please be advised.At the end of the evening, I had a great dinner. I'm definitely going to keep this place on my list of Filipino joints to frequent in the future. If you're in the area, make your way to the south end of the mall and check this place out!
5	Excellent service and great food. Everything we ordered was up to par. The fried Bangus was fried a lil too hard but it was still good dipped in vinegar. The Halo-Halo presentation was like no other.
5	Great service. Excellent Chef Alex. The Filipino food is so good. Comfort food all the way with a top notch chef. Place is clean, can't wait to see there blue ribbon award from health department. There staff full of smile and the reverend that makes Ilocano dishes  are to want to come back for!
4	Their Sago with Gulaman is pretty good! Not too sweet, not too bland, just right!
2	This place used to be so promising, I would have rated a solid 4; however, upon multiple visits customer service and food has downgraded. Here's a breakdown of the good, not so good and the ugly:GOOD:- Friendly staff (if they even have enough)- Fair prices (ex: BBQ skewer plate $6)- BBQ plates! Available in chicken, beef or pork. (IMO this is their only redeeming dish and worth going back for)- Fried tofu & pork belly with vinegar sauce was a nice & tasty snack!- Sago is pretty good, plus refillable.- Lumpiang sariwa "fresh lumpia" is worth trying again.- Pancit palabok is consistently good.- Clean establishment- Great for only 1 to 2 large parties.NOT so good:- Garlic java rice is meh...If you are going to have an option besides white rice, I expect it to be super flavorful or something more similar to traditional Filipino garlic rice.- Cantaloupe juice "melon juice" on menu was not available on all my visits. Sad face. =(- Kare kare definitely is a miss here.  The oxtail pieces were unevenly cooked...I'm talking about a FEW nice tender pieces and a bunch of overcooked chewy pieces.  - I'll pass on their fried egg rolls (lumpiang shanghai) and the dipping sauce was NOT the boss.UGLY:- Worst lechon pork belly ever. Mine was served overcooked, burnt, and chewy.  Completely inedible, but trust me I tried! I will stick to Thelma's if I ever want pork belly (because theirs is perfection!)- Horrible service, due to being understaffed.  (Enough to turn away business! Shame on you!) After my last visit, I'm not too motivated to go back and honestly would not truly recommend this place to others.  My curiosity is still tickled though with their gigantic siopao and mami soup bowls.Shape up Full House BBQ and you may get another chance.
4	This place is pretty bawmb.  Not bomb, but bawmb.  Where has java rice been all my life?! One star removed for messing up on one of my to-go orders.  We ordered two of the pork belly with Java rice meals and they just gave us pork belly, no java rice.  We didn't notice this until we were already home.   I called and the manager said they'd give me a.discount next time.  We'll see how that goes.
3	Decided to try this place, first and foremost, i don't go out to many filipino places. i'm picky and I have family that makes it homemade, and there is nothing like homemade filipino cuisine. lol With that aside, Full House was decent. I had the lechon kawali lunch special. with their java rice. didn't see anything special with the java rice. had the lechon kawali, it was promising. parts of it were really crunchy and hot, some of it was lukewarm. The best part of the dish, was the sauce for it....no not mang tomas...but..wait for it.............the chef's home made lechon sauce..it was good, alot chunkier than mang tomas. noble attempt.  I would go back, but just not get the lechon next time.
4	So glad a filipino restaurant opened up near me and it's a modern place one too! Came here for dinner with my boyfriend and it wasn't too busy but there were people keep coming in and out to dine in or order out. Got greeted and seated right away. First of all, the atmosphere and decor was really nice and modern but still kept the Filipino theme. I love the fact that they even have a tuko (gecko) painted on their wall to give the feeling you're really eating outside in the Philippines. That really made my night! The food was good. I got carried away in ordering our food. We got the lumpiang shanghai which were a little too thin for our liking. We also got the beefstek with steamed rice, nilaga with garlic rice, and lechon kawali. All three were delicious but the serving size of the beefstek was too little for my boyfriend who was still hungry after he ate all of his food. The steamed rice was little bit hard, not sure if they didn't warm it enough or didn't cook it with the right amount of water. But the lechon kawali was crunchy and meaty! Overall, it was decent but better than the other Filipino restaurants I've tried around town!
5	On our trip to the insurance office.  We spotted this little Filipino Restaurant.  We were pleasantly greeted immediately and seated.  The decor was nice, clean and comfortable.They had a very authentic Filipino menu.  Food was cooked very well and tasty.  I ordered the Turf and Surf, which included fried fish,grilled pork, grilled eggplant and a tomato/onion/salted fish paste side.  I also had the Java or garlic fried rice.The fried fish was very crispy and yet very moist inside!  Grilled pork was tender and went well with the side and rice.My son ordered a siopao - best he has had, he said.My wife loved the fresh lumpia!  They have a very large menu.  They are very kind and attentive.  We will definitely come back and try some more.
3	My oxtail soup had good taste, but a little greasy for me.  Think the fat should have been skimmed off better, but the meat was very tender and the vegetables were fresh.  Also tried the appetizer plate with fried fish balls, shanghai and dumplings.  Sorry to say, it looked better than it tasted.  The fish balls and dumplings tasted okay, but I couldn't finish the Shanghai.  The shanghai wrapper was good and crisp, but the filling was not cooked all the way.  Not sure if I will return, but if I do, think I'll try the bbq next time.
5	We had fish balls, Lechon belly and pinakbet for dinner. Food was good for a reasonable price and service was GREAT!
5	I've been to almost every Filipino restaurant in Vegas. Hands down, one of the best places yet! Small, quaint, polite and better food than all the other places have to offer. Please support local and get down here!!
5	We lived close in this restaurant but we never even know it existed..lolz . But thanks to a good friend of our who introduces this restaurant to us...its a decent and clean resto! Better than MAX's and other filipino restaurant ive seen here in vegas... costumer service is excellent!! If u also want ro have fun while eating they serve a "Boodle Boats" here..sounds familiar placed it in a wooden boat and everything u ask for is there pork, grills veggie...etc..the food price ia fair...NOT over pricing...definetly goin back here...oh by the way guys they do serve HALO-HALO and buko juice...very aunthentic filipino restaurant! Happy costumer!^_^
3	Good Ambiance. Clean Restroom. Friendly Staff. Good Food. My Family tried their "boodle Boat" for $64.99 (similar to a platter in other resto), In my opinion its pretty steep. I guess its because its on a boat. I was under the impression that I can take the boat home=). If you're ordering the Boodle Boat prepare to wait.  Overall Rating: Good.
1	Very disappointed. I always use yelp to look for nearby restaurants, but this BBQ place was not something I expected. They are overpriced. Ordered the surf and turf for $16.99- it was only cheap BBQ pork not properly seasoned and a small daing na Bangus. The halo halo was not good at all for $6.99- it had chunk of ice and not enough         "Sahog".  Never again will I go to this place again.
4	My wife and I went to check Full House bbq and we were not disappointed. The place is very clean and well organized. The service is very friendly. We ordered Surf and Turf and Kare Kare never knowing what to expect. To my surprise,  I ate it all. That's how good it was. The chef came out and introduced himself and found out he was a chef at Mandalay Bay Hotel. That explains the flavourful food and the excellent presentation of our food. My wife had to order more to go and ordered the siopao and palabok. Excellent choice. I was told that the boddle boat is good but it is serve for 4 people. We will try it next time. I need to try some more in the menu to give it a 5      but our overall experience is great with very reasonable price.
1	Food is "ok" this is not "Asian Fusion" as they call it. Very disappointed in service. Very slow! It took an hour for our food to completely come to table. They prioritize take out orders first and to top it off, they're "cash register" wasn't working when we were ready to pay. They even double charged our Credit Card and they were still trying to attempt a third charge! Very ashamed that this is a Filipino Restaurant!! I will never come back to this place and will not recommend to anyone!
3	I've had two experiences here. The first time was okay, they had forgotten an order of ours so they apologized and gave us a free order the next time we were to come in. I definitely commend their customer service.The food is good, but not my favorite.  The soup tends to be a little salty. I haven't gone back in awhile and I don't really know if I will. I think it's worth a try & if you happen to like it, great!
5	I love this place! The staff are nice, the food is good and service is fast! I wish I could bring this place to Florida, we need to have a great Filipino restaurant in Florida!
5	I now love Filipino BBQ, came in here not knowing what to expect. We were greeted at the door and got our drinks before we had a chance to look at the menu.  We followed the servers recommendations and couldn't be happier. The food was fantastic, the service was prompt and really friendly, we felt at home and will be recommending this place to our family you will to.
5	My wife and I went to Las Vegas from Toronto, Canada visiting my families living in Las Vegas brought us to Full House BBQ. It is not a typical Filipino restaurant which is point-point for the cook it as we order, and the food presentation were outstanding,  the price is affordable, and the amazing part is the taste of the food is awesome. The servers and the chef as well as the cooks are friendly. The restaurant is clean as well as  the washroom and seating capacity is not crowded. The chef was not only a chef in Mandalay Bay but also in Golden Nugget. I consider this one of the best among the best restaurant. For sure we will come back and highly recommended to all our friends here in Canada.
5	Love the food! Had lunch with my boys. Waitress was super nice. Didn't wait long for the food. We order the fried fish balls and eggrolls and the BBQ and palabok. Everything with super good!! We'll def come back again ! :)
5	Very good! Being half Filipino and raised on the best homemade Filipino food makes me very picky. So I'm always on the lookout for a good restaurant in Vegas. This is definitely a must go! On top of the food being super delicious, the service is awesome. The cook coming out to just see if everything was great was personal and just cool! All the food was taken out in a timely manner and of course tasted great just like it was homemade. This place is very recommended!
1	My friend and I was going to go to Sushi-Mon for lunch but the wait was too long. So we decided to try Full House BBQ. It's a cute little place. It was clean and empty when we got there. We got our menu, everything looks good in the picture. A little pricey. We ordered fishball, pancit, bbq plate. Totally disappointed. The sauce for the fishball has no flavored. It was a wasted of sauce. The pancit was over-whelmed with vegetables. Not enough noodles. The whole purpose of pancit is noodles. The BBQ chicken skewers was not fully cook I had to ask them to recook it. There was not enough flavor on the BBQ. For the price it was not worth it. Very bland. Asian foods are about flavors. We were truly disappointed being that my friend is Filipino. And she's a great cook.
5	I've been coming here for a while and I love the food and amazing service. I highly recommend this place!
5	Service was great and Surf & Turf was pretty good too. I was going to give a 4 star for my first time until I ordered the Turon with Buko salad ice cream. I had to upgrade kc Masarap!
5	Good food and service. I'll come back again.Very clean place and atmosphere. The price is very good and reasonable. Highly recommend if you like good and clean Filipino Food.Keep up the good work.
5	Great food! Never tasted bola bola in the US that tastes almost as wonderful as the bola bola in the philippines!
5	Love this place!! I always order take out.. usually on my days off! I love taking my meals from full house bbq home while I waste my day off watching my fave shows on Netflix lol. Customer service is great! Workers are always polite and friendly... unlike some Asian places. Love that it's reasonably prices. 5.99 for a skewer plate? Any day!!My most favorite part about full house bbq is that it's the only filipino joint in Las Vegas that delivers food closest to home-- and for me that's bacolod! Chicken inasal? No other place knows what that is... the chicken pork and beef skewers are amazing. I've tried them all. Reminds me of the street food in bacolod I love and miss. The java rice and the atchara side hits home. Like I said, no other filipino place knows about that!  Oh and bangus and pork belly!! Love it. Their sauces are really good. Variety. Easy recipes to make the sauce so I don't know why other places don't do that. I have yet to try their seafood boat thingy ... but will hit that up real soon when I gather some friends! The owners know what's up. Thank u for being my close to home spot!!!P.s. last time I went, I was craving for sinigang so I asked the girl if I can have just a little bit of soup to mix in with the rice. I told them ill pay but I don't want a full order, just the soup. No problem at all... they gave me a huge side of soup for free!! Thanks so much.
5	We came here on a Tuesday evening and ordered1. Pancit Canton, 10.99 2. Beef steak, 10.99 3. Lumpia shanghai, 3.99 for $30We came here on a Wednesday evening and ordered 1. Pancit guisado, 10.992. Tortang talong, 6.993. Beef steak, 10.994. Tokwa baboy, 2.995. 3 Steamed rice, 1.506. 2 hot tea, 1.49 for $50- Favorite place to go for Filipino food! - Fresh and flavorful. - Friendly service. Clean restaurant. - I like their guisado more than the canton. - Great sauce rack! Vinegar nom. - Always get the Beef steak. Side sauce and place it over rice! - They can probably give more rice. Filipinos eat lots of rice...
2	found this place on yelp... figure it was worth a try with all the good reviews. I'm filipino but don't eat filipino food... go figure.I came here with an open mind...why the bad review? there was no lechon... my friends food had to get sent back to be fully cooked and what he originally ordered was out as well.Had the banana lumpia... which was just ok.Casual dining... no problems with parking.Don't think I'll be back. Bummed with my visit.
2	Pretty typical Filipino restaurant. Nice staff, decent menu selection, prices are reasonable. More of a sit down than a turo-turo style restaurant. I will have to give them one more try before I write them off. *Spoiled Pinay from San Diego in search for a decent Filipino restaurant in Las Vegas.
5	I must say I'm very impressed with this quaint, recently opened restaurant!! Being very unassuming in a strip mall akin to many other quick dine restaurants, I didn't expect much... We were pleasantly surprised with exquisite service from a young staff serving us very accurate representations of traditional Filipino food at very inexpensive prices!! We will be back soon to try many of the other items on their recently updated menu!!! Yesssss, we want more!!
5	Went there for dinner with the family tonight and the food was absolutely delicious!!! Our meal consisted of Adobo Chicken, Lechon, Pansit & the 12 piece appitezer platter! The best Filipino food that I have had in Vegas!!In addition, the environment was welcoming and very clean. The staff was very friendly (Even the chef hollered from the kitchen thanking us and telling us to have a good evening) & we did not feel as though we were being rushed to pay our bill & get out. I will definitely go again, when visiting from California!!!
5	Half my friends and nearly the entire hospital being Filipino its obvious how much of the culture I have absorbed and appreciated.  Filipino food being the main aspect with all their fried, greasy deliciousness! In my area I only had Fiesta Filipina which was overly greasy maybe that's why they put it right in front of the hospital lol. Also, the service here was always stand offish and the setting similar to that of panda express. Luckily I stumbled upon this hidden gem going to Smith's for groceries.Interior: Walking in it was pretty quiet and only a family enjoying a quiet dinner.  The restaurant is nicely lit and fairly big.  There is a whiteboard by the register with daily specials. Service: I was greeted by the owner who was very friendly, thoroughly explained the entire menu and gave me pretty enticing food recommendations (which will be explored in the future).Food: I ordered the palabok which was only 5 bucks and came on a pretty big platter with crispy garnish of pork rinds with eggs and onions all neatly decorated.Overall: I love this place.  Its chill, bomb food, extremely affordable with great portions.
3	Second time dining in this establishment. First time was good second time was okay.had issues with my main course pork belly came out cold. Typically I don't send food back. But this was too cold. After getting the pork belly back it  was ok. Service was good.
2	Food was good and service was ok. Wontons in the soup tasted a little off, as if it might make one sick. We told our server, and she said she would look into it.I might have come back but the music playing inside was the Christian station... and while I am Christian myself, it made me feel really uncomfortable to listed to it while eating. It also made me think had I not been Christian, I would have felt even worse. If I ever come back, it will only be for takeout.
5	I love this place!  Been here twice since I saw pics of some dishes on a friend's intsagram and both times the food was YUM, service was great, the place is very clean & the price is decent!!  Brought family here and they loved it!Must tries: sizzling panokbit (hope I spelled that right!) with lechon and the sizzling tilapia!  Does not disappoint!Ordered catering from here for this weekend also...super excited!
5	Food was awesome and the service was outstanding! Had my moms after service party here and the way they set up the buffet style was very nice. We had the BBQ sticks, caldereta, pancit, fried rice egg rolls desert was flan. Everyone was so full and loved the food. Will most definitely keep coming back for more. Also had Kate Kate here before and it was sooooo flavorful love this place
5	First time eating Filipino cuisine and the folks here made it an awesome experience. Great food @ a great price! We will be back.
4	First time visiting here. Our family was craving some filipino food before heading back to Cali. The food was good. We were seated promptly & service was fast & friendly. The cost was reasonable & the place was clean. Restrooms were clean. I'd come again.
