5	They say that a dog is man's best friend, and really I used to think those people were nuts. I mean, seriously.... it's a dog. That was until I met my sweet sweet girl Belle. We rescued her almost 2 years ago and I can't imagine life without her!R.A.G. is a wonderful organization that rescues Golden Retrievers and finds them new families. Goldens are a fantastic breed. If you want a companion that will love you unconditionally and that is very easy going and friendly...this might be the breed for you! If you are considering bringing a dog into your family, please check out rescue organizations like R.A.G. There are so many animals out there that need good homes. There are also other ways to help these animals through volunteering and being a foster parent until they can place them in their new forever home.Two paws way way up for R.A.G.!!!
5	We recently brought home a golden retriever with RAG's help. We thought it would be like working with a placement organization, but RAG has such a meticulous & swift yet loving system in place to rescue dogs and place them with waiting homes. Since the doggie arrived, we've been getting amazing support - for behavior & medical. We get at least 4 follow up calls a day and it's just so nice to be able to discuss the pet with knowledgeable teams who know so much more.  Their love for these dogs is evident in each person I've spoken to and ALL of them have gone out of the way to help me & the golden with the transition. RAG took complete care of initial vet checkups & tests, meds for any condition or sickness the dog has, neutering, microchipping, as well as behavior support. The small adoption fee seems too little for the kind of support I've received - heck! I've stupidly paid $200 to an A/C technician for simply spraying a cleaning solution while $300 here took care of all placement, transport, vet, meds & behaviorist expenses not to mention the innumerable "how are you doing?" calls (if you are new to this, just check out the costs of these). While it's nice to be able to say that we rescued a golden (not like our golden was abused or abandoned - the previous family had evidently taken good care of him), for us the real selling point was their ability to match older pets to our lifestyle and having such a hassle free adoption process in place. Training a puppy or a mismatched adult would have been overwhelming for people like me who have never had pets before. This feels like a win win. The placement took a while (obviously since they don't have dogs ready for customers) but our new pet is the perfect fit for our home.There are plenty of people who get enamored by the cute puppies from the puppy mills and then exahusted 6 months into the process. If you're looking for a pet, I'd recommend not just rescuing a dog, but also considering RAG because of their amazing work. Supporting rescues instead of backyard breeders would make  the world a better place for our pets.
5	If you are looking for the best rescue to adopt from for a Golden Retriever, this is it. Amazing, caring, experienced volunteers will work one on one with you to find you the perfect match. They are meticulous and are known for their high integrity. Loads of support will come every step of the way, from placing into your home, follow up calls on a regular basis, access to well known trainers and vets. I was so impressed with their care and dedication finding me a dog, that now I recommend them to everyone! And they need volunteers too.
