5	Great salon, fair pricing and great service. Brandi is a great stylist! They are very accomodating with appointment times. They often have good specials. I recommend trying them for your next hair cut and color.
5	Another great Groupon experience.My friend and I decided we needed a spa day and saw this Groupon and decided it was fate! =) We both took the day off work and made a fun girl's day out of it. We had some overpriced coffee and headed out for our day of pampering, with Happy Hour to follow.When we arrived, we were quite impressed with the decor. It was clean, modern and welcoming. Super cute for a Day Spa / Salon. The ladies behind the counter were friendly and very good at expediting the start of our day. We both opted for the microdermabrasion and partial highlights, so off we went. The microdermabrasion and facial was soothing and lovely. It included a neck and shoulder massage and I was in love! =) The service was very professional and adept.Next came our highlights. My colorist was great. Very friendly and good. I was extremely pleased with the results, as was my friend. They took their time and were extremely courteous and lively. We had some great conversations while we were there and we both agreed that we were interested in coming back, despite it being on the opposite side of town from where we live.Definitely a place I'd recommend.
5	My very first Groupon I bought and used yesterday to get a color and partial highlight by Vanessa.  Vanessa was so nice and took the time to go over the colors for my color and highlight she recommended.  The rinse she took time to do a scalp massage which was very relaxing.  The color and highlights turned out awesome and I have been receiving lots of compliments.I loved the decor of the place - quite modern to say the least.I already booked my next appointment with Vanessa.Check this place out!  Ask for Vanessa if you are looking for your hair to be done!  :)
5	Best haircut of my life! The highlights were great too. Ask for Jennifer D. Can't wait to go back.
5	I am new to vegas and needed a hair stylist. After seeing a groupon and great reviews from my fellow yelpers, I decided to go for it. Brandi was my stylist and she is awesome. Best head massage I have ever gotten at a haircut. I also got the deep conditioning treatment, and can already see a difference in my hair. My last haircut was a disaster and Brandi listened to exactly how I wanted it cut. She did a beautiful job and I finally have my old hair back! The actual salon had a great atmosphere and was really nice. I am definitely going back to Brandi and highly recommend this place to anyone else!
5	I have alot of spikey hair and its not the easiest to cut =), but every time i go to Jennifer Durivage at Vibe my hair turns out perfect! She is fun, gets the job done, and i dont even feel like i have been sitting in the chair!  Oh... the scalp massage will put you right to sleep!  5 stars from me, i wouldnt go anywhere else.
5	I had my hair done by Brandi (owner and stylist) and it was awesome! I brought in pictures and my hair was really a mess and she did a fabulous job!  First of all, she does a great massage while washing your hair.  It was awesome!!! I was SO relaxed. Then I had a hair treatment to help my poor over- processed hair and afterwards, it was so soft and shiny I just loved it! I changed my hair style very dramatically, by taking off length and adding bangs and a week later, I am still getting tons of compliments! I highly recommend Brandi and her lovely salon.
5	Great place to go for hair, nails or massage. Great service in a professional and clean environment. Most places u have to wait even if u have an appt. Brandi, who is also the owner did a color touch up and she went the extra mile w/o charging the "extra" $$$. And the neck massage when she rinsed my hair was fabulous. Check them out, you won't regret it :)
5	I have been searching for somewhere good to get my hair done and found Vibe through Yelp. I was nervous before I had arrived because I wasn't too sure of what to expect, but upon my departure I was extremely pleased with the serviced I had received. I scheduled an appointment for a facial and a hair cut/color service. It was my first facial ever and Cami was more than I could ever ask for! She was very attentive to my needs and what my skin was like. She also explained to me the products she was using to help me understand what she was doing with my skin. She gave me some different sample packets so I could try out moisturizers and lotions for my skin which I thought was very thoughtful of her. I am hoping Cami can squeeze me in for another facial tomorrow(:My hair cut/color service was just as amazing. I am always nervous to get my hair done since I've had bad coloring and cut services before so of course I was just crawling out of my skin nervous while I was getting my hair done but Kristin exceeded my expectations! I love my hair cut and I absolutely love the color she got me to! Not only did she do an awesome job on my hair she was an amazing person in general. She was very relaxed, fun, and attentive to what I wanted done. I will be going back to both of these amazing ladies when needed!!! I recommend both of them!
4	Daniel was awesome! Great service...
1	If it was possible I would rate it negative stars!!! Worst nightmare ever! This place is UNRELIABLE!! I made an appointment to get my hair done for my wedding, I didn't call it in but walked in and talked to a blonde older lady. She called someone and set an appointment. She asked for my number to have on file. My appointment was set to 2pm so I decided to go early in case she may have needed extra time! When I walked in a young lady was with a client doing highlights and walked up to me, I told her I had an appointment and she knew I was there for an up do. She said she would call the lady that was suppose to do my hair because she wasn't there yet, I tried not to panic, but how couldn't I!!! I could hear her on the back calling people to see who would come in, she came out to inform me that she was trying to see who would come in b/c the girl that was suppose to do my hair wasn't coming in!!! WTF!!!!  isn't that why the have my phone on file??!!! To call on case of this exact situation. After 10 minutes she comes out and says " I don't want you to loose your time, no one is coming in!" I just walked away!Save your time and your hair and go to a place that truly cares about costumer service and has they're act together!!
4	I saw the promo on Groupon and purchased the deal for $145 worth of services (2 services), and was able to schedule an appointment for a microdermabrasion, and have already booked my next appointment.  Honestly, the hardest part was trying to schedule the appointment, since the salon is staffed by lots of independent contractors.  I think that Cami and I played phone tag for at least two solid weeks, since I was either busy or on a phone call, or unavailable, and when I returned the call, had no choice but to leave a voicemail.  After finally getting an appointment--on Dec. 3rd--I was happy to find out that this place is located on my side of town.  Even though I had the route mapped out on my GPS, the lighting on the sign is kinda hard to see, and I had to pull a couple of U-turns before I made it there.I was pleased with the cleanliness, newness, contempo look that this salon had.  I also liked that I could either opt for water, hot chocolate, or tea while waiting for my appointment.  I was led back to a room for the microdermabrasion diamond-tip exfoliation procedure with Cami.  First she explained the procedure, and then proceeded to ask me about my skin type and make sure to treat me accordingly.  She did mention that it was helpful as part of a regular skin regimen, but to be careful when exposing myself to sunlight (to make sure and cover my face with at least SPF 15) afterwards, since my skin would be sensitive to redness, otherwise.  She was really nice and friendly, and I was only there for about 30-40 minutes (including check-in and procedure).  I went ahead and scheduled my next appointment, since I remembered the pain that it was to schedule the first time around, and also made sure to get Cami's phone number/contact info to avoid the repeated phone tag.The experience was a good one, but I had to deduct the one star due to the pain that it was in trying to schedule this appointment.Keep up the good work.
2	This place was okay.  It was very dificult to make an appointment and when I finally did it wasnt worth the trouble. My hair didnt turn out how I wanted even though they went back and redid it
