5	I don't write a lot of reviews and sad to say customer service is so sorely lacking in all industries of our world, it really takes a lot to move me. These guys did, so I had to take the time to recognize a job very well done. We have a H2 that my girlfriend uses for her Code Pink Boot Camp business, so we need it on the road quick with as little downtime as possible. This Service Department 'gets it'. Mario was great-with updates providing good communication with us and above what should have been necessary with our (non-GM) First Extended Service Warranty and their vendors. When we ran into a glitch with this FES 3rd Party Warranty (not recommended, we purchased it when we bought the vehicle prior to moving to AZ), Mark Thomas the Service Manager got involved and went above and beyond to satisfy our service request to the fullest-quickly. This team works very well and really took charge by handling a tough situation in a customer first perspective. I would recommend this dealership to ANYONE with a GM vehicle-we didn't buy our vehicle here, nor do we have a Cadillac, but we will return to Earnhardt Cadillac for the excellent treatment. They understand customer service and treat our red headed step child Hummer like its their own first born! Thanks Mario and Mark-great to work with quality people no matter if the name changed from Legends to Earnhardt-the people make the difference. Keep up the great work. Craig and Christina
4	Formerly Legends Cadillac. Will continue review later, mentioning good maintenance service and rep Luke. Use to be able to rent a car but doing away with that all together. Buying a car was less enjoyable than the quality maintenance which is crucial in deciding if I buy my next car from here. Awesome lobby with TV and fresh snacks and Starbucks coffee. Cupcakes and bagels too.
4	I bought a new vehicle and had a few issues that was corrected when brought to managers attention. Terrific sales staff (Charlie and Anthony). I received an excellent price and again, had my issue corrected.  As I waited for modifications to my vehicle, I saw other customers including young customers being treated kindly and fairly.
5	I highly recommend this dealership. Steve Shannon is a pro. Knowledgeable, patient, with not an ounce of pushiness. I am extremely happy with my new , gorgeous Cadillac XTS . Steve is one in a million. Many thanks to him and Toby in finance. They rocked it.
5	Armand had everything all set for me when I arrived.  The service was completed and I was on my way in a very short time.  I love the service at Earnhart Cadillac.
5	When I walked Earnhardt Cadillac, I wasn't there to buy a Cadillac.  Not really having the budget for one, I kept asking myself, "What am I doing here?"  I was looking for a used SUV and had been to six other run-of-the-mill dealerships encountering the stereotypical salesman trying to sell me something I didn't want.  So, when I saw a used SUV on the Internet located at Earnhardt Cadillac, I wasn't sure what to expect.I was blown away!  My experience with this dealership was amazing!  The smaller SUV was immaculate and far exceeded anything I had previously seen.   I was welcomed by Nate who was kind and relaxed.  He treated me with respect and spent a great deal of time with me on the non-Cadillac.  Although it wasn't anything extravagant, it didn't matter.  I was going to get the same treatment as any other customer who walked onto the lot.  They gave me the much needed space and did not apply unnecessary pressure to sign a deal.  The entire experience was actually pleasant. . .which is something you don't always associated with used car buying. Nate, Toby, and Frank, I cannot thank you enough.   The car is exactly what I needed at exactly the right time.  I will freely refer anyone to your dealership at a moments notice.  Thanks again.
5	Best Cadillac dealership in the valley.  Formerly Legends bought by Earnhardt.  Most of the same employees.  Exceptional customer service, not your typical car buying experience.  Not pushy, very helpful and they listen to what you want.  Highly recommend!
5	Hands down Nate is da bomb!!! No hassle, no haggle! Would definitely buy another car from Nate. In and out in 2 hours! Too good to be true?! We will see February 1! For now, I'm completely satisfied  with him and Earnhardt Caddy
1	Pass!!!  Today I'm having to return my car.  The interest rate and payment was too good to be true! I am truly disgusted today!!!  They better have my trade in, ready to go and in the shape I brought it in.  If anyone really reads this from Earnhardt, investigate my account.  This is very unfortunate that I've been riding around in this new car for the past week and now having to return it!!!!!  DISGUSTED with the process!!!!  Mitch and Jaime Flores from the finance department was very unprofessional.  They were told repeatedly what we could work with money wise and would always come back with a higher amount.  If it wasn't going to work, don't STRING me ALONG!
1	These guys SUCK!!!  They are the absolute Worst Cadillac, and I would say any dealership in the Valley. We Loved them when they were Legends but since Earnhardt took over their service went to hell in a hand basket.  I took my wife's 2010 CTS in for warranty work since it is 30 days away from the factory warranty I would get some little stuff fixed.  They refused to repair the faulty rear back up camera because it was installed by Legends and NOT Earnhardt.  They totally copped and attitude and both the Service Manager and the General Manager TOM were complete Asses to my wife treating her like a criminal and have no customer service skills.WARNING ALL Legend Cadillac customers ... BEWARE these guys are thief's and will not honor anything Legends did!  They are liars and will try to milk you for work that should be covered.  They need to go back to selling Fords because they do not know how to treat Cadillac customers.  Go to ANY Cadillac dealer but this ONE.I have been purchasing news cars in the valley since the 80's and have NEVER been treated so poorly.  THESE GUYS SUCK and they are TOTALLY FULL OF BULL!!!
1	High pressure salesmen.  Watch out for the financing department.  Bait and switch dealership. Toby's numbers dont add up.Horrible service.Avoid.
4	Ok so I'm updating. Earnhardt Cadillac is still my trusted place for my vehicle service and maintenance. My Escalade is 8 years old now and still runs like a charm. My service rep is Luke and I'm grateful to have had him all these years. He is friendly, professional, and patient with me. I especially like how he takes the time to distinguish the recommended work versus the necessary work that needs to be done on my vehicle. He is very fair. When I purchased my vehicle in 2005, this place was called Legends Cadillac. In my previous review, I mentioned my car-buying experience was less enjoyable than my service experience. I said this because I know I got duped into paying more than I should have for the vehicle. But, honestly, that was my problem, not the dealerships. My problem was I expected sales persons to be fair. Oops. How naive of me. They are sales persons to make money, not to be fair. So, I have to concede to the car-buying experience as something to learn from, not criticize. Next time I buy a vehicle, I'll have to approach the process differently, expecting to be swindled - and try not to fall for it.Oh and one more thing!... They have gone back to providing complimentary vehicles when you have service! No need to pay to rent a car, or sit there for hours, or arrange for a ride home. Yippee!
1	In three simple words: Bait and Switch....Be prepared They let you think they are close, then pull out something (like so many dealers do) In my case they gave me a quote for my trade in (in writing), then once we got "close" (their words) to a deal they were no longer willing to honor it. I had dealt with three people at the dealership, then all the sudden a fourth jumps in. He tells me the quote for my trade in is not actually valid, and I should take their deal and run because my car is not worth anything. He tried to convince me that the trade offer was really about the same because of the tax savings I get while trading in my car... I may have been born at night, but it wasn't last night....  They may fool some with this method, but smart people will see through their garbage/sleezy tactics. It appears this is the norm at this dealership, I would steer clear unless you want to deal with the games these guys play. If your brave enough to venture in, make sure you watch your back.
1	At first the sales person was extremely helpful and knowledgable but when we got a car we liked better for a better price at another dealership the sales person got ugly.  He told us we should have told him before he did so much work. By work I guess he meant his constant calling, texting and emailing.  We had called him out of respect instead of just ignoring him or sending him a "Dear John" email.  We thought that we were doing the right thing.  Within minutes of our phone call to him he sent us a nasty text: I realize now, so very clearly, all the work we did yesterday to clarify your questions, only gave you additional information to negotiate with Arrowhead. I'm very sorry to lost you. Never have had anything like this EVER happen to us from a sales person!  Do yourself a favor and go to Arrowhead in the first place!  This jerk from Earnhardt did nothing but tarnish what should've been a fun experience.
5	We moved here from the Bay Area, turned in our expensive German cars and bought two Cadillacs from Paul when it was called Legends. We could not be happier with our American made car that takes regular gasoline not expensive premium which the European cars demand. Granted they are not quite as refined as the foreign cars but they are getting there! We love that they get better every year. Thank you to Paul and all the guys in the service department that are professional and easy to work with.We highly recommend Earnhardt Cadillac in North Scottsdale!
3	The salesman was nice enough. The whole process of test driving the car wasn't as enjoyable as Scottsdale BMW, which is where we ended up buying our vehicle.
1	Be careful of the dealership you choose to buy a Cadillac... We were in the process of looking for a new Cadillac Escalade and at first the sales person was helpful in showing us a 2015 and we test drove the car a few weeks back.  We told him we had an Escalade that we were trading in and that we had just started looking and considering our options.  We contacted the same sales person this past weekend and asked if he had a 2015 Escalade in inventory which he stated he did and we advised him that we would be coming by this past Saturday to see the car.  When we arrived the Sales Manager immediately took our keys to our Escalade and ran inside to get the General Manager, Tom, to have him look at our car.  Well, needless to say, this totally started out the wrong way from the very beginning.......... Tom, the General Manager, walked right past us and did not even acknowledge us.  His attitude was curt, very rude, negative and condescending.The Sales Manager and Tom immediately started talking money (mind you we haven't even seen the car they supposedly had on the lot yet) and the pricing was different from what the Sales Manager had originally quoted by about a $2000-$2500 difference.  Not a lot in comparison to buying a $100,000 car, although, it is the principle, and we had not even seen the car.  When we asked if we could see the car they had on the lot they stated they must have just sold it and that they could not get another Escalade for about 2-3 months.  Tom went back to his office to see if there was another Escalade available and said that there was one although they would not have it in inventory for about 2-3 weeks.  Then he proceeded to tell us there were no Black Raven/Kona 2015 Escalades in AZ, maybe one in CA and 0 in NV.  We asked if they traded with other dealerships and again he stated there were none in AZ.  We had purchased our previous Escalade when Earnhardt was Legends which was a good experience.  Going to Earnhardt was such a huge let down, they were so unbelievably rude, unprofessional and honestly they did not know the product they were selling.  Needless to say we were extremely disappointed in the way this whole situation was handled.  This was the WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE we have ever experienced and we left abruptly.  Bottom line.... . we looked online that same day and low and behold we found 4 Black Raven/Kona 2015 Escalades, in AZ no doubt, and at Arrowhead Cadillac in Glendale.  Just fyi Earnhardt Cadillac...we drove off the lot on Sunday with our brand new 2015 Black Raven / Kona Interior Escalade from Arrowhead Cadillac.   For those of you considering a Cadillac purchase, do not waste your time at Earnhardt Cadillac, make the drive and go to Arrowhead Cadillac in Glendale.  Arrowhead offered us the most incredible, professional experience we have ever had and they treat you like a person should be treated, with a little respect.   Everyone was happy, the dealership is beautiful and the Sales Managers know what they are doing, this was such a fun and seamless experience.  Arrowhead has earned our business.
1	Earnhardt Cadillac, Scottsdale - LIES AND COVER UPS...WHAT A CUSTOMER SERVICE NIGHTMARE!   In January of 2011, I purchased a 2008 Cadillac STS, in excellent condition, with less than 20,000 miles - 20,000 ARIZONA MILES!  That means so snow exposure, and little, if any at all, rain exposure.  With such low mileage and the excellent condition of the car, I was looking forward to several years of enjoying it.  Cadillac vehicles have been a constant in my family for as long as I can remember.  My grandfather bought a new one every 12-18 months and my father has ALWAYS had a Cadillac -  a new one every 2 years.  I was excited to continue this family tradition.  I took extra special care of the car...as I do all my cars.  I purchased the extended warranty and serviced the car, oil changes and ALL other service,  ONLY at Legends Cadillac, which became Earnhardt.  In the early part of 2014, my car began making an unusual noise only upon the first cold start in the morning.  Of course, I took the car to Earnhardt for a diagnosis.  I was told that the service department was unable to replicate the noise and thus could not provide a diagnosis, but that the car seemed to check out and be running just fine.  There were no concerns.  The power train warranty expired at the end of June, while the car was still well below 70,000 miles.  In August of this year, while driving with my 2 young children, I received a message stating "OIL LOW, TURN OFF CAR."  I was able to drive to the dealership for service.  This appointment revealed only, according to JD - our service manager, that an oil pressure sensor wire had come loose causing the alert message.  I asked if this could be related to the noise that they had been unable to diagnose, which had significantly worsened over time.  JD told me "no," stated that the car was running fine and sent me on my way.  A couple of weeks ago, with the noise now EXTREMELY loud and a noticeable hesitation on acceleration, my wife contacted JD and told him that there was definitely a problem and demanded to drop the car off at service.  Two days later, I received a call from JD stating that there was a major problem, oil pressure related, that had caused extensive damage to the engine and would cost $4,800.00 to repair!  Oil pump issue.  I ended the conversation knowing that I did not have $4,800.00 laying around and available, to fix the car.  I also stated that a Cadillac that has been babied, with less than 70,000 miles, should absolutely not have repair issue of this magnitude.  I then received a call from JD, much later the same day, stating that he had "taken it upon himself and spent several hours on the phone with Cadillac, going to bat for me, to have the repair costs reduced."  He then revealed a reduced repair cost of $1,800.00, and acted as though I should be forever grateful for this good deed on behalf of himself and Cadillac??  This "good deed," if anything, indicates to me a sense of guilt or responsibility.  I responded stating that this was still an enormous amount of money and a problem that should not exist at less than 70,000 miles.  Additionally, I reminded him that I had brought the car in to service, prior to the expiration of the Power Train warranty, for this issue AND that the car had been in service for an "OIL PRESSURE ISSUE" in August.  Again, he mentioned the "good deed offer" that Cadillac was willing to extend.  My wife went to the dealership to pick up the car.  She requested full service records and was told, by JD, that he was "unable to print them," and that he "could only see them on his computer screen."  He blamed this issue on the Legends/Earnhardt transition.  My wife insisted on obtaining the service records, even if it meant that she would need to take pictures of his computer screen showing the records.  JD replied saying that he "would try."  He then returned 10 minutes later with printed service records.  My wife noticed that the most recent records were missing and asked JD about them.  He acted surprised and said that he would check again?  He returned with the service record from August 2014.  My wife proceeded to ask about the record for when the car was brought to service for the "unidentifiable noise,"  PRIOR TO THE POWER TRAIN WARRANTY EXPIRATION.  She was told, by JD, that because there was no "service" completed, there was no official record of the visit?!?!?!In summation, neither Earnhardt nor GM/Cadillac, has made any attempt to follow up with me regarding the situation, even though I have pursued an answer on a management level.  They have clearly demonstrated that the loyalty in this relationship was one sided, on my part, and that they clearly to do not value my business.  Do yourself a favor, STEER CLEAR OF EARNHARDT CADILLAC IN SCOTTSDALE, AND CADILLAC IN GENERAL!
3	The experience started out great I was greeted promptly when I dropped off the car and hung out in a comfortable customer lounge. Once the car was gone they offered me a car wash. I asked how long it would take they said 20 minutes actually ended up taking 50 minutes and then I had to go find my adviser (Brandon) who was kindly helping an older couple. Yes, i was frustrated, but it was not his fault. The couples actual adviser(an older guy) apparently did not know how to work the system so he stole my guy. Why do they have someone working there who doesn't know how to use CUE?
1	The service team may want to take a field trip to Mercedes or Audi to get a better understanding of what a luxury car experience is all about. Lower your expectations as far as you can and still expect to be disappointed.This place is sadly lipstick on a Chevrolet pig. Don't waste your time.
1	I have been bitterly disappointed by this "Luxury" Dealer.  I had an emergency while my wife and I were in town.  I called the service department 9 times, left 4 messages over 2 days and no one EVER called back.  I had recently spent thousands of dollars on service maintenance here and the next week my stabilitrac light came on and continued flashing while driving.I don't think it is related to the work they had done but I needed to get it in right away and find out if it was OK to drive.  I am going to another dealership today that answered my call right away and were pleasant and friendly.By the sound of the receptionist this is a common issue and I do not think anyone gets a call back, certainly not in a timely manner.I would suggest buying and servicing from somewhere else where they treat you right.JT
