4	This airport Starbucks is really nice and open. There's plenty of seating and there's several key tables located near posts with A/C for charging the phone/laptop or blow-drying one's hair. Service at this Starbucks is quick and because the atrium-based Starbucks is prior to TSA, it far less busy than the small, old dirty location just past the TSA.Great job and funny barista!
2	Really manager, you want to argue with me when I was given clearly a days-old croissant and thought you should know?!  Not even worth arguing. Extra star is because they gave me a small glass of water with no hassle. I actually wanted to buy their bottled water but it was room temperature for whatever reason.
1	Nice clean location, but horrible staff and horrible attitude. Sep 17, 2013, my wife was buying a cup of coffee there. She had a problem with the throat and could not speak loud. The coffee was too hot and my wife tried to ask for an extra cup to put one cup inside the other. The associate named Lupe was talking to someone else and did not notice my wife. Eventually, my wife tried to reach out to get an extra cup from the stack by the register. Lupe jumped and hit my wife's hand and told her that she was supposed to ask for a cup instead of taking it. When I told her and her manager that it is unacceptable to apply physical violence to customers, they did not get it. They just had blank looks...I wish Starbucks paid more attention to the customer service personnel. In PHX T3 starbucks location the staff attitude is very disappointing...
4	Giving this Starbucks 4 stars because of the customer service of the morning staff only. Been to this location at other times of the day and nothing compared to the morning staff. They are very friendly and do their best to great everyone with a smile. They actually take into account people are flying. I do agree with other reviews of the pastries. They suck and they are never that fresh but they also aren't the same pastries you find in the stand-alone Starbucks.
3	Great tasting half-caf.  But, the service was a bit slow for me.  I don't normally come to an airport with a lot of time to spare, so pulling up to the starbucks and getting my coffee in less than 5 minutes would be appreciated.  Nevertheless, I had time to spare, so the long line and wait wasn't much of a problem this time.  I think that perhaps they were caught off guard by the crowd on this day.  One thing I've noticed is that Starbucks franchise service is not as good as the service one received in the Starbucks stores that are owned by Starbucks.  Oh well, grab your coffee and drink up then pull up your laptop and charge up!
1	Mmmm tasty croissant right out of the ice box and directly into my bag.  I love paying $2.50 for over priced cold hard bread.  Keep up the good work!
5	This is the best Starbucks ever and it's all because of the employees. The night shift employees are amazing! Super sweet, friendly, and go out of their way to make your drink, and your day. I always leave here laughing and in a better mood then when I came. ( call them my new best friends) and not because they make my iced caramel to perfection;) also very clean and fast, nice airport location with tables. Thanks guys, see you in a few hours!!
2	Distasteful service. How can you be out of decaf and not apologize for it? You are Starbucks....right? I didn't even order it. The lady in front of me did. Sad.
