1	I had some time to kill and stopped in here on an impulse to try a gel manicure. I've done gel manicures myself at home and love how they last at least two weeks. Since I was treating myself and having them done, I figured I'd go for the french manicure since I'm not that coordinated to do that for myself. I was the only customer in there, until a woman stopped in to have a nail repaired. Having nothing else to do, the rest of the staff sat around and talked and listened to their ipods and played with their phones. The place wasn't very clean and a fine layer of nail dust seemed to coat everything at my nail techs station. She shaped my nails kind of square-ish, which is not really my preference, but they look pretty good. You have to "cure" the polish under the UV light for each layer in order to set it. This just takes a minute or two but my nail tech proceeded to use her phone during this time. I find this annoying.  I paid $35 plus tip for the french gel manicure, and they charge $30 for a regular gel manicure. My disappointment as I look at my nails one day later, is that there is a chip already. Gel nails aren't supposed to chip and they are supposed to last at least two weeks and just sort of grow out as your nails grow. So what's the deal? I guess I'm better off doing them by myself at home.
2	I originally gave the following five star review and had to REVISE..."I was staying at the JW Marriott across the street and in desperate need of a manicure.  Not wanting to pay a million dollars at the hotel, I saw the place and walked in.  It was extremely crowded, which is annoying, but a good sign.  I got the gel manicure and the spa pedi.  It was absolutely amazing and the service was to die for.  The massage for my feet was extra long... Wonderful. The hand massage extended to my shoulders and was amazing.  If I lived here, I would be back every  other week and a regular.  Wow... I am happy!  Yay!!!"My gel manicure started chipping AFTER ONE DAY.  Boo.  This is NOT supposed to happen.  Other reviewers had the same response and I couldn't believe it because I had a good experience.  if you go here get a REGULAR manicure NOT GEL.  It was a huge disappointment the next day and I didn't have time to go back.  Spent the rest of my trip with ugly chipped nails.
1	I just moved here and found the perfect nail place...but it's 20 minutes away and I needed something close today so I tried this place. There are a couple other places close by but I decided to try this place. Got a manicure and a pedicure today. The employees were friendly. However, the pedicure chairs are very old and absolutely the lowest quality chairs I have ever seen in a salon. During the manicure I noticed that the station had layers of grime all over the lamp and other things and was extremely gross. There were also what appeared to be two small pubic hairs sitting in top of the lotion bottle. I asked for my nails to be buffed rather than having clear-coat applied;  she didn't tell me they charge $5 to buff although the clear-coat was free....found that out at the register. Anyway...go across the street to the nail salon next to Starbucks rather than this place. I will not make the mistake of going here again.
4	Maybe I lucked out - who knows - but my experience was mostly positive.  I walked in on a Friday afternoon with no appointment and was seated in a spa chair immediately. Though the space is tight, the tech gal was attentive and thorough. She took her time and did a quality job on my spa pedi and gel mani. This store had tons of gel colors, and the up-selling/add-ons was kept to a minimum. Two days later after lots if sun and pool time, the nails still look fantastic - brand new, no chipping, and I'm happy I went. $35 for a spa mani/pedi but gel is extra, not too shabby. Much better than paying premium local resort hotel spa charges.  Update:  Also, my gel mani lasted exactly 3 weeks!!
4	I stopped in on my way home. I found the staff to be very pleasant. The lady, Thi, that did my pedicure, was very friendly and polished them up in a patriotic theme for July 4th. The shop is small, and they were really pushing "the extras," but I thought it was a pleasant enough place. And my pedicure looks great!
1	I have gone here before for pedicures and they were great, but went yesterday for a badly-needed pink and white back-fill and boy, what a botched job! He (don't know the guy's name - balding and middle-aged) took nearly 90 minutes (i usually budget 45-50) and he did the white tips so skinny and so arched, they are barely covering my nail whites and will probably need a complete $35 re-do in a week (v. 3-4).  I can already see daylight when I hold my hand up to the light. And the skin all around my nails is sore from him over filing dremeling and buffing.Go to the girls for pedicures,  but do NOT let the guy touch your fingernails!!!
1	I have been going here for a while now. About 2 weeks after my last manicure (when the polish came off) I started to notice on my middle finger changes in my nail bed (discoloration) after 3 weeks the nail started lifting from the side and was getting thick, yellow & crusty on that same side of the nail. I was really concerned and went to a dermatologist and YES they did confirm that it was Nail Fungus!! This was the ONLY place I have been to in the last ten months and I have no doubts this is where I got it from. I'm very upset because fungus is not something that can just go away on its own and it is never a sure bet that it will ever go away with treatment, plus it is very unsightly!  Please make sure wherever you go all the equipment is sterilized properly and that the bowls and sinks that your feet and hands are in are cleaned very well. I don't believe that they properly sanitize anything because if you watch they will just rinse out the tubs and stick the next customer right in and then get their nail equipment out of a plastic container. No sterilizing between customers. Ugh, I'm upset.  Be aware of this place ladies!!
1	I don't even want to give this shop one star!! So disappointed that I just paid $30 for a botched gel job. The tech didn't even apply the gel over my whole nail, he missed the sides on 4 nails and didn't clean up the gel he left on my skin. I was fine with the length of my nails and the tech kept insisting in putting on acrylics to make them look "prettier" or another  substitute, when I politely declined, he actually paints the tops of my nail to make it look like my nails were longer but it made them look hideous. If you can, AVOID THIS SHOP and spend your money elsewhere!!
3	I am not a local. Before visiting, I did not have time to have the pedicure before I left so I needed to get this taken care of while here. They were close to our hotel and it looked clean inside.It was a busy Saturday late morning. I was greeted and told it would be about 15 minutes before they started. It was close to that, maybe 20. They do something I hadn't seen before which was to use disposable inserts in the pedicure tubs. Not sure how eco-friendly this is but I liked it from a sanitary perspective.My nail tech was polite, skilled and efficient. For a $25 basic pedicure, I was very satisfied.
1	Will never return. Worst manicure ever, chipped the next day. My manicurist kept shooting snot rockets and picking her nose in the sink between clients. None of my nails were the same shape. My friend with me got a French gel manicure and her girl took over an hour and a half to do them, and they started chipping the next day! Never going back.
1	I should have read the reviews first, but I was staying up at the JW and this was on my way home, so I thought I would stop.  The guy that did my gel manicure did not seem like he wanted to be there, he did not take the time for the acetone to take of the color, he seemed to be in a hurry to get out of there, so he ended up scraping one of my original nail and he said not just the polish and I go no, look.  I did not get the cuticle cream on my nails, and he did a crappy job on the cuticles, he went over them three or four times.  The massage part was ok, but his hands smelt like smoke, not impressed.  The price was $5 more than what I am use to, which would have been fine, if he knew what he was doing.  I received a $5 off coupon on my next visit if I spend over $36, that will not happen.  Too many other nail places to go to that will be better than this.
3	We found this place because we didn't want to spend as much as the hotel spa for a pedicure. It was clean and it was reasonable price. They were friendly enough and my friend and I had no issues or complaints. Good value and clean.
1	CASH only tips means the tech here do not report to the IRS. I have never been to a salon that refuses to do tips on credit/debit. I only came here because I was staying at the resort and the pool was closed due to bad weather so I told the girls we would get pedicures. So the CASH only demand for tips is lame and tacky and probably illegal. I had no cash on me so it put me in a weird spot. Second, the girl that did my nails although she did a good job was on her phone half the time. she is one of these girls that cannot put her phone down for 5 minutes. When you are providing a service to someone, stay off the phone. Last time I will come here.
4	I am a constant yelper. Wow I didn't even look at the reviews. I just needed to get my nails done so I stopped in!!  I got a mani/pedi gel polish change and had no issues. I just did a simple light pink because it's simple , elegant and professional. The man who did my nails spoke little English, but he did everything right. He soaked, shaped, communicated and tried to be socialable! I suppose every nail salon is a hit or miss, especially if they have a diverse amount of employees. I'm surprised my experience went so well.
