4	[SHOCKED!]  No one has written a review about B&N in the Arboretum??!!??I guess that does illustrate the shift in bookstores will the online market like Amazon....  I do like the steps that B&N are taking to try to adjust to the times.  Example 1:  The Nook E-Reader is pretty cool and shows that it will give the Kindle a run for it's money.  Still there is no e-replacement of a physical book in ones hand and the smell of pages as you thumb through.This B&N is large, very large.  There is a coffee shop located in the center of it and tons of seats and couches around the store for nestling in for a good read.  I always feel guilty doing that and not buying anything, but to each his/her own.That being said, the pricing in the store is habitually higher than prices you can fine online.   Even books in their "bargain" section seem a little high as well.I'll stick to using the store to browse and for gift ideas for the time being.
3	I am still sad that Border's is closing... it was my favorite "big box" style   bookstore. But my second choice for mega-bookstores has always been the B&N store at the Arbo.  Even though they don't offer the same variety of games, music, and movies that Border's offered, they do have a nice selection of books, magazines, and gifts.  This location is popular with the local teachers as well... when my daughter was at Providence High School, her AP English teachers would submit their required reading lists to this B&N location so that they could stock up on the books that the students would be needing.  Very convenient!   (You could often find the books cheaper online, but we were procrastinators, so it was much quicker & easier to just stop by B&N!) This location has a Starbucks in the center of the bookstore that really gets packed at times.  It is a popular place for friends to meet for a cup of coffee and a chat.
3	Like Julia, I am still sad that Borders is out of business.  I was their guy through and through, but oh well.  Now Barnes and Noble is my preferred option when I get the big bookstore bug. (Yes, Charlotte has good little bookstores, but I argue that the two experiences are quite different.)Of the two Barnes and Noble's in my usual territory, I must admit that I prefer the South Park location.  This one seems like it might be a little bigger with more books, but it's also older (which isn't necessarily a bad thing) and tends to be overrun with teenages when school's out (which definitely can be a bad thing).  Also, the coffee shop is right smack dab in the middle of the store, which is a bit exposed for my taste.  I know that's a personal issue, but I imagine there are at least a few other people who don't like being set on a pedastal in the middle of a huge store when drinking coffee.That being said, I do visit this store, and I usually get good service, and that makes it solidly A-OK.
3	I'll have to step out of the shadows here and say that while I do like B&N and Borders, I think that Books A Million on Steele Creek makes for a better bookstore with a larger selection of periodicals and Borders is definitely a better hangout. But hey, Barnes and Noble is still a solid choice and this one is good. Pretty quiet and with a large selection of books, there are a few spots where you can sit with your laptop to suck down the free wifi and drink a Starbucks coffee.Staff is helpful and knowledgeable, if you can find them. Bathroom is clean-ish.
4	I'm a book junkie, so it's easy to give any B&N a glowing review.  This one in particular is one of my favorites in the Charlotte area (vs. the locations at Carolina Place Mall and off the corner of Sharon/Colony).  The reason being is that it's one level, so everything you could possibly need is all within the same walking floor: magazines, books from every genre, and attractive central eatery with plenty of seating.
3	We came to pick out a bargain bin book for our book club, but ended up staying to browse through other sections.I have been looking at the Foxfire series on the web, but hadn't gotten a chance to read one. Barnes and Noble had the Foxfire Christmas book at a reasonable price, so I picked it up. This is the kind of book browsing experience you can't have on the web.
3	Decided to spend the afternoon at B&N since my boyfriend was looking for a new read.. Sunday, so while I expected a fair amount of family's and the noise that comes with them, I was pleasantly surprised that even the children passing through were well behaved and virtually unnoticeable from behind my book. The disruption was instead caused by employees. I realize this isn't a library, but customers camping out and reading quietly is the norm at any B&N. 2 lady employees were complaining loudly; one was a teacher, maybe the other was as well? The one complaining loudly was young and clearly unhappy with her students. From there I heard all about how they didn't listen to her instruction on an assignment and her subsequent "punishment quiz" she gave them afterwards. This conversation made me sad. I couldn't help but listen as they were standing literally right in front of me and they were by no means hiding their remarks. Clearly this woman isn't connecting with her students and instead of taking a different approach she went with punishment. No wonder her students didn't listen to her, she seems to hate her job...My boyfriend had left his book in the chair next to me... I saw it when he did it and knew he was doing it wrong; he'd left the book face down and open (the way you shouldn't leave a book). I didn't think much of it knowing that he would be purchasing it, however the other employee did. She clearly didn't realize we were together and when she noticed the book she grabbed it and exclaimed how much she hates it when people do that. I explained that he was coming back and the he would be purchasing this book to which she shoved a magazine subscription card in his place and explained they can't sell the books after they've been bent like that. Totally understand her point. 100%. She just seemed so unapologetic after I told her the situation and caught her exploding unnecessarily.I guess the point of my review is more about professionalism on the job... Happy with the store as a whole, disappointed in the employees. Makes me not want to ask for help in the future...
