3	A coworker of mine passes by this location daily and did me a solid by sending a text promptly at 7:00am to announce that the location was officially open.  I swung through the newly opened store, which was bustling as of 7:45am.  Despite the busy nature, I was able to secure a spot standing inline at the new store, placed my order and left in well under five minutes.The coffee is as you'd expect - solid.  The donuts are just like they are at almost any other Dunkin Donuts - respectable.  Donuts are a bit like pizza; it's really hard to get a bad one, but it takes a bit extra effort to make an exceptional one.  If you're a fan of Dunkin Donuts and have been longing for a Madison location, fret no more!They have a drive through as well, but it was pretty backed-up, which is to be expected on opening day at 7:45am.  Give them a try!
3	Slow. But polite. We stopped by on what was, I believe, the 4th or 5th day this location was open. My brother was visiting and he LOVES donuts from Dunkin (and lamented the closing of the last Madison location in the late 90s), so we thought we'd pull through the drive-through and grab a quick dozen. A dozen assorted and 2 coffees took nearly 10 minutes. HOWEVER, the gal at the window repeatedly apologized and let us know they had been a bit overwhelmed by demand that day. She was polite and smiley even as her coworkers were hurriedly running around filling orders that they seemed to be a little low on stock for. My thought is that this location is brand new and is still cutting its teeth. Our donuts and coffee were delish  - as expected. They just took forever. And the line of cars behind us was backing up. Once this location gets a bit more experience, I'm sure the service times will improve and, hopefully, I'll be able to boost the star rating on another visit.
4	While my donut allegiance remains strong and true to Greenbush Bakery (mmm, apple fritters), it's not always easy for me to get over there while on the way to work.I stopped-by DD today to pick-up some Munchkins for my project team; the drive-thru was full, so I stopped inside, where I was promptly greeted by a long line of people waiting to order donuts, coffee, and sammiches.The line moved incredibly quickly; DD had two cashiers going, and both were expedient. When it was my turn to order, a very friendly and helpful employee by the name of Jackyln went above and beyond to prepare my order. She made a few suggestions, threw in an extra munchkin, and was extremely fast. She packed-up 50 munchkins in the blink of an eye; my coffee was ready in less than 15 seconds. Talk about superb service.Depsite the packed nature of the place, everything appeared clean and orderly; the employees were working like a well-oiled machine should. I couldn't help but to notice the non-stop stream of cars in the drive-thru moved quickly as well. Great experience, and my team informs me that the munchkins are excellent.
2	We went through the Drive-Thru around 6AM, and it was incredibly slow there.  While there was only one car in front of us, it took them over 6 minutes to get through.  They should have taken a page from other fast food places and had them pull up so we could pick up our order.  However, that itself might not have saved time as they got our relatively simple order wrong as well.  The food was good of course, and the coffee was excellent, but the group working there right now is super inefficient.
1	I don't know where to start, but overall, it was a lousy experience.I don't frequent any DD very often, but stopped at this one on the way to work for breakfast today.I got a flatbread breakfast sandwich, hash browns, and a pumpkin latte. The latte tasted like sewer water and I gave up trying to drink it after half the cup. The hash browns were actually pretty good, but the guy who handed me the food (who was the manager) didn't give/ask about ketchup. The sandwich was incredibly dry and the bread was hard/stale.The staff were friendly and the entire thing only cost $6, but I guess you get what you pay for.As far as food, you're 0 for 3, Dunkin.
1	What is the point of being open 24 hours when you don't even have donuts in stock?Four times.I've gone four times to this location. Not at peak hours - but at times like the afternoon, in the evening, and at night. All four times I ask for some French Cruellers, and all four times they say they are out of it. One time of this happening? Fine, it's understandable. Four times in a row??McDonalds doesn't tell me they are out of Big Macs and Taco Bell doesn't say they have no more crunchy tacos. Dunkin Donuts, the American fast food establishment for donuts, doesn't have donuts.Just stop being 24 hours and just be open when you got donuts - like in the morning. Because it seems like you don't have them from the afternoon to just before morning - times that you are currently open. Freaking luring me to you as a bastion of yumminess at odd hours of the night, just to bait and switch me in an attempt to instead get your other products, only pisses off the customer so much more.I'm done with this place.
3	I'm writing this review after eating my 6th donut in 2 days and 10th in a week; all from Dunkin.  Now, I like donuts, a lot, and I've had great and less than mediocre from different places.  Dunkin is right there in the middle.  This location has a very convenient drive thru for when getting out of the car is just too much of a task. The service has always been super friendly and of course fast as the donuts are pre made.  My one gripe is that two of the donuts that I had today were stale.  Not too stale to eat, trust me.  But stale enough to notice. With that said however, I'm kind of in donut mode right now so I will keep coming here until that wears off!
4	I have had both the drive thru and the interior dinning experierences. I have been pleased with all my visits. Staff were polite and friendly, service was quick, and the food (donuts in my case) were delicious. The drive through has been very convenient, but hope you dont get someone in front of you that orders the breakfest sandwiches because it does tend to hold up the line. But for donuts and coffee, you are in and out in less the 90 seconds.
2	Eggs benedict sandwich great idea poor execution very bland and tasteless not enough ham English muffin was stale.
2	Not a fan of this location, regardless of it being most convenient, but they consistently mess up my drinks, since the very first time When they first opened. I only stop here if it's late at night when the one on park is closed.
