5	Great little Italian place in a random strip mall on Warner. When I used to live in that area I would go often but haven't made it out in a long time. The menu is not the heavy, cheesy, red-sauce laden type of Italian, but good, classic dishes made with fresh ingredients and light, delicate but perfectly flavored sauces. But they don't skimp at all and give you portions to leave you very satisfied. The focaccia bread served at every table is heaven.  And the daily specials are a sure bet for a great meal. Even their pizza is perfection - fluffy, perfect amount of mozzarella.  It's a comfortable and dimly lit restaurant with a bar, too, with drink specials, so it's not a "sleepy" restaurant and gives just enough buzz in the atmosphere.
4	Bottle of red, bottle of white, it all depends upon your appetite...I'll meet you anytime you want in our Italian Restaurant...Enough with the old song lyrics already!This place has a nice atmosphere and family Italian restaurant feel.  Not a little place in Brooklyn feel, more like the feel Olive Garden is trying to rip off from places like this.Awesome bread to start out, decent wine list, very good service and very good food.  Good portions served up with plenty of fresh, flavorful sauces.
2	The food had no flavor.  It's a very generic Americanized version of Italian food.  It tastes very similar to the Macaroni Grill.  The bread had to be soaked in olive oil to taste good otherwise it tasted a little stale.  The tomato sauce tastes similar to a bottled sauce you can get at any grocery store. There was nothing authentic or homemade tasting about the sauce. The portions were generous and the prices were nice.This is a not an authentic NY style or Sicialian style restaurant with flavor. When we dined there at 6 PM on a weekday, the restaurant was empty. There were two old Italian people at a cash register at the front who didn't even make eye contact and were busy crunching numbers.  This restaurant has no passion or anything unique about it.   You can tell this restaurant is for the Olive Garden crowd who feels they are branching out and getting a unique Italian experience by eating here.  This restaurant reminded me of Italian restaurants in the southern United States or "Eye-talian" restaurants as I call them.  Think bland, lots of cheese, big portions, cheap prices, stereotypical dishes aka Carrabas
4	Try the Grandma's Pasta. It is divine. OK, maybe not divine, but it's pretty damn good. Doesn't really remind me of anything my mom used to make though. The girl got the spaghetti and meatballs -- I would stay away from that. The meatballs tasted really strange. Overall better than expected for the location.
2	I won't go back.  The food wasn't bad but it was bland.  I had to keep adding salt to my pasta dish just to get flavor in it.  I didn't think the bread was that good- greasy and flavorless... the caprese salad was pretty but flavorless as well.  I had to add salt and vinegar.  The pasta dish they made me was rigatoni, zucchini, eggplant, sun dried tomatoes and an asparagus cream sauce.  To me that sounds divine but the taste was just lacking.The service was attentive but assuming and flat, no personality.I do have to say that the atmosphere was more than I expceted for the location.
4	This place is pretty good for being an Italian joint, and I say that because I think that Italian is one of those genres that is best homemade. I tend to think, "I can make better," or "Prego is better than this."Got the seafood ravioli, which was really good. The pasta with vodka sauce was soupy, but our friend said it was good. Meatballs and Chicken Parmesan dishes looked good. All of the portions are large. I don't often comment on service, but I wouldn't go here if you're going for a romantic ambiance. Our server was gruff and he said it best when he admitted he came from TGIFriday's. "Are we doing separate checks? If so, I need to know now or I can't do it." He had an I-don't-give-a-crap attitude, which I'm okay with, but I wouldn't want you to go here, get him, and feel like you're in a sports bar.
1	Marcello's pretty much sucks.  The service and decor are mediocre.  The food gets a D+/C-.  The Caprese salad featured extremely underripe tomatoes (come on, I know it's Septmber but you can still get a decent friggin ripe tomato), and grainy mozzarella.  Too many "herbs" (none fresh) and no balsamic on it or available.  Boo.  I tried the chicken with pepperoncini and sausage, bad idea.  Overcooked poor quality chicken and some sauce-like thing I would never try to duplicate let alone serve and charge money for.  My date had the veal marsala which was a stretch to call pedestrian. But you can't mess up 5 layer chocolate cake for dessert, right?  WRONG.  Dry, gravelly, and a host of descriptions I can't effectively articulate.  Avoid this place.
3	Went for dinner with some friends last night (Saturday)...ok it was an ASU football night but the place was a ghost town.  Greeted by the owner behind the bar - nice guy.  Offered my wife a taste of his strawberry vodka; offered me 100 proof  Belvedere at the same price as regular Belvedere - he was obviously trying to make us feel welcome - and succeeded.  I liked the guy.Good food, but the place is a bit 'off'...I hope he can save it.Service was ok, not great.  We 'lost' our waitress for a while and would love to have been served some bread as we reviewed the menu - but ended up waiting and then had to ask her for some bread (bread was not that good).Decent menu, some interesting specials but in the end, the food was was not bad and I would like to try more dishes.  Presentation is not high on their list - they kind of slap a mass of food on a plate, bury it in marinara.  My wife asked for only marinara on her pasta instead of the aglio-olio but ended up getting both.  Presentation was just a bit sloppy.Our waitress did not and could not open a bottle of wine.  We had to help and eventually another waiter came over to finish the task.The place does need a bit of an update and could be much, much better with a little effort. Why do the waiters/waitresses wear black??? Try white jackets, much more inviting...I think the owner better go check out Miele's in Tempe and some of his other local competition, or at least reads Yelp for some direct feedback.If you are a regular maybe you want to tell the owner about Yelp!
3	Well, if there are no other restaurants  open in S. Tempe, then yes I will return. This restaurant is within walking distance, so I was really, really hopeful.We came on a Monday and it was vacant in the dining room. One other couple  was just leaving. There were a few folks at the bar and they looked like they were having a good time. I thought about coming back for a drink as we were being seated. I'm still thinking about it but I won't be eating. We started with the fried calamari - it was okay and oddly on the dry side for a fried item, I'd almost guess it was frozen and had been microwaved. We  both ordered the specials and they were awful. The pasta with tomato cream sauce and the chicken and sauteed vegetables.  Both were scalding hot to the taste, lackluster, bland and really, really salty. I got the impression the dishes had been frozen and microwaved on blast. It caused the sauce to actually bubble on my plate. The bread that was brought was good and my side salad was tasty. The dipping sauce for the bread was a little odd- grated Parmesan and olive oil. Makes for a gluey dip. The service was impeccable. Due to above mentioned saltiness, I powered through 3 glasses of water and the waiter was right there with the pitcher. So, excellent service, hence the 3 stars and the hope that they might have a decent bar. I'm a sucker for a good bar, so I'll be back and report my findings. Wish me luck .
4	Love this place for casual Italian food. Food and service is always consistently good and you can't beat the Dinner for 2 special for $29.95! This is the only Italian restaurant in the Valley where I have been able to find truly spicy shrimp fra diavolo like the one I had in Little Italy in NYC!
5	Marcello's is the best Italian restaurant in Arizona!  Their menu is large, and their specialties are many, every day!  I always order off the specialties, because they are too good to pass up!  The staff is phenomenal, and treat us like members of their own family.  To show our dedication to how much my family has embraced Marcello's, my husband and I had our rehearsal dinner there, and our fave servers were able to serve us.  Be sure to ask for John!
4	My husband and I have been coming here for several years.  The atmosphere is nice but the food has always been the  reason we come back.  My husband finds the chicken parmesan to be the best (comparing it to other places) and I have had their spicy seafood dishes,  thick cut pork chops with portabella in marsala,  and the tender osso buco.  All are delish!  We don't usually try other dishes when we find some things we really like. They also are very accomodating if you want to order something not on their regular menu.  My husband loves their bread, and I so, so.   Comparing it to other places in town,  it's hard to beat.
3	A nice neighborhood restaurant with excellent food, weak drinks and an aloof owner.
1	This is quite possibly the worst restaurant I've ever eaten at in my life. I came here with my mom and as soon as I sat down I noticed that I had a dirty plate in front of me, ewwww! so I pushed it aside and asked for a new one.no biggy for now.I looked at the menu and noticed it wasnt that big at all and everything was around $14-$18 a dish so it better be good right! Well I ordered the veal piccata.....big mistake! it came with 3 flattened medallions of veal and spaghetti with an olive oil and garlic sauce, The veal was horrible it had no taste to it and what taste it did have wasnt good.It was way overcooked to the point that I could hardly even cut it. usually you would serve angel hair pasta with piccata but whatever it just didnt work at all the whole dish just looked sloppy and was swimming in sauce that should have been rendered much much further.the bread they served on the side was horrible and tasteless much like the rest of the meal, and the whole olive oil and parm thing was just nasty I mean come on people we know its the stuff out of the can! had to ask for balsamic for the bread to give it some flavor which the balsamic should be on the table in the first place.the waiter added drinks to our bill that we didnt get and I dont know if they do this all the time but he put down an automatic 18 percent tip for himself.......usually thats for parties over 6 right? I dont get that one but I dont think its right.and for the people that have given good reviews on this place dont trust them, im sure they are either employees or family because this place is disgusting!
5	I hold a place in my heart for restaurants like Marcello's.  The food is homemade Italian with some of the best sauces around.  In mentioning their sauces, I must bring up their fall-off-the-bone Pork Osso Bucco- Muah!  That and an appetizer of their stuffed eggplant and a glass of wine, I'm in heaven!   I've been going here for years and the service is as exceptional as the food.  You are always warmly greeted here by either the owner Tony or one of the other long-time employees. This straight from New York restaurant is awesome!  For those yelpers who did not have a great experience, it was a rare, one-time miss-hape, as I've been going here for years and have never had one bad experience!
1	This place was horrible! Went on a Saturday night and it was dead, and the service was not up to scale. The two person dinner deal was a good idea, but not well executed. The salmon ravioli was cold, and the only thing that was warm was the appetizer, which took half hour to come out. It's a little shady in the joint and I won't ever be going back. NEVER EVER.
4	It's difficult to get excited about Italian food. I can make spaghetti at home. I forget how many other Italian dishes are out there and Marcellos is one of the local places that does it well. They have a great variety, everything is made in the kitchen within full view of your table. They have a great Alfredo, green bean salad, chicken parm, shrimp, etc. A very professional staff and a nice decor.
4	Great place with great pasta! The only issue I've ran into with this resturant is the steaks. If you order a steak medium well it won't come medium well and it'll still be very bloody in the middle BUT I have to say the pasta is wonderful. I love the ravoli and the chicken parm.
2	I really have no idea how this place has so many 5 star reviews. I had the chicken marsala, the chicken was smothered in a sauce that seemed to be mushroom soup and soy sauce. The food was bland, uninspired, and just not very good. Dinner for 2 entrees and 2 sodas was close to $45, not at all what I would expect for that price.
1	Your web site stated 1/2 priced appetizers and $3.50 martinis and still you refused, stating there was a different Happy Hour Menu. Your sign out front said 40% off between 4pm and 6pm. Still no consideration. All this after we ordered and ate your mediocre appetizers and your waiter told us there was no problem. You even double-checked your web site and still did not reconsider. Business must be pretty good for you to turn away loyal neighborhood customers. And the food wasn't even that good. Sorry Marcello's ... that was your last chance.
1	RUN, RUN, RUN AWAY FROM MARCELLO'S!!!!!!!!!!!!! I have to say that I absolutely had one of the worst dining experiences of my entire life at this place. It was surreal!Let me explain. Years ago, my sister, a friend and I went here for dinner. We were seated in what was at the time an empty dining area. We waited for the server, none ever came. We waited longer, still no server to take our drink order. After about 20 minutes we stood up and left. Since that time I had no interest in going back.Then a groupon showed up... OK, so maybe I'll chalk it up to it just being an off night years ago. Tonight my sister and my nephew decided to go and use the groupon. I arrived first and was quickly seated by a very nice young man. Our server, Cheryl came over a few minutes later and took my drink order, I had the Sangria. Cheryl was very nice but seemed a little either nervous or out of sorts. No problem we all have off days. (However, side note to Cheryl: If you are in the service industry you really should keep your perfumes to minimum as it can be extremely overpowering and offsetting especially when serving food!) Cheryl brought me the Sangria and the water as requested. Good Sangria however, nothing really special... basically a sweet red wine with an orange slice. Certainly none of the layers of flavors you expect with Sangria. Decent start. My sister and nephew arrived and both ordered waters. Here's where it starts to get odd. Cheryl brings the waters back and sets down another Sangria in front of my sister. She then states that "it's sort of a freebie, I'm not sure where it came from so you can have it." She then asks if we are ready to order, we ask for a few minutes. She then looks up at the table two over from us and says: "Oh, I just remembered where this goes." She proceeds to pick up the glass and take it to the next table and serve it. 1) Weird, right? 2) Health code violation? 3) Rude? She comes back several minutes later and explains the specials (well 3 out of 7 specials we later find out) and we ask for a few minutes. Honestly, we were trying to see what the better deal was for our dollar. Groupon vs. 40% off Early Bird discount vs Dinner for two combo for $29.95. Cheryl returns and takes our order. Appetizer: EGGPLANT MARCELLOEggplant stuffed with cheese, served in a marinara sauce with caper and topped with melted mozzarella cheese $7.95Entree 1: RIGATONI VODKAEntree 2: CHICKEN PAILLARD(sub the pasta for a side of green beans $2.95 up charge)Entree 3: FETTUCINI ALFREDOAs we were waiting for the appetizer a fairly familiar scent from my youth wafted in our direction. I asked my sister if she smelled it also and she confirmed, smells like the kitchen staff is smokin' a lil weed in the back. I get how the restaurant industry works and honestly I don't mind as long as the food and service is good.Appetizer came out... It was OK...nothing special... had that previously frozen taste. Entrees came out... Entree 1: The Rigatoni Vodka was soupy and tasteless... extremely bland. I decided I wasn't going to eat it. Entree 2: One bite into the chicken and my sister decided that she wasn't going to eat it. It really should have been served in a bowl with as much "sauce" as it was in. I took a bite and agreed... the chicken was tough and bland and her whole plate was greasy... including the green beans. Entree 3: Does Chef boy-ardee make fettucini alfredo now? My nephew ate about half of it because he was starving but left the rest and didn't ask for a box. Just not good... you could tell that it is not made in house and again was very bland. I had enough and when Cheryl returned explained that we were not happy and asked for the manager. Mark showed up and we explained the situation. I mentioned the sangria incident, gave him a bit of advice in that if his staff was going to smoke weed they should really shut the back door so that the patrons do not have to smell it and final explained that we were not happy with the food. His immediate reaction was to say that "no one was smoking marijuana in the establishment." Whatever. I know what I smelled. He then offered to exchange the food. We explained that we were happy to pay for the drink, the appetizer and my nephews food but were not interested in trying anything else. Cheryl arrives with the bill. Surprise, surprise! It's wrong. (we went with the 40% discount but where charged full price). My sister explained the error and Cheryl corrected it. I provided my card to pay the total for the 3 items (w/the discount $19.26). When she returned she had only charged my card $4.95. She asked for my card again. I refused and asked for the manager again. Worthless. Bad food and incompetence do not make for a good dining experience. But hey... I did get the evil eye from the old lady that may be the owner... so that was fun!  :)Don't put yourself through this when there are so many better places out there!
3	Ate at Marcello's Saturday night ... food was average good ... disappointed that it didn't come with salad ... there were 2 of us and we were given 3 pieces of bread pretty quickly .. but the food took about 25-30 minutes to come out ... we wanted to ask for more bread and an ice tea refill but didn't see the waiter for at least 20 minutes.
2	Meh pretty much covers it. There were only 2 or 3 occupied tables in the place, but we weren't surprised since it was a Tuesday night. Bread was good, looked like cornbread, but didn't taste anything like it. I had the chicken and sausage with peppers--spicy! No warning on the menu about it! It was ok.Friend had the spicy shrimp dish--also just ok. Sauce wasn't spectacular though.On a positive note, our server was really nice.Definitely won't be going back and won't be making any recommendations.
4	Rigatoni vodka was excellent, service was perfect
4	I have to admit I was hesitant about going to Marcello's after seeing the ratings but as experience has taught me I read several of the reviews and many of the one and two star reviews complained about something petty that happened rather than a review of the whole dining experience and as usual the five star reviews have to be taken with a grain of salt as well. I had a coupon from the Entertainment book (they also have coupons on their website) so I gave it a shot.The restaurant was busy as it was a Friday night. It is a typical family owned neighborhood restaurant but a fairly large restaurant. We waited maybe 10 minutes and were seated and the manager came by and took our drink order. The waiter came by shortly and went over the specials and had some of their house made Focaccia bread brought out (to the one reviewer it is not cornbread so that is why it doesn't taste like cornbread) along with some Olive Oil sprinkled with fresh Parmesan.We had two of the special dishes an Asparagus Tortellini dish and a dish with Chicken cutlets rolled with prosciutto and cheese. Both were very good although the Tortellini was both our favorites. I have had the Chicken dish at other restaurants and although I like it, regardless of the restaurant it is always a bit dry even with the sauce. We were both pleased with our selections and glad that we tried something different.Although we were stuffed we couldn't resist the waiters offer to bring out the desert tray. I wish I had ordered this to go but we had a Cannoli and Flan. Both were excellent. Their Cannoli has the sweet filling and the Flan was drizzled with a Chocolate Sauce as well as the Caramel.The waiter was very friendly and knowledgeable and provided over and above service checking back often. The prices were very reasonable $12-14 average for Entrees and the drinks were reasonable. There was a good crowd and everyone seemed to be enjoying their meals. I am glad we gave Marcello's a shot and I would certainly go back again. Give it a try, you will be glad you did.
2	Hubby and I ate here in March on a Saturday night. They have a lovely outdoor patio, but we were quickly shown to an empty table inside. They were fairly busy. Our waitress seemed a bit scattered as we had to ask for the wine list, beverage refills, etc. Check the specials board for yourself, because they won't be explained to you.No offense to Marcello's if I am wrong, but I would bet my paycheck that the majority of the food is frozen. There's just no way it could be made fresh and come out that fast. Having said that, I had a seafood ravioli. Didn't care for the coarse texture of the filling; sauce was ok. I can't remember what hubby ate. Medium size portions (we ate all of ours but didn't get a starter or dessert). We didn't get bread refilled. The rosemary olive oil was nice though.As always, I ask what desserts they make in house. Two of the six or so. If you're looking for an un-special (sorry, made up word), fast dinner then this would be fine.
1	A Groupon experience that we should have skipped. The positives were attentive waitstaff and a great bartender. Also, the bread and the dipping oil was quite good.The negatives were in fact all of the food. My husband's osso bucco was edible, but seasoned oddly. My veal piccata was an oily salt lick. I sent it back and in only 15 to 20 minutes, I received an overcooked dry little pizza. Ucck! This experience was so disappointing! We will return only for their Wednesday Martini happy hours.
4	My family and I have been going here for years.  We have always enjoyed our food and the service has been great.  The chicken parmesan is the best!
1	Despite many of the extremely poor reviews that Marcello's has received on Yelp,my wife and I decided to take a chance and dine there last evening.  The short of it - I wish we hadn't. Service was generally good, the waitress was attentive and the restaurant had a suitable ambiance - a good combination of family style and traditional Italian.  The food, however, was a much different story.  My wife and I both ordered pizza - I ordered pepperoni and she ordered Canadian bacon with pineapple.  Both of our pizzas were the most absolutely tasteless, bland concoctions we have experienced.  There was literally NO SAUCE on either of our pizzas, just greasy cheese, a very flat, bland crust and a small amount of toppings.  Without sauce, the pizza was just terrible - it was dry, somewhat greasy from the cheese and it literally had no flavor whatsoever.  This was the most disappointing meal that I have had in quite some time and it came to $40 including tip for 2 pizzas, 2 soft drinks and 2 salads.  When I told the waitress about the quality of the food, she simply mentioned that they have a new person preparing the pizzas in the kitchen and that things may be a little off due to the transition.  It seems puzzling that someone, despite how new they are, could forget to put sauce on the pizzas.  Honestly, I'm not sure sauce alone would have been sufficient to revive Marcello's tasteless pies.If you are hungry for pizza, you will be much better off buying a Tombstone or a Jack's for $4 at Walmart and cooking it yourself.  Or better yet, go to Boulders on Broadway or Grimaldi's where you will get excellent food and great service at a comparative bargain price.
4	Got the Groupon, then read the reviews - oh no! But since we are open minded, pragmatic and able to form our own opinions we went ahead and checked this place out.We had a very good experience. I'm still chuckling that one reviewer thought that it was cornbread that they serve with the rosemary olive oil and Parmesan... Sheesh people, come on!My better half had the spinach ravioli, I had the veal parm. Very good food. A solid four stars. Looks like they have some killer specials too - we will be back to do the Monday any pasta & a salad for $9ish special!
2	We tried Marcello's while visiting from out of town. Service was very friendly, though somewhat slow, and the decor and music were nice. We got the calamari as an appetizer, and it was a little bland. There also were a few pieces of metal on the plate- not sure where they came from, but fortunately we didn't eat them. My husband had the pizza, which he said was wonderful. I ordered the spinach ravioli with marinara sauce. The food took a while to come out of the kitchen, which was surprising as there were not many people in the restaurant. When my ravioli arrived, it was made with the wrong sauce. They quickly got a new order out, but the pasta wasn't fully cooked.Even if we weren't out-of-towners, we wouldn't eat here again. Too bad, because I was really looking for pasta.
4	The people who say the food is "meh" need to get their taste buds checked.....just sayin'.  Lasagna - to die forCaprese salad with HOMEMADE Buffalo Mozzarella - great way to start off a delicious mealTiramisu - so delicious and creamyThe one thing I'd stay away from is the cannolis.  I wasn't impressed,  you'd be much better off with the Tiramisu!Overall, great place with a really intimate atmosphere.
4	There are two things I hate about corporate run national restaurants. First of all the food sucks because it's frozen then nuked and second, their million dollar advertising and marketing takes business away from amazing places like Marcello's.  I wander if people really believe that the Olive Garden sends their chefs to Italy.   Marcello's Pasta Grill is absolutely divine.  If your're on a budget they have dine-in specials and a family takeout special that I get almost every Saturday night.  It comes with salad, pasta and an entree for 4 (that's what they say but I feed 4 kids and 2 adults) and cost less than 30 bucks.  I usually sit in the bar and have a glass of red wine and converse with regulars while I wait for my takeout.  The bartender is fabulous and by the time I'm half way done with my glass the takeout is ready.  As I get up to leave this guy gets the bus boy's attention in Italian to open the door as I leave. Always an awesome experience.
1	I took my partner and mom to dinner there and was I sorry. First I should of known when it was 6PM and there were only 3 tables in the joint. The server was awful I wish I knew his name but he never told us. He arrived at table and asked for our drink order and left when he returned he asked if we were ready to order. My partner had to ask what the specials were as he obviously was not going to offer the information.  We ordered and proceeded to wait 40 minutes for our food. Still only 3 tables in the place.  We asked for some bread about 20 minutes after we ordered. The server never brought it until I asked again when he brought our food. When he did bring the food it set it all down and never asked if there was anything else he could bring us. He just walked away.  He brought me a "sprite that tasted like tonic when I told him he went to get another one. The "sprite" tasted the same so I told him again he took it away and never came back until we were complete with our meal to pick up our plates. He never offered dessert he just dropped the check. The bill was about $50 and still had the "sprite on the bill. The food was below average, I have been in the food business for many many years and this was a huge disappointment. The meatballs were tough to cut and were not even eaten. The side of asparagus was cold as I saw it sit in the window for about 15 minutes before rest of food was done it was 5.95.  I did have to go talk to the manager who took off the meatballs and the sprite. He seemed pleasant but I will never return to this establishement.
3	Went here for lunch.  I had one of the specials of the day, the seafood cannelloni.  My husband had the baked ziti.  We started out our meals with a nice cheesy foccacia-like bread with olive oil + parmesan cheese dipping mixture.  Our entrees were quickly made and came minutes after being ordered, which was nice since we only had a limited amount of time for lunch.  The seafood cannelloni was just one large tube of pasta, filled with crab, scallops, and shrimp.  The sauce was decent, a creamy tomato mixture.  However, the pasta tasted rubbery, and the shrimp was overcooked and tough.  My husband's ziti was pretty good though.  It was a large amount of pasta, with a nicely browned mozzarella topping.  The sauce itself had a nice smokey flavor to it, and the pasta was perfectly al-dente.  Service was good.  Drinks were refilled promptly as needed.So, a mixed experience here.  I'd definitely come here again for some fresh pasta dishes, but I'll pass on the cannelloni.
4	The coupon in the Entertainment Book brought us to Marcello's....the food and customer service will bring us back.  The place was packed and a tad slow, but the owner came around with shots of flavored vodka's they mix and was so personable, you felt like you were with family!  I can't recall the name of the eggplant appetizer, but it was fantastic!!!  We'll be back!
1	I'd rate it lower but the scale doesn't have negative numbers.  My wife and I have been to this restaurant twice.  The first time we went it was lousy, chicken was dry and tough, but we figured anyone can have a bad night.  Months later we tried it again and it was even worse.  My entree was both cold and burned at the same time.  My wife's entree was just so so.  There service is nothing special, their prices are way out of line with the quality. The quality is in the dumpster which is where their food belongs.
3	I love that this is a locally owned neighborhood place and the restaurant is very clean. The free focaccia bread was very good and it was a nice touch to have the Parmesan cheese on the table. Service was prompt. The wine list is small and I did notice some tables drinking sangria but we didn't try the sangria (only $6 per glass). It was family friendly with a good 10 and under child's menu with something more than chicken fingers. I had a special, penne giardino and it was flavorless!  We've done take out before and it was fine but don't go expecting amazing Italian.
2	We went here on a recommendation of a friend.  He told us he used to go here a lot but now frequents another Italian restaurant more often - he wasn't quite sure why.  I know why, the other one is much better. I was a little taken aback by the lack of Saturday night crowd but figured it was because it was the night before Easter. We had our waitress explain the specials and I ordered the "alla Russia" which she said was calamari, mussels, clams and shrimp in a cream sauce over pasta.  When the dish came, I didn't see any shrimp.  I was then told that the shrimp was mashed into the sauce. Well, ok then. The dish had 4 small clams, 2 mussels and then the calamari.  The sauce was good but the dish tasted very fishy.  Just like you should never buy fish at a place where you can smell it, your food should not taste that "fishy". I had the minestrone soup and my husband had the spinach and egg drop.  Both were lacking salt. I can understand that not everyone can take a lot of salt and neither can we but it needed something for flavor.  Once I added a LOT of grated cheese, it finally got a good flavor.  They served foccacio as the bread which was decent with the oil, balsamic and grated cheese mixture I made.  They should just automatically make that and serve it with the bread. My husband had the chicken parmesean and he says that was just the opposite of the soup and was too salty. Pasta was served with olive oil and garlic and he says that was cooked perfectly. On the plus side, the atmosphere was nice and service was great.
1	I've been there twice.  First time the food was ok, second time, no way, not ever again. We started with the calamari.  Poor quality and was overcooked.  We told our waiter it was the worst we ever had and received no response or offer to remove it from the bill.  Focaccia bread was stale.  We didn't even bother with ordering entrees -- it was easier to cut our losses.  From what I have observed, if you are a regular and know the owners or staff, you will probably have a great experience (plus you will know what NOT to order).  We firmly believe in supporting local businesses, but this is one that we will have to pass on.  I was compelled to share my comments since Marcello's has a Groupon out right now.  Spend your money somewhere else....
4	The food was excellent and service was very attentive. We sat outside on the patio and enjoyed a nice relaxed two hour dinner with a bottle if wine.We had the shrimp diavola- it was spicy and delicious. Also shared the Italian platter which had more cheese and meat than what was described. The double chocolate cake was to die for. We will definitely be back!
1	About the only thing that was good about this place was the way it looks.  I am a AZ native and grew up with an Italian newyorker stepmother and I can tell you that this is a sorry excuse for Italian food and the high prices of there crappy food will never make me come back.  I ate the pork shank with noodles what a let down, my girlfriend had chicken masala and shrimp and it tasted like it came out of a microwave.  Overall HORRIBLE save your time and go to riggitonis.
4	I have been here before and would have given it 2 or 3 stars. It seemed to be hit and miss. But after going back after not having been for awhile I will say they may have upped their game. Maybe. Now I would give it 3 and 1/2 maybe even 4 stars.Going here reminds us why we like local/Mom and Pop places. Unlike corporate places that spend millions of dollars to make sure that the staff treats everyone in that same kind of fake way and that everything on the menu can be made in a certain amount of time so it should all come out quickly so they can continually heard the masses through all night long, they are a little rough around the edges. They have remodeled and it is much more open and a lot nicer but still not perfect. It seems like they have paired down the menu a little so you are not bombarded with choices and can make up your mind a little easier. The staff is great and they seem like they genuinely want to take care of you and not in some fake way. My waitress was Lauren and she was helpful and very nice. Told us about the specials that we asked about and even made a special order drink that was technically not on the menu.The bread was very good and they even add Parmesan cheese in a little pile on the side of the usual oil and vinegar blend. Sure the food took a little longer to come out but you know it is being made fresh and by someone who cares how it comes out. Plus you can see right into the kitchen so you know there are no microwaves. I ordered the Linguine with white clam sauce. Now normally I am more of a fan of cream sauces vs wine sauces but this was really good. Lots of clams cooked just right none of them were tough. Sure there were a few garlic cloves that didn't quite get chopped up all the way but like I said rough around the edges. It is that little hint that it was really homemade.The prices are good. My plate was filled to the brim and I did not leave hungry. The service might be a little slow but it from genuine people not someone who has been drilled endlessly with corporate best practices and mission statements and garbage like that.So maybe this was a hit. I will go back and see if they hit again. Maybe the misses are over with. Only another visit will determine that but they did earn a return visit for sure.
4	If you are looking for true Italian food in the Chandler/Tempe area this is the place.  Family Owned and operated by a true Italian New York Family!  You walk in and are pleasantly surprised by the beautiful decor and the mom and pop rapport.  The service was good and friendly.  We started with a Caesar salad that was extremely tasty.  My husband had the linguine with red clam sauce that was delicious (huge chunks of garlic and clams visible).  I had the baked ziti that was no joke about 2 lbs of food and excellent.  My picky little daughter loved it too!  We ended with the cannoli dessert that topped off the already yummy meal!  The prices are very reasonable especially for an Italian restaurant.  With the coupons and incredible take out discounts this is a total hit!!!
3	Visited Marcello's for dinner with my family and arrived during happy hour. I asked the waiter for the happy hour deals on wine and he proceeded to open the booklet on our table. I ordered two different wines throughout the night but when the bill came neither of them were happy hour prices! He then walked away, I assumed to fix the bill, but came back informing me that it's only their house wines. You'd think he would have told me that from beginning! As for the food, it was... Meh. Big portions but very oily. I ordered the veal parmigiana which came with an excess of sauce. We did have the eggplant appetizers which is a must have!
4	we started going to Marcellos when the family was moving in and decorating the place.  their fairly recent remodel is really nice - good seating, nice open atmosphere and there was an entertainer there Friday night who was good.  food is always consistently good - my wife had a great ravioli special and I had grouper scampi, both off the chalk board specials menu.  Hanna was our server and she was terrific.
4	Took our daughter and her boyfriend out for dinner, she wanted to try Marello's? When I seen the prices, I knew then why she haven't tried them yet! But after being seated, we had a very nice young lady as our server. She took her time to explain all of the day's specials, told us exactly what it was. Started off with their bread, it's a marinara sauce bread with herbs and garlic. You can dip them in vinegar and balsamic. I ordered their  CHICKEN AND SAUSAGE PEPPERONCINI, I very much enjoyed this. It had a bite, but not enough to ruin it. Love their garlic and pepperoncini sauce. Wife had a pepperoni, and bell pepper pizza. Of course I had a slice, she asked for it to be well done(like it crispy). When she got the pizza, it was not crispy? But it was very good still. Daughter had the chicken parmigiana, and her boyfriend had the godfather pizza. I did not have a chance to get a sample of their plates, but they must have liked it since they had no left overs. Now the first thing I said to my wife was they had small portions, and for the price I thought their portions were not enough. But after eating I totally changed my mind, it wasn't about quantity, it was about quality. It was well worth it, planning to go their again when we visit our kid!
4	Awesome food--delicious!!! The staff is very friendly and prompt to fill water, replace bread! Definitely suggest!
2	The food was good but not worth the premium. We had a very attentive waitress that we felt did a great job but the manager or owner apparently didn't agree. He was very rude to her through out the entire time we were there...it was obvious he was talking down to her. He no sooner yelled at her for something then walked into the food pick up area and dropped a handful of napkins on the heavy foot traffic area. Most people would throw them in a dirty bin but he picked them up and put them back in the clean pile. We were lucky enough to watch him do that from our seat. I might have gone back based on our initial experience but after witnessing the manager or owners behavior toward his staff we won't be back.  Too bad, I love the idea of a locally owned business being successful.
4	This is in a stand alone building near Bashas' at Warner and McClintock where you wouldn't necessarily expect to find a decent sit-down restaurant, but there it is.My wife and I have been here 3 times now and we've gotten good food each time along with great service from Darryl who we were lucky enough to get on our first visit and have requested during our return visits. Management has been very accommodating of our request.The ambiance is interesting. There's the sport bar-like bar area and the restaurant lounge area where we enjoy our meals. The usual lounge singer is reasonably good, though his pre-recorded backing arrangements often drown out his vocals. On rare occasion that's not a bad thing, but usually his vocals are quite good and he plays some instruments live quite well.The food is interesting. The bread at the beginning of the meal isn't so great, but the appetizers we've had along with the meals have been quite good. Prices are reasonable considering the quality and quantity you get.Overall, a good experience. We'll be back.
1	The family decided to try Marcello's since we have seen the restaurant for many years, but never tried it before. It was so disappointing! We tried the pizza and two different pasta dishes. The family thought it was all terrible. The pizza was soggy and just tasted of garlic. One pasta dish was completely bland. It just tasted like nothing. The other pasta dish tasted and smelled fishy so much so that my dad was worried he was going to get sick from eating it. We don't understand how they have stayed in business this long, but we won't be back unless some changes are made.
3	Went to this place 2 months ago and was so excited to go back a couple weeks ago. That was until I received my Shrimp Diavolo and the shrimp were butterflied but NOT de-veined. In my opinion, there's no excuse for that in any half way decent restaurant now a days.  I pushed the shrimp aside and tried to finish my meal. Was so disappointed. The live music was good and service was great.
4	We decided to try this place out because of a groupon. The staff was incredibly nice and attentive. Both salad & meals (Gnocchi Vodka & Chicken Florentine) were well cooked & seasoned. The Gnocchi was as close to NY Italian that I have found in AZ. The only thing that stopped a 5 star rating is that I felt the prices were a little high. All that said, we both said we would go back -without a Groupon!
4	Authentic Italian food and very friendly staff. Their pizza is very good. We've tried several dishes and are always pleased. It's a nice place to go for a quiet dinner, unlike other Italian restaurants nearby that is full of screaming kids..
4	Remodeled and new chef. Food is quite good. I think it's better than Rigatoni's just down the street. I had a short rib ravioli with a mushroom sauce that was exceptional. My wife had a pork osobucco that just fell off the bone. Tender, moist and delicious. Their prices are a bit high but not extravagant and the food is great.
2	After eating at this place for many years I was disappointed at the higher prices after the remodel. I liked the old place more and wasn't too thrilled with the change of market they want. Sorry guys but $23 for a pasta dish puts you on par with some of the pricier Italian places. Rigatonys down the road is just as good for half the price.
3	Went here to get some authentic Italian food but it was not authentic or so I thought. The menu has a lot of Americanized foods though i wanted Gnocchi which I asked and got. The waitress was very nice and kept our drinks flowing or at least everyone else except for my water. Overall.. It was okay! The price was a little too high for "okay" food.. -1 star= the menu-1 star= waitress attention to my water and cost! Not worth the price of the food.
5	I love this place. The staff is friendly, the restaurant is nice and the food is great! Try the specials-I've enjoyed every one I've had. We drive across town to eat here.
2	I took my mother here recently for her birthday, because we wanted to try something new.We walked in and the decor is great, it reminds you of rustic Italy.  A gentleman sat us right away.  I was turned off that he was wearing flip flops at such a nice establishment, but it wasn't that huge of a deal.  ( Keep in mind I have worked at 2 Italian restaurants totaling 7 years of Italian restaurant experience and I thought it was very unprofessional.) Our waitress greeted us fast and took our orders timely.  Her service was the best thing we experienced here.We tried the bread first and it was not great, which was surprising because great Italian restaurants should have great bread in my opinion.  It looked like foccacia bread which I like but it wasn't very soft and it did not taste fresh.  This was my first dissapointment.We ordered the Caprese appetizer and it was good.I ordered the jumbo shrimp and scallops with scampi sauce and I was told all their pasta is homemade.  I got my meal and it looked good but the scampi sauce had no flavor, the scallops were rubbery and the shrimp was hard and overcooked.  I also believe the pasta was not homemade.  I could be wrong but to me it did not taste homemade at all.  I sent it back which I rarely ever do but I didn't want to pay $21 for a dish I hated.  She was nice and let me try something else, so I picked the Eggplant Involtini and Butternut Squash Ravioli.  It looked pretty but did not taste great.  I ate a little bit of it.  The eggplant had a weird sweetness and flavor to it and the butternut ravioli was okMy mother ordered the Chicken and Sausage Pepperoncini, which came with spaghetti in a pepperoncini sauce.  She said it was ok, I tried it and it was very bland.  Also the pasta did not taste homemade.We ordered a dark chocolate cheesecake for desert and it was very good although I am sure it is not made in houseOverall the ambiance was nice and fit the theme, the service was great, but the main entrees were awful.  It is overpriced for the food that is served.  I won't be back unless they change their menu.
1	terrible service we came in with family and friends with our groupons i let the waitress know 2 times that we each had one she said both times it was totally fine. we ate and food was definitely something you can eat at home. anyways we give them our groupons and the waitress says no we can only take one. if we take both we will loose money. ... ? so we she argued with us gave us attitude and sent her manager over and he yelled at us too !! he threatened us and said we have no option but to pay the 27 dollar bill and i told him i want paying that because i specifically said we had 2 so the manger calls the owner (as they're laughing and mocking us) a cop shows up!!! we ended up paying the bill but be ware of this terrible place. never again will i come. i dont wish this service uppn my worst enemy's! . these.people are so dramatic and by the way there were only 2 people at the place including us. there's no wonder they don't have business. ps. i've had better service at mcdonald's...
3	Over the past 8 months I have had diner here four times and the food is always good. But every single time it takes way too long to get served. I was never seated with menus and it took at least ten minutes to be acknowledge by the wait staff. Last time I had to flag down a bus boy to ask for my drink order to be taken. I would figure a party of 6 would be served quicker when the restaurant was not even close to full capacity. This restaurant could really benefit from some hostess staff. Once the order was taken the kitchen had the food out promptly. As long as you are not in a hurry and want some good Italian food then this is the place for you.
5	I read the reviews for this place and decided to give to a try. Also had a groupon.  It's a Sunday during football season so it wasn't busy at all. With that said the service was excellent. We started with the antipasto appetizer.  It was fine. I had the Pasta Trio which was delicious. My husband had the Veal Parmigiana which was also excellent and very plentiful. We would definitely go back.
1	If I were you do not eat here they were on Arizonas dirty dining list. Cock roaches and don't wash hands. And they bring desert after dinner and show you all the pies and you think it's free but they are not..... then they don't let you use Groupon and they are very rude.
5	As hard as it can be to find a quality Italian restaurant  here in the valley, I can always count on Marcello's for fantastic food and service. We recently inquired with them to cater our engagement party for about 50 guests.  The staff was extremely friendly and professional and worked with us to customize a menu tailored to our wants and needs at a very reasonable price. The food was absolutely amazing and guests were asking all night where it was from. Tony and his crew fully set up and broke down the buffet and I was always able to get ahold of them when I reached out or had a question.  Flexibility, timeliness and delicious food is my idea of a 5 star catering establishment. With stellar customer service to boot, you really can't beat this place for your next event or holiday party. Don't believe me, stop by for dinner. I gaurentee you won't be disappointed with whatever you decide to order.
1	This place is so strange. So we were going out for a last minute birthday dinner. We went to Rigatony's first but it was so packed. An hour wait at least. We decided to go somewhere else instead. Marcello's is right across the street. We went there and it was DEAD. No other cars in the parking lot. That should have been a warning. We went in and I swear the guy at the door looked at us like he didn't know what we were doing there. I had to explain to him that we needed a table so we could eat. So beyond odd. He looked irritated but sat us down. Food was bland. Alfredo sauce tasted very watered down and their bread is like bread cake or something. Very different. WAY too expensive for bland food. It's a cute place but there's a reason it's so quiet. Oh, and some older lady (Assuming the owner) kept walking by and just staring at us. I'm thinking she was also wondering what we were doing there since by this point WE didn't know what we were doing there. Make sure to read ALL reviews. I'm a bit confused why all of the 1 stars are not recommended reviews. Kind of strange.
