4	Unique place to go to eat, buy pottery or host an event.  The staff here is excellent.  The cafe is a good place to go for a salad, sandwich or coffee.  You can take classes in ceramics or stained glass here.  The cost of holding an event here is quite reasonable.  The stained glass is beautiful.
5	I just started taking ceramics here. The space is bigger than I thought it would be, and beautiful upstairs. I have also heard that the event space is very reasonable. Anyways, ceramics class was great! The instructor was helpful, but not overbearing and you pretty much get to do what you want. If you are looking for somewhere to do your own thing, this is the place. That being said, the ceramics area is in the frosty frigid basement (only semi-creepy crawly) so if it's cold outside, you better believe it will be cold inside too. Wear something warm!
4	Ok, so I am still a huge fan of the Union Project, but I feel like I have to comment on a recent experience I had during an open studio (not part of my class, this is when anyone can come in and you have to pay $10 an hour). In my opinion, you should be treated better in open studio than class, because you are paying more and this is probably how people who think about taking a class are going to decide if it is worth it or not, right.Now I say all of this knowing that I am about to take more classes there and hoping that I am not shooting myself in the foot... I think this is something that needs to change to make this place as great as it can be. This is definitely not my general experience of the union project, but I am writing this in the hopes that people read it and maybe change their behavior.Open studio is usually a quiet place to throw pottery with a monitor that is helpful and will tell you what to do. This Saturday, I get there and no one is there??? So, I sign in and one of the Co-op members comes down, who I assume is the monitor, but nope he is not. He proceeds to call several other people, and they think they know who the monitor is and he is coming. Then several more co-op members come in, now this didn't bother me so much but 2 other people were complaining about how loud they all were (I don' t care about quiet, but some people do). The monitor finally gets there (this doesn't bother me either, but everyone was fighting about who was supposed to be there and the kid that seemingly was supposed to be said he wasn't, it was kind of a hot mess on public display for the 6-7 people that were there for open studio). Now 3 things really bothered me:1. There were 2 people that had NO idea what they were doing, and no one was willing to help them. They didn't know to wedge clay or center or anything. Come on people, really?? Help them out! I tried, but I barely know what I am doing.2. There was almost no clay3. This is the biggest one, there was a girl there doing some work apparently for the union project (not really sure), but she was hella rude to myself and one other student from my class. I asked if I could use part of a table (there are 3 and she had stuff all over all of them). She says "Ummm, NO." SERIOUSLY, I am effing paying to be here!?! Aren't you supposed to be like customer service??? Then the other girl from my class noticed that they weren't actually using one of the tables, so she asks to use it and the girl was rude to her too (I didn't hear exactly what was said, but I know she talked to our teacher about it next class).  I just feel like, if this keeps happening a few people could sink the ship. I sure know that I do not want to have an open studio like this again, and if it happens I will just leave. The other girl from my class has decided not to return (at least that is what she said). It just sucks that a few people would ruin something so great.
4	I'm so thankful that I found out about Union Project. Bobby & I had a blast working with the clay and making our own ceramics. Everyone from the instructor to the others  enjoying open studio offered to help us and gave us great tips! It was such a relaxing, artistic experience. I'm looking forward to going back. Open studio is Wednesday evenings & Saturday afternoons. It's $10/hr and clay, firing, & glazing are included. They also have ceramic classes and other things at Union Project (we witnessed zumba & yoga in two hours). If you're looking for something new to try, I would check into their website to see what's all offered. (especially now that summer is over! *sad face) (PS, a BIG thank you again to everyone who helped us!)
4	I recently attended a wedding ceremony and reception in this space.  UP is pretty spectacular, and served the needs of the bride and groom well.For 140 people, it was large enough to host a wedding and more.  The food buffet was set up in an adjacent room so that proved to make everything flow smoothly.  The wedding party was also able to set up a lot of the tables and chairs the day before, so they didn't have to wake up extra early to do set up that morning.Parking seemed to work fine... I think they have a 40-car lot across the street, but the neighborhood is also residential so you can park on side streets.The stained glass in the main room is gorgeous!  I'm sure the pictures will come out beautifully.
5	Had our wedding here.  LOVE IT.  Not only is it beautiful but it's reasonably priced and Carol, the organizer is so kind and helpful.  Would definitely recommend this as a venue for a wedding.  We had ceremony and reception all in the Great Hall.  We had around 160 guests and they all fit.  It was wonderful.
3	I am taking another class here, so I feel like I should update again. I haven't been back to open studio, but the place seems more inviting now than it was before. I haven't seen any issues with the amount of clay that is available, and my teacher has been more than willing to mix up what I need.Edit 4/22/2014 I went to open studio this weekend. The monitor was super helpful, but there was no space to do anything and my stuff was moved multiple times by co-op members... I understand that there is a show next weekend, but maybe open studio time should be geared more toward accommodating the people that are paying to be there and less on the co-op members pushing you out of the way to get their stuff done on time... I hate to say this, 1. because I know I will go back there and I really do not mean to offend anyone... I am just giving my opinion and 2. because all of the classes I have taken there have been amazing. However, I keep having not great experiences at open studio. That being said, I have had some open studio's that were great... but not nearly as many as were bad.
