2	This was not what I was expecting to see.  I was completely expecting to see a grocery store and BAM... to my surprise, it was like walking into an indoor, Mexican bazaar with individual vendors.  They had quite a variety of vendors, from food to telephone service, portrait studios and clothing, and everything in between.It's not my cup of tea, but I figured I'd post this so that others do not get blindsided like me!
1	We absolutely love going to El Mercado to try their different food that they have but now I doubt we will ever go back.  We contacted El Mercado's main phone number to get a number for one of their vendors to place a carry out order for our office (they don't have their vendors listed online) the secretary answered and said they don't have a list they keep with phone numbers but she would go to the vendor (which is literally a few feet away and have them call us) thirty minuted passed by with no phone call.  We then called back and had someone else answer.  The new girl stated that they dont keep a list and I told her I was aware but that the other girl was going to have the vendor call us.  She placed me on hold and answered and said you have to come in I'm sorry that girl is not here and we don't do that.  I can't believe that they would rather have their vendors lose business than to literally walk a FEW feet out of their way to get their number.  As an office how do you NOT keep a list?  If I ever go back I will let the vendor know that their "front office" is allowing them to lose business.
5	This place is very unique I went in there to look for a cell phone case and not only found that but found a car stereo ,notary public,barbershop, and fruit so this is my new place anything you need is in there....
5	Why would an office administration be responsible for the business of their vendors?? I don't get it.  They are not the answering service for their customers. With the type of environment this shopping place is, i would figure every one would know it's not a personalized restaurant or take out place. I would suggest if you can't get a number to a shop, go in that one time and get a number directly from the vedor. Next time you will get the call in service you are expecting, IF it is offered by the vendor of course. :)This place is a good family environment to shop and the food is good, authentic and yummy!
4	This place is a cross between a swap meet and a... Well I guess it's just like a mexican swap meet but indoors. They have good food, fruits, drinks, and countless snacks, oh yeah and the seafood is fresh and tasty. The crap the vendors sell is pretty much that, crap, but you wouldn't really expect less from a indoor swap meet, that is literally attached to the most ghetto mall in all of the valley.
4	I am both amazed and impressed by the ability of the southwest valley to adapt to an expanding Latino market. Gone are the rotating clothing stores from throughout the years like Steve & Barry's that could never make it. Here to stay is this amalgamation of various small business crammed into a small space. It's good for the little guy as well as the mall as a whole. You can get a bunch of clothes...most of which weren't extraordinary, or my style, but they're there. Statistically, someone on my friends list reading this HAS to be a paisa. Or in need of an inexpensive suit, at least.There are other various services like phone cards, notaries, etc. What really shines for me is the entirely separate food court, complete with a fruit stand in which I can buy a whole coconut, or some other, awesome, prepackaged fruit. America has a lot of swap meets, but I feel as though this is the most true street market experience I've had on this side of the Atlantic. Many of you are going to make the mistake of overlooking this. It revitalizes a market that's had some bad luck, and is a real diamond in the rough that can be the west valley. I'd come back.
