3	Are you kidding me? Seriously... This is a total joke, right? I mean, I'm walking into a book store that is suppose to sell used and hard-to-find books, when I sadly realize the price isn't that much different than the original asking price. I found a book I wanted. I began to drool over it. Seriously... but for $50? The original price tag was $60. So, 10 bucks off? Maybe I got the wrong impression by the exterior. Maybe I was just hoping this place would sell used books that I could afford. After all, some where okay - $12 for a used copy of a popular novel. But, seriously, you can buy a new one for the same amount at Borders when you're part of their discount program. So, I don't get it. Maybe I'm not their ideal shopper, for I want a bargain. I don't want to wander through filled bookcases of WWII, Comics, Music, Fiction, Nature, Philosophy and discover some amazing gem that's going to set me back $50. Hell, that's 5 bottles of $10 wine. C'mon, you do the math! I would recommend this place to any one who likes to peruse book shelves and is in the market to find a "vintage" edition of a book. Or maybe anyone who likes dusting off the pages before reading about ancient warfare. This isn't for somebody who typically gravitates to the a certain section, knowing what she's looking for, expecting not to spend alot of money on what has become a really expensive habit. If you have an hour to kill and you like the ideal of stumbling upon something unique and original (book kismet), then check out Book Gallery. Don't expect first-rate service, though. I was there for a 1/2 hour - even carrying around what i REALLY wanted to buy - and not  one person said a word to me.
3	All right Mr. Book Snob Man, this one's for you.Yes, I mistook your fine establishment for a Bookman's or a Half Price Books, I showed up with my milk crate full of old Stephen King paperbacks, some old scratched CDs from the 80s I've still got because even Zia won't buy 'em and a Super Mario Brothers cartridge - but still - did ya have to be such a jerk?You sized me up quick though, didn'tcha? I said, "You buy books?" and you said, "Um, well........." while you scrutinized me and my milk carton with those judgmental brown eyes of yours, "we buy high quality hard-to-find hardback books in near-mint to mint condition... do you think you have anything that might fit that description?" I didn't, but of course I said I did, and you explained that I needed to make an appointment with your 'buyer' ooh-la-la.So I looked around. Yeah, you've got some nice books. Some not so nice, too though. And a wee bit overpriced. I might have stayed longer, may even have made a purchase, but you're a jerk, so I didn't.
5	The Book Gallery is not your typical book store.  If you want just a basic retail book store, Borders-I shop a lot there-Bookstar, and that type are available.  Book Gallery is something special.  The inventory is of books that one probably isn't going to find in the other stores.  Mike, the owner, buys books for people looking for something t more specific to the areas a person might be interested in.As to service, you can receive it at this store.  The employees are more laid back and don't follow the (ninety second rule to say hello) most of the large stores are supposed to follow.  The majority of the customers that come in are coming to this store to look for merchandise they won't find other places. It is enjoyable to see what gem is available there at any given time without being bothered.  However, just ask. and the employees will go out of their way to find what you need from books small artistic items to music.  I will admit that there is one employee I'd rather not have help me but that is a personality thing.  At any time, they will call the Mesa store to see if they have something there and have it in Phoenix in a day or two.  They also will keep an out for something if you ask.Mike, the owner, enjoys buying knickknacks, book ends, and just other small things that make delightful and unusual gifts.  I have a friend that is just so hard to buy for.  I found a small piece of De Grazia sculpture that I didn't even know was made.  The very reasonable price surprised me.  I expected to pay more because many of the things there you can't  buy other places.  I don't consider myself to be a snob.   I have a great time shopping at Goodwill.  I am realistic in knowing I should expect to pay more for something the owner has personally selected for some unique quality.  Concerning the prices of the books in Book Gallery, they will depend on the merchandise you are considering.  I happen to be a science fiction fan. I always find very reasonable prices on older paperbacks from two or three dollars and up. One day I found a signed copy of one of the Dune series and I paid considerably more.  It only made sense. It cost more than the original price, but  considering the author is dead, how many more are going to be signed-zilch, none!  Besides, how many stores would have it available for purchase anyway..This store has another quality that really appeals to me and that is plenty parking!  It's a great place to go browse before or after going to one of the other interesting stores or restaurants in this small center.So I am a snob for shopping at a small unique bookstore with merchandise that isn't typical.  Quality means more to me than quantity.  I find quality at Book Gallery.  Check it out!
5	I was reading the Talk thread on book clubs and I recalled this place.It is a diamond in the rough and I shall go there this week to pick the cumulative brain of their staff:)Book Gallery is a place to lose time in the lovely smell of old books.  Remember when libraries had copies of books with cut pages for regular circulation?  When cellophane was a method of book covering? This is that kind of place.  Complete collections of out of print serials, favorites from your parents' and grandparents' childhoods.  In here I have found books printed in foreign languages other than Spanish, British food lore of the 50's and 60's and bookshelves gorgeous enough to lust after in their own right. War historians will find the most dedicated shelf space but there is something for nearly everyone to be had.I had a lovely game of when-was-it-printed judging only by a given tome's binding one Saturday afternoon at this location.  The constant discoveries of interest kept the game going for at least two hours!
5	As someone who knows Phoenix bookstores said to me, "they have great books.' That's the bottom line -- obviously excellent collections of rare antiquarian books find their way here. My only complaint is that the balance between the "secured area" of rare books in cases, and general used books on shelves, is tilted too far against access and towards security. It makes browsing a lot of work.Prices are very fair for the kinds of books they have.
4	Beautiful old and rare books for collectors or those looking for a special volume or "off the beaten path" subject.  I agree the prices are high by mass market standards, but very fair for the quality and rarity of what's offered in this store.  Many of the books are out of print vintage treasures you're just not going to find elsewhere in town aside from the sister Book Gallery on main street in Mesa, which is also highly recommended.  Categories are extremely well thought out and the floor to ceiling wooden shelves and antique furnishings and accessories only add to the charm.
1	I was visiting Phoenix a few weeks ago and I visited this bookstore. Although they have a nice selection and the prices are fair, I had a disturbing incident with a man I assume was one of the owners. I was looking at a group of books on the shelves and there happened to be a desk nearby which I stayed away from.I continued looking and the man came running over to me and told me in a very harsh tone that the books in that area were not to be looked at. The area I was in just looked like a regular part of the store and there was nothing stating that the section was off limits. The man was so rude and so hysterical that it completely embarrassed me and made me feel like I was doing something terribly wrong. I told the man that he should rope off any areas he didn't want the customers to look at and he agreed. But I left feeling very angry and embarrassed and didn't purchase the books that I had intended to buy.
5	if you are looking for a unique book, call the owner and he'll tell you if he has it in stock or where you'll most likely find it!
5	I went here to get a birthday book for a friend and walked out with 2 huge stacks of books for less than $100!  I got mostly cookbooks and the quality was great as was the prices.  I have a book addiction and am running out of space on my bookshelves but I will be back!
5	I LOVE Book Gallery! The only problem is, hubby doesn't. That's because this sweet store sucks uip so much of my money. Once they get to know you, they will actually contact you to dangle items like first editions, special editions, etc. etc. in front of your big round eyes. They are pretty protective of their books, but that's because they have already invested big bucks in them. One day though, the owner actually let me peer into a genuine slip-cased first edition of Dune, signed by Frank Herbert! I was ready to sign over my first-born on the spot. The only thing that kept that beautiful book off my shelf was the afore-mentioned husband, who despite the fact that we are eternal soulmates who if ever we found ourselves homeless and living out of a shopping cart, our most rare antique radio would be riding in said cart, is for all intents and purposes, frugal. A cheapskate. A man who does not appreciate his wife coming home with a $8,000 book! sigh. Other than that, Book Gallery is my favorite Phoenix book store of all time
4	I had limited time the evening I was in this shop, but oh my.....I could spend so much money in here.  They did have some sale racks out front and some paperback sections, but this is really a bookstore to help a reader grow their library of quality, and maybe hard to find, hardcover editions.  I found an autographed Peter Matthiessen, and a collection of Wallace Stegner short stories that I had never seen before. Maybe the next time I get a bonus I'll blow part of it here.
5	The Book Gallery, Phoenix and Mesa locations, is Mike Riley's passion.  It is more than books.  It is literary, artistic, historical.  It's a commentary on what humankind is losing as All Things Digital and Cerebral maul the ancient Physical and Hand Crafted, kicking them out the door, leaving them homeless.  It's a cool place.  You don't need to read to love it.  An appreciation for human excellence will do.  From smooth art deco squirrel bookends supporting like-new collections of Little Golden Books to ancient religious commentaries bound in vellum, obscure Arizona biographies and history to a self-portrial by Lionel Barrymore next to a Missouri Compromise map of the west and Tom Paine's signature, Mike's assembled it all for our viewing, reading and collecting pleasure.  It's a museum for sale, a polyglot record of civilization for the lover of gilt edges and marbled end papers.  If it's not in stock Mike's got a stack of "Books Wanted" requests.  He'll do his best to find it.
5	My office is close to the "Book Gallery" and I have always wanted to swing by and check it out. I eventually did a few weeks ago, and I'm really glad I did.The selection of rare books is really quite amazing. I have to give a shout-out to the man who helped me, Randy, who not only had an amazing knowledge about their offerings, but also had a genuine enthusiasm for them. I picked up a few books, but I'll definitely be back. A fantastic place to pick out a special gift for a friend.
1	I stumbled across this quaint bookstore today, and as I was looking through a stack of books, the peaceful ambience of the store was suddenly shattered by the sound of the guy at the desk  screaming "DON'T TOUCH THOSE BOOKS!  THOSE BOOKS AREN'T ON SHELVES!  Well then why are they stacked up here with no indication that they're off limits?  And as for shelves, why are you offering books for sale that are displayed, God forbid, on a table nearby?  This guy is lucky to have any customers (I was there for a good a half-hour and no one else came in) and yet he chooses to scream at the only one in the store?  I scampered out feeling humiliated and shamed, but I later realized that it was his behavior that was shameful.  Oh, and the books are way overpriced.  And the guy had Christmas music playing. In May?  I shall never return to this crazy, unwelcoming place as long as this scary man is inside it.
5	Best selection of used books in the valley. Found a signed leather bound copy of No Exit here as well as an obscure book I've been looking for. Call beforehand to see if they have what you're looking for, they also only hold books for two days tops. They have a very knowledgeable staff and are always eager to help you find what you're looking for.
5	I am from Chicago & I must say the book gallery compared to others I have seen back home really is amazing. The owner was incredibly nice. When I walked in I was in awe of all the old books many still on great condition. As an avid book lover this store stole my hearts This store has a wide range of mystery, sci-fi, literature, children's books, occult, religious, jane austen, classic, westerns, archeology  & Egyptians which was my favorite sections. Only thing this store doesn't carry is romance, which my mom was looking for but wasn't able to get. Next time I am in town, I will make sure to stop by the book gallery.
4	Being a writer, every time I need inspiration for what I need to compose. I'd go out and look for something to read that will get me more inspired and able to fill in the blanks of my story. I'm lucky that Book Gallery is one of the place where can I found the stuff that suite my emptiness. There are lots of old books that are available in this shop.
4	I could easily get lost in Book Gallery and be there for weeks before covering all ground. I'd also drain my bank account completely. With discount prices on used books, an online search function, and a ton of new and old books, it's really quite a lovely bookstore. I love picking up random cheapy cookbooks and novels here for perusing and commute reading.
4	This place leaves Book Gallery in the dust. The Book Gallery library in Beauty and the Beast bows before this place. So many books. Soooo many books. You could get lost in the books in this place.
5	This store is a Phoenix. Spending time here always allows me to bask in the happy energy of bibliophiles that gather together. It's always so much fun shopping for books in this store. Bring a compass and a map and be prepared to get lost in this book lovers paradise! They have almost every book you can think of. You can spend hours just looking at interesting books. A book haven. You can find all sorts of books here.They have awesome events here too, so keep yourself updated. You'll never know if your favorite author or other cool celebrities will be there
