5	McGrath Law is my go-to firm to help with loan modification / mortgage modifications.  I have known Jason McGrath, Senior Partner, for 21+ years now.  He's a former prosecutor, and a trial attorney.  I've had great success having him help our company on multiple occasions, and now in the last 2 years, with loan modification assistance.Call Jason if your in Charlotte and even remotely thinking about a loan modification.  He'll lay your options out for you, so you can make an informed decision.
5	I have been very impressed with Jason McGrath's integrity, forthrightness, and ability to get the job done in his bankruptcy practice. I highly recommend him!
5	Using Jason and his services has been a great experience.  Jason is extremely knowledgeable and helpful.  Wonderful to work with.I plan to use Jason in the future and highly recommend him to anyone needing legal assistance.
5	Jason McGrath of McGrath & Speilberger has prepared legal documents and filed state paperwork on a business venture that I am a part of. Mr. McGrath handled everything professionally and in a timely manner. I recommend anyone that needs legal services to contact Jason. He is extremely friendly, knowledgeable, and courteous.
5	McGrath & Spielberger combine to offer years of experience which for myself instills confidence.  Along with being trial ready lawyers they offer online contracts that can be bought individually or in packages to take care of many basic needs without the guess work of not knowing what your lawyer fees are going to be.  Jason drew up a contract for my business which was done through their online services.  Once I gave him the details, he put them into law form to cover my concerns.  I would recommend Jason if you have a need for a good lawyer.  I myself plan to use him and his firm whenever I need assistance with the law.
5	Jason and Team did a great job of managing our mortgage loan modification and assisted my wife and I in getting better terms with our lender. Terms that will likely make our long term situation better. His team utilized their existing relationships with my lender to speed up an otherwise bureaucratic process to make the process easier and with a result.
