4	Great finds for great deals!  From designer jeans, cashmere sweaters..found a gift for my auntie (pair of barely worn coach sunglasses!)  Great place also to take those clothes u never wear for trade!!
5	This place is a dream.  Designer blouses for $17.00.  Seven jeans and Hudson jeans for $20.  Steve Madden shoes for $25.  I could go on... the store is beautiful, well-organized and full of things that are in perfect or near-perfect condition.  Some items are still quite pricey, but most of the store is extremely reasonably priced.  If you need something new very quickly for a date or an interview or a special occasion, you will probably find it here.  The employees are nice, friendly, helpful and the dressing rooms are good as well.  Love it!
5	I gave 2 stars to the Lincoln/Scotts Rd store, it stressed me out so much.  This NoSco store is such a great experience, though.  Easy parking.  Well organized store.  Racks have a good balance of selection and ability to easily look through them.  Even though it doesn't have as large an inventory as the Lincoln store (or maybe because of it?), I've actually been able to find several great pieces.  Thanks for leaving the insanity at the other store, MSC!
4	I hadn't been here in a few years, but I LOVE that they re did the place it looks more like an upscale boutique than the local thrift store.  I had brought my mother and sister who live in California here to show them what Arizona has to offer.  We all came away with good deals.  I got shoes and a name brand blazer for under 40 bucks.  What a steal!We were surprised to hear that they finally opened a store in California so we are going to have to visit it, next time we are there.
4	I love consignment shopping, and I've dealt with My Sister's closet before, just not this particular location. I came up here today to consign 2 blouses and do some shopping since I have a store credit with them. The staff here was friendly and helpful, as I had questions for just about everything! Consigning was easy, and there was plenty of clothes to choose from.  This store feels bigger then the one I usually go to, and I found that I spent quite a bit of time going through their racks checking stuff out.  Just about everything here's in great shape, and prices for the most part are fair. Tops from $8.95 and up, pants, plenty of shoes and huge purse selection.I tried on a few things and ended up buying one a cute pink top. The whole process was easy, and I had a blast here. Large, wonderful selection, great prices and friendly staff.  Store is wonderfully organized, and for the most part, and overall good experience. I like that if you trade with one store, your credit's good with all of them, so you don't have to go back to that specific location, which is what I did today.  Your balance comes up in the computer and you can use it if you'd like.Overall good experience and I will be back!
5	Best consignment store hands down!  Such a fun experience!  Prices are crazy good!
