5	Hit this place on their 2nd day and we loved it. The waiter helped with my decision for wing sauce (Kentucky Bourbon) and I already can't wait to go back. We also had shrimp tacos and a buffalo chicken wrap. Sure wish I would have added the same wing sauce to the wrap but it was still wonderful. The menu is huge and it will take you forever to decide, unless you're just seeking wings.. then it's the 75 different sauces you need to select from. We started with the Fiesta Feta and knew from the first taste this place would get in our list of favorite places. Keep in mind that kids eat free on Wednesdays but the place is split up to handle it if you're not wanting a noisy night out. ;)  They have TVs hung all over for those that cannot eat without a TV in sight and plenty of parking.  They sit just in front of REI in the Target parking lot. Easy access from I-77 or I-485 if youre on the road and more fun/choices than typical road stops.
4	Great food ! Great atmosphere and the employees were very friendly ! Definitley go and check it out for yourself - you won't be disappointed !
3	We came after their first week of opening. Warning: booths are really tight and we are average sized people. Our server did let us know that they ordered new tables to rectify this.  We really liked the 75 flavors of wings offered. You can sample flavors, but you will be offered the sauce on a lid. Wings are $0.50 on Mondays. Also their signature potato chips were just ok. Prices are comparable to other wing joints. Service was pretty good and it is a young crew running the ship. Will keep in our rotation.
2	We went here for the first time yesterday. I got a burger which wasn't very good. The review above about it being precooked might be accurate because the burger was dry like it had been precooked or sitting out all day. If you're craving a burger I'd suggest going 100ft across the parking lot to Five Guys. They had a few craft beers which were decent and a great price ($3.50 for mine). If I go back, I will try the wings and update my review.
5	Food is great and so was service. Wings plump and juicy
3	Recently been on a wing kick for the past month or so but the great thing is that I am in search of a decent regular wing place - AND its just wings (WIN, WIN).  A friend of mine mentioned that a new wing place at Northlake opened up so we went to check it out after doing a pretty strenuous bike ride in the afternoon.It was super busy (guess it had just opened so everyone had the same idea to come check it out).... so there was some confusion about wait time for a table.  We ended up sitting a the bar area which was first come first serve.Our server was new - I had the impression he spent more time writing his name on his name tag than studying the menu.  Not trying to be mean, but a lot of the questions we had he seemed to know the answer, but didn't really...  After ordering a round of beers (which he didn't really know what they offered) and having "Fat Tire" interpreted as "Fast Liar"... I was a little skeptical.  I received a work phone call that I had to take but by the time I got back to the table, the beers were still not there.I actually had the Carnitas (not wings like I was craving) and was pretty impressed.  The pork was slow cooked and the ingredients were fresh.Other than the service issues, this place would get a re-visit from me but I'll wait for the crowds to die down before I give it another chance.
4	Some of the best shrimp tacos that I've had!!!The shells were warm and soft and the bbq sauce on them was fabulous!!! (Mine were grilled.) The service was great, as well. Even though they were very busy and it took a while to get our food, our drinks never got low  and we didn't mind waiting. Our server was great about checking in on us and had a great personality. The sides were fair. Our handmade chips were not crisp, and the fries at the bottom of the basket were sitting in a puddle of grease. But overall we had a great experience and will definitely be back.
1	Good wing flavors. And decent draft specials, but will probably never go again. Went in for my 4th or 5th time there and got completely denied by the bartender (and then manager) because they don't accept out of state licenses. (I'm from Georgia.) Then the manager accused my ID of being fake, which I can assure is not. As much as I hate to admit it, I am over 21 years of age. :(We ended up just leaving and going to Fox and Hound across the street. (They accepted my Georgia license just fine.) Now that I think about it, East Coast probably didn't want to serve me and my friend? We were the only guests in there and they were going to close in an hour.How can you be located right off of I-77 and not accept out of state licenses? And then on top of that, not have your managers up to date on other states' licenses? I thought this place was nice and was hoping they stick would around... C'mon guys, what happened to customer service?
1	Waited for 1 hr, 15 mins for a table, after we finally got seated, had to go find a person to take our order. Mgr never once came to table to apologize for the wait or to see how the food was. Definitely would not recommend this place, food was ok but for the service & wait, much better elsewhere!
3	I love lemon pepper wings, they're pretty simple to make and I've found that if you make a good lemon pepper, the rest of the wings are usually pretty good.  I grade wing spots based on their preparation of the lemon pepper wing, that being said any wing spot that can't do a decent lemon pepper rub is just not worth a repeat visit.  East Coast prepared my lemon pepper wings drowned in butter.......which is fine, but I asked before ordering if the rub was wet or dry.....they weren't terrible but I'd rather not have buttery wings.  I also ordered a salad which was just ok.
4	Love this place. Good wings, good service, low wait times, good prices!
4	Great place for wings.  We ordered a variety of wings and salads.  All very good!!  Parking is in the mall area....so was OK.  The location did not seem very busy and our waitress was very attentive.  Only thing I would have changed.... a little faster delivery of the wings!  Maybe my hunger drove my impatience.  But I am certainly anxious to return!!!!  Maybe today!!!
3	Its a wing chain with WAAAAY too many choices on wings sauces.I went in for lunch today and it was pretty good.  My server Carson was extremely attentive and will ask for her by name in the future.  The lunch specials are reasonably priced and definitely enough food.I went back and forth on what I wanted, it was going to be the grilled chicken salad but, once I saw buffalo chicken soup, I had to try it.  I went soup and turkey sandwich, while my cohort went chicken tenders and side salad.  Her salad was pretty basic and the tenders were HUGE, crunchy, and quite tasty.  The bluecheese dressing was borderline horrible.  My turkey sandwich was strange.  Cole slaw on a turkey sandwich?  It wasn't bad it just wasn't good.  My soup came out as well and there wasn't anything buffalo about it.  It was chicken tortilla soup.  I asked my server if she got it wrong and she said no, but offered me some bufalo sauce for it.  The soup was pretty good as is but, came out great once I added the sauce.  I guess they should call it, make your own buffalo chicken soup, LOL!We thought we were ready for the check when our server Carson came back with an awesome sounding desert.  Pineapple cake with ice cream.  Although it took a while and I didn't really have much time to spare during lunch, the desert was good.All in all, I'd give my food 2-3 stars, my partners 3-4 stars, and the service, 5 stars.  I've been to these places before and had better food, so I'll be back and hope to upgrade my star rating.
2	I came here for the first time today. It was 59 cent wings day so I tried a boneless and bone in type of wings. The boneless wings were not hot as in the temperature of the meat and the bone in wings were lukewarm. I asked her to take the boneless wings back. They were hotter when they came back but they just reheated the wings I had which made the breading more crunchy. The bone in wings were drenched in sauce but they were decent. They charge you also for your sauce type on your wings. I also had the potato chips but I was not really impressed. They were not seasoned except for the seasoning salt on the outside of them. Some of them were soft. If you like wings, it is not a terrible place but it is not the best. The service was okay.It was pretty mediocre. The girl was nice but did not know the placement of items in the menu. I will give her the benefit of the doubt. My server left and didn't say anything which was unprofessional. I came here for convenience but next time I will drive a little farther for better food.
4	We went on a Saturday afternoon. We were seated right away. Server was very knowledgeable & she helped us through the wing ordering options. The Fiesty Feta w/Pita chips is DELISH! The wings are crispy, juicy, and seasoned to perfection.  The Mushroom Swiss Burger had great taste of the grill with fresh crisp lettuce & plump tomatoes & mushrooms. They even have a rewards card & will send u coupons and freebies for your bday. Prices are reasonable and average. Will definitely go back!
2	For starters my review is based solely on the environment and the service we received.       We went for my husbands birthday after hearing from a few of our neighbors that they had great wings. When we walked in our first impression was we had interrupted the hostesses from a conversation and they had to stop it to seat us. (Since we all get paid to sit around and talk versus work)        When we got to our table our waitress came by and asked for our drink orders. After ordering a drink off the menu she looked at me as if I was making up a drink. Finally I gave up and just got a water. After we placed our food order the kitchen got our order wrong and had to remake it, but when the food came out and I explained what I had ordered they gave me a look like "are you really going to make me take this back" finally my order came out and my food wasn't bad. The sauces we got were great. But the reason for not being satisfied was our server didn't come over one time to apologize for the mis-order or to explain how long it'd be till it was ready. We had to flag her down to get our bill and when talking to her she turned and walked away during mid conversation of asking for wet napkins.  We kept looking for the manager but was unable to locate him. He was circling the restaurant looking dissatisfied. As did all the other servers, like they didn't want to be there at all.     Like I said not pleased by the poor service. Or lack of hospitality from this wing chain. But liked the wings.
5	Love it . Quick service and food was really good. Cute spot
4	I really like East Coast wings. I've been several times. We have 3 small children (1 is a infant, so he doesn't count...lol), but the food is accommodating for their selective taste. Looooove the buffalo flavored chips! Good gracious they are delicious! My fave wings are the boneless garlic-parm medium heat wings. The wings were average when we first started to go there it was breaded with a thick flour coating, but they changed the boneless wing and it is now much better. And you MUST try the peach lemonade.  My gripe though, is with to-go orders. They seem to be "stingy". I never get a plastic fork, or napkins to go. When you dine in they bring out a tall bottle of Ranch (which is delicious by the way) to share and small cups for dispensing to guest at the table, but when it's to-go they give you one cup and DARE you to ask for more!!! Also, if you order the yummy buffalo flavored chips as a basket, they give you 1 container as opposed to when it's dine in they keep the baskets coming! Which we like because we can all share. Since our little ones are small and my oldest is school age and he gets out of school at 4, it's easy to just grab dinner, go home and eat, instead of dining in. But when going the carry out route here, we run the risk of our food portions being short changed, so we opt out and go some where else.
5	Wing junkie.. I read the reviews before coming in. All mixed. I had a great experience. Hostess was very helpful with my skepticism. I sat at the bar and the bartender was equally helpful. I like the Fox and the Hound across the street.. old faithful. They are becoming inconsistent and keep changing the menu. East Coast Wings is a breath of fresh air! Worth the stop.... and a side note... kids eat free on Wednesday with a regular order!! I will be back.. again and again and again and... oh you get it!
5	Best wings in town!! It doesn't help that I live across the street!! LOVE IT
5	We really enjoy their boneless wings and usually get the Tuesday night platter so we can try one of their many delicious sauces.  Their staff is very friendly and if there is any problem with your order, they are great about making it right.  I eat out at many different restaurants and while no one expects a problem with their order, the best restaurants are able to turn a problem into a positive review as is the case with manager Dave and his quick resolution to my problem this evening!  Kudos to you and your team!  Great food AND great attitudes!  That counts a lot these days.  I am very impressed!
5	I only visit this East Coast Wings location and have always been impressed with the cleanliness of the dining area and restrooms.  The number of unique wing flavors is impressive and the ability to modify the heat index of each means it would be nearly impossible to not have a favorite!Patio seating is nice for dinner, the arrangement of buildings helps keep the sun from blinding guests seated facing west.
4	Stopped in here spur of the moment. We were actually headed to Five Guys but I noticed this place and my date has a soft spot for wings, so we decided to give it a shot.We ordered a cheeseburger, blazing bacon wings, cheese sticks and the sugar doughnut holes with chocolate sauce.The cheeseburger- fantastic! The bread was soft but didn't fall apart. I was pleasantly surprised. A few bites in, I knew I would be back. My date enjoyed her wings and ate every last one. We chose chocolate sauce to dip the powered donuts in. The chocolate was dark and we didn't care for it very much. All in all I enjoyed our meal and the price was reasonable. We'd definitely be back.
1	If I could give 0 stars I would! The food itself really isn't the issue. I have been to east coast wings in other cities and the food is decent. I moved here a year ago and we had our first experience here. The service was awful!! It took 15-20 minutes just for the server to come and take our drink order. They brought the wrong food for my date and when we said something they argued with us that it was what we ordered. I decided that maybe it was a bad night for them and a couple months later went back to order food for take out. It took 45 minutes and when I asked the girl where my food was it had been sitting behind the bar for 20 minutes and they just forgot about it!! Insane! They seriously need to reevaluate their staff and obviously management if they haven't caught on.
5	Friday afternoon and I was craving some wings.  I prefer East Coast to other wing joints because the chicken portions seem to be bigger, and I like the home made ranch dressing.  Today I ordered the 3 chicken strip lunch with fries and Pepsi.  I have to admit, the strips were really meaty and tender.  I ordered them 'medium' which seems to just have enough spice without being obnoxious.  I would definitely order this again.  The seasoned fries were very good also.  ive had their home made chips too which are also great and very filling.
5	Have been multiple times. Service is always great. Love the selection of wing sauces and beer.
3	So we ordered the 25 wing sampler where you get 5 "free" marinates. The menu is just too complicated. For example, you pick from a list of 75 on how you would like your wings to be coated.As for the wings itself, it was hit or miss. Some were perfectly deep fried , others were dry to the point it was unedible.The Server was nice but overall,  a mediocre experience.
5	Ecw is one of our family favorites.  My husband and I usually get the grilled boneless tenders with homemade chips.  They have great sauces, my personal favorite is grand cayman.  They have kids eat free on Wednesdays, and that is always a nice perk.  The best dessert ever is the cookie on the hot skillet, super yummy.  Last item is their pub pretzels, get with the beer cheese
5	By far my favorite spot in Charlotte to go to when I am in town visiting my boyfriend.  They have so many flavors and options for wings it is amazing! And somehow their carrots and celery are the best I have ever had! Amazing deserts, great service.  I look forward to East Coast Wings every time I am there!
3	It's okay. I've gotten the wings and the fajitas before. Pretty good. They have a lot of different wing sauces. Parking can be tricky if on a crowded night.
1	Poor service and extremely slow. Lousy atmosphere. Buffalo Wild Wings is just across the street.
4	Went tonight and our waiter Chris was great. He explained the wing flavor thing there because they have 75 flavors and like 10 heat levels. The manager was freaking awesome!!! He bullishited with us and gave us tips about the area.
3	Good wings. They always have drink specials.
4	Wings and beer. The perfect combo. Had lunch today with a buddy featuring the above. I think they have great wings. Fried to a crunchy outside, moist and tender inside, then tossed in the sauce of your choice. Delish. And speaking of choices for the sauce. Wow. I think there are 75 to choose from!  Yes 75!  Something for everyone. Oh and they have great fries too. All washed down with tasty and cold beer. Yum.
1	Probably will not be back to ECW.  Food was tasteless, and customer service was the worst I've ever experienced!  They forgot part of my order, and it became my fault!  Not worth my time....worst wings ever!actually was forced to give a rating, my rating is actually minus (-) 5 stars
5	I've literally been to just about EVERY wing joint in Charlotte and this is the best. It took me some painstaking months of searching to make that claim, so if you find a better wing, message me, otherwise just pick one of their millions of sauces and shove some wings in your face.
4	Great wings!  The shrimp in buffalo sauce is so good too.  It's a nice spot to watch any game and meet up with friends for drinks.  It's reasonably priced as well, and a different atmosphere if you are looking for a wing place other than Buffalo Wild Wings.
3	Ordered take out and was not impressed. They had charged us incorrectly and the avocado on my salad was bland and rubbery. If that had been my first time eating there I wouldn't be back. It was just a blah meal.
4	Very good wings. Have been here several times and food always pretty good. Love the  baby bella mushroom appetizer with sriracha ranch. Sometimes service slow but not a bad place for wings and beer.
3	We always order the 30-wing sampler for $27. Can't beat that deal here. We have ONLY gotten wings(take-out) from this place. We always say that we'll try other things on the menu, but the wings are so good and we are on a quest to conquer all 75 sauces! I really like the uniqueness of the sauces ALTHOUGH we had some that tasted very similar. I recommend the dry rub SC&O(sour cream & onion). They are very good!! Some people had bad experiences here... oh well that sucks. Why not four stars???THE SERVERS ON THE PHONE CAN HAVE AN ATTITUDE AND SOMETIMES DON'T LABEL THE SAUCES ON THE BOXES!!!! IT'S SO EASY, JUST GRAB A FUCKING MARKER AND WRITE THE NAMES/INITIALS ON THE BOXES!!!!I still recommend though. Yes, even over B-dubs....
4	You have to try the Santa Fe Quesadilla. I don't usually enjoy quesadillas but decided to give it a try per recommendation from one of the waitress. It has a very rich taste to it. If  chicken and flavor is your thing, you'll love this quesadilla. The beer is also pretty cheap and they have a variety of wings and other food you can choose from. The local beer, No Shame, is also pretty good if you like PBR.
3	Wings are good but the customer service as stated in several other posts...less than desirable. I ordered for the first time on 59 cent wing Monday and asked for fries. They sold me a basket instead of an individual order and the fries ended up being more than the wings! If they had better service the place might be packed with inside diners and take out customers. If it weren't for the cheapo wings I would not be a returning customer 3/5! Upgrade the service!
