3	I've been a client for about two years now 99% of the time I get a pedicure the other 1% I do a mani/pedi combo.  They have gellish line of gel polish which fans know has a larger color selection than shellac does.
4	These people really know what they're doing. A bit pricy, but you definitely get what you pay for! Great interior to the building, as well.
5	I have been a client for around 4 years and I will keep going back. I bring my grandmother in with me every 3 weeks or so and they are always super accommodating to her. The staff remembers my first name, which I always appreciate. I've always been happy with the work they do, I use their waxing services, eyelash extensions and also pedi/manis. I continue to recommend them to family and friends in the area.
4	They do a great job. The massage during the pedicure could have been a little longer but all in all they are friendly an welcoming !
5	I have been going to see Tang and his crew for about 5 years now. Almost since they opened. It's a great place to go! All the techs there really know their stuff and do a state of the art job! I just love going there. They do a fantastic job, it is a clean place and they always make sure you are happy and relaxed. I am so glad they are here in my neighborhood!
5	I go here all of the time and have NEVER had a problem...I have gone during the week which they also give you a discount for....I always take all four of my daughters too! Make sure you are straight forward with what you want!  If you want the $20 pedicure all you are going to get it a $20 pedicure, deluxe pedicure is $37 but twice the work! Don't walk in with nasty feet and think a basic pedicure is gonna fix it...would you wanna work on somebody's hot mess for $20? If you are getting your nails done...book with Charlie and Tell him Megan's Mom referred you!  Their service is excellent!
5	Thank you SO MUCH Richard for taking such great care of my elderly mother when I had her in for a pedicure.  You were so tender with her and did such an amazing job! I can't wait to bring her back.
4	They are kind of pushy with the add-ons but as long as you are firm with what you want, you'll get whatever you want!
5	It's always busy, they always up sell the service (politely :) & they always want cash tips, but I trust them to always do a good professional job and I will never go anywhere else. Recently I started taking my daughter, starting 2nd generation patronage :)
5	This is the ONLY place I will go to for my nails!!! They are the soooo kind, and friendly, it's a place where 'everybody knows your name!' ;)  You can make an appointment, but its not neccessary, most ppl just walk-in. It is busy with HAPPY customers coming and going all day, everyday. I have been to other places before(when having a girls day),  but there is NO PLACE that even compares! There are so many things I love about this place, I seriously can go on & on! What really stands out to me(beside the WONDERFUL people that work there), is how CLEAN it is! All there instruments are 100% sterile(all tools sterilized like a dentist office), the entire place is always spotless. For me, even if I have to pay a few extra bucks, cleanliness and piece of always win out ESPECIALLY at a nail salon! Athough they do try to upsale the basic services, it is your choice what you want, and no matter what, they are happy to 'do it your way'! ;) There work is always perfection, and I appreciate their devotion to serve their customers. My husband and I went to a resort spa for my birthday, but the pedi I got from one of the most well know spas internationally, it did NOT COME CLOSE to Spa & Nail Creations, which is saying alot, because I paid 3x the cost of what I pay at Spa & Nail Creations! Like I said, I could go on and on about this 5 Star business, but if you need to verify for your self, go in and pamper yourself, and enjoy this little luxery, you deserve it!!! ;)
5	I have gone here for years.  I always request Charlie,  he takes the time to do a great job! Everyone at the salon is happy and professional,  and make a point of learning customer names and remembering what they like.
2	My mom and I came here to get pedicures. Not much to say. Pretty typical nail salon. It was relaxing and they did a good job. However when we were ready to pay my mom gave the nail tech her credit card. The nail tech actually had the audacity to ask us to give her the tip in cash. My mom said she didn't have cash and she would be paying with a card. The lady said she understood she wanted to pay with her card but could she please pay her tip with cash. My mom was getting pretty confused and uncomfortable. So I told her that we would be paying with a card and to please go charge it. Seriously!!?? I had to explain to my mom that she wanted cash so she wouldn't have to pay taxes on her tips. Ridiculous!!! It was extremely unprofessional and rude. For this reason I won't be going back.
1	I took my granddaughters to get our toes done and we were mislead to believe there was only one, very expensive price. After the ordeal, I wrote an appropriate letter to the owner, asking for compensation, and there was no response. I am willing to always give a positive yelp, but this was unconscionable. BUYER BEWARE! This is what happened: My two granddaughters and I arrived at Nail & Spa at about 5:30 PM, February 22, 2014. We picked our colors, and were invited to sit and start. There was some conversation about who I was, and what we were doing. I explained I was from California, and wanted to take them to get their nails done. After establishing who I was a where I was from, the people doing the pedicures continued to talk to each other, and every so often "California" would pop out in their dialog with each other. This made it uncomfortable for us as we knew we were being talked about, but not talked to.The conversation: While I was sitting there with my feet in the water, I explained I wanted a manicure, also. I said, "Just a manicure, no nail polish." Mia (I think that was her name) said, "$37" (pointing at one granddaughter), "$37" (pointing to the other granddaughter) and "$47" (pointing to me). I went into shock thinking, "Holy cow, what the heck is this place?" My mind was reeling with sticker-shock on this high-priced quote. My granddaughter mouthed to me, "Did she say $37?" I nodded my head, yes. She was wide-eyed, also. I could not relax from that point on, nor could my granddaughter. It was like I was being financially raped. Mia kept asking me if it felt good while she was rubbing stuff on my legs. I was so consumed with the cost that all I could do was nod my head, and wonder why it was $37 to get a pedicure. The final insult was when she went to do my nails she whipped out a nail buffer, and started buffing without asking me. Then she says it will be $5 more. I did not even WANT my nails buffed. I have thin nails, and when you buff them, they fray apart. Upon leaving, my granddaughter asked the girl at the desk how much a pedicure is. She said, "$23" (I believe) That was when I knew I had been taken advantage of. Mia did not offer the basic pedicure. She had only told us one option, and it was the most expensive. I believe this is bad customer service. My granddaughter is so upset; she does not want to go back there again for her brows. Both of my granddaughters insisted on giving me some money to compensate for the cost. That is NOT how that was supposed to turn out! I would NOT have posted this bad yelp if the owner had made it right, but I am writing this on April 23, 2014 and he has had plenty of time to respond. I cannot say that the pedicure was worth the price in any way. I was not happy with the actual pedicure work that was done, even if I was only paying the basic cost of $23.All I can say is if a business practices these tactics, beware! Just look for better, more ethical places to clientele.
4	Tee is amazing! I always go to her for my acrylics. It is a bit pricey but it's worth it. Unlike most nail techs who talk to each other during your whole service making it awkward, Tee always talks and jokes with you which makes it a very enjoyable experience. Giving only 4 stars just because of the price but overall this is a great nail salon!
1	This place sucks!! The workers there were VERY rude and unprofessional and I got a full set acrylic and there awful. There not straight, the pink powder glue seeps over the nails itself and the coat is see through because the didn't put enough paint on and there's air bubbles!! Never go there!!
5	My absolute favorite nail salon, hands down! The staff is nice, friendly, and timely...when you call and make an appointment, they actually book an appointment.  Last week, I got a gel manicure for the first time and they still look wonderful.  I am always very impressed with how they go above and beyond to satisfy their customers.  I will be a lifelong customer.
