4	While this place is a hodgepodge and its difficult to find stuff because its piled everywhere, the stuff here is all new in boxes at a fraction of the cost of new. They had toys, camping and sports equipment, electronics, tools, bikes, kitchen gadgets and more. The customer service was friendly & helpful.They also have a 14 day money back guarantee and a warranty if its from wAlmart and missing anything. (Most of the stuff is from walmart). I'm dinging them a star for extreme disorganization. But the prices MORE than make up for it. I got a train table for my son thats normally $150 for $36!!!!! Yahoo! As Arnold said,  I'll be back!
5	You can find some neat things in this place. I like to watch American Pickers and this store reminds of hunting for items on that show. That being said it's a little disorganized but it's gotten better since the last time we came in. They're reasonably priced place if you're willing to look long & hard.We grabbed a VERY TINY Charcoal grill from them that we like to use when we tailgate for Nascar.  It was perfect that we needed it and they had it.  It fits about 5 burger patties on it and for $5 it made us really happy.
5	These guys are awesome!!Open 7 days a week it's like a swapmeet with all sorta of treasures inside. You can get your kitchenware, patio furniture, electronics for every room, linens, basically you name it and they have it. I bought 3 TVs here and they have a great 2week return/satisfaction policy. My first tv had something wrong with the pixels so there was this constant green light blinking, we brought it right back and got the same one but instead of the display we got it fresh from the box. Today, my boyfriend and I bought two Huffy beach cruisers, a bike rack for our car & a baby seat so or baby can cruise with us!!All that $181!!!!!!Cheaper than target and Wal Mart!!!These guys are so nice and always give us good deals. If you are ever in the southwest, you have to check this spot out!!!
2	Overwhelming... Crap everywhere. They look like they went to auctions. Priced stuff for TV and then threw it in this place. A lot of the stuff was way overpriced. I didn't even really find anything I wanted cause I actually would have tried to negotiate. Not sure if they would go for it but worth the try. They got everything here from Tvs to umbrellas to dishes bikes tents. Didn't see any furniture, primary household stuff. Got s lot of bikes outside but not in the greatest condition for the price. Rather pay a little more and get a new one.
3	You ever wonder what happens to all those heaping carts of returned/"Wallmart-rental-service" items that you see go back at the customer service departments?  No they don't go to the island of forgotten toys or misfit merchandise.  They are marked as a write off firstly.  Some get returned for repair and the rest become liquidated.  This store is one of those liquidation centers.  All the stuff here are items that either never sold, for whatever reason like too expensive or excessively mass produced.  Some products were returned because the person over spent on a trip to Walmart for toilet paper but ended up as a $300 shopping spree.  If there are some opened, slightly chipped or damaged box items they are priced at unbelievably low low costs.  I'm telling you man, they are literally giving some of these things away.  I got a train table for my kids for $85 where I would have spent $180 plus shipping.  It was all there, I checked.  A small train set that I had on my Amazon cart for 79.99 was also there for only 27.99.  I scored like a mutha!  Also, I got a Duracell mini usb car charger rated 2.1v for $2.  If it has no price just ask the guy.  He will glance at it and make a mega good price for you.The store is crazy inside.  Literally there is no way for them to know what exactly is going to be in there at a time.  These liquidation stores bid on pallets or containers of shrink wrapped misc. products ranging from bicycles and microwaves to doll houses and sports equipment.  A veritable grab bag of goods type of store.  It's pretty F'n fun to browse just don't let the kids roam.  Not too sure how sturdy the stacking on the shelves of heavier items will hold.  This is the store you thought you were going to when you went to Big Lots.  Many useful things and perfect spot for some discounted X-mas shopping.
