4	Great race today, well organized. I like the way they separated the runners from the walkers on two different sides of the road. Many races are a mess because they have one starting line and the walkers line up early to get up front and are in the way. So very helpful not to have a bunch of people standing around talking when I'm trying to get started.Lots of fun free stuff they were giving out everywhere, even some cool hats. Most of the free stuff like shirts and hats you would never where again, but these hats I will probably get some use out of. Plus of course the whole event was for a great cause.
5	This is my second year running (well walking) in this race and I have to say both times were great. I agree with Elnino and Kayla, it truly is inspiring to be surrounded my survivors and people that come out to support the cause. Each time before the race starts they talk about how hopefully next year there won't be a need for a race... Someday. Last year the weather was a bit cooler but I didn't mind at first, since a large portion of the race is on nice, shaded streets. It' not till the last mile that there is no shade and you start to grow tired. Nonetheless the people cheering you on helps a lot and you finish feeling good.My only issue is that the festivities don't last longer. Last year we headed home immediately because we didn't have our wallets on us. This year after the race I was really cranky and wanted to eat before ewe walked down Freemont so we decided to go to Eat, which thankfully wasn't as full as you'd expect (although in retrospect, I know now why). After breakfast we headed towards Freemont but all the booths and people were gone, by 11; 30 a.m.! Even if the vendors had left, you would think the racers would have stuck around to party. I think next year we will walk around BEFORE The race and then have a leisurely breakfast. All in all, I love these races and would like to participate more in the future!
5	Great event for a great cause! They had a lot vendors, good information, location was perfect!
