1	Genghis Khan could never make it past the great wall of china, unfortunately Arizona's border is not as secure.We walked in and at 8 pm on a Saturday and I though they might be closing as it was empty inside and there were just two tables in use on the patio.There is a menu, however you basically then go and fill a bowl with protein and veggies. The bowl itself is much smaller yet the same price $9.99. The veggie options are a bit lacking as some things exists only in a mix, some items were frozen, and others were not well stocked. The sauces are a real shortcoming with a few thick gloppy sauces that you put in to a metal ramekin. As for your "starch" they add the noodles or rice, there is no rice after cooking.The bowl is brought to you meaning you do need to tip.My bowl was not enjoyable, it was not well cooked with some veggie items still being raw, the sauces were bland despite copious amounts of them, and again the peanut condiment tray was empty. I will be sticking to YC's or MuShu and I recommend you do the same.
4	My first time being to this kind of restaurant and I have to say I wasn't displeased nor was I impressed. If you want to get your moneys worth you literally have to stack the food above and beyond the bowls rim. Kinda a lot of choices which makes it difficult to make a good combination if your new to this kind of thing. However all in all I have to say my experience was good. Service was great. Just remember to get your monies worth.
3	Arrived at this place for an afternoon lunch with some co-workers.  I had the firecracker bowl (calamari, shrimp, scallops) a lot of veggies, and 2-3 different types of hot sauces on pasta.  I think the noodles may have been a better idea - but they also had fried rice and steamed white rice.  Only 3 stars because:1. The bowl was smaller than I've seen it most places.2. The seafood was cooked to the point of "chewy".3. The spice was not nearly as advertised.Pros: Clean, friendly staff.I'd probably return, but not until I've tried other places.
2	Save your money and go to Kyoto Bowl. Our waiter gaves us our metal bowls and then coddled my family like we're children. They have all the waiters follow us to get in line for the self-service buffet. They stand there like if you get out of line, you're bad. Weird...During this time, the waiter goes on and on about their food and what they have. Then when you get to the buffet, the choices are very limited and the food is so full of fluff you don't get to put much food in. Some of it is meant to be like sushi, uncooked, but since you put it in a bowl, it gets cooked with everything else. Oh yeah, and the place is loud. You'll have to sit elbow to elbow to hear your family. The novelty about this place is that you can watch the cooks cook your dismal amount on an open fire oven. That's the coolest thing about this place. They serve it in these trendy lopsided bowls. At this point, the food has really shrunk. The food is tasteless. Anyways, they give you the bill and even though somebody else paid for my bill, I was shocked by the price ~ $10 a bowl. If I had $10, I'd rather go to Taco Bell.
3	Fun to experience this at least once, they start a tall fire on the grill regularly and bang on a gong when they receive a tip. Their veggies are fresh & plenty of proteins to choose from ( a little uneasy seeing raw chicken out).  Being a novice I had no idea how much sauce to use, I recommend you use about 1/2 a ramekin.I can't say the atmosphere or decor did anything for the experience and our waitress didn't really look the part or look excited to be there.
2	The food here is ok. Service is decent. Realistically, there are several options in this area (ie. Pei Wei or Rumbi) where you can get similar style food that tastes better and wont cost as much. $3+ for an iced tea...$9.99 for a basic, regular sized bowl. I figured it was worth a try...but likely won't be back.
5	Came in around 2pm the place was empty. Which by the way is awesome. Its so much better not to have to rush in the line. The place was clean and very presentable. Service was good I think it was the manager who was making rounds and checking in on someone. Nothing bad to say this time had a great lunch with my family no complaints.
4	Excellent value for the money. Fairly inexpensive, good quality food. $1 beers on Sunday is a plus.
1	Service was terrible. The server was nice, but not very efficient. If you want a better alternative to this same style of food try out YC's. Genghis Grill not only doesn't taste as good as YC's, but the portions are smaller and you are required to have a server you must tip. Overall YC's is the better bang for your buck and tastes quite a bit better.
4	Clean, fast and much more organized than the BD's I went to.  Wish they had as many sauces as BDs, but I'll take clean and organized instead!  Delicious food though!  And I loved the recipes they had - for those less creative :)
4	This location is a "corporate" store.  As such they accept all coupons and groupons.  We had a groupon, and the location at Tempe Marketplace wouldn't accept it.The format is the same, however.  Mongolian BBQ.  A 'bar' where you select what you want in your bowl (meats, veggies, spices and sauces), take it to the cook, and he cooks it up for you.  There are several places that do this (such as YC's).   We found the ingredients here to be good, a nice variety, and the staff was very friendly.  The finished bowls were delivered to our tables cooked and piping hot.Probably the one thing I have to ding them for is not providing enough starch (in my case, noodles).  Of course I do pack a lot into my bowl (see below for my tip), but still...they should add 50% more noodles than what they do.  Also, YC's usually has a person who will suggest combinations (if you don't already know what you want).  GG doesn't seem to do that.Tip:  bring a sheet of wax paper with you so you can pack down your bowl.  You'll get more that way.  Also, the veggies should go in first because they will tend to want to fall off the top if you put them in last.  Mushrooms at the bottom (they don't grip on anything).  Meats on top.  Mound the bowl high, you get as much as you can fit onto the bowl for the one price.  So don't be timid.  And, yes, you can take home the leftovers.
4	Love the food! We design and put together our own bowls so I guess we wouldn't be able to blame the staff if the food was bad, just ourselves, but no complaints here. Customer service is great, reasonable prices, excellent deals on domestic beers and if you get their loyalty card, you get even better deals. It's usually pretty slow when we go, but maybe because its during the week. I hope they stick around because its one of our new favs!
2	Mediocre and overpriced Mongolian bbq. Came with a restaurant.com gift certificate, so the price wasn't too bad, but at a regular price of $10 a bowl, I could get more food for much better quality elsewhere. On the plus side, they have a pretty wide range of meats and flavors, and even offer recipe cards to help you compile your bowl. However, I didn't really like their selection of starches. They only had rice or udon noodles, but I really wanted something more like an egg noodle...And though the service was friendly, the fact that they need waiters/waitresses simply to bring you drinks and your finished bowl seems rather unnecessary.
5	So, I love this Place. We had a little mix up tonight and I somehow got someone else's bowl. The manager was so wonderful about it. He let me make another bowl and didn't charge me for dinner. I will be back again and again..
3	The waiter talking too fast :), I missed what she said (I am kinda slow today ^-^). I ordered no.6, the tasted was great.  I also ordered ice tea and a cheesecake. Total amount was $20.The services was fast and very friendly. The atmosphere was great for hangout with friends since they have a nice bar there.
5	I love this place! Been a loyal costumer for over a year. Food is always delicious, the service is normally fantastic and they really treat there registered customers well (i.e. free bowls and special deal)
4	Cant beat it, cheap mongolian food where you make your own dish.  Nuff Said!
4	I think this is a great place. I like the whole concept behind it. Pick out what you want and can cram into a bowl and they cook it up for you. So many different combinations.Yes. Sometimes the food line can get a little messy if they are busy. This location seems to do a good job of keeping it clean and tidy.It is pretty easy. They give you your bowl when they seat you then you go to the food line and pick out everything you want. They also have recipes if you just can't decide what would go good together. Start out with the meat. They have steak, pork, chicken, sausage, crab, etc. Then you move on to spices and whatever veggies you want. You finish up with sauces. All different kinds. They have little metal cups for the sauces and you can get as much as you want of everything. You take your bowl and sauces over to the cooks and let them know what kind of starch you would like. They have several different kinds, udon noddles, white rice, fried rice, egg noddles and a few others. They give you a number and you go back to your table and put the card in the holder. When your bowl is done they bring it right to your table. They do provide forks if you just can't handle chopsticks.They also have a few apps like edamame and potstickers.  I love potstickers and theirs are pretty good. They also have $1 domestic beers. Tough to beat that.This may not be the best place in the world but it is pretty good. It is kind of your own fault if it is not good since you put it together but there is the possibility the ingredients were not fresh or something. But every time that I have been here there has never been a problem. I will continue to go back once in a while.
4	I've been to a few different Genghis Grills and I have to say this location has been the best one so far thanks to their staff.  Everyone I came into contact with was friendly from the hostess to the guy stocking the veggies to the cook to my actual waiter.  They all said hello and made conversation as I went about everything which was nice.  My waiter almost verged on being TOO attentive which I know sounds crazy but in the 20-25 minutes I was there he came over to check on me 6 times and that's no exaggeration.  Not to mention he seemed to keep cleaning the same table and re-arranging the same chairs nearby my table multiple times.  He was nice though and it's better to have a server who's too attentive rather than one you can't seem to get to come to your table.My only gripe with all the Genghis Grills has got to be the ingredient station.  Everything tastes wonderful when it's cooked but it just seems like no matter what time of day I go in, the ingredients look like they're last nights leftovers.  Just not very fresh looking.  I'm sure it's hard to keep them looking fresh as they're sitting out exposed but couldn't you just switch them out a little more frequently?
2	Welcome to the epitome of Americanized Asian food. Ham? Pepperoni? Maybe for the confused. And the sauces - the god awful sauces I could probably buy in an overpriced bottle in the "Asian" section of Safeway. They were loaded with too much sugar. I tried the "Mongolian BBQ sauce" which was really actually cleverly disguised Texan BBQ sauce - lots of cumin in it and pretty much devoid of Asian flavors like hoisin and sesame oils. I also tried the Dragon sauce and teriyaki. Both loaded with sugar. On top, the bowl they give you for your toppings seems pretty tiny. I couldn't pack the meat plus the vegetables I wanted. The actual bowl that is served is huge because they load it with noodles. The ratio should have more vegetables like cabbage and bean sprouts and lower on the noodles. Oh, you can also get your BBQ wrapped in a burrito too. OK.At least service was good? Pretty much it's only saving factor. I'm pretty sure Panda Express has less sugar, and at least their food doesn't consist of pepperoni (Truth: I love Panda Express). The fact that this people think this is Asian food makes me die inside a little.
5	Love it every time!!
2	Staff was ok except one. Went there during lunch hour and as we are getting ready to prepare our bowl. one of the members of their staff yells at me with an attitude " you cant be back here" what she is talking about the area between the 2 self serve veggie/ meat station. One bar was closed but with all the respect it is hard to reach to an item that is way in the back so I went to the other side to make it easier to reach and this girl yells at me from across instead of coming closer to me and warning me it is not allowed to be on the other side. How rude! what is ur location's goal here? go big or go home! I wont be visiting again.
5	Always love this place! the management always hooks us up if something goes wrong, or if everything's not perfect! good service, great food you can pick out to your likings. YUM. good quick eat and go place.
4	They seem to be in the middle of a transition, changing the menu to add special entrees and such.The manager was walking around tonight offering patrons random FULL entrees for free, just to try ! That type of atmosphere is what will guarantee my return - goodonya GG.
3	Went to Genghis Grill to redeem a free birthday bowl and this was my 1st time at this location, I have to say the set up inside is nice.  Went to go get my bowl made, and when I got their a young man asked me what types of meats I wanted, and he was serving them into the bowl, and I thought oh, this is different guess he is putting my bowl together for me, and after he placed the meat into the bowl then he gave the bowl to me to finish up with it, which I did, just wonder why I wasn't able to put my own meat in, because I would have added much less than what I got haha. Even though I am a carnivore, I do love my veggies and I just feel Genghis just doesn't offer much in the veggie department. But they do have Udon noddles which I happen to love!My lunch bowl was good, service was friendly, and glad to stopped by and added them to my lunch time list!
5	I love this place!!! Such great ingrients and a wonderful happy hour! I come here pretty regularly. I always go with steak and shrimp. $1 domestic beers all day everyday! Who can beat that? #YUM
4	A nice, inexpensive place that gives you endless options for combinations of vegetables, sauces and proteins. It's a little dark and dingy so it didn't get five stars
3	My husband and I love going to Ghengis Grill and creating our own masterpieces.  We stopped in last night for dinner and they've made some changes.  They now have three sizes of bowls to choose from.  The only size they had before is not Medium, and there a small and large now.  That's fine and we figured that probably pleases more people.  BUT, the big change is that the employees behind the counter at the food line now put the food (meat) in the bowl for you.  You can ask to do it yourself, but you are carefully watched while loading up your bowl.  It just feels uncomforatble and makes you feel like a pig if you are trying to load up your bowl, which is half the fun!  It all tasted good in the end, but it wasn't the same creative dining experience that we used to enjoy.
1	Disgusted with this place. Went here for my husband's birthday dinner. Bad choice. Agree with the other review about the sneeze guard, you cannot reach the third row. There is food spilled ALL over. The wait staff act as if your table was their first serving experience. My glass should never be empty for 15++ minutes. Food was a little less than decent. In my opinion, the food should have been free, because I left being very dissatisfied.
1	Wow, get your shit together.1 hour for an iced tea and a lunch bowl? Seriously!! Thanks for wasting my lunch hour!
1	Decided to try this establishment on a Friday night and was highly disappointed. The food was incredibly bland and over cooked. I tried the 'legendary' fried rice with veggies and tofu. The tofu was not prepared correctly (read mushy like mashed potatoes) and the only extra veggies were snap peas. My husband tried the Thai street noodles. It was basically yaki soba noodles with a spice and was clearly not Thai. His noodles were so over cooked they were almost crunchy. Our server topped the experience off with not knowing how to describe the food and alcohol menu. Should have known this place was a bust since there were 3 other patrons dinning. Save you self time and money, don't bother with this place.
3	I ordered off the menu. My mistke. the tofu bowl was very flavorless. I will not be ordering of the menu anymore. I will build my own bowl from now on. The lunch prices are a little up there at $9 for a bowl, but you will not leave hungry as the portions are hearty.
1	Appetizers never got made, brought wrong bowls to the table, they didn't explain how things worked... Very disappointing for a first visit, will not be back!
1	Not good!  If you love Genghis Grill, do not go to this one.  The quality compared to Tempe Marketplace is by far much lower.  They only have a third of the vegetable choices and they won't even let you make your own sauce. The rice was stale and the worst part is they pre cooked the chicken. Awful just awful.  Now, I go to Genghis enough that I make the same meticulous bowl every time. It's awesome by the way. But this place practically made my bowl the way they wanted it and it was awful. I'm pretty particular about my Genghis.  I will say the service was very good but the quality was not.
2	UPDATE: I went there today and found the sign down and the doors locked. In my opinion, the beginning of the end was when they made the menu changes and reduced the items in the buffet. It was never the same after that.Original review:I have been eating lunch here weekly for the past year. They recently did some remodeling and changed the menu and the bowl-building procedure. Before these changes, I would have given them a solid '5" rating. Now they earn a "3".Here's my gripes with the new format:1. They now have an attendant that offers to fill your bowl for you. He/she needs to get lost. I'm a big boy and can build my own meal.2. They no longer have artificial krab meat and have seemingly reduced the choices of meats and vegetables. Bring them back.3. The sneeze guard over the food is too low and too deep. I have fairly long arms and just about have to stick my head beneath the glass to reach the back row. Was this built for dwarfs or something?Here's what I like about this location:1. The staff is excellent and service is usually always good.2. It's clean.3. Buy 10 bowls and you get one free.I have noticed that it's less busy now than it was before the changes were made. These changes seem like solutions in search of a problem. It wasn't broken before, why did you try to fix it?On the other hand, I ate at one in Dallas a few weeks ago and it was set up the same way, but they still had the krab meat. The location at Tempe Marketplace is still the way the Chandler location was before they "fixed" it. I'd go there, but it's too far for lunch, and that location gets really packed. Hmmm...see a pattern here?I will still eat here on a weekly basis, unless they try to "improve" it more to the point of it being a hassle to eat there. It is a little pricey, but you control your own portion size, so fill the bowl wisely. The food is very good, I just wish they hadn't made so many changes.
4	The food is very tasty and there are several options to satisfy everyone. Not many Mongolian bbq's have fresh meats and seafood to add to your bowl but this restaurant does. Even though you go through the line and customize your dish yourself, the servers were still very on top of refills and making sure everything was going well. A little on the pricey side, but well worth it. Would definitely go again!
2	Holy crap, out of all restaurant I picked this place. Food: the Mongolian rice was hard and the veges was not cooked at all. Orange chicken was so nasty, it should be called bell pepper chicken not orange. Serivce: let's say the girl was not very responsive.  But I do give 2 stars for the manager being so polite and letting us know how everything worked. Overall I probably would not be returning.
5	Food and cleanliness is much improved! Also new menu options make for a good change. Will be returning in the near future.
5	Great marinated steak and great service. They even gave us to go drinks.
2	The first time I went there is was a 5 star experience. Every time after that the stars just kept falling off. They stopped the scallops , shrimp, marinated beef, and replaced them with three kinds of tasteless fish, two super tough, chewy beef, and turkey, really?, what, no stuffing? Grrr, I will call before next time, no seafood, no go! Another bad experience and I will put my free bowl on ebay where everyone gets rid of their junk.
5	I am here at least once a week, yes a regular bowl costs you around $10 ... BUT, it's huge and will last me for at least another day or so.  So if you think about it, you only spent $5 a day for lunch.  Not bad.  Pack as much as you can in that bowl!
4	What a great place to eat. Dimitry was awesome. He interacted with our boys and made cooking fun. Will be back again !
1	Been here many time. Bad food experiance today with minimal amount of sympathy from management and staff. Chicken was like pudding texture before cooking and not much better after. Manager explained they were experimenting with a new supplier or something. I should have been offered a discount, free drink or some incentive to come back. I wasn't - and I won't. I'll stick with the Henderson NV location.
1	Not what I'm used to for Mongolian food. The meat was pre-cooked (I'm used to the frozen stuff) which I felt didn't pick up the sauces flavor. One of the charms of mongolian is mixing your own sauces to create something unique for yourself. Think you can do that here? Absolutely not. Being used to pouring my own sauces I grabbed the ladle to get my sauce which was ripped out of my hand and explained they don't put sauces on the grill. At our table they had little tablets where you could purchase games and actually check out and pay for your meal. Even with the option of splitting the bill. Do you think that service worked? Absolutely not. We tried splitting the bill where only one person got to pay using the device, my bill wouldn't go through, my best friends bill only partly paid. We asked for assistance and no one knew how to fix it. It's a great idea that just wasn't executed. If you're looking for true, yummy, make your own Mongolian.... keep driving past this place.
3	= = = = =  DAILY LUNCH & DINNER BUFFET  = = = = =Came to this Genghis Grill location for a first visit today, Sunday, to wolf down some Mongolian style Buffet.  The first plus was that they don't charge a premium price on weekends.  (Also, the prices here are $1 less than at Tempe Marketplace.)     :-)For this third visit ever to a Genghis, I decided to go with a small bowl (think thimble!) & see if I could pile it up tall enough to make a lunch.  I was successful, & by the time it was as high as Ulan Bator it held the following goodies:Sausage, ham, marinated beef steak, chunks of lean pork, Pepperoni, broccoli, small whole dried red chiles, red & green Bell Pepper slices, sliced carrots, spinach leaves, Chives, baby corn, Water Chestnut & mushroom slices, all topped off with enough Snow Peas to roof a Ger!     :-))The sauce is served into a little steel cup by a staffer at this location, & I had her give me 1/2 cup of Garlic Water, 1 cup Dragon Sauce & 1 cup Khan Pao Sauce.The chef added my starch choice of (Mongolian wheat) Udon Noodles into the mix & fried everything up on the big round grill.Before long a larger bowl of everything cooked up (photo) was brought to my table by friendly server Angel.  The sauce mixture was great once I added just a little Soy Sauce and this was my favorite buffet bowl yet from a Genghis Grill.  It was also my favorite of their locations that I have visited so far.I'm holding my rating down to a high 3 Stars because I prefer the dining setup at  YC's Mongolian Grill locations.  With that said, the food was delicious here and the table service excellent.     :-)Small Buffet Bowl $7.99, Medium $9.99, Large (or unlimited Smalls) $12.99.
2	I love the idea of Genghis Grill and used to go to the Tempe Marketplace location a ton. I love to make my own bowls and I think the quality of the food is really good. This location was a hot mess though! We went last week and were so disappointed. Our server explained that his "boss forgot to renew the liquor license." Ok, I don't know what's worse... forgetting to renew something so important to a restaurant, or having employees who would tell guests something like that. We heard him say the same thing to 2 other tables!Then we proceeded to watch our server flirt with the hostess while the majority of what seemed like unsupervised staff, jerk around while we waited for our food.  I kind of felt like I was in that movie "Waiting," which made me a little nervous to eat my food lol  I'm sorry to give this place such a bad review, but I feel like I owe it to the owner to let him or her know what's going on. If they could only get it together this place could be awesome! It has everything you need to make a successful restaurant.. good location, great concept, great food, good prices.  It just seems like the owners have given up. If they turn things around I would go back.
3	= = = = = =  CLOSED!  = = = = = =I'm a little sorry to see this Genghis Grill close, but I think YC's Mongolian Grill is more fun anyway and maybe this closing will help secure YC's Chandler location for the longer term.     :-)
5	This place had such amazing food! I am super disappointed they closed down!! I always do take out, never eat at places like this. It is the perfect food to take home and eat with a loved one while watching a movie. Now we go to YC's, which is very good. But not AS good as Genghis was. But I enjoy Mongolian BBQ a lot. One of my fav types of food to eat.
