5	This is probably the best chinese place in Montreal. I have been here thousands of times with many different people, and every time it was great. Bugdet decor, small, frequent line-ups... even at 3 am... C6, C22, H2....are the best items on the menu. I think I have tried them all.whether for lunch, dinner or after a long night out, this place will not disappoint. I understand why it's the only Chinese restaurant in china town that is continuously very busy.
4	Due to an amazing lack of reviews for Montreal's wonderful Chinatown.  I had to just take risks and walk into places unknown, just like the old days before the interwebs...After walking around Chinatown for a few days, and spying on all of the different restaurants and their patrons, we finally chose this location out of many.  From peering in from outside the front window, it appears to be a white tablecloth establishment.  But, after reading the menu prices on the wall, I knew it was too good to be true.  Indeed once we were seated, we were quick to realize that the tables were covered in layers of at least 50 white plastic trash bags that slip around underneath your food.  Makes for an appetizing situation and sound.  Like I noted before, the specials are kindly posted on the wall in Chinese, French, and English with clearly listed prices.  The Snow Pea Leaves with Garlic Sauce were excellent and under $14 CAD, which was a surprise.  Normally, this dish will set you back about $14.95.   Sadly, that was the only item that we ordered off of the wall menu.  We should have stuck with the wall recommendations, especially the 2 for $24 lobster special that everyone around us was ordering.  They obviously knew what was up, and we did not.The Salt and Pepper Pork Chops were actually a little spicy, much to my amazement, and it made me happy.  The Sliced Fish with Black Bean Sauce, could have been worse.  But, I detest celery and this dish had a ton of it.  It was my fault for not letting the waiter know.  For a Hong Kong style establishment, the service was absolutely amazing.  Again, much to my surprise.  The dishes come with complimentary bowl of steaming rice and a pot oolong tea.  Everything was plentiful and quite cheap.Montreal has made me more humble in many ways.
4	This is the best chinese restaurant in Montreal. If you're a local, you know this. I usually go after the clubs close. It's famous for that. So tbh I don't really remember much about the food but I know it was good and it's crowed at 3am. So go.Update: On a recent couple (and more sober) of visits I had the lobster special (2 lobsters for $32) made with ginger and chili. It's so delicious!!! You gotta have that!
3	Probably the most well known Chinese restaurant in Montreal, patrons consistently rave about the place.  Open late late, this is often where famished clubbers head when the bars start to close down.  The food is cheap and the service is swift, but it's not fine dining, the tablecloths are disposable after all.Think of classic Chinese food from the 80s, assorted vegetables drowning in a lumpy MSG laden sauce. At 3am after a night of heavy drinking it's the perfect meal, but on a day-to-day basis I find their style of food a bit heavy.Le Maison VIP is really great for what they are. If you are in the mood for old-school Western style Chinese food, or the party is dying down late one night and the munchies are taking hold there isn't a better place to be.
4	Great food.  Wait staff grumpy at times, but the food was great!  Portions are large.   Not expensive at all.
4	Nice little gem in Montreal Chinatown.La Maison is a place that looks like it would be overlooked (had it not been for Yelp of course). The restaurant is located in Chinatown of Montreal and looks kinda shady from the outside. The interior was much nicer and the place really impressed. The menu had all the favorite Chinese dishes and we were off...We ordered up the Lobster Special (2 for $25!), Three Kinds of Seafood, Chinese Broccoli and Fried Oysters. The Lobster special is really something. I love Chinese lobsters because they use every part of the lobster. The lobster is cooked with ginger, onions, and garlic. It's incredible how every part of the lobster tastes so good. That combination of spices makes me want to even eat the shell. The Three Kinds of Seafood is one of my favorite Chinese dishes. I try getting it whenever I can because it's lightly battered shrimp, squid, and scallops tossed with salt, hot peppers, and onions. It's so tender and lightly crisped to perfection. The Chinese broccoli dish is alright. It was a bit bland and needed a bit more spices being that Chinese broccoli is very "stalky"...if that's a word. The broccoli was crisp though which I enjoy. The Fried Oysters were a bit odd. The oysters were HUGE. I couldn't believe oysters could grow that big. They were a bit weird to eat and the batter was really doing damage because it is holding all the juices inside. It's dangerous because the juices inside are boiling hot and as soon as you bite into it, the juices explode into your mouth. Burned mouth beware. The taste was ok, a bit salty, but not bad for a first time. Overall, great food and wonderful prices. Service was a bit spotty, but the food more than made up for it. It was a nice day to come here after a nice day in Old Montreal. Definitely worth your time.
5	So good,I love noodles and the food is always fast and yummy
5	Cheap and great food!
1	Weird, for all my late-night chinatown runs, I have never been to VIP. Weird.Last week, shopping with my GF we were heading to Eva B from the metro and decided we were hungry enough to eat. And voila VIP.I'm not going to make this too detailed because let's just say this was not a great place for daytime dining. The place was empty, there were two waiters and one guy sitting in the window seat. That's it.We ordered a soup, and some salt and pepper squid and some dumplings with peanut butter sauce. The salt and pepper squid was okay, the soup was bland, and the dumplings were lukewarm with cold sauce atop. Nope, I'll stick to my regular Chinatown haunts from now on!
4	I was pleasantly surprised by this place, especially after reading the mixed reviews. I went with a large group of people, so had the chance to sample several dishes and almost all were excellent. We especially loved the beef and vegetables in bird's nest (a crispy noodle fried into a nest shape), the general tao tofu, a fried pineapple tofu dish that wasn't on the menu but they allowed us to create, a huge noodle/veggie/chicken dish (the wheat noodles weren't amazing on this one, but it was still a fun consistency). One of my Chinese friends ordered a duck's feet dish. I'd never seen duck's feet so up close...it was interesting.  As others here have noted, the price is extremely reasonable and it's a great place to go with a large group of people (the lazy susans on each table make for easy sharing).  Well worth a visit!
4	Entrees under $10, drinks for $5, and a menu that is as large as China itself. And the service was great too. What's not to like? And definitely the best hot and sour soup I've ever had, served in a large china bowl and filled with vegetables and tofu.Excellent choice in Chinatown.
4	Yum yum yum, this place was delicious! It's not the most glamorous (table cloths are white, thin, cheap plastic) but the service is good & the food was great. We were especially impressed by our waiters honesty when our group of 15 had duplicate orders. He told us the portions were large and no two people should order the same thing, as it would be plenty to share. And boy, was he right! Portions are huge! We had chicken fried rice, pork fried rice, egg rolls, spring rolls, shrimp lo mein, boneless spare ribs, wonton soup, beef/chicken/shrimp satay, general tsos chicken & chicken & broccoli. I tried a bit of every dish - fantastic! And the price is right!
4	This restaurant has consistently good food at very reasonable prices. I wouldn't bring a date here but I would definitely come here for lunch or dinner with friends. Also this restaurant is open late so a great place to sober up after drinks.
4	If possible, make reservations as they are a very popular Chinatown choice. The menu is extensive, and the service is very good. The prices are very reasonable with many entrees under $10The Shanghai soup [A1] is huge, easily enough for two (or three) and delicious once is cools down below boiling. Their Won Ton soup was also flavorful with some of the largest Won Tons I've ever seen seen. The Rouleau de Poulet (sp?) was excellent.  Crispy outside and succulent inside. Also tasty was the [h11} Singapore CF. And like everything here, all was served steaming (if not scaldingly) hot from the kitchen.
3	On a layover nearby hotel, it was nice to find a restaurant that opens late. Ordered yeung chow fried rice and a supposedly fish and pork belly in a sizzling pot. The fried rice was pretty good However, I had better sizzling pot else where. I asked the server what's in the pot when ordering. He told me fried fish, pork belly and lettuce. When the food came, instead of pork belly which was advertised in the name, I got shredded pork. I got snow peas, red peppers, mushrooms all shredded. Totally a dish taliored for westerners.
