3	I had high hopes when entering this salon. There's a wide selection and the shop is well maintained. My bridal consultant was sick and was very little help. She probably should have stayed home that day. I wasn't sure what I wanted but was certain that I hated pick-ups. I let her know this and the one dress she picked out for me to try on? A dress with pick ups. Additionally, while there are a lot of dresses, they're all so similar it feels like there are only 5 or 6 dresses in the shop. Don't get me wrong, I still feel like it's worth visiting, if only because there no time limit to your visit which allows you to try on as many dresses as you wish with no limitations. I just wish I had a better customer service experience. I was a little disappointed when I left.
4	This is my favorite bridal salon in the area! I came in without an appointment with a friend of mine to look at bridal gowns. The salesperson let me take my time and look through all the racks and pull the gowns I wanted to try on. She carried them into the dressing room for me. Then she would wait by the door until I was ready for her to come in and zip me up or clamp the dress. This is nice for anyone who might not be comfortable standing in your undies in front of a salesperson. When I came out to show my friend, the salesperson would give helpful comments but not anything too opinionated or overbearing. She let me control the appointment and the dresses I tried on. I didn't make a decision that day, but did have a front runner in mind. I came back a week later with 2 family members and tried on my front runner as well as some other gowns. They were just as accommodating as the first time. I still couldn't make a decision until I had been to the other salons in the area to make sure I was picking the best dress.I came back another week later for a third visit. I tried on my front runner and this time it clicked that it was the perfect dress for me! I purchased the gown the next day. I needed time to really think about what dress I wanted to wear and the salespeople here were never pushy or impatient with me. I never had an appointment and always got help when I needed it. They are ordering my dress now, so I will update the review to let you know how the alterations go. For anyone who is dress shopping, make sure to stop here!
4	NY Bride and Groom offers tuxedos, suits, bridal gowns, bridesmaid attire or just any type of evening wear. I recently had to get a tuxedo for my son and the staff did a great job getting him fitted and showing me how to make the adjustments so it would fit him properly.  I was very thankful with the patience and thoroughness they showed him and that they apparently have lots of experience dealing with toddlers.....definitely a plus in my book.
4	NY Bride & Groom was pretty much a wedding miracle for us. Straight up.I walked in the first time with only a list of dresses I thought I might like from the lines they carried and having never tried on a wedding dress. In less than two hours the salesgirl had found me the dress I was meant to get married in, measured me and written up the order. All with a smile on her face and a great energy. We rented the guys tuxes from their formal wear section and had not a single fit issue, not even for the groomsman who is 6'6" and about 100lbs. Veil. Bought it there. Shoes. Bought them there. Alterations. Done there. Appointments (other than for alterations)? I think not! No need! Awesome.When I asked about getting my shoes dyed, I appreciated being referred to a local shoe repair shop since the service they use had been hit or miss lately. It added to the already established feeling that these folks really did want us to have the perfect wedding day. And who wouldn't love that.I would warn that when I was measured the clerk never asked me what high shoes I was planning to wear. Because I didn't order extra length, the height of my shoes was limited, but I was able to avoid a hemming charge. If you are taller and plan on wearing heels make sure to specifically say so.
5	This place has 5 star service! I love the fact that you aren't expected to have an appointment - in fact - they don't even take them! The shop is clean and well lit with plenty of space in every isle. The dressing rooms are HUGE with just the right amount of seating, hooks, mirrors, and floor space.I have been to a variety of bridal shops along the East coast and this was by far the most relaxed and enjoyable experience I had. The sales people are plentiful but not overbearing. Every time I pulled a dress to try on a sales rep would step out of no where and take it to my room for me (and somehow, even with a full store, each different sales rep knew which room was mine). Unlike the other shops I had tried where the sales girls are obviously and truly trying very hard to make a sale, NY B&G just want to make your experience a good one. They give you room to decide what works for you yet lend a helping hand exactly when needed. I can't stress it enough - they were BEYOND helpful and there every time you needed them to be (without having to ask for anything) yet always in the wings allowing me and my girlfriends to enjoy our shopping experience together. I would recommend them for any bride or bridal party needs. They were remodeling some ares when I was there and since my wedding isn't until Sept 2013, I plan to go back in March to find my wedding dress from them and see the changes first hand.
4	The employee who helped my friend and me was so friendly and knowledgable!
1	Absolutely the worst experience! NY Bride and Groom seems okay in the beginning when they are trying to win your business; however, once they have your money and its time to get your dress things goes downhill. I have never been in a business with such poor customer service and lack of care for the product. When returning for a dress fitting, the dress was placed in the dressing room and all employees disappeared. The dress was wrinkled and had numerous picks running down both sides. No excuse was given about why the dress was so wrinkled but we were informed that the picks are typical of their dresses (I have never heard of such but then again I had never been involved with such a disaster).  They do not care about the condition of the product or their customers. Rather they are focused on securing their funds regardless of the failures they may be guilty of. I would recommend getting married wrapped in a bed sheet before going to NYBG.
4	I had a really good experience at NY Bride for the most part. It was really convenient for me because I wanted to take a look at what they had before going to do my shopping with my family in Syracuse (they have another NY Bride location there), and they have great hours and no apt. necessary . They have a very large selection which is a plus...but some of the dresses were in some serious disrepair making it hard to get an idea of what they might look like if they were in good condition. One of my favorite things about NY Bride was the robe they offered me so I didn't have to keep putting on clothes each time I wanted to look through the racks. Their prices were good and  you could easily find a dress within a reasonable budget.
5	After having a cold reception from our appointment at J Majors, the warmth and friendliness of the staff at NY Bride and Groom overwhelmed us in the best way.  The staff is non-commission based, and clearly just love the experience of helping a bride find her dream dress.  The place is HUGE.  Endless seas of white fluff lol, but the consultant helped us find our way around.  She was patient and very attentive to our indecisiveness.  The dressing area is beautiful and there are many mirrors available so you don't have to feel like you're waiting in line to see yourself even if the place is packed.My friend found her perfect dress, right within her budget, and we couldn't be happier!
5	When it came to getting married, nothin struck fear in my heart more than the notion of purchasing a huge, white wedding dress. Just the thought of searching through plastic-wrapped dresses, trying on samples and having to make a decision brought me to tears. I did NOT want to go dress shopping. I sort of hoped that I would miraculously find something without having to shop. I was an idiot. A friend of mine beseeched me to go dress shopping while she was in town, so we made an appointment. No big deal, right? By the time we made it in the door, I really thought I was going to hyperventilate. Not a pretty sight. But the calm, experienced sales staff wasn't daunted. Our consultant drew us into the bridal gown area and we looked at dresses. Every kind of dress...big ones, small ones, lacy ones, shiny ones. I mean, Dr Seuss really missed out on writing a children's book about wedding dresses!!I tried on a few of the official gowns, but found them to be too...much for my simplistic and rather austere taste. Plus, I had a sub $1k budget. Nothing fancy here. I ended up being steered in the direction of bridesmaids dresses, many of which are available in cream or off-white. I tried on a sample...in brown, no less, and just knew, it was the dress. (Not at all influenced by the $200 price.)A few weeks later, I came back in and had my mother approve. Her only qualm was the visibility of my tattoo...otherwise she loved the dress. My fears diminished as I ordered it in cream and waited for the day it would arrive. It came just in time, and didn't require alterations. The perfect dress for a perfect wedding. I can't recommend this place highly enough. They never tried to upsell me or make me feel inadequate for choosing a bridesmaid dress to wear. All in all, I would steer all my soon-to-be-married friends here. They also do formal menswear, for what it's worth.
5	I could not be any happier with my experience at NY Bride & Groom. I went in with a tight deadline for my dress (2 months). The ladies gladly pointed me towards dresses that could be ordered in time. After my dress arrived quickly, they were also helpful with the alterations process.Also, I didn't realize that I was supposed to order my veil in advance. When I went for my final fitting, I tried on a brand new veil that had just come in that day. Since it would take a month to order one, they were kind enough to let me purchase that one. It matched my dress perfectly.Overall, I completely recommend going to NY Bride & Groom first. You won't have to go anywhere else!
5	I had a tight deadline and tight budget and they met both!! I went in several times with my girl friends to try dresses on... Always felt welcome, at first I felt a little under appreciated because they don't let you set an appointment...I was new to dress shopping and wanted someone to help me and I wanted personal attention ... Although they were still very helpful... I found a dress but it was out of budget and they worked hard to find me a super similar dress in my price range. The lady in alterations was sweet and helpful as was the owner who I worked with a few times. I had a destination wedding and when I went to pick up my dress they told me to bring a carry on suit case and they would pack it for me!! I was very impressed with this extra help! Extra tip- take a bottle of white (never red!) wine with you to drink with your girls while you try on dresses.. Don't forget your own glasses and opener!
1	Horrible business practice!!! Scenario.... Bride walks into NY Bride & Groom on a Friday, finds the dresses she wants for her bridesmaids, price is quoted, one bridesmaid leaves a deposit. Bride and bridesmaid leave store after being quoted a price. Bride returns Monday with remainder of her bridesmaids ready to leave the deposit for the rest of the dresses, NY Bride & Groom now refuses to acknowledge the price that was quoted just 3 days ago and now wants to charge a rush fee!!! ... Yes, that really happened. Avoid this place.
5	The BEST experience in a bridal salon this far. I've visited multiple locations in different cities, NY Bride and Groom strikes the perfect balance between top notch professional customer service and a comfortable and laid back experience for the customer. I'm a plus-size girl, and have NEVER been able to walk into a bridal salon to have plenteous options!!! I look forward to purchasing my gown here, and highly recommend this location to any bride in the search process. Oops, I forgot to add that the prices are wonderful as well...plenty offered in a multiple of price ranges.
5	I had a great experience here. They weren't pushy and were understanding. I enjoyed not being followed around every step I made through out the shop.  After a couple of visit and trying on dresses I finally bought the gown! Perri was awesome and easy to work with. She was very sweet and helpful!
5	I visited no fewer than 15 bridal stores in the NYC and Charlotte areas when I got engaged - some even multiple times. I'm fairly sure I tried every single bridal salon in Charlotte/Cornelius/Matthews/Gastonia (with the exception of Nitsa's - they never got back to me when I inquired about a dress.) After all that legwork, I ended up getting my dress from NY Bride & Groom. They're a perfect balance - not snooty and formal like some of the schmancy stores, but also not "low rent" and depressingly self-service like the cheaper options. Every single consultant I worked with during my dress quest was knowledgeable and friendly, and they know when to give you space as you browse. They're there when you need them (or try their best if the store is super busy), but never on top of you.There is absolutely ZERO sales pressure, which you see at a lot of at other bridal stores. (Many stores won't even let you take photos, which I consider a giant red flag that they're jacking up prices or pretending to have exclusive merchandise - they're purposely making it harder for you to shop around to verify.) NY Bride & Groom' s prices are super reasonable - there were several dresses that I had debated over for awhile, and I'll be the first one to admit that I called around other places to see what they cost elsewhere. NY Bride & Groom was right on par with even one of the most price-competitive, larger stores I browsed in NYC, and even an online-only retailer.They were super patient with me the numerous times I came in to look at another (and another...and another) dress that I had seen online that I wanted to try, and they have a borrowing program that allows you to order samples that they don't have in stock (for a fee that can later be applied towards your actual dress purchase). They were so wonderful that I legitimately hoped the dress I decided on would be one they had in stock, because I felt that of all the 15 stores I had gone to, they truly "earned" my business more than anyone else. In the end, the dress I picked was under my max budget, and with some minor (but transformative) alterations that the consultants helped me envision, it'll be exactly what I wanted. Bottom line: I'm cost-conscious and I want good selection and great customer service. I did my due diligence shopping around, and NY Bride & Groom has impressed me on all counts. I'm still awaiting my dress, but barring something going wrong during alterations, my experience will have been pretty much perfect.
