5	Owner Eric Papadeas cares about his customers and makes sure he and his team do an excellent job. I have had Pest'R Us Exterminating spray regularly for bugs since I moved into my house in 1995. The monthly service consists of spraying the exterior of the house, the perimeters of my garage and the landscaping area. I have nothing but good things to say about Eric and Pest'R Us Exterminating. Even his slogan is great... "Pest'R Us Before They Pester You!" Needless to say, mi casa is bug-free! (AZ License #1 5263 B). 2011 "Ranking Arizona," ranked #4 Pest Control Services under Real Estate-Residential.
5	They did a great job! Had an ant problem come out of nowhere! After hosing my patio down with three different bug sprays, ants were still all over the place.  I called on Monday wanting someone today and the owner of the company came to my house same day and waited for me as I ran a little late from work.  I will surely use them again!
5	We have been using Pest R Us for at least six or seven years. Great service, always friendly and I never have to worry about bugs. I like that I have had the same person servicing  my home for since I started as a customer.Thank you!!
5	I moved to AZ from Seattle and the whole bug thing is new to me.  We hired Eric and his team to spray the home we were going to be renting prior to moving in and use their monthly service.  They are awesome.  Always on time, friendly, cost effective....I HIGHLY recommend.  Anytime we have any questons or concerns they jump on it.  We noticed an ant problem in the backyard after being in the home for a month or two which we only noticed because my kids were getting bit when they would play in the backyard.  Talked to Pest'R us and they solved it....no more ants. We bought a new puppy and he started gettng ticks on him, Eric (owner) came out personlly today and treated our house (inside/outside) and yard.  These guys are awesome....don't go anywhere else.
1	Worst service ever! We called them for ants in our rental home, and they sprayed around the house.  I gave them my credit card for a one-time payment, and a few months later I noticed that they charged it AGAIN! I emailed them right away asking them why are they charging my credit card without approval (not to mention that this is NOT LEGAL.) They said that this is follow up treatment (THAT I DIDN'T WANT) and just charged my card. I told them to stop and that I don't need their service any more. IN 3 MONTHS THEY CHARGED ME AGAIN! This time I again called and talked to Linda, and of course they said that there is nothing they can do, that they went to the house, sprayed around--not sure if they did that even and charged my credit card again.DO NOT USE THEM AND NEVER GIVE THEM YOUR CREDIT CARD! They never took any responsibility nor refunded my money.This is stealing and it's without approval, now I have to change my credit card so they don't use it again to charge me for their "services."
5	These guys are incredible. We had a huge ordeal with cockroaches going on only to later find out a much bigger problem going on in the house contributing to the nasty suckers. Anyways, they came out as soon as they knew what was going on and took the time to answer any and all questions we had (we had lots having a newborn in the house). They may be slightly more than other companies, but they've earned my referral because I know I can trust in them in an emergent situation. Very personable and confident in what they do. Awesome! Definitely recommend.
