1	Eh. As I may have mentioned in previous reviews, for me, the bar for Thai food is set by Thai Hut. Erawan ain't even close.First off, the place is dank. Like they built it in the basement of some 1960's ranch house. The carpet is funky -- not like fun-KAY -- but like ew, funky.I do give them props for friendly and attentive service. But the food, is just OK. The fried apps are really greasy, and the accompanying sauces are so straight-out-of-the-jar.The entrees, not much better. The pad kee mao was really oily, and despite the "spicy" warning, was exceedingly tame, as if they dumbed it down for us. Plus the portion size was really small, and they skimped on the noodles. Oh, and they charge for soda refills. We just felt nickel and dimed for a skimpy, boring meal. Not like we expect huge Buca di Beppo like portions -- just enough so that you aren't starving 20 minutes later.
1	Eh, it was ok if you're looking for bland and boring flavor.  The service is good and friendly.  Not much to say about them.
2	I only went here because I really wanted Thai food and I live kind of close. This place is in an older strip mall with very kitschy decor which influenced my decision to order my food to go. The food was good but not enough to keep me coming back, I ordered the pork fried rice and captain rolls. I probably won't try this place again and will just have to plan accordingly the next time I need my Thai food fix.
3	Been here a couple times with an old friend.  There food is good, but  I've had better.  It's small and wish that the atomsphere inside was more appealing for a customer like myself to dine in.
3	Erawan is definately a Hole-in-the-Wall restaurant . . . but it gives it character. You definately can't go on looks alone to venture into this thai-rant in the corner of a old strip mall. Upon walking in . . the cook is sitting in a booth on a computer, the host was texting on the phone but both were very prompt to recognize us and sit us down (granted we were the only ones there). For being a family ran restaurant - there was quiet a bit on the menu. And after placing the order - you watched the cook go into the back and fix the meal.On our plates came Ginger Chicken and Green Chicken Curry with steamed rice. Both tasted delightful although I would have liked a little more spice in the Ginger Chicken.  And to finish off the meal a bowl of HOMEMADE COCONUT ICECREAM - such a cool treat.So if you are looking to impress - maybe not the place to go. But if you want a quiet atmosphere, with family ran business and some good Thai food . . give this place a try. Just don't let looks deceive you!
1	Wow. There is a neon sign on the window that reads "Best Thai Food in Town". LIARS! It was literally the most putrid thing I've ever eaten in my life. I walked in and was hit in the face by this really odd stench. A cross between urine, a gym, and rotting chicken would be the best way to describe it. I should've turned around and walked right out. However, some "ethnic" restaurants have an odd smell to them so I decided to forge ahead, past the HUGE fish tank with 3 fish, kids laying on the floor, and tables that look like they haven't been cleaned in a month. There were awards everywhere raving about the cuisine there. Well, I don't know what was wrong with the people presenting these awards because they obviously have no taste buds. Since I ordered my chicken green curry to go ahead of time, I didn't have to wait long (thank baby Jesus). I got home and discovered that the GREEN curry, was somehow red not green (even though it was in fact green curry). Not only that, but there was hardly any vegetables or chicken in it. In fact, it was more liquid than anything.  Just plain 'ol terrible, at best!I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to my worst enemy...
4	This place is one of the "dives in a strip mall" that seem so popular in this state. Today was not the first time that I have eaten here but, after reading some of the negative reviews, thought I would toss in my two cents..... I like to go here for lunch. They are prompt and the food is the perfect amount for lunch....maybe a bit too much. I am a creature of habit. Once I find that one thing that I love, I can't help but to run comparisons to other restaurants. Erawan has 2 items on it that I have to name as Best in Phoenix......Mint Chicken and their Tom Yum Gai soup. FYI, you can not get that soup on the weekends though. So, in short, this place is great for lunch and can't speak about how the service is any other time.
4	Came here for a family gathering and had a good time. We ordered family style so we all got to try a little bit of a lot of food. All of it was good and the waitress was very helpful and polite.
1	I always pass this place driving to school but never had the time to try it out. I was excited to try it today with a group of people after church. I really wanted to like it, but overall, it was a bad experience. The food took an hour to get out, the interior design is old and non-welcoming, and the cook (i'm guessing is the owner) came out to greet us with bed hair. The food was mediocre, I ordered the pad thai spicy. Sorry, I wont be dining here again.
3	Just opposite to Thunderbird business school...Food is OK .. The service is very poor.. Infact one of the person is very rude
