3	I don't like going to chain "Mexican" restaurants like this.  I don't think they are all that good and all serve the same crap.  The only reason I was here was because I was going bowling across the street.  It was about 9pm on a Saturday night and the place was pretty dead.I enjoyed the chips and the spicy bean dip stuff they give you to munch on.  The fajita platter I split with my wife was also pretty good.  The steak was excellent and the chicken and shrimp were good as well.  You can't really screw up fajitas (I hope), but it was all a pretty standard meal for this type of place (Garcia's, Macyo's, etc.).The service was also very good.  Our waiter was fast and friendly and my diet coke was never empty.
5	I love this place. The chips melt in your mouth as you eat them. This particular location is amazing, becuase they often are very slow and I guess this makes the service so wonderful. Half of the stars are from the outstanding service I receive EVERY time. Sodas are ALWAYS bubbly, and cheese crisp tastes like eating candy. The other food is all 'good' but nothing to shout over. I am addicted to the cheese crisp, though, if ever you go here, TRY IT. Their cheese is amazing, usually always perfectly crisped tortilla. I have also tried taquitos, which were ok, fajitas which were pretty good, etc. Most is all "Ok" or "Good" but the cheese crisp is "Phenomenal".Cant wait to go back! Wonderful servers. Always get treated like a VIP.
2	Garcia's has typical Mexican food, perhaps a bit better than Macayo's. Not authentic Mexican food, but adapted to what the typical American might like. At this location of Garcia's, the food was OK, but the service was not good at all. The waitress couldn't give us guidance on drinks because she doesn't drink alcohol. The drink menu doesn't have any prices on it, so I asked her how much some of the drinks were, and she didn't know that either. She just gave me a price range of $5.95 "on up". I'm not interested in ordering a drink with no price, only to find out later that it cost more than my meal itself. I didn't take any chances that night. She couldn't guide us on what to order on most of the dishes because she doesn't eat meat. With all the people looking for work, I'm surprised they couldn't find someone appropriate to wait tables here. Anyway, some of the drinks got there quickly, but the manager ran drinks over to the table about 5 minutes afterwards (perhaps she forgot about us). Later on at 845pm, they were running a noisy vacuum cleaner in the dining room on the other side of the room divider. This went on for several minutes, and I thought perhaps they had closed down that dining room for the night. But no! There was a still a table of people eating there. If it was annoying for us, imagine how they felt! Just overall a disappointing experience and I won't go back to this particular Garcia's again. There were plenty of empty tables on a Saturday night at 730pm, so perhaps others have decided the same?
3	Decent place, good for a chain or mall restaurant but nothing amazing. Poor service but the Americanized Mexican food is pretty solid. My wife likes some of their fruity Margarita offerings but past that the place is a resounding "meh."
5	Yum!
5	Growing up in Phoenix, Garcia's was a favorite dining destination for my family.  Fast forward 20 years later and I am living in Tempe with my partner and it is still a favorite.  This location is actually inside an Embassy Suites Hotel.  Even when its busy there is not much of a wait time. Yes it is a chain restaurant but the food is muy bueno.  The chips come with a spicy bean dip, yum!  There is a good selection of food, my favorites are seafood fundido, shrimp tacos, pork tacos and most of all their fajitas are probably the best I've had!  I'm not much of a drinker but they have lots of tequilas and margarita specials.  We are regulars there so we get treated very well.
4	My 300th review on Yelp was a Taco Bell on Ocean Ave. in San Francisco.  For my 400th, I'm moving a few notches up:  Garcia's Mexican Restaurant in Tempe, AZ.My wife and I were exhausted and hungry after an evening meeting with our realtor.  After some deliberation, my wife suggested Garcia's  This is not the Garcia's with which she was familiar, but we know the area (near a Denny's that we frequent), and I have seen the place before, so it was easy to find.According to my guide to Mexican restaurants (see my review of Valle Luna), Garcia's classifies as a type D, or chain-type sit-down restaurant.  I had a cheese enchilada plate and she had her usual chile relleno combo.  My meal was quite tasty.  The chips were thin--not as thin as those at Chevy's--but easily crunchable and dippable, with a good salsa and bean dip.  The enchiladas were delicious, and the rice was unusually spiced with something resembling a curry/cumin mix--very good though.  The black beans were fair.My wife liked her relleno combo, but was surprised by the amount of breading.  She enjoyed her meal on the whole as well.Service was friendly and we both left satisfied.  We also got a meal to go for our daughter at home, and were happy to see the large amount of chips and salsa that they packed into our to go bag.Thank you Garcia's for a good type D Mexican meal.  Here's another place my wife and I need to frequent here in Tempe.  Next time we're tempted to go to the Denny's nearby, I'll suggest going here instead.
5	Delicious food for really great prices! Meals are all around $10, but you will definitely have some to take home! The chips and salsa that they give you before the meal are also really good. I would definitely go here again!
2	It's interesting that Garcia's is tucked away in the Embassy Suites.  I think it probably works out for both parties since there are barely any restaurants in the area and hotel guests are forced to come and order here......damn them.And as a hotel guest I did just that, but I ordered it to go.  I don't know what the standard for mexican cuisine is here, but Garcias is just shy of a typical Chevy's, maybe not even as good.  I was starving, so I went on a binge and went with the 3 item meal, but then who knew I ended up going on a diet:-Enchilada - this was ok, and mostly because of the sauce and how they drenched everything in melted cheese.-Chile Releno - melted cheese is good....but TOO much melted cheese is just death-Tamale - one bite.....and that's all I had and nothing more because it sucked.And the guacamole and other sauces were mediocre.  I guess when you're part of a hotel and have a steady flow of guests come in, you can slack on the quality of the dishes.  sad.....truly sad.
2	I'll start with saying the chicken fajitas were REALLY good. And our food came extremely quick.However, the service was bad, and my $7 "peach margarita" tasted nothing like peach and EXACTLY like the mix you buy at the local grocery. Also, my friend ordered a virgin strawberry daiquiri and instead she got some weird smoothie with whip cream on top.Also, while the waitress was fairly nice to us, we waited 10 minutes just for her to bring water and ended up having to ask another server. They seemed really busy, but why someone couldn't even bring water, I don't know. Also, she was horrible to a girl that was at the table next to us. The girl was gluten intolerant and stated this and asked instead for corn tortillas, and the waitress said "WELL THEN, you'll just have to wait." So rude. Anyway, I will NOT be going here again. If I want chain-restaurant mexican food I will stick with Chili's fajitas.
4	I remember growing up going to Garcia's, so I don't know if it's all nostalgia or not but the chips and salsa here are the best! If you feel like you need to actually order something but don't know what I suggest Olivia's Sampler for a  few different options.It's a little strange going to an Embassy Suites to eat while not staying at the hotel, but not strange enough to keep me away.
5	Went here for the first time and it was Excellent!Myself, Wife and kids all went here for the first time. We all were very impressed with all our meals. I went off the reviews off my phone, and tried it for myself. The great reviews are true, this place is really that good. Everything was top notch. I had the enchilada combo, the sour cream blend chicken was superb, as well as the others. Everything you can tell was made with care. We all were very impressed with the food and the quality and taste.This will be my favorite Mexican food restaurant. It's just too bad it's soo far away from us...
3	The food here is decent and the prices are good.  It is typical mexican food with nothing remarkably good or bad.  If you are staying at the hotel this is a great option, but there are a lot of other options nearby for locals.
3	Ok... My last review really sucked, no real information - shocked it wasn't filtered.  Time for a legit review.Partook in Garcia's this evening.  The bar is full of "Jones" folk.  These are Edward Jones Investment newbies. Apparently every week they fly a new crew (of about 100) in, the failure rate is 96%, but keep the contacts given during the pre-hire process. Granted, there are a few senior Financial Advisers here... They are not who I am referring to in my post.  So I walk in and I am surrounded by suits (literally... wall to wall) staring me down. For those of you who don't know me - you have to pay me to get me out of shorts and a t-shirt.  If you pay me or you are a 4-star, I will do Italian threads, but only then! Thankfully, they are all busy doing the Captain pose at the tables so there are a few seats open at the actual bar.  After no less than 6 inquiries of "are you a Jones man?" and 3 job offers (they claim to all make over $200k/yr, according to Glassdoor.com the average salary is $43, 257) I am finally left alone to enjoy my Grey Goose and a la carte taco. The Goose... stellar... 9 bucks.  Average for Tempe.  Bartender (Bryan) is a real cool dude.  I felt his pain, he felt mine.The taco is decent.  If I would have been a grease fan I would have liked it a lot more, possibly 5-stars.  I had pork (known at every other Mexican restaurant I have been to as Carnitas) and it had some flavor.  Positive points there.The atmosphere was decent, TV's with the MNF game highlights on... I think 3 stars is both fair and generous (I am aware of the contradiction).  If you are sequestered to the hotel without a car, great option.  The service from Bryan made the experience decent.I, however, will not be investing with Edward Jones.
1	I tried this place on a whim ordering via Delicious Deliveries, the restaurant delivery service. Now, I kept my expectations low considering we were having it delivered instead of dining in the restaurant. (No, we're not lazy, I swear. It was midterm season.) Even with that in mind, we're concluding if we were some strange alien species visiting the planet for the first time and ate what we ate here, we would turn around and never come back.I had chicken and beef flautas and a beef tamale with green chili a la carte while my friend ordered a chimichanga. My friend went to town on his chimichanga, actually lifting his head before the meal was finished, which is always a bad sign. Apparently, it was bland and dry - now with sauce gushing out of its every orifice, that's a pretty "amazing" achievement. The beef tamale was "eh" - slightly higher than "urgh" but lower than "meh" on the yummy scale. The flautas were cooked to a crisp. So crispy, in fact, I could almost hear my father screaming in slow-mo about carcinogens while staring at the blackened ends. So I turned to the sopapillas, certain that at least they couldn't mess up dessert. (They could.) The sopapillas were hard and overcooked - how in the world do you mess up sopapillas?! C'mon! They were also so saturated with cinnamon sugar that I took a knife, scraped the excess away, and had enough to top an additional fifteen sopapillas. Pretty much the only thing that was somewhat tasty was the cream cheese concoction that came with the sopapillas.And to think we suffered the after-effects of Mexican food without ever really enjoying the benefits... laaaame.
2	Bleh. First, any "Mexican" restaurant with ground beef on the menu is not authentic. Second, this stuff is not fresh. I asked whether they could cook my steak for the steak burrito medium, and the waiter said the steak was "precooked."  So, I asked for steak and shrimp fajitas. I asked for the steak to be cooked medium, and it was harder than an old sponge (nasty). I ate here last night and asked for medium rare steak fajitas, and they came out very rare (still mooing). Rule of thumb: do not order steak from here.  Also, buyer beware!  My coworker literally could not put her fork through the tamale she ordered ... Someone overheated a frozen tamale!
5	Had a friend in town staying at the Embassy Suites this week. Since there was a Garcia's in the hotel, we just decided to go there for lunch and catch up.  I hadn't dined at a Garcia's in years and I am always skeptical of hotel restaurant prices.  But I was pleasantly surprised at the reasonable prices for such large portions. And the food was delicious!!!  And our server Carla was just the sour cream on top of the enchilada!  Her service was outstanding!  I will definitely be back!!
2	Well, the service was poor & the food was mediocre, at best. Even the chips & salsa were blah, once I finally got them (after the entree arrived & I asked for them).  Garcia's might be worthy of 3-4 stars in the Midwest, but this is Arizona.  You can do soooo much better!
1	Agree with earlier review from Greg except service was worse than poor and entree was hot, but sides were cold; obviously sat on plate waiting for entree. Restrooms are located in the hotel lobby, nowhere near restaurant; needed a tour guide to get there! Terrible experience!
4	Recently redone bar adds a lot to the place! They give free chips, salsa and awesome bean dip with every purchase. I'm a sucker for the pollo fundido- won't be disappointed. Being attached to the hotel is nice with all the travelers willing to chat it up around happy hour!
4	best garcia's in town the place is always empty, the tortilla soup is better here than the other locations ive been too. the interior is more upscale than the other locations. even the plates are nicer and food looks like a gourmet chef makes it. The other garcias it comes out looking like it was fast food out of a wrapper or something. i drive out of my way to eat at this location. same friendly waitress every time i go.
4	Good food and great service at very reasonable prices  The bean dip is unique to other mexican restaurants. Standard fare, and wish they served carnitas, but what they serve is excellent.  Highly recommend the carne asada tacos.  Reasonable prices too.
