4	The people who work here are super nice, and I loved browsing the costume stuff when I came in to pick up a prescription (I used to live very close).  They also have a fairly broad wine selection at reasonable prices, and you can sometimes pick up sale bottles for cheap.I'm subtracting a star because, like so many other local businesses, they're closed on Sunday, which I consider a serious disadvantage in a pharmacy.
5	Wow, I don't usually enjoy my shopping experience so much!  The owner is gracious and helpful, and the store has a fun atmosphere.  I love that they pump their music into the parking lot.  I appreciated the mummy waving people over too, I would have driven by it otherwise (this was my first visit).  I was impressed with the wine selection - I'm looking forward to my $7.something giant bottles of Argentine wine!  (They were on sale.)     They have a pretty great selection of costumes and halloween props, makeup, etc. considering how small they are.  And they're a pharmacy!  The customer service is superb too, very considerate in suggesting before you check out to try the robe/mask/whatever on because they have a no-return policy.  Now it was my first time so I may have been dazzled but I'll definitely go back.
5	Three cheers for Mallatt's!  Pharmacy, post office, beer and wine, costumes and more, all in one place! The costume section is full of awesome gag gifts, like fake puff cigarettes, fake moustaches and beards, "grills" (the teeth kind), you name it. If there is a better place in Madison to get your costume gear, I'd be shocked. The wine is pretty cheap, and there is a good selection (considering you're in a pharmacy). There are a few beer choices.  The employees are amazingly helpful and pleasant. If you live in the area, check it out. They have everything.  If you don't, but you need a costume, check it out.  My one complaint is that they are closed at 7 p.m. and on Sundays, but hey, I guess you have to close sometime.
5	LOVE this place!  Everyone is very helpful and friendly.  A dog-friendly place too, with home-baked treats provided at the register.  Don't miss the wine tasting 4-6 pm on Fridays, where the samples are served up in medicine cups!!  LOL  Bill knows his wine and this is a great place to shop for less than elsewhere on great wine.
5	This is for a store review, not the pharmacy department.  I love Mallatt's.  Our family has a tradition of going here every halloween since we were tiny!   Nothing bad to say... Except... Do NOT accidentally try on the wigs that are packaged.  Only try on the ones modeled on a styrofoam head. Word to the wise.  You will be HUNTED!  Happened to me just today. :)
