2	I just don't get Dunkin' Donuts.  Maybe it is because I've been spoiled by the deliciousness that is Rainbow Donuts - or maybe it is just because Dunkin's donuts are just total crap.  We happened to be in this area today, and got a few donuts to fulfill my sugar craving.  Their chocolate donuts are brown, but they don't actually taste like chocolate.  They were some of the blandest donuts I've ever eaten.  The pink-frosted sprinkled donuts were marginally better, but the apple fritter was a waste.  I am so glad I live by a REAL donut shop, so I don't have to resort to these low-quality, flavorless, tiny donuts on a regular basis.  If you are within 30 minutes of a Rainbow donuts, make the trip - you'll be glad you made the effort for fresh, flavorful treats.
4	To start I didn't even have a donut I had an died coffee carmel latte .  I am a big coffee bean fan and didn't expect much because I don't run  on Duncan but my wife and I were surprised very good flavor not overly sweet.  Lastly for 3.75 it was 30oz of coffee which for two people is perfect.  I will be back and my Starbucks snob wife even said she liked it..
3	I seldom drink caffeine these days, reserving the consumption for when I need the extra kick.  Of course that means I no longer have coffee in the house.  Last night as I got home from work about 10:30 and knew I would have to be up at 4:30 I realized a kick was in order. Earlier this year this Dunkin' Donuts opened just down the street from me where a Del Taco used to be.  Only a few steps away from a Charbucks I made it my choice for the next morning.  I checked online to make sure they would be open by 5:30 only to find the open at 4AM.   Who the heck functions in the open at that time of the night?  Any way I pulled in about 1/4 to 6 and found a light steady stream of customers inside and in the drive through.  Intent on black coffee I did not get any doughnuts but assume a Dunkin Donut is a corporate thing.  The coffee itself was strong and black and did the trick.  Service was a mix of; I don't want to be here and lets make the best of it and joke around a little from both of the people I dealt with.  Being easy to get in and out of I would stop here again when I need a caffeine fix.
5	I am glad to see that Dunkin Donuts has made a comeback in the valley!  And I was delighted to find this fairly new Dunkin Donuts on my side of town - they have the best tasting coffee and donuts around.  The coffee is very good - I buy their iced coffee year round to refill my Dunkin mug. Also I like their ground beans that I brew at home.  Love their donuts too, especially the old fashioned, lemon filled,  and toasted coconut donuts.Who knew Dunkin offered bagels!  Dunkin's bagels are great - just the right proportion of dough to crust - not huge and dense like others serve.  When you order with cream cheese, they will toast them for you - nice!This Dunkin's location is also conveniently located in a strip mall that has other fast-food places and stores.  I make sure to visit a couple of times a week.
4	I was delighted over Christmas to see a Dunkin' Donuts in Phoenix.  Their coffee was good, their donuts were fresh, and the service was ok.  One time I came here they were out of a lot of options, which is always disappointing, but that happens at all bakery/donut places.  And they sell Dunkin' K-Cups here which is great!
2	This is a bad drive through exp. greeted by some guy trying to be funny and sing a greeting that made no sense. I then place my order and the person said sorry I forgot what you ordered I have a hundred things going on at once can you repeat that? I get to the window and the girl tried to give me the wrong order then said oh well, you'll just have to wait longer and laughed. I don't reco this place to anyone.
1	Horrible donuts and sandwiches.
1	bought one dozen donuts..turn out to not to be fresh..never buy donuts on weekday..weekends seems to be fresher.  should be charge day old price.
3	It's a Dunkin Donuts.  However on our last visit, service inside was extremely slow -- which would be okay because they were busy, but not a single smile from the person helping us?!  Smiling and being friendly goes a looooong way with me.  Was even more disappointed to find out that said person was a manager.
1	Horrible customer service at this location. Ordered coffee and donuts and when clarifying order was correct the cashier was very demeaning. I had previously purchased coffee at this location where the order was wrong so I wanted to assure they had the order listed correctly. The donuts served were stale; one was hard as a rock! When commenting on this to our drive-through attendant she was anything but helpful. While hitting the hard donut against the steering wheel to show how hard/stale it was she said oh it shouldn't be that hard yet did not offer a refund, a different option, or even an apology. We left quite annoyed and will not be retuning. If you want a good cup of coffee and decent customer service, go to the Starbucks in this plaza instead, they have always been wonderful!
1	Well 2nd time I have come to this location. 1st time was New Year's Eve. They were closing early I didn't know that. Went thru the drive thru waited and then thought ok I will pull up to the window. Yep see employees and the sign for holiday hours and they were about to close. So I guess showing up 10 min before they close means no service they ignored me. 2nd time I called. Showed up ordered just to be told nope out of those all I have are these. So needless to say I couldn't get dough nut holes at 8pm. Note to self. I won't be trying a third time. I will drive to the one further away. Never had a issue at that one.
1	Dear reviewers reading,Bad service, every time I go here they don't care of seem like they have better things to do like talk to each other instead of taking care of the customers. And I go here always in the evening to get my coffee fix and sweet fix. Whenever I walk in there is no one here at all so I go up to the counter and wait and wait, wait some more till finally the workers are done talking about something then the lady always comes up and just asks "What do you want?" not in a welcoming tone but more like she is annoyed that I walked in. And I just order a donut and I always get something iced, but this last time was so bad! I had my friend with me and we ordered a blended ice drink, I got mocha and he got caramel, the lady behind the thing just hurried and threw them together and then served us it, the drinks were a mixture of both mocha and caramel and they were super liquified not blended or at least a little thickness but super watery like I ordered a over ice drink. She just then took off and went back to talking to her friend so I left. Next time I'll spend the extra money and go to the Starbucks just to the side of this place.
1	All the employees here are horrible and whoever does the hiring needs to be fired. Never met customer service people so rude and bothered by the fact that you come to their job and purchase stuff. Hello the customer is the reason you have a job and paycheck you small minded humans.
4	Best coffee,  half the price of Starbucks!    Service is always fast and friendly and always correct!
4	Went in on national doughnut day, got a large iced coffee and a doughnut for $2.63. Hard to complain about that price!
1	Watered down iced coffee and stale donuts.
1	Ok I knw dunkin is cheap but they are horrible too. My food is always gross and the ppl who work drive thru are rude.
5	Trying a decaf iced caramel coconut coffee today  Yes it is amazing!! Like this DD it's nice and clean. Staff is friendly!! Just down from Banner thunderbird.
