5	The KAM was sort of the Chicago MCA equivalent for me.  Alternative media, photography, music and experimental visual art and sculpture all meant a welcomed stimulatory experience among the decidedly non-urban setting of the university.
5	Favorite place on campus to see a performance! This place is decorated very nicely inside and they have great acoustics inside the auditorium.
5	Krannert Art Museum is lucky to have a Director that actually believes art should stimulate and provoke thought...and that's exactly what she does with the exhibitions I've seen there so far. This would be the local equivalent to the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts in San Francisco ... cool social events and openings for a cross-generational and cross-cultural crowd. What I love most about KAM is that I've had some great conversations standing around the lobby of a show and there's no snotty art culture where people blather on about "high art" and how it's so much better than anything and everyone. They don't play those games here, even though this is the 2nd largest art institute in IL outside of the Chicago Art Institute. Impressive, yes? Pretentious, no.
5	Wow!  This place is definitely three steps up from the typical university art museum.  I was at UIUC for a conference, and several of the other participants and I ended up killing a few hours of free time here.  I am so glad we did!They have a number of really interesting exhibits, including some odd and creepy installments.  The space is gorgeous, too -- much bigger than I expected.  Don't miss it!
4	This museum rocks, especially for a university.  A few friends and I had so much fun wandering the place.  Loads bigger than it looks, Krannert offers everything from Gaugin to modern mulit-media installations.  There's a great one about baggage right now.Went for a friend; she was opening her MFA exhibition.  One half star knocked off 'cuz was extra-tempted by her claims of wine.  Sadly, they only served soda.  Any art opening should have wine, people.  That's how you tempt folks into gettin' a little culture.The other half star knocked off because the security guard followed us around like he thought we'd stolen his puppy.  C'mon, you don't expect to see oddly dressed mofos at an art opening, guy?  The fact one of our party was a 60 year old librarian (who really looks like a librarian!) didn't tip you off that we weren't there to rob the place or splash mud on the older works?
5	Great museum on a terrific college campus.  I know it doesn't get the attention the sports facilities do but it should.Check it out next time you are in C-U.  It is a great way to recharge your batteries and let the power of art soothe your soul.
5	Come get your creative juices flowin - What a great way to spend 2 hours on a Friday afternoon! There were several rotating exhibits one being from the graduate students at UIUC. Other exhibits included 1700-1800 oil paintings, Jacob Lawrence: Toussaint L'Ouverture Series, Fasioning Traditions of Japan, Counterpoints / Moshekwa Langa: Mogalakwena, Encounters: The Arts of Africa. The experience was quiet, reflective, and mind stimulating. There is a small coffee shop inside which I did not partake but looked like a nice spot to read/study with some caffeine. If you bring a bag they will have you check it in one of their quarter lockers. So bring a quarter (you get it back)! Museum is free with $3 suggested donation.
5	The east wing is haunted. Five stars.I think it might be emanating from Laredo Taft's 'the blind' but I can't be sure; could be the Peruvian artifacts in the basement.
5	KRANNERT IS AWESOME!!!  This is probably the best college museum I know of.
5	Krannert Art Museum Center is awesome and completely changed my perception of IL. I took an art tour (excellent) and an architecture tour (not as great). Of course it depends on the tour guide. I really wish I had left more time to just wander around. This is not your typical museum. It's full of "resting spots," beautiful scenery and tons of diverse art. I would go back to IL just to revisit Krannert Art Museum.
