4	My favorite place for jerk chicken and chicken curry, absolutely delicious! Small restaurant with an authentic atmosphere. Oh and they also use Crystal Clear Water, which is the best tasting water ever!
5	They offer the best lunch special with great choices! Their curried chicken have amazing flavors and portion sizes
5	I'm a big fan of Jamaican food, so when I moved to Kitchener I saw this place and was dying to try it. I've had it a couple of times now, and it's one of my favourite places to pick up a quick dinner on my way home.I got the "small" curried chicken dinner both times, which comes with a large portion of rice and peas with the curried chicken poured over the whole thing. With that you also get a fried plantain (YUM) and a side salad. It's a lot of food, and that's just the small.The flavour is good, but I like to put extra hot sauce on it to kick it up a bit more. I'm gonna have to try the other dishes soon!The service is quick and efficient and the place looks clean inside. If you've never had Jamaican food before and are curious about it, this is a good place to go.
4	I've only tried a couple Caribbean places so I was anxious to try this one. The fact that its 30 seconds from my hotel was a real bonus. Cafeteria style service but the lady behind the counter was super friendly offering suggestions and offering to mix the mold and hot jerk sauce to give me medium. I had the small jerk chicken dinner with the soup. The server said try the soup its good and boy was it. A few tender peices of beef and just the right spice. The portion of rice with beans was very generous and the jerk chicken was perfect. Cooked just right and nice mix of spice with a bit of a hot burn at the end. I was definitely full but not overstuffed. They have a larg selection of drinks especially Caribbean ones and juices. I'd like to try the mango or other juice next time as its a good match with the spice. I went with a Ting grapefruit soda a favorite from my visit to Jamaica and it suited the meal well. Too bad I did not have room for a Jamaican patty or a  desert both looked good. . All total $14 for a great meal and a drink is very good value. The atmosphere is clean but not really much. It would have been nice to have at least some Caribbean music in the background. I will go back again.
4	Really good chicken curry. They also sell delicious flakey Jamaican patties and a variety of ethnic drinks- I recommend the pink Ting, which tastes like Fresca but obviously better.
5	My favourite Jamaican food, period. Great selection, always tastes amazing. So busy considering the service is, ummm, really slow. Be prepared for that, worth the wait. Delicious veggie patties, love the callaloo dish!
4	I love this place. Although it's not a place to sit and dine, more like a cafeteria. The important thing is that the Caribbean food is great. Roti is my favourite. We ordered doubles last time we were in and my only complaint was the microwaved them and over did it.
