5	My daughter has been to several area dance studios. This is a great studio! The dance teachers are the best - she is in lyrical, jazz, tumbling and hip hop. They are very well trained and create a positive environment while still pushing the kids to do their best.The recital in Dec was beautiful and so professionally done. It was fun to watch and I was very impressed at how many talented dancers there were. The owners work very hard and are passionate about what they do! That is the most important thing to us. It creates a very good environment for the students. I would highly recommend this studio to anyone. It is great now and will only get better as their business grows.Thank you Steppin' Out for providing a great dance studion in the West Valley!
1	So unimpressed with the dress rehearsal that we PAID $5/ ticket and didn't even bother going.  After a 12 week class 1/2 the kids didn't even know what they were doing, and what they were doing was very little dancing and more waving hands in the air and spinning in circles.  Tried to get our $ back on the tickets and they wouldn't, but it still wasn't worth going.  Videotaped and sent to grandparents and even they were like "really, that was it?!"
5	We love this place!! My daughter started taking Ballet/Jazz classes this year at 4 yrs old. I was nervous because this was her first time taking instruction from a teacher, but she is doing so well. I know that I have her teacher Ms. Marlo to thank for that. She is soooo good with children. All of the teachers I've seen have always had a smile on their face, and you can tell their students love them. Yes, some of the little ones are more "into" it than others and some are spinning in circles like one of the other reviewers mentioned, but my #1 priority was for my daughter to have a fun and stress-free time learning how to dance, and that she does! Other places I shopped around at seemed too serious and up-tight. And it is more affordable than a lot of places. Another plus is that fellow parents are very nice and nothing like the crazies on Dance Moms : )
5	We really love this studio.  My daughter and son both started taking classes here last fall, and we love everything about it so far.  The recitals are well done, my kids adore their instructors, and they have learned a lot.  There is not a crazy "dance mom" culture, but just a great group of involved parents, and there are some very talented dancers here.  I especially appreciate the fact that they have a GREAT boy culture here, and my son adores this about Steppin Out and feels supported and accepted in all of his classes (so far hip hop, tap, and ballet).  In particular, Mr. Gabe's boy's hip hop/break dance class is an outstanding class with nothing like it anywhere in the West Valley.  We searched high and low for a hip hop class that was geared more toward street style and break dance, and feel so lucky to have found this class!
