4	We go to Mariners once a year because we always get a gift certificate for this establishment.  There are some very good aspects and some not so nice aspects to this restaurant.  MAKE A RESERVATIONThey say you don't need a reservation, but if you don't want to be treated like you're second class you had better make a friggin' reservation.  We went there once without a reservation because the dummy on the phone told us we didn't need one.  So imagine our surprise when we showed up and the host looked utterly taken aback when we said we didn't have a reservation.  After fumbling through some papers on his little wooden podium, he advised us that it would be a 45 minute wait for a table, (even though there were no other people waiting and we could see several empty tables) and in the mean time we could wonder around the restaurant and look at their decor.  What?!?!  It was like six different kinds of retarded.      The food itself was pretty good.  I had stuffed lobster tails, and my dining partner had steak.  But it was the clam chowder served before the main course that launched me into orbit.  Who would have thought here in the middle of the country, far away from the ocean, one could find the most excellent clam chowder ever to be made?!?!  It's true people.  The clam chowder is worth standing around for 45 minutes looking at retarded nautical decor.  They do have a bar, but who cares.They have a decent menu but who cares.GET THE CLAM CHOWDER or all is lost.
1	went here with another couple for restaurant week.  the place was fairly busy.  we waited for 45 mins and were seated.  we had a reservation, but that didn't seem to affect the folks seating tables.  we got to our table outside wand waited another half hour just to see our waitress.  we noticed everyone around us was complaining about the slow service.  we ordered drinks and about another half hour later we ordered our food.  my lobster was overcooked and stringy and my steak was mediocre at best.  all in all my visit to the mariner's inn was terrible.
2	The fish fry on Friday is ok. Everything else is very over priced for what it is. I have been 3 times in the last couple of years but haven't been back after the last time because the service was bad. My wife and I felt like we were ignored. The waitress did not tell us about any specials which was annoying because after we had ordered we heard her explaining them to the next table and they sounded like something we would have considered. After finishing our meal we were not asked if we wanted desert or anything else she just put the check on the table and said whenever your ready. As I said the fish fry is pretty decent and somewhat reasonably priced if you are going there any other night I can think of much better places to spend $70+ dollars on a meal for 2.
3	When you go to the Mariner's Inn you just have to know that it is in many ways the same restaurant that it was back in 1975 when I used to go there with my family on Thursday nights. Back then, you got your iceberg lettuce salad under bright-red "French" dressing or blue-cheese dressing, ate one of the best pan-fried steaks next to a baked potato, and had excellent pie for dessert.  The essentials have not changed, and neither has the decoration.And there is a good reason they have not changed.  The food, while not fancy, is delicious. I have rated this three stars for the pricing (it is 5 to 7 dollars too high per entree) but the taste is quite fine.
5	This is where we go anytime we want a romantic dinner. Excellent food, atmosphere, and service. The staff remember us and we are always treated like honored guests, not just customers. We visited Mariner's Inn for the first time over six years ago, and we have shared anniversaries, birthdays, and Valentine's Days here ever since. The few times we've strayed to other noted Madison restaurants (Tornado Room, Ocean Grill, Ovations), we've been sorely disappointed - we always get the best steak, seafood, and service at Mariner's.The best item on the menu (and what we order 99% of the time) is the Cold Water Lobster Tail - either paired with steak or alone. Tender, flavorful, perfectly prepared and easy to remove from the shell. Steaks are likewise expertly cooked precisely to order, either plain or with a selection of toppings such as blue cheese or crab. Of the other entrees, of note are the scallops (gigantic) and the king crab legs (excellent when available). As another reviewer noted, the clam chowder is quite good - a step up from most restaurants who offer it as a sort of default pre-entree flller. The side dishes in general are not only tasty but generously-sized. The atmosphere is reminiscent of a retired sea captain's mansion. Lots of lovely dark polished wood, nautical designs and art, crackling fireplaces, and a spreading view of the lake just outside. The tables are big enough to avoid juggling plates, but small enough to be cozy and romantic. Tables are spaced well, so you don't feel like you're sitting in the lap of the party at the next table.The staff at Mariner's is a mix of old hands/family and fresh faces. I admit we've found one or two of the young staff less professional, but everyone has to start somewhere and the management is always friendly and helpful even to the point of obsequiousness. I have never had a problem they couldn't resolve instantly.As with any good restaurant, you get the service you deserve - we make reservations, dress up (better than "Wisconsin Formal"), behave with sophistication, and tip appropriately. If you plan to show up in a t-shirt, chattering on your cellphone, and expect the best seat in the house, try Quaker Steak and Lube.
3	I took my wife, daughter and son in law there for a celebration.  We wanted a place where we could have a drink and appi outside, then move indoors for a nice meal.  That all happened.  The tables outside were old and dirty so that kind of turned me off a bit.  But the host was so very gracious and the apps pretty good.  We had the seafood stuffed mushrooms and onion rings, both were very good.  Inside we had a nice view of the bay and the service was good.I had the steak and seafood, which was excellent.  The asparagas was soggy.  My wife had the macadamia grouper.  Good but over breaded.  The prime rib was just ok.The key lime pie was bad.   All around the food was OK but over priced, when all things are considered. The place  is outdated, and borderline dirty.  They are going for the long time family place look and I get that but they still need to freshen the place up. Our table was varnished in the 60's and hasn't been redone since.  I felt sticky so I pulled my fingernail across it thinking it  was food but it was the varnish and finish coming off.It was OK, but for the price there are so many better places in Madison.  I doubt we would go back for dinner.  Maybe an appi on the deck on a nice day.  I would say they are trying to be a 4/5 star place based on the price, but fall short.  3 stars at best.
3	Legendary hashbrowns... Good, but not legendary.World famous clam chowder... Very good. Loved how it was really thick and creamy, but world famous... Not sure about that...I don't know... This place is nice, but with the limited menu for graduation and prom weekend, not sure if the 'best stuff' they put on their limited menu was that great. Don't get me wrong... food was good, but just not worth the price.Service was fine, but nothing stands out about this place.
5	Great Sunday brunch! Made reservations online for Mother's Day, which was super easy ..great seafood, service  and atmosphere!
2	Ok, I think everyone as some sort of love for mariner's.. for me, it was the place for my first date with my husband! We went last night, and I was SOOO disappointed. I can't remember the last time I had such AWFUL service.... the waitress had an attitude... was slow and absent for MOST of our meal, where her coworkers must have seen this as they were tending to us. The food was as usual.. great... but this kind of service will def make me think twice about coming back for a $70 meal.- as well as my last trip here was similar.So sad because I always loved it here...
2	We went to Mariner's Inn for dinner on a Sunday.  The decor was old fashioned but mostly okay, except for the many bugs/mosquitos/ants on the window.  Fortunately they are on the outside of the glass, but owner could have done a better job with pest control just outside of the building.Service was below average.  Our waitress had an attitude.  Could it be that we didn't order an all-out banquet?  I don't know.  But we found it in bad forms that she brought us the check during our meal without us asking for it.Now onto the food.   Clam chowder was tasty, although a tad too salty if eaten alone.  The white and pumpernickel rolls were great.   I don't like it that they offer margarine along with butter, but no big deal.  We had fried shrimp and fried fish.  Both were very good.   However, the sides were pathetic.  The green bean was way overcooked and the vibrant green color had been lost.  The fries were just okay,not impressive.Overall, this is an overpriced place with okay food and below average service.  I do not recommend it.
3	This review is for Sunday brunch, so not necessarily best opportunity to get to know a restaurant but I can confirm I probably won't return. Someone's heavy hand with the liquor (sherry perhaps?)  in the bisque absolutely ruined the dish & the meal to be honest. Lots of food on the buffet but most of it mediocre or just plain awful. No standouts. Whoever configured the omelet station to have people lining up in front of the door entrance is clueless. The desserts felt like warehouse bought & cut up quantity over quality fare. I would have given only 2 stars but the service was very friendly- younger guys prob students- and polite.
5	I do not understand the low reviews. Everything was fantastic from the moment we arrived. We were seated immediately with no reservations. The host seated us in a room where my small child was able to explore. The Clam Chowder was super tasty.The steak size portion is beyond decent. The Macadamia Encrusted Grouper is PHENOMENAL. The mango salsa that goes with it is fantastic. The service was great too. Our waiter was well versed in local beers and helped us select a great one. The location is beautiful too.A must go to!
2	Went there for restaurant week. Clam chowder and key lime pie were great. Lobster was rubbery and didn't taste fresh. Sirloin was well done despite ordering it medium-well. I am saying it was dry as a day old biscuit. Glad we were there for a deal. I would have been livid if I'd paid full price for that meal. Now I can just say, I'll never go again. Our waitress was rushed despite the dining room being empty. When we arrived at 7 we had to wait ten minutes for the hostess to arrive. We were not greeted when we entered nor when we left. Parking lot was icy and dangerous. Coat room was storage for wayward things and in shambles. On the plus side the ambiance was nice and the location is beautiful.On an extra picky note Lake Louie warped speed scotch ale was $5.25 a glass which is pretty steep for Madison standards. Compare this to the six pack price which even at gas stations is $9.99. Not going back again.
5	This review is for restaurant week.  The service could use some improvement but we will give them the benefit of the doubt since they were extremely busy and the decor could use an update but overall we had a pleasant experience.  The clam chowder was to die for, my hubby said it was the best he had ever had.  The salad was really good, mixed greens, dried cranberries, spicy roasted pecans and a lite maple dressing.  The shrimp cocktail left something to be desired. It was three shrimp thrown on a plate with cocktail sauce that needed more horseradish.  All of our meals were really good and the steaks cooked to perfection.  It was kind of weird there was no potato served with the meal and nothing offered to add to it.  I heard the server at the table next to us offer it to his table ($1.50 for a baked potato, $3.99 for hash browns or asparagus). Maybe our server just for got since she was so busy.  To top it all of the desserts were amazing.  My hubby had the key lime pie (his favorite) the rest of us indulged in the decedent chocolate cake, Oh my goodness amazing!
5	I Just Love this place on Lake Mendota and have been coming here for over 30 years, especially for Romantic Special Occasions with my Late Husband that introduced me to it. You can't go wrong with anything that you order here! I just love their hash browns too. This is a Big Favorite with all my friends & relatives too & the Owners are just Wonderful. Service is superb here. Perfect setting & did I mention that we rented a boat skip here for years?! Move noticed quite the crowd will even travel here via there boats during the sumner & they are very accommating with their boat slips for their customers.   I do miss Betty a lot & it's really special they have their Betty Lou Boats named after her. I haven't gone on these yet as we usually have our own boat but we see what they load up on these for the patrons & it looks scrumptious with always a long line up of people to get on these. What else can I say; as every experience here has been memorable! Just Love the place & will continue to go here for the rest of my life! Everyone should go out there & try it out. Scrumptious food & wonderful service, so you can't go wrong here!
2	My wife and I decided to go to Mariners Inn for our 31st wedding anniversary. We had heard good things about it so we thought we would give it a try. The atmosphere was nice, but felt a bit "old school" supper club. The service was mediocre, our waitress was friendly but unattentive.  Steak and Seafood are the predominant menu selections.  As a vegetarian, I was happy to see at least one menu selection available. Local RP's Pasta in a Alfredo sauce with fresh vegetables... Sounds great... Was very disappointing.   Flavorless sauce with whole cherry tomatoes a few peppers and a diced stalk of asparagus.   Didn't really come together as a dish... My wife had the petite tenderloin with scallops, crab and a bernise sauce served with asparagus spears.  She also had the augruatine potatoes.  She thought the tenderloin was delicious, as were the augruatine potatoes. The scallops were served skewered on a sprig of rosemary that gave the scallops an unpleasant after taste, and the crab meat, was OK, but almost nonexistent on the dish. Our overall experience was like that of my dinner... Rather bland and disappointing.
5	Ask for the lobster cream sauce. You will return just for it. The fried shrimp is crazy good, too.
4	The food here is really hit or miss, but when you get a hit it's the most delicious thing ever. The best thing here? The clam chowder for sure. I've come here just for a bowl of it. The restaurant is ok. I don't really like sitting inside and the chairs outside are terribly uncomfortable. Aside from the chairs, sitting outside, listening to live performances (the ones I've heard were really good), and enjoying the scenery while it rained was quite a pleasant experience. I don't like the servers I have here. They usually don't seem to know what they're doing. I really prefer their menu during restaurant week. I'll try to stop by here next time I see them up for the event. Otherwise I'm going to stick with the occasional visit for the chowder.
5	I have never been disappointed!  Tonight was amazing. The food was excellent. Steaks cooked perfectly. Their menue has changed with the times with many healthy choices and lower prices. I love the warm, relaxing atmosphere. We were seated by the fireplace  it is my favorite place to go to celebrate special occasions. It gets five stars from me.
