5	Hands down the BEST dress shop in town! You will feel special from the minute you walk in the door, and they will do just about anything to make feel comfortable and find your dream dress :)
5	Couture Bride is the best bridal salon in Las Vegas--between the selection (this shop is more affordable than you might think!) and the friendliness of the staff, you won't find a better place to get the dress of your dreams.  With a wide variety of labels, styles and prices, you'll have a field day trying on dresses in this intimate shop.  Dawn (the owner) will treat you like family and help you find the perfect dress for your big day.
5	I came here with my sister to look for her dream dress and the customer service is fantastic!  We met with Dawn and she asked my sister what her budget is and styles she's looking for and immediately showed her some dresses to try on.  My other sister and I thought we would have to help my sister into the gowns but they did a whole presentation which was very different from other bridal shops.  I liked that idea very much! Dawn is such a delightful person...when she was helping my sister get into her gowns she was getting to know my sister as well.  She definitely treats you like family.  I was surprised that the gowns were more affordable than I thought they would be.  Before coming here, I was skeptical about the prices which is why I didn't even bother coming here when I shopped for my gown.  I wish I did, though.
4	I went here looking for a Veil. She didn't have any elbow length Veils but she was supper nice, Even though she had another bride trying on dresses she was still really nice and took the time to help me. She even referred me to another bridal shop in town. I heard that all her dresses start at 1400.00  I wish she had what I needed but this place was really nice inside!
5	I shopped at several other boutiques in town and a few back home in Texas before finding this place. After encountering several pushy rude sales people during my search for the perfect dress, Dawn at Couture Bride was a breath of fresh air! She was so helpful and patient without being the least bit pushy. She never tried to up sell me or pressure me to buy things out of my price range. The dresses she carries are all of very high quality and lacked the cheap cheesy fabrics and details I found on dresses everywhere else. I adored the dresses here, the beautiful shop, and working with Dawn couldn't have been better.
5	Couture Bride is hands down the best bridal store in Las Vegas!  Not only do they have a beautiful selection,  but the woman who own/run the store are truly amazing.  Dawn, Anette,  and Erin made my dress buying experience so much fun.  They are so helpful, and you can tell they genuinely care about their clients.  I'm actually gonna miss them.  I would recommend this store to anybody!
5	My mom and I planned on traveling to LA to go dress shopping since I didn't think Vegas had much of a high end dress selection (I didn't want to step foot in a David's bridal!). I happened to pass this store on my way home and just popped in with my mom. I was so amazed at the quality of their gowns and the reasonable prices!  The second dress I tried on was my dream dress - a perla d that I had seen online. I made an appointment to come back in during the Kleinfeld trunk show and had a consultation with Jessica (the cute brunette from the say yes to the dress show!). I'm so glad she was there because she told me about a matching cathedral length veil that was made for the dress!  The alterations were also so reasonable. I would definitely recommend Couture Bridal!  They treat you like family and make sure you look amazing on your special day!
5	Today I put in a deposit for my Alita Graham wedding gown! I tried it on a few months ago, but wanted to step away from it for awhile before deciding. Annette and Dawn are very friendly and down to earth. They are matter of fact and will not pressure anything on you. I went back last week to try on dress again and the sample had sold. Turns out it was a blessing in disguise bc they ordered another sample of it in the color I wanted. (ivory, not white) So I got to see what the ivory looked like on me today. You need to put 60% down to order. ETA is february 2013! I can't believe it takes that long. Glad I got in when I did...I will do follow up reviews for alterations, etc...They also give you a diamond ring keychain when you buy a dress here! Cute touch.
5	Couture Bride was my first wedding dress shopping experience, and ended up being my last. I came in with a somewhat open mind... I knew what I wanted (high neck and not too puffy), but I was willing to look at anything they thought might fit me. Dawn is a gem... I told her what I was looking for, and she immediately mentioned she had a dress that fit my description, but let me know it was a little out of my price range, letting me decide if I wanted to see it or not. I decided to go for it, and was not dissapointed. It was the first dress I tried on, and although I tried on other dresses, they just didnt compare. It was just what I was looking for. I went ahead and ordered the dress without going out to other places to try other dresses. My dress has come in since then, and I went in for my first fitting the other day, and my dress is still every bit as beautiful as I remember it (even more so, actually, cuz it fits better). Dawn and the alterations seamstress (for some reason, I cant recall her name right now.... Shoot!) were so attentive and friendly! They made me feel very comfortable, gave me good suggestions, and helped nurse me back to health when I almost fainted (I was wearing my longline bra a little too tightly... Lesson learned: breathing is important). Just fyi for the ladies who do end up getting their dresses here: the seamstress is a professional, and she will begin hemming your dress right in front of you if she needs to (like if your dress is lace). In other words, she may cut your dress right in front of you. But do not be afraid, she knows what she is doing! My dress looked ten times better after she did that. I will definitely update once my transaction with them is complete, but I have a feeling that my rating wont change much. :)
1	I never had this issue before!!! I made an appointment for 11:30yesterday. It is closed when I got there today. I called, no body answered the phone! I waited for twenty minutes, still no one came. It is funny because they never call to apologize. I recomand at least notify customers if you have personal issues. It is so ridiculous! So I made an appointment for such a disappointed no experience!
5	I bought my dress from Couture Bride and I felt bad because several months after purchasing my dress, I had second thoughts about the purchase. I kept thinking I wanted something different from what I bought, but Couture Bride remained patient with me and tried very hard to make me happy. I am really glad I stuck with the dress I bought because I loved how the dress fit and looked in the photos. I want to thank the staff at Couture Bride for providing optimal customer service. I would definitely recommend going to Couture Bride for your wedding gown.
3	I came here to try on wedding dresses by myself a few weeks ago. My mom and maid of honor live in the midwest and it's rare that they are able to make the trip to Vegas. I made an appointment and arrived early... very early. Like 30+ minutes early. The staff was super friendly and helped me browse dresses prior to my appointment. I was looking for something modest and made of lace with an interesting back and, by the time it was my turn, i had picked out about five gowns. The selection of gowns is definitely geared more toward brides looking for a princess style dress. Dawn was very helpful in helping me get in and out of the gowns and I really felt like she listened to my feedback. I did find one gown that I really liked, however I was informed that I was not allowed to take photos of the dress. I was very disappointed in this. I have been to several other stores and none of them have had an issue with letting me photograph myself in the dress. Let's face it-- after the big day, you only have photos and video of the event and I wanted to make sure I photographed well in the dress. Also, I wanted to be able to send the photo to my mom/maid of honor for their opinion. I haven't purchased my dress yet and I am still undecided as to whether or not I will go with the dress from Couture Bride.
4	Couture Bride truly helped me find the wedding dress of my dreams.  I got engaged in September and was married the following March and I knew I needed to find a dress immediately since bridal gowns take a while to be made, altered, etc.I called Couture Bride and explained my situation and they were able to get me in no problem.  When we arrived at the store, I knew just by the look I would be getting the experience that I wanted.  I am from NY and would have loved to go back home to get my dress at one of the larger bridal stores, but again, because of time, I went to Couture Bride and found the dress of my dreams.Upon arrival, we discussed budget and I was pleasantly surprised to find that all of their dresses are reasonably priced and nothing was out of reach.  We then went on to style.  I knew I wanted a mermaid-style dress, but I also knew I didn't want strapless, which was a challenge.  Dawn and Annette assured me that my wishes could be fulfilled and when I tried on the second dress- I knew it was the one!I ordered my dress and it came in 4 months later.  Due to the customizations that I made on my dress, I needed to have 4 separate fittings.  I did have some small issues during alterations, but Dawn and Annette were always there to talk me through and to address my concerns.The only reason I am giving 4 out of 5 stars is the alteration process and price.  When I purchased the dress, I knew that alternations were obviously not included, but I was shocked at how expensive they are!  Luckily, I was way under budget on my dress, but I feel that this should be discussed with brides before they order their dresses.  In addition, I had two seamstresses- one was a disaster and one was a miracle worker.  All in all, Couture Bride gave me the experience that I had always dreamed of and helped me not only find, but create the dress that I had envisioned in my mind.  I would definitely recommend them and feel that they are truly the only ones in Las Vegas that provide the true couture bridal experience.
5	Couture Brides is hands down the best wedding dress store in Las Vegas! They have an amazing selection of dresses at a variety of price points. I worked with Dawn to find my dream dress and she was very respectful of my budget. The alterations were impeccable and the service was incredible. I felt so beautiful on my wedding day and it was all because of Couture Brides. I would recommend them to any friend!
5	Absolutely wonderful! Fabulous dresses that you can't find anywhere else in Las Vegas. Dawn is the greatest and offers exceptional advice and also charitable for military wives. Classy place. I bought my Vera wang bridesmaid dresses here and would recommend to anyone.
5	This is the ONLY place to get your wedding dress. Dawn and Annette are so great to work with and they provide a beautiful experience. They truly listen to what you want and stay within your budget. If you ever dreamed about your perfect wedding dress, you will find it here! Love this store!
5	Came with my daughter-law to-be and family looking for her perfect dress.  What a beautiful salon!  The dress selection was amazing!  She was able to try on all different styles, textures and fabrics.  The attention and service made us all feel special and the bride to be like a princess.  I could not imagine a more fabulous and fun dress shopping experience!  Thank you Dawn and Couture Bride for making our special occasion so wonderful.
5	This is such a FABULOUS bridal boutique! Of course it's a bit higher end hence the name couture, however you will look like a princess here with TOP quality designer only gowns, with excellent customer service!  Dawn is the sweetest person and is so knowledgeable about fashion and has been a designer under Vera Wang! She knows her dresses and is a kind customer service oriented person. They keep their word on everything and run an excellent business through and through! If I ever need anything in the future related to weddings it'll be from here thank you so much ladies!
5	I went to many bridal stores before I was referred here and I am so grateful as they have by far the best selection for that special day!! This is truly the place to go for your bridal gown as well as accessories! Both Dawn & Annette were super knowledgable and put me at ease.  The customer service you get and attention to detail is far beyond anything else and I feel so lucky to have this beautiful boutique in LV!! Thank you Couture Bride!!!!
5	A+ Business all the way!I am getting married in 8 days and bought a dress by augusta Jones. Dawn Is the sweetest most kind hearted lady ever. She works so hard to listen to what you want and what is your dream dress and works with you to find the perfect one! When you try the dresses on she helps you put the gowns on and gets it to fit so perfectly. She used to work in New York with Top Fashion designers and is very knowledgable about cut length and what is flattering.I am so thankful I found Couture Bride! My wedding experience is so much more wonderful and I will have happy memories forever of the moment I found the perfect dress and fell in Love with the most expensive Beautiful thing I will ever wear!****KEEP IN MIND it may be a tad pricier for great designers...but I can gurantee you will not be let down with the highest thread count and beautiful fabric and lines and its so much more worth it to invest your money here than in flowers that only last a day or silly little items...Find a way to wear it again and again and again...i plan on taking multiple photoshoots everywhere to get the most out of it and when its our year anniversary maybe wear it again. And I own a wedding hair and makeup company Nicolle Aileen Salon) and I can tell you first hand i know a lot of people in this industry and this is the pace to go!Also....they have an amazing taylor! Worth every penny!THANK YOU DAWN and COUTURE BRIDE!!!!!!
5	Dawn is awesome and this store is really fabulous; I can see why it has the highest reviews in all of Las Vegas.  I live in LA but came here to look at some wedding gowns with my family.  Dawn is very friendly, open, objective and very professional.  This was by far the best wedding gown shopping experience I have had.  Dawn took the time to sit and talk with us first about the wedding, my preferences, and what I had in mind.  While selecting some gowns, she asked me about the different styles and never pushed anything on me, like some salespeople do.  Also, she really took to heart my budget and what I said I wanted or didn't want.  In fact, there was a dress that my mom selected that was over our budget and she warned me that it was over but it was beautiful so I said let's just try it anyways.  Of course, that was the one I loved the most.  I went back and forth, changing between that and one other dress probably three  times but Dawn was so nice and accommodating and never got annoyed with us.  At the end of the visit, that was the dress I loved the most but I still was not quite comfortable with the price.  When we were wrapping up, Dawn took the time to get all my information, including my measurements, and write down the details of the two dresses just in case I decide to order it.  She was not at all rushed or annoyed that after all that we were still leaving empty-handed.   I still keep thinking about that dress.... if I end up calling Dawn again, I will write an update ;)
5	I love this store... I looked at a few other bridal shops around town and decided to go with Couture Bride.  I worked with Dawn, she was beyond sweet, helpful and listened to everything I wanted.  They do carry some of the more exclusive dresses (and they tend to have a higher price point), but are very respectful of budgets.  I don't recall the price of my alterations, but it was well under what I was expecting.  All in all a great shop!
1	This store has all of 50 gowns plus 10 gown sale rack. They expect you to wait on line outside if they have 1 customer inside. Really?
