4	This review is for the brand new Fox Chapel location conveniently located across the river from my home.  I was happy to find this location.  Interestingly enough I would check the website occassionally and they would say and still do "Fox Chapel location coming soon",,, well let me be the one to break the news its been there for months and is a great new addition.  I am a self confessed sushi addict and am constantly looking for good places to feed my addiction.  So, I've been here three times over the past two weekends.  I feel I've been there enough times to give a worthwhile review.  The location is "old freeport rd", which is the back road located between freeport rd. and the apartments/club by the river.  There is a very large parking lot and unfortunately is relatively empty.  The building is beautiful, you enter the main area and above the entrance are hand blown glass chandelier type thing.  It's kind of like the one in the bellagio, vegas entrance but on a much smaller level.  Directly in front is a big marble bar and sushi bar to the side.  If you keep walking too the right there is comfy seating in an open air space because the windows have been open every time I've visited.  The bathrooms are very nice with marble and one door leading to the rr and then seperate entryways for the different sections.  The dining room is pretty large and they may even have a private dining room.  I've never sat in the dining room, so I can't comment that much on dining room service or comfort.  However, the bar has been my home on my last three visits and haven't been disappointed either time.  The first time the gals behind the bar were Sue (she's also the marketing person for penn ave. fish) and another gal forget her name.  There was one other regular at the bar.  The sushi chef didn't speak much english so I didn't get his name, but he was a true professional.  I started with my standard white tuna and salmon sashimi, cut perfectly,,,wonderfully fresh and presented beautifully.  I also tried the seafood salad which is a delicious healthy serving of various seafood prepared in a very spicy sauce with delicious scallops as well.  They also have a great sake menu, with plenty of text on the medicinal qualities of good sake and how it doesn't give you a hangover (kind of have to disagree with that fact).  I tried their best sake which was $18/glass, but also sampled another at $10/glass that was just as good ask the bartender Jess or the other gals, they'll let you know which to choose.  They also do samplers with the sake.  I'd suggest staying away from the samplers because they tend to mix sweet, with dry, and clear with cloudy,,, chances are you're not gonnal like all of them.  On another visit Jason was the sushi chef who Jimmy Wan recruited from NYC.  He's a true pro and made me this incredible spicy scallop warm salad served in 1/2 of a baby avocado.  It was unreal.  He also made these cucumber thin slices stuffed with some type of crab that were really good.  He suggested I take my raw white tuna and fry it for a second, totally different texture and taste (however, sashimi white tuna is stil my fav).  A couple last points one of the reasons Jimmy Wan has such good chefs is that he was the president of the chinese restaurant association nationally and was able to recruit from all around.  And, don't get this place confused with Tai Pei fox chapel which also is referred to as Tai Pei and is located on freeport not old freeport rd.  Jimmy and the owners of the other place are rivals and I was told he moved back so close to put them out of busines.. The food is just as good here as cranberry in a much better space.
5	My wife and I specifically went to Jimmy Wan's to try the Shanghai Soup dumplings.  We had been to China earlier this year and had some unbelievable eats; so we came here hoping to find something close to the what we had in China.Let me just say that we were pleasantly surprised and since our first visit we've been there three more times.  The dumplings are about 50% larger than what we had, but the taste is very close to the original. You'll find that you may need more than 2 bites to get them down.  The Jimmy Wan's House dumpling is also quite good.  If Dim Sum is what you're after, they offer 25% off on the weekends before 3PM.If you like Sake and Sushi, you won't be disappointed with the lengthy Sake list and fresh sushi.
5	Best Chinese in Pittsburgh... As well as a lot of other cities throughout the US. Big fan for sure.
3	My girlfriend and I went here because we were looking for a place near Pittsburgh that served Dim Sum. We got there at open on a Saturday and were the first to be seated. The service was excellent, and the waitress spoke Chinese to us (my Chinese is terrible but my GF's is good). I'm use to eating Dim Sum in Philly at Ocean Harbor and Joy Tsin Lau, and I'm use to eating  (Shanghai soup dumplings) from Joe's Shanghai in NY. The selection for Dim Sum is very limited, with only maybe about 6 items on the menu, 4 variations of dumplings, 2 variations of flat noodles. So we ordered some Shanghai soup dumplings and some Dim Sum dishes.Food taste: 3 / 5 The food tasted okay, not that great compared to the other places mentioned above. The soup dumpling was a bit bland, and the sauce for that was odd. The turnip cake was pretty good. The flat noodles with beef, and with shrimp were not very good, seems like a college student could make better dish. However, it seems like this is apparently one of the better Chinese restaurants in Pittsburgh, so I wasn't that disappointed, just glad that I could eat Dim Sum. A bonus was 25% off dimsum on weekends before 3pm. Overall the atmosphere and service was excellent, but the food wasn't very authentic, selection was limited (for Dim Sum), and the taste was sub-par compared to restaurants in Philly and NY. If you're use to eating at places like that with a high level of authenticity, then you'll be disappointed.
1	Was passing through Pittsburgh and decided to google dim sum restaurants Jimmy Wan's came up so I decided to try it.  I am origianlly from NJ have been to most of the dim sum places in NY Chinatown, and now live in Chicago.   I probably do dim sum at least twice a month.  First impressions,  it was Saturday about 12:30 in the afternoon,  two people at the bar.  four people in the dining area.  That should have been my clue to turn around and leave.  Most Dim Sum restaurants that are good have a wait list on a Saturday afternoon.   Ok checked out the menu and they only have about 8 dim sum items.  The two typlical items on a dim Sum menu  Hau  Gau (shrimp dumplings) and shu mai.  pork dumplings.   one of order of each  14.00 yes not kidding.  Were dim sum smaill 2. 50 to 3.00  Jimmy Wan charges 7 dollars.   Me, a dim sum nut decides to order anyway, take out for the road.took 20 minutes to get my order.Shrimp Dumplings.  Skin was like rubber.  I make these and they use too much tapioca flour.  Also it was over cooked.  and there where shrimp shells.The pork dumplings.  (shu Mai)  if it could be tough it was.  No flavor.  The colored roe they put on the top bled out on to the dumpling.If I was very upset very disappointed you would think paying 7 dollars an order the quality would be outstanding.would not recommend this for dim sum at all.
4	One of the best Chinese/ Japanese food places in the Pittsburgh area!The decor and ambiance were excellent and we got decent service too.The dishes are good sized - made for sharing. We had a lot of food (there were 8 of us) and so I got to taste a variety of dishes. Here is a review of all the dishes I tried (out of 5 stars):Appetizer:Hot and Sour Soup - 4 starsjimmy wan's dumplings - 4 starsrainforest sushi - 3 starsfresh wonton  soup - 2 starsavocado salad - 4.5 stars!Main course:chicken with garlic sauce - 4 starsegg fried rice - 4 starsblack pepper shrimp and scallops - 3.5 starssauteed eggplant - 4.5 stars!general tso's tofu - 4 starsOverall - good dining experience and definitely worth trying!
1	My wife and I recently had lunch at Jimmy Wan's.  The restaurant space is very nice and trendy-appearing.  They have a lunch special that comes with an egg/spring roll or soup (which has an extra charge).  I had the shrimp and scallops and my wife had the sushi roll lunch special.Although the service was fine, the food was virtually flavorless.  It was extremely unimaginative and pedestrian, even for "American" Chinese fare.  I have had more flavorful food at the food court in the mall.This place isn't cheap.  Lunch for 2 with only tea to drink ran us up to $40 with tax and tip.  It is a terrible value.  I don't know why anyone would ever come back to this place after eating here once.
3	We were in Pittsburgh on a family reunion two weeks ago.  My wife and I wanted to try some of the local restaurants and stumble upon Jimmy Wans.  The restaurant looked interesting with a great decor.  The staff was very responsive and the service was good.Unfortunately, the food missed the mark.  For the starter, I had the wanton soup and my wife had the spring roll.  Tasteless, similar to Glenn C. opinion.  We had already ordered the entrees - kung pao chicken and  szechuan beef  -- They were large portions but again tasteless.  The Staff tried to help, but they were not the problem.  We talked to other at the reunion later, and were total the Fox Chapel restaurant was new in the chain and that it had some growing pains.  Maybe it will get better after they "season"  the chef.    After eating int the Strip District, this just didn't cut it.
5	I'm actually extremely surprised at the number of 2 or 3 star reviews. I've been going to Jimmy Wan's since August and I go at least once every 3 weeks. The key to any good restaurant review is going more than once so you fully get the idea of the whole place. The funny thing about these reviews is that this place is packed 7 nights a week. You have to wait for a table most Friday and Saturday nights; the dining room Sunday-Thursday is usually between 50-80% full. This is highly unusual for a suburban restaurant. But consistently good food and quality service is why people keep coming back.The restaurant is white table cloth but the prices are reasonable. I've had a variety of appetizers and dishes; from spring rolls to dumplings to cold sesame noodles, crab rangoons, and scallion pancakes are all fantastic. The cold sesame noodles were noted in Post-Gazette food critic China Millman's review.The peking duck is genuine peking duck (90% of the time you're not getting "real" peking duck) and is authentically delicious. I've sampled a variety of my family's different dishes in addition to my own. Here is what Jimmy Wan's does best: chicken with cashews, chicken with broccoli and hawaiian chicken. The chicken with garlic sauce is in a total league of its own; the vegetables are ample and extremely crispy, the chicken is just cooked through, the portion is huge. Now that I've been going for several months, 9/10 times it is what I order. The fish entrees are very good and an excellent healthy/diet option too. I've sampled the sea bass, tuna, salmon teriyaki, and salt and pepper prawns. All are very good and worth the money - but the stand out here are the black pepper shrimp and scallops.The kung pao filet mignon is good, not great. I have never had any pork entree here and I have never had the sushi here. The only dish I don't recommend here is the spicy cantonese noodles; I felt the dish was lacking in vegetables.Overall I would recommend 3 dishes restaurant stand-outs: the peking duck, black pepper shrimp and scallops and the chicken with garlic sauce. Sit at the bar for a very relaxed, comfortable but not sloppy ambiance. Enjoy an appetizer and a drink there and then move to a table. Service here has never, not once been less than 5 stars. Perhaps what is most impressive is not the food but rather the service. In 8 months of routinely going here I've never had bad or even average service.
4	Traveling to Pittsburgh for business and this was right by my hotel.  Menu and ambiance reminds me of PF Changs but I thought the food was better.  Had the lettuce wraps and general's chicken.  Both were outstanding.  I will definitely be back if my travels take me that way!
4	One of the best asian restaurants in Pittsburgh!  The portions are generous, the service is fast and friendly, the decor is stylish and classy and the food is fresh and delicious.  The prices are a bit high, but you definitely get premium gourmet food for the premium price.  I haven't had a single thing on the menu that didn't impress me!
4	My favorite asian restaurant in Pittsburgh! I frequent Jimmy Wan's in Fox Chapel once a week or so. Everything from the sushi to the dim sum to the main courses are delicious. The lotus leaf-wrapped rice is among my favorites for dim sum. I also order an off-menu dish called Singapore Rice Noodles (Mai Fun) which is a yellow curry noodle with sweet pork, chicken, shrimp and a ton of veggies. A must-have! The atmosphere is very classy and trendy. It definitely elevates the dining experience beyond the ordinary. The only reason this place lost a star for me is that it is a little too pricey, but I'm always willing to pay anyway!
4	There is nothing bad to say about their food.  The sushi is delicious (I strongly recomend the crunchy spicy tuna) and the main courses are even better.  The portions are about normal size for a chineese restraunt (enough to eat and have leftovers the next day).  The only thing I have negative to say about Jimmy Wans is it is very pricy for chineese food.
4	A big step up from the local competitors and distinctive decor that is as classy as the clientele. Best Asian food and venue in the area? I think so. Superb service for families and groups plus cool servers at the always busy bar.
4	Solid slightly-upscale asian fare. I went for sushi and was pleasantly surprised by how legit it was.We sat in the bar area which had a nice atmosphere, and the service was great. It's in a random spot, but worth getting to as non-greasy-gross asian food is always a plus.Looks kind of like a PF Changs knockoff from the exterior, but was pretty classy once inside.
4	Quite the variety of menu items. Try one of their speciality dumplings.  Solid service.  Attractive.  Wish they had some outdoor dining.
4	A Gluten-free update: While there are gluten-free dumplings on their GF menu, be aware that they may offer you dumpling sauce with them. I got take-out for the first time since going GF and saw "GLUTEN ALLERGY" on my bill very large. So, I assumed the dumpling sauce was GF. It was not and I was sick for a week. Be aware of this and make sure to double check everything!Still my favorite Chinese restaurant and all of their GF stuff is awesome. :)
4	Likes...very good sushi, love the dim sum/dumplings and mixed seafood.  Also has a great bar and clean.Knocks...pricey, stuffy upscale feel
4	Jimmy Wan is an interesting place.  It has some of the best dumplings and noodles around.  The atmosphere is funny with white table cloth's, etc.  If you grab a spot in the corner, its not too bad. The drink menu is nice with a great beer selection, local and imported.  I would recommend this place if you are hungry for dim sum, especially since there are not many other options around.
4	Like a few of the other readers, I was surprised by some of the low star reviews for the Jimmy Wan's in Fox Chapel. (Including one from someone I really trust with regards to restaurant reviews...)All I can say is that we have never had a bad experience here. We order takeout at least 1-2 times a month, and dine in once in a while. Even though their prices are a little higher than the usual Chinese restaurant, we have always felt that the ingredients they use are better than the usual, and well worth the price. Like their ads say, Dim Sum items are really good here, and we always go for the vegetable dumplings, Jimmy Wan dumplings, and pretty much everything on the appetizer side of their menu.Best item in our experience? Singapore noodles. We love that dish, which is packed with shrimp, egg, pork, and chicken. Definitely try it! I also love their Dragon and Phoenix,  and Mushu Chicken. Their sushi is definitely not cheap, but they have some really nice and different rolls, like the Sexy Muchacha and Barbershop rolls, which are worth a try.We are glad to have this place so close, and will definitely continue to enjoy it fairly regularly! It's great for kids too!!
5	Best General Tso's Chicken in the valley. Higher priced but you get what you pay for. Love the option to get all white meat and brown rice.
5	Soy allergy update: After learning I am also allergic to soy, I was afraid my chinese-food days were over. This is not the case at Jimmy Wan's. A few of the items on the Gluten Free menu are also soy free, including the Ruby Chicken and Chicken with Broccoli in white sauce. You can also get the Rice noodle dishes made with white sauce. I was very pleased with my meal after being Chinese food-less for 5 months!
2	I have been a fan of a different sushi/chinese restaurant in Fox Chapel for many years.  But continue to give Jimmy Wans a chance.  Sadly, I've come to the point that I won't be going back to the one in Fox Chapel.  Yesterday (Sunday, Sept. 29th) I placed an order over the phone for 2 sushi rolls and a cold sesame noodle appetizer.  I stressed that onions could not be included in either roll or the noodles due to an onion allergy.  Once I got home with my order, I had onions overflow, no soy sauce and my noodles had no peanut sauce on them.  I picked out onions, but my bf was not able to eat anything due to his allergy.  Sadly, the sushi tasted old, not fresh.    This is not the first time of having problems with my orders at this restaurant.  This was the third time I gave them a chance - I give them up to 3 shots...sadly, this gal won't be going back to the Fox Chapel Jimmy Wans.However - the Jimmy Wans in Cranberry has yet to disappoint.  Maybe they can take some pointers from each other?
5	I have to honestly say they are one of the best Chinese restaurants around. The food is incredible. The black pepper shrimp and scallops is to die for. The wait staff is  pleasant and always attentive. They truly are one of my favorite restaurants,  if not my favorite. They really have one of the most diverse selections of food. Never have I ever been disappointed from my experience at Jimmy Wans.
3	Meh. First time we've had Chinese food that was just...meh. Little flavor. I had the Moo Goo Gai Pan and my wife had the sweet and sour chicken. Her was watery..thin.We both added salt.Waiter was lackluster as well.
2	Okay food. A little high priced though. Had sushi as an appetizer. That was very tasty. The mains were a little underwhelming. The presentation of my $22 shrimp dish was little more than lettuce with the prawns thrown haphazardly on top. Then it turns out that "Szechuan Style Shrimp" is actually code for the typical "Sweet and Sour Shrimp" you see in every Chinese restaurant in this country. So I feel a little mislead. The shrimp were good tasting, but for the price I think the dish should have been something other than par for the course Americanized Chinese.The service was okay. But it was funny that over the time we there we had five different servers service our table.
4	Tried jimmy wans for the first time a few months ago and have been back twice since. It's really good Chinese food. Love the general tso and beef with broccoli. Did not like the crab Rangoon but really like the fried dumplings and order them every time. I will say its pricey- about double what you'll pay elsewhere- but it is better in my opinion (which you all wanted- right?) Service is a bit over the top and I get slightly annoyed with the "yes ma'am's" over and over again but they are efficient and we had everything we wanted when we wanted it. Beer selection is just ok. Haven't tried any of the mixed drinks. In conclusion go there. Prepare for sticker shock. Ignore it. Enjoy.
3	My boyfriend and I were really in the mood for a better than the fast food version of Chinese food, so we opted for Jimmy Wan's. He'd been here before, but it was my first time. It was around 9:30 on a Saturday night--over an hour before close--and the workers seemed annoyed that we showed up. Our server was lackadaisical and rather inattentive. I ordered the seaweed salad and General Tso tofu and, despite the tofu being a little cold, both were VERY delicious. My boyfriend opted for the dumplings and the sushi-shashimi and was pleasantly surprised when he got one dumpling more than he was expecting. Huzzah! The food was great but the service was terrible, as our server didn't refill our water until he brought the check. I'm eating my leftover tofu while typing this, thinking "I'll give it another shot".
5	Absolutely the *best* Chinese food in the city! The sushi is amazing as well... we have always been treated well and had a great experience! Would recommend to anyone!
3	I have to say it did not disappoint. For appetizer we ordered the black pepper calamari it was a very generous portion and it was well seasoned. We had drinks, my sister had a special drink which was milked based she loved it. I ordered a Long Island Ice Tea, it was not good,it  lacked liquor. For our entrees I ordered shrimp, chicken Singapore Mei Fun. It was so much food I could not eat it all. It was tasty too. My sister ordered the half duck entree she said it was delicious. All in all we were happy!
4	The food was super tasty. I had an egg roll, hot and sour soup and the General Tso's chicken.  Server was attentive and nice.  I was traveling from out of town, and it definitely hit the spot for Chinese.  I dined at lunch and the restaurant was pretty crowded.  My only complaint was the table they tried to sit me at, had a large spider web.  I would return.
1	Came here for sushi, I would have to say its the worst sushi place I have ever been too. Service wasnt great at all. This place is very over priced. They charged me 44 dollars for sake, Which I thought was the most I have ever spend on 250ml of sake. I would never go back to this place. I would never recommend this place to anyone!!!!
1	This has to be the worst sushi place I have ever been too. Service was horrible i would never go back to this place. Everything was way to overpriced for the quality of the food
2	Diffident waiter, over salty and over sauced food, over cooked soggy vegetables. Careless and sloppy presentation.
2	Great ambiance, decor is hip and well designed. Food is nothing special, tastes like every other Chinese restaurant that I have been to. The first older woman who came to our table was less than friendly, actually made us feel unwelcomed. Younger male waiter was friendly, but he kept getting yelled at by the older woman, so that threw him off his game, I think!  (All because he didn't ask me for my credit card for the $30 deposit for my Moscow mule copper cup!)  Drinks took forever, food slow.  Don't go out of your way to get here!
5	This has to be hands down one of the best Chinese restaurants around yes they are a little pricey, but first class the whole way also I recommend trying their dim sum. Also for cost effectiveness I recommend going for the lunch special.
2	Went to Jimmy's for lunch and walked out with a lunch bill of $74 for TWO people.  There was NO alcohol on the bill. Ridiculous.  To top it off, we waited for 15 minutes for someone to wait on us, and that was only after I finally got up and spoke to the manager.  It wasn't even at peak lunch crowd, in fact, it was about 2pm and we were the only people in the restaurant other than a group of ladies who had been there for some time.  I ordered an appetizer of chicken pot stickers and 6 pieces of sushi.  My business partner ordered a gluten-free meal of salad and shrimp.  Why my bill was $74 I will never know. I guess I should have been more observant.  Won't make that mistake again.I want to add, this was the Jimmy Wan's on Freeport Road, not the location in Seven Fields/Cranberry TWP.  I've always had good service in that location, although it's still pricy there as well
5	Best Chinese food in Pittsburgh! Hands down the best Chinese food I've ever had. Great sushi, in addition to other food as well. Steamed shrimp dumplings are my favorite. Service is excellent - extremely polite and efficient. Highly recommended.
2	Very underwhelmed. It's overpriced Chinese food that isn't even that good. I got the Hawaiian chicken which was pretty much chicken tenders on top of their sauce. Everyone in my party admitted to their meal being bland. I can get better cheaper Chinese food without their white table cloths and high prices. I did enjoy the ambiance and the service, so that's why it got 2 stars. Regardless, we won't be going back.
4	Excellent atmosphere and fabulous foods. We had Jimmy's dumpling, Chicken noodle soup and some other stuff and all was awesome. I would recommend their lettuce wrap. Their service is also superb.
4	I had my bridal shower here & it was beyond perfect! The service was excellent & all my guest loved the food! The owner was very kind and went out of his way to come over to the party to ensure that we were well taken care of. The restaurant gained about 30 new customers after that night due to exceptional waitstaff & food! I recommend this place to everyone!
