4	It was a pretty nice place to stay. The first room I was given smelled strongly of smoke (it was a non-smoking room) and I asked for a new room. They gave me a new room and it was much better. Some of the rooms have this weird basin thing -- instead of giving you a sink in the bathroom, there's a sink outside the bathroom, with this weird tall basin that is hard to use. If you don't like the room with the weird basin, ask for a different one, because they don't all have them. There isn't a free breakfast, which is sort of weird, I think, and the room's supplies weren't as nice as some other Holiday Inns I've stayed at. The best thing about the room was that the clock-radio thing had a spot for your ipod, so you can listen to your music in the room (and it charges your ipod, too!). Amenities -- The pool on the roof is a uniform 3 1/2 feet in depth -- yeah, I know, exciting -- and not very big in terms of length and width, either. The fitness room features a few treadmills, a few bicycles, and a bowflex thingy -- not even any free weights! There is a "jogging track" on the roof, which is really just a path painted on the roof so you can run around in a circle on the hard concrete. It's really pretty up on the roof on a sunny day, but even the most hardcore runners in our group couldn't stand that running path. There wasn't anything wrong with the place. It was clean, comfortable, and centrally located, and the staff was very accommodating. I just sort of hoped for a tiny bit better, considering the price.
4	Great location for someone new to the city. Your right in the middle of it all! Within walking distance of Charlotte's great bars & restaurants. The staff was very accommodating.
1	Ehhhh...not so much.While the building, level of service, and rooms were in line with a typical Holiday Inn, the staff and management committed an egregious offense against me - a returning and Priority Club customer.Brief summary of my horror story - We check in, we get the wrong room.  They move us, give us keys to a filthy room.  We bring that up and leave for the day for them to clean it.We get back to the room, and I check my bank account and find a significant amount of money missing - $329.  After spending about an hour on the phone with my bank, we trace the charges to the Holiday Inn I am staying at via the card that I have left for incidentals.Despite prepaying for the room, we've now given the Holiday Inn about $600 for a two-night stay in a $110 / night room.Furthermore, the banks had closed so I couldn't transfer more money into my checking account until after the weekend.  It wasn't that I didn't have access to cash, but I had financial fraud to deal with on what was supposed to be a fun weekend with the guys.When I bring it up at the front desk, I am immediately given run around.  They pull up my info on their computer, and gasp as they see their error.  The staff wouldn't take ownership of their mistake, they simply blamed a computer error.  I finally get a manger who says he'll deal with the issue, and I don't receive any further communication, as I'm pretty sure he wasn't planning on working during the weekend.The next day of my stay I call the front desk again, and demand answers.  This manager was a bit more assertive in handling the issue.  She spent time on the phone with my bank, and then my bank conferenced me in as we searched for a way to overcome Holiday Inn's costly error.After dealing with this issue for about 5 total hours, it becomes apparent that there is no way my money will be returned until after the weekend.  I demand to only pay half of my hotel bill, which is immediately granted.  By then I was tired of dealing with the issue and took their bill reduction as adequate compensation.Ultimately, don't use a debit card to pay for incidentals on a hotel room, because hotel systems may automatically withdraw an egregious amount of funds from your account, which could cash screw you for the weekend.  Also, DON'T STAY AT HOLIDAY INNS because the staff and management is comprised of lazy, lying, and incompetent thieves.That is all.
3	The three stars given here are actually for the desirable locations next to and across the street from the hotel (Pita Pit, Mert's Sould Food, and a terrible awesome bar called Buckhead's Saloon).  For an account of the managerial skills of the staff and overall accomodations, please see Austin J.'s review. The bathroom/shower situation is extremely odd.  Loretta P. described it well as an elevated basin serving the function of a sink that's not even in the bathroom.  Water pressure is pretty weak as well.  One plus:  you can request a room with an ipod dock alarm clock.  No continental breakfast, but they do have an overpriced restaurant connected to the lobby called Caffe Sienna. I think they'll even let you bill your room so you can pretend you're not paying for it.I would recommend this hotel only because it's a decent price (especially if you complain enough to get half price) and in a great location.  Close to plenty of restaurants, bars, and the Bobcat's arena.
2	The Good:This place is in a pretty prime location downtown as it is located to some of the best eateries downtown (Merts, Pita Pit), a few blocks from Bobcat Arena, walking distance to Bank of America Stadium, and a stones throw from the heart of Charlotte (Trade/Tryon).  The room had an ipod dock which was a nice touch.They seem to operate on the honor system when it comes to receiving more room keys.  I stumbled downstairs at about 2:30 in the morning, asked what room my party was staying in and was promptly given a room key.College St. turns into a ghost town at about 2:30 at night, so it is very easy to make your way back to the hotel from the Buckhead Saloon, which if situated anywhere else would be an inadvertent vehicular manslaughter waiting to happen.The Bad:See Austin J's review regarding payment policy and competency of front desk.  At least worth -2 stars.Their televisions could be called outdated... at best.  I am fairly confident that their analog tv's will go the way of the dinosaurs when the changeover happens next year.The beds.  This is not 18th century America. People no longer reach maximum biological size at 5'8 160 pounds.  Don't advertise a room as comfortably accommodating four when it would be a snug fit for the cast of Little People Big World.3 years ago I was charged $80 dollars for a flower pot that I ALLEGEDLY broke.
3	When I wrote my original review, I forwarded it to the branch manager of Holiday Inn North American and his office acted promptly on it.They have given me their sincere apologies, and offered me 8k hotel points, which translates into 8 Southwest Rapid Rewards Credits, which is about have of a frequent flier ticket.  This is in addition to the half price my part was charged for our overall stay.They explained that the Charlotte Holiday Inn is a franchise and independently owned and operated, however they are working with relevant mangers to resolve the issue I experienced.Thus I am happy with their response and compensation, even though it was a harrowing experience, I think we can all look back and say we are better people and hotels for having endured it.However, please read my original review for helpful advice when checking into hotels....i.e. use a credit card rather than a debit card in order to protect your funds.
1	This is the second time that my husband and I have stayed at this hotel.  Both experiences have been terrible.  The staff is very rude and does not go out of their way to smile or go the extra mile.  The decor is bright and nice, but it is not maintained very well.  The lobby could use a good cleaning.  Also, there is a $15/day charge for parking at this hotel.  The location is great, you can walk to pretty much anywhere, but it is very noisy even on higher floors.  We were mostly disappointed because we got a double room for Valentine's day and when we asked to for a king room, J.J. told us that we had booked online so we got whatever they had.  We felt like we were treated as second rate citizens because we had booked online.  Then when we got to the room, the faucet was so loose it fell over.  It was fixed promptly, but made a bad first impression.  Neither time my husband and I have stayed at this hotel have we had a good experience.  I would strongly recommend staying at one of Charlotte's other nice hotels if you want a good experience.
3	been traveling a lot lately and this was one of our stops.  we booked the aloft W down the street and those posers, actually sold our room out from under us and, as a 'sorry' comp'ed us a room at the Hilton here.... now, first off, if you're going to say sorry with a comp, why wouldn't it be a nice hotel.  not that the hilton isn't 'nice' but it's not quite at the level of the aloft.  so why not find a comparable suite?  anyway, that's a dig at the aloft and i don't want it to influence the hilton.i hesitate to give this place only 3 stars because what else do you really expect from this place. it's very clean and orderly. service is good. room is BASIC. no frills. they have an iron so you can iron your wrinkled shirts before going off to your meetings in the morning. hair dryer works. hot water. room is quiet. etc, etc.... they COULD spare a thicker blanket as i had to turn the heat up in the room to sleep comfortably because the blankets where _thin_... but oh well.and i should take a moment to point out the breakfast buffet was unusually good.  not a massive selection but there were 9 staff down there waiting on about 8 customers hand and foot.  i was playing with teh waffle-maker, about to make myself a waffle, and one staff member jumped in front of me (at the SELF-SERVICE waffle-maker) and said: "no problem, sir, i'll make that for you and bring it to your table."  amazing. the food was 3 star but the service was 5. the room was 3 stars but the service at the front desk from 4.  so again, i wonder if i should round to 4 but it's ultimately a holiday inn, a basic room.  so it's good for what it is but not a ton more.
4	I stayed at the Holiday Inn Center City for 7nights while on a business trip.  My room was okay, nothing too exciting.  My only problem with the room was that my hair dryer didnt work, not a big deal but I was brought another one that didnt work, and another and another.  I believe the 5th dryer actually worked.  The one night we wanted to use the hot tub it was closed (looked like maintenance maybe).  The valet is wayy expensive, my friend stopped by for literally 10minutes (they didnt even move the car), and they wanted 12$ !!  The real reason I gave 4stars is because of one staff member.  His name is JJ and he is amazing.  He recommended a place for us to eat almost every night.  The night we went out on the town he gave us a list of all the places to go.  Its very obvious he truly cares about the customers and knows whats going on in Charlotte.  People like him are few and far between, he made our trip so enjoyable.  Thank you JJ !!!
3	If my life were more like a rapper's and less like a graduate student, the 8 daytime hours that I spent in my room at the Holiday Inn would have included a lot more models and bottles and lot less reading and writing ... that being said ... I have never been to a city where the Holiday Inn is 2 blocks from the Ritz Carlton.  In my experience the ultra-luxury hotels keep a respectful distance from the less-fancy brands. But if one of your hotel fantasies is to stay really close to a Ritz Carlton, Charlotte can make your dreams come true ... it's just gonna cost ya' a couple of Benjamins.    See, the deal with all of the hotels at Charlotte City Center (Holiday Inn, Ritz Carlton, Aloft, Omni, et. al.) is that they are in very close proximity to one another and the City Center.  They are all within a 4 to 5 block range, so you are definitely paying for location.  But it's a good location if you're trying to take in downtown or you have pursuits at the City Center.      So, about the Holiday Inn - I like the fancy, modern furniture in the lobby.  I appreciated that it is a very tall hotel and on the side where my room was, it looked out at an art deco office building. So it was amusing to watch the workers doing their work thing as I whiled away the hours at Le Holiday Inn.  The room was comfortable and had some nice touches, including an ipod docking station, FREE wi-fi (which seems a bit scarce in Charlotte) and two types of pillows with helpful, little signs denoting them as "Firm" and "Soft".  I love it when my pillows communicate with me, so I know what I'm getting myself into.   The hotel also has a feature that I have never encountered before.  On the roof - which also houses the pool - there is a painted "track" for aerobic activities.  I tried it out for running, but I found that an open rooftop on a cold, windy, and rainy day makes for an unpleasant exercise experience.  In my brief little jaunt around the track, I appreciated their thoughtfulness and decided that this feature is probably better for walkers than runners.  Nonetheless, I think it's the thought that counts.  Overall, I liked the room, had pleasant customer service experiences, and would be willing to stay there again if I went back to Charlotte City Center ...
4	This was one of my favorite hotels I have stayed at...mainly because of some key ingredients to making a trip great - Concierge, the room, the rest of the staff present.The Concierge was more than happy to guide us to where great places to hangout and party were. He not only directed us, but gave us comp (free admission) cards to more places than we could possibly go in one night, leaving us with many options. In just the bar, and club that we actually did go to he saved us over $30 in just cover costs. BOOM!The room was large and spacious, the gentleman who checked us in at the front desk was more than accommodating by putting us in a king room. Great bed and great view. Lots of TV channels and free wi-fi. Couldn't ask for more! The hotel staff was incredibly warm, and welcoming...Everyone. I mean it! The valet, the front desk people, the Concierge, and even one of the managers. They really, really took care of us and I am thankful for that!Why no fifth star? This place really needs to figure out the PARKING ISSUE...It is a $15 a night to park, which is not a huge deal when you are in a great location but what a pain in the ass to get there! Once you park your car you go down an elevator, then walk about 200 feet to the entrance to the hotel, then walk another 200 feet to another set of elevators up to your room then walk another x amount of feet to your room. Not convenient at all! There should be a way to go from the garage to your room, or something to that effect. Or charge less for parking!Overall, I'd stay there again - great experience!
4	Recently stayed at this Holiday Inn location for a business trip and was pretty happy with it.  The location is great and the room was pretty comfortable.  Free Wi-Fi is very nice since so many hotels now charge you a fee.  It was walking distance to many restaurants and pretty much in the middle of everything.  If I were to come for a personal trip, I would probably still stay here if the price is reasonable.
1	Quite possibly the most miserable hotel experience of my life. noisy, dirty, poorly renovated and the WORST customer service known to man. The way I was treated by the front desk was enough reason to never step foot within a mile radias of this place. Doesn't even deserve one star in my book. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
2	I stay in 3 to 4 hotel rooms a week so I am not too picky when it comes to beds but these were terrible. If I'm going to pay $160/night I at least want a decent bed. And this may sound weird but the toilet seats were too small (and I'm a small guy). The rooms were clean but I would not stay here again.
4	We had a great experience here:  helpful staff, clean room, comfy bed, free WIFI, and plenty of security.  My only complaint was that silly basin sink located at the entrance to the room.This hotel is marvelously situated within walking distance to some of the best entertainment and dining in town.
5	I hosted a bachelorette party for my sister at this location and overall everything was wonderful. There were a few customer service issues I had that I'd like to mention so that others are aware. 1- I booked the block of rooms 3 months in advance via the 1-800 number on the website. I have a military ID and requested the military discount. I was given the discounted rate for all 5 rooms and was told I only needed to present my ID upon arrival. Unfortunately, when I arrived the girl at the check-in counter told me that I could not have all 5 rooms at the discounted rate, that I could only have two of them. I pitched a royal fit and 40 minutes later they gave me all 5 rooms at the rate that I was quoted. Bad way to start a fun occasion.2- I emailed back and forth with Tracy Bernstein about specifics that I needed for this gathering I was hosting (iPod player, Microwave, Fridge, Early Check-in). I was told these things would be ready and they were not. We never got the iPod player, Microwave or Fridge. Bad customer service, Tracy.NOW, I'd like to tell you about the wonderful things at Holiday Inn City Center. 1- Very clean and modern. I loved the decor and it made great back drops for my photography.2- The rooms had adjoining doors which made it very easy for our guests to mingle.3- Jay Jay at the front desk was so friendly and helpful. He arranged a private limo service for us beautiful ladies for a great price. I've been told he has the "hookup" so make sure you get with him if you need anything special. 4- Adam is the food and beverage manager and he was so good to me. He offered to bring a 6 foot table in to our room with table cloths for FREE. Are you serious? FREE? He even came by the room to make sure we got all that I requested and warn us about the no noise policy starting at 11pm. We very happily toned it down by that point. The stay at the hotel was wonderful and the event was great. I really appreciate all that helped me at the hotel to make this event special!
4	The decor here is very nice and modern. Within walking distance to lots of center city attractions. Everyone here is friendly and helpful. Only downside is parking which is $15 a day for self parking or $19 a day for valet. We had trouble connecting with the wi-fi even though we were given a code to use at check-in, but we were out most of the weekend so that really was no biggie. Great hotel right smack dab in the middle of downtown!
1	AWFUL!! i booked a hotel room here for New Years Eve and was not told that it was a non-refundable pre-paid hotel room! 1 month after i booked the room and 1 month before I was staying there my credit card was charged for the room!  I was treated like an idiot by Carmen who answered the phone.  She kept saying that I should have known but I would not have been so upset if I had known the hotel could charge my card any time they wanted!!  Make sure whoever you speak to tells you everything when booking a room!!  Would not recommed this hotel solely based on the way I have been treated!!!
4	Very pleased with king suite! Great customer service, clean and quite.
5	I stayed at this particular holiday inn last week  If you check my previous reviews I always stay in a holiday inn or candlewood when I travel (IHG brand).  While 9 out of 10 are good experiences this one takes the cake.  Based on yelp reviews we knew ahead of time about the parking fee (it is unavoidable in the center of the city)At least it is only a 1 time fee and they validate it for your stay.  After parking we go to hotel lobby to check in and were greeted by a very nice and helpful receptionist (I wish I remembered her name).  She told us that we had the best room in the entire hotel, and I truly believe it. Our room was 15th floor room 1534.  It was on the corner so we got 2 walls of windows, one side had a great view of uptown (not the arena which is behind the hotel), and the ceilings were over 12 feet high. Our king bed was comfy as always, and I always fall asleep quickly on them.The hotel itself is furnished in a contemporary style, and will appeal to 9 out of 10 people.  It is located one block from the Epicenter, and only a block or two from the lightrail system for easy commuting.    The one time we had to leave parking was to travel about 3.5 miles to go to an auditorium (we saw Wicked, and it was fantastic).  Other than that there was no reason to drive anywhere since you are close to everything in uptown.  In the beginning of my post I said that my boyfriend and myself always stay in a variety of the Holiday Inn brand hotels.  For anybody looking into hotels, I suggest you sign up for their rewards system, whether or be this one (priority club) or another chains version of it.  Hotels reward loyalty, and will do a lot to keep you loyal.  We did our research and liked the IHG brand (everything from Holiday inn express to Intercontinental)for a few reasons; they are literally everywhere so we knew that when we travel we can stay with them and continue earning points, and price-wise they stay competitive.  Our room preferences are already saved to our account (free to create).  So as a tip to everybody do a little research into hotels rewards programs, then stick to it.  If you stay with a hotel chain ten times a year, they will do a little more to keep you happy, and make up for any bad experiences you might have along the way. When I first started out with my Priority Club membership I highly doubt they would have upgraded me to the 15th floor with some of best views in the whole hotel, but because of my loyalty to them they rewarded me (at no additional cost).  The room was only $97, and that really can't be beat  for this location.
5	My wife booked my son and I for a father/Son weekend to the Giants/Panthers game. I had no idea a Holiday Inn could be so nice. It offered everything the top hotels had in my years of traveling. The decor, room, location were all 5 stars! The front desk and valet parking were top notch! I needed to charge my phone and iPad before the game and the valet brought my car down so we could sit and charge it. After we were done he parked it again with a smile.We will absolutely be back! Thank you for a wonderful stay!
1	We had a series of misfortunate events take place from the moment we arrived, all the way through to the time we left.  It's actually quite sad because I'd like to share the information, but I'd rather lick dog poop off the bottom of my shoe than waste another moment of my life on this place.  It's awful and we won't be going back.  The worst of our experience?  Let's just say that the hotel employee who used his master access to open up our room, while we were in it, with the privacy sign on, pretty much sealed the deal here.  If anyone's had theft problems, this may be why.  Hotel staff was quick to throw out "sorry" for each thing that went wrong, but we strongly suspect nobody meant what they said. (I didn't want to give this place any stars, but one star is needed to submit this review...)
4	The staff at this hotel are all so attentive and efficient. Look you guys.... I'm accustomed to to rouging it since I'm on the road so much and this is Not that.From the accommodating Front Desk Staff, to housekeeping, to the valets and belhops. Just a really good experience overall.We had one seriously minor hiccup, but the front desk staff was gracious and appropriately apologetic. They got the issue taken care of quickly & we didn't have any other problems.Parking downtown is expensive. I took advantage of the Lynx Blue Line Park & Ride to  pinch some pennies and it worked out. Parked 2 days for the cost of the train ride. Win.
4	When living in Charlotte, I came to many events at this hotel, hosted a few of my own, and have been up and down the building on many occasions. We recently stayed at this hotel when in town for a wedding and it was great. Rooms were clean, cozy, housed all of the amenities you could ask for and then some. The king-sized bed was awesome and super cozy for me and the Mrs. The entire hotel is great. However, one of the biggest bonuses in hospitality and service in the concierge and valet. The guys were so nice and helpful as my wife and arrived at separate times. Huge thanks to those guys for being so accommodating to us and willing to provide more than what was needed. If we're ever visiting again, I'm booking here for sure.
1	Steer clear of this hotel.  Mediocre rooms but very unpleasant service - they do not honor reservation requests and have nothing but excuses. Bar is way overpriced.  There are MANY choices in Charlotte - do not consider this hotel as one.
5	Perfect location with a warm friendly staff.  What more could you ask for?  Everyone from the valets to front desk staff were wonderful.  Our room was clean and looked to have been remodeled in the last couple of years.  When we mentioned we were in Charlotte for a sick relative, kids in tow, and that it was our anniversary, they delivered chocolate covered fruit to our room.  If you book through their website, the prices are very reasonable.
4	Great hotel - very clean, organized, the staff was amazing. Breakfast buffet in the morning was perfect. I gave it a 4 star, because I been road tripping around the states and out of all the holiday inns and hampton inns this one was more pricey and parking was also expensive. Since it was in the city I can understand, but I feel if you're checking in so late (9-11pm)  there should be some type of discount (that most hotels offer) Overall I enjoyed my stay and stood at other holidays because of it!
2	Beware of this hotel...  Under renovations until December 30, 2014.  New RF ID keys and I have had to get a new key 3 days in a row!  The middle elevator has been known to get stuck or doors not even opening....  Things to just be aware of!
