3	This is the relatively new theatre in the struggling Christown Spectrum mall at the intersection of 19th Ave and Bethany Home. There is still massive construction around the whole area making it a challenge even to enter the mall. And it has been so for the last few years, it seems. Pros: The theatre itself is clean and seemingly well run. The popcorn was fresh and tasty and when we entered our particular theatre, it was clean. The movie ran well and the sound level was appropriate (I hate it when I feel like I have suffered hearing damage from excessive volume). The temperature was decent. Cons: The seats could be better. In comparison, our AMC has high backed chairs with arm rests that raise (for snuggle purposes). I hope the construction ends soon- I can't imagine coming here often, even with anchor stores like Costco and Super Target, until it does.
4	Kerstin M. must be confused.  The Harkins at Christown has the same seats as every other newer Harkins' theater does...highback rocking seats with armrests that raise.  I have a bad back and Harkins is the only place I can sit and watch a movie without pain.  AMC's seats are really uncomfortable.I like the new Christown theatre.  It's well run with great sound and picture.
4	The Harkins Christown Theater is a surprisingly nice theater considering the area of Phoenix it's in. I think it was built fairly recently. I came to see "Four Christmases" on Christmas and couldn't believe how crowded it was (then again, when it's the first wet Christmas in the Valley since 1994, what else is everyone going to do other than stay at home). The credit card ticket kiosk was a Godsend, considering the line (I'm from Cleveland and I've never seen a kiosk for ticket purchsing at any of my local theaters). The theater is very nice and clean and the stadium seating is always a plus. Overall, if you're going to see a movie in Central Phoenix, the Harkins at Christown is a really good theater to go to.
2	We visited this cinema while in Phoenix, I was a bit iffy on the area, and all the kids hanging around outside b4 and after the film.  Then while in the film there were young kids in the theatre running around, etc.  This is a place if I were to go to a film while in Phoenix again, i most likely would go somewhere else from this place.
1	Worst employee ever!!!  I recently visited this theatre with a friend of mine with a walking disability.  I asked an employee (Alfredo) for some assistance with some extra light for her after the film was over.  Even a flashlight would have been great.  He not only refused, when she finally came out of the theatre he laughed at her.  So insensitive!!!!!  I have made complaints to both the theatre and the main office.  Why this employee is still there is beyond me.
4	I must have been very fortunate to not have had any of the employee and customer complications noted by some. Since I live in the general area, Harkins Christown is my main theater. It's a short drive or a moderate walk from the light rail (a must when my flask joins me for a movie). Overall, the place is always clean, the bathrooms may have water splashed on the counter but I expect that. Although it doesn't happen too often, we have had situations where parents bring their children into movies that are decidedly adult-themed and those children ask questions throughout the movie. However, I'm getting pretty good at zoning nuisances out. I may not have enjoyed every movie I've seen here, but the theater is big, clean, very good sound and picture quality, and they serve hot food. What more could I ask for?
5	My wife and I have always had a great experience at this Harkins location. It is somewhat new, clean, and has a great selection of movies. No IMAX experience on site, but that's fine. We prefer accessibility and quiet (little external noise) theaters to flashy experiences.
2	So I went to this Harkins for the first time recently. I was sure to park illegally in a handicapped spot and to leave my dog in the car. It's not like it's hot out and really how many people in wheelchairs go to the movies...OK. Sarcasm and current events aside I had big hopes as we strolled into the theatre lobby. Big. Grandiose. Clean. Helpful staff. Then....I. Entered. The. Theatre.Gulp. Um. What the heck? Why are there at least a dozen random seats covered with big black garbage bags? I sat on the edge of my seat the entire movie. And not because it was a cliffhanger. I just felt dirty. Not soft porn dirty. Silkwood dirty. Just seemed ghetto and reminded me of the skankhole Harkins on Thomas and 36th Street. I may stick to red box and my clean sofa at home!
4	make a conscious choice to support a LOCAL business.--at the time of this review, the outdoor kiosks are for browsing use only--super-friendly staff--clean lobbies, halls and bathrooms (oh so nice when you're joined by 50 of your fellow patrons to relieve yourself of the 168 oz. soda you drank over 2 hours)--if only airline seats cold be so spacious and comfortable!--food choices are totally hideous, but they do have bottled water.SUPPORT A LOCAL BUSINESS! MAKE A CONSCIOUS CHOICE!--the Harkins family has owned and operated cinemas since Tempe's Mill Avenue had a mill on one end of it--Dan Harkins is an anonymous philanthropist. i have personally witnessed his bounteous generosity and was deeply moved--in the age of super-googleplex cinema with visions of Arco 5000, make a conscious choice to support a local business.
4	Great locally owned theater, in a formerly at-risk area.This Harkins location is outstanding. It is nothing to open a new, shiny theater, but to keep it maintained in tip top shape, and really care? Now THAT is something special, and that is what you get at this theater.If you can remember waaay back when to the old Christown theater, where you had to bring a gun and knife to safely enter and exit, you will be happy to know that things have changed greatly. Both the theater and parking lot are safe, clean, and well lit.Much like there are Elvis Vs. Beatles people, there are Harkins Vs. AMC people. Personally, I don't think it is even a close race. Harkins offers souvenir drink cups you can buy, and the WHOLE year, refills are only $1. Additionally, you can purchase a large popcorn, and you get one free refill. So you can buy a large popcorn and save the bag, bring it back your next visit and get a free refill, and then spend a buck getting a large drink. You simply cannot beat that deal, and for me, in addition to better chairs which rock, Harkins cannot be beat.Also, check with your employer's HR dept. Many have discounted tickets for sale, where you can get tickets for $6, what a deal!Cheers.
5	Yes, I'm giving this Harkins in the midst of ghetto-Phoenix 5 stars. GTFO! Why?!Well, to quote Anthony P. below, "If you can remember waaay back when to the old Christown theater, where you had to bring a gun and knife to safely enter and exit, you will be happy to know that things have changed greatly. Both the theater and parking lot are safe, clean, and well lit."His comment, x100!I definitely remember scaaaaryyyy wayyy ghetto old-Christown theater, the one I used to go to in middle school with all my little hoodrat friends (I mean that in the nicest way possible, hoodrat friends!). It was crazy ghetto, hobos all around, and I'm pretty sure I do remember hearing rumors of people getting knifed. I went with my Dad once when I was 12, and I remember even he was slightly worried (and he's former military). So yeah... gross.Fast forward 8 years and I come back from a) being spoiled by the AMC on Camelback I went to in HS (bc I was soooo much classier in high school, ha!) and b) being away at college, and my boyfriend suggested we go to 'The Harkins at Christown."What the what?? Was my boyfriend trying to have me killed? At least wait til you've got a life insurance policy on me!That being said, we went (I was dragged), and my -mind- -was- -blown-! Brand new (ohhh shiny!), brightly lit, huge parking lot, friendly ticket and concessions stand kids, and stadium seating!! And CLEAN!! And no knife fights out front!!!I can't even believe this is literally right around the corner from ghetto-Walmart.The outdoor kiosk things do work now-- you can buy your ticket from them if no one is at the counter.I am definitely going to this theater more often-- You can't beat the Harkins deal (shirt deal, loyalty cup deal), the prices are better than AMC, and it's just as decent a theater as AMC at Camelback too. Yay Harkins!
4	This is a newer theater and lines always move smoothly here.remember to get discount movie passes at your local tripla a office or costco!
5	First off...locally owned and operated...that's worth a star right there.  This Harkins is in the style of all of the fancy newer ones and a few years after opening, it is still very, very clean and well kept.  I don't think I've ever had my kicks stick to a soda saturated floor in this theater!   The seats are large, high back, rocking, comfy with raising armrests which is so nice.  The staff is friendly, and on two occasions when I've foolishly left my sunglasses behind, they were waiting for me at customer service the next day......I'm not talking 15 minutes later, I'm talking a full day later!  Amazing!    They make their popcorn fresh ... you can see it popping out of the machines all day long, not like AMC with their big bags of pre-popped stale stuff.  The popcorn toppings are cool, too.  The outdoor kiosks to buy your tickets are great if there's a long line, but honestly, this place is always so well staffed that even when there's a crowd, there are plenty of kids working the booth and no real wait.  (Concessions can be another story.)   I always put the yearly tee shirt and large refill cup on my holiday wish list; even if santa doesn't come through, it's worth the $20 bucks or so to get free popcorn and $1 soda all through the new year.  And really, I'm not a soda pop freak, prefer club soda....and they don't even charge for that in the refill cup!   Wayyyyyyy better than any AMC I've been to in the valley (yes, this includes the huge megolopolis at desert ridge).   Go Harkins!  Go Christown!
5	First of all Phoenix is incredibly fortunate to have a theater chain like Harkins, Compared to other cities, the quality of the theaters, the selection of the movies, the ticket prices, and the deals on soda and popcorn Harkins is one of the best theater chain I have ever frequented and the sheer existence of this chain forces the other chains (AMC, UA) to keep prices reasonable and improve the quality of their own service, which doesn't happen in towns where there is no competition -- cough, cough... Sacramento.If you're still picturing the Harkins Theatres at Christown as the way they were many years ago, when they were located right on 19th Avenue or even worse, if you remember the movie theater located upstairs in the old Christown Mall, you'll be surprised to find that this is a brand new theater complex, built about four years ago and just as nice as any other Harkins in the Valley. In fact, you don't even have to go through the mall to get to the theater. With stadium seating, digital sound, large screens, rocker seats, all digital projection, a snack bar with all the options, ticket windows, and even self-serve ticket kiosks, Harkins Christown allows you to see movies the way they are supposed to be seen.If you're in North Central Phoenix, this is a great place to see a film.
5	This is the best company of all theaters.Started by Red Harkins what gets  better than this?!
4	My my, has this place gotten a make over or what. I remember going to the Christown movie theater in 1998 to see Titanic, and it was a tinny tiny dump or a theater. Yes, this is where I saw Titanic fr the first time, now the 7 times after that, ugh why did I just admit that?, were some place else. SIDE Note: They are releasing Titanic into theaters in 3D. What the hell? Lame!Anyway, this theater is looking good. Nice parking area, friendly staff and everything is clean. The bathrooms are a little small, if a big movie lets out you could be waiting for a few minutes, but with its close proximity to my house, I could just hold it. hahaI approve, we will be back. Harkins: *insert in suggestion box* You should get a liquor license! I would love a drink at the movies!
3	Neither here nor there. A solid choice if you're just a few miles away or live along and ride the light rail. The parking is just out front and this location doesn't lend itself to a dinner / movie / dessert / coffee type of outing. I would choose AMC on camelback or at the arizona center for a better date atmosphere. You can generally have one stop for your dinner, movie, coffee, desert and people watching with everything thats available in those locations.
3	I usually choose this theater out of convenience alone. It is right near me and I prefer a Harkins theater over AMC for price. My son and I go see most every new PG13 movie and under so you can imagine how expensive that can get. Especially during the summer. But we pack our dollar refill movie cups and our Harkins t-shirt that offers you a free medium popcorn or a $1 upgrade to a large. So we make out pretty cheap for a mommy son movie date!The employees here are always really nice and usually open a new register when they see the lines getting long. It's always cool inside, sometimes too cool. I usually bring a sweater. And when we leave a movie someone always asks my little boy what he thought of the movie. It's not the nicest location, or the cleanest I've been to but it does what it is supposed to do. The show must go on...Xo,Reesie
4	Just left the theater and saw Hotel Transylvania. This theater is clean with great customer service. There are kiosk outside to purchase tickets or fully staffed to buy them. I did not have to wait long in line. As soon as I walked in I was greeted and directed to the area where my movie was playing. Before I went in I grabbed some goodies from the snack bar. The snack bar was well staffed with friendly employees. My popcorn was fresh and my beverage was a nice cool drink. The condiment table was filled with popcorn toppings, butter, salt, pepper, napkins and other goodies to go with food ordered. This area was clean. The room I saw my movie in was clean as well. The floors were swept with no trash anywhere in sight. The room temperature was perfect and the sound quality was nice. The theater was cozy. I am happy that I gave this location a try.
4	First off, when I tell my friends that I'm going to the movies at the Harkins Christown, they look at me like I'm insane. NO, peeps, it is NOT old scary Christown theater that used to be on 19th Avenue. This new Harkins is located on the "back side" of the Mall close to the Wal-Mart. I found that some of my friends didn't even know this theater was here at all!  I go to this theater about once a month (matinee shows are very reasonably priced!) and the All Digital Projection and digital sound is awesome. The stadium style "rocker" seating is comfy (fold up armrests with cupholders is nice for movie date night) and the theaters are generally clean and trash-free. The audiences are the only reason that I deduct one star - theater management/security should do a better job in controlling some "hood-ish" behavior, and some showings have LOTS of immature teenage behaviors - to the point that it seems like half of Central High's sophmore class is sometimes in attendance (especially opening nights) - all of these "kids" were yelling "Stephanie, we're up HERE!!" at the top of their damn lungs about 10 minutes into the movie last time I was there for a Saturday matinee! Back on topic, the snack bar is good for a movie theater, there's self-service ticketing kiosks, you can purchase tickets online, and the theater is thoughtfully disabled-accessible (thank you Harkins for that!) There's also assistive listening devices and closed captioning options available too. Plenty of parking too, and I've noticed a comforting level of police "presence" in the parking lot after late evening showings.
4	Definitely a good theater to go to.
4	Well, it's in a bad part of town so it's rude visitors tend to ruin it. Like another person said I too try to go to the AMC at Esplanade or Az Center instead. Every time I go to Christown I get my movie ruined by fellow audience members who are; Texting, talking on the phone, bringing babies, starting trouble, and talking loud through the entire movie. I stopped going to the movie over these issues even. Movies are too expensive to miss half of it due to out of control movie patrons. The theater itself is nice and all, typical Harkins. Plenty of parking. They do need line control barriers at the box office though. I have seen fights start here over short cutting.I am giving today 4 stars though. Today they did something that really impressed me and I think that all theaters should do it as well. If they did I would start going to the movies more often. I would even add that they should monitor throughout the movie like they do at concerts and plays. They had an usher actually sitting people in seats, filling in empty seats along the way. (kind of like an usher at the theater or symphony)  Now, I am sure it was because they expected the show to sell out but I still thought it was a great idea. I was pretty amazed by that and what followed. Right before the movie started a woman introduced herself as the theater manager. She then went over house rules. She asked that we please abide by the no texting, no rowdy kids, etc and so forth regarding interruptions. She even told us all to put our phones away right then and there. "Woot, Woot!" The manager then discussed a little background on the movie and ended with a hope that we all enjoy the show. I have never seen anyone do this at a non preview premier or a filmed movie before. I was very impressed. Of course people still broke the rules but what do you do? Monitor throughout might help but you can't control other people's behavior. For such a packed house it was better than usual though. On a side note why do people bring babies to movies anyway? It's dangerous to their brain development.
3	This isn't too bad of a theater. It looks like any other newer Harkins. Seats are comfy enough and you can rock back and forth in them. Its location is ok- next to Christown Mall, which is pretty run down looking even after its renovations. But after going to the movies, you can go to Costco, Target, or Walmart. :]
4	Great place to go on a Monday afternoon. There were probably less than 20 cars in the parking lot. I was kind of leery at first because the mall here is sketchy at best, but this was a nice clean theater with friendly staff.
4	This Theater is a little old, but it is a nice theater to come to.  Also it is at Chris town mall, so if you decide you need to buy something before or after the mall.  You are all set.  When you come to this theater you can always find a great seat and if you have a Harkin's loyalty cup.  You can get a refill for $1.50. Also the theaters are always really clean and don't smell.  Some other theaters smell weird.   If you decide you want to go to the movies in mid-town, you should go to Harkin's Theater.  At least you know that it is clean, does not smell weird and the employees are really nice.
2	This place sucks! Just try to buy your tickets an hour before the movie shows. Because there is always a long line, and when you buy your ticket all the seats in the theatre is all taken up, and your left with the first two row seats. Sometimes the light aren't in in the theatre too so you can see the open seats when the movie hasn't even started. One of the cashiers pressured me to buy other junk food when all I sad was a small popcorn will be all. Oh yeah! The managers don't give a rats Azz if people talk in the theatre too.
3	This place is pretty standard. It's at Christown, which would make one assume that it's pretty run down, but it's actually not bad. Just your standard, run of the mill movie place. The seats are comfy and have a little recline to them. I've never had any issues with the lines. The snacks are way overpriced, as would be expected.
4	Luke going to Harkins Theatre to watch movies. I gave it 4 stars not because they serve that nasty coke products
5	Good theater. Lines aren't bad at all usually since they have quite a bit of employees here. Love the nachos.
4	So I got dragged here because some1 was driving me nuts wanting 2 go c Godzilla & even though I'm kinda used 2 AMC dine~in cinema suites w/ all that leg room in comfy recliners, this turned out 2 b quite an nicer time than originally expected 4 this kind of theater.    Heck, I actually used 2 work in this mall @ a calligraphy/airbrush art cart back in the day when the cinema was inside the Christown mall upstairs via the escal8or, then they moved it 2 19th ave which was a defin8 downgrade, but much 2 my surprise I'm pretty sure this is probably the nicest Harkins theater I've seen/been 2 which says a lot.    Recommend going w/ a large popcorn & drink as it entitles u 2 a free refill. Concession stands r actually pretty painless & fast moving as they have plenty of employees tending 2 patrons so we still snagged decent seats even tho it was packed as I'd expect 4 a new film especially being the wk~end.   Every single employee we encountered were friendly, helpful & cheerful from purchasing our tickets, the ticket taker, 2 trips 2 the concessions & especially the guy who was w8ing 4 the theater 2 clear so he could clean up after the lazy pigs who can't exert themselves 2 simply throw their own trash away as they walk past 2 receptacles on their way out.    Wish I got ur name thin, young employee guy outside of theater #5 of the 3:10p showing of Godzilla on Sun 05/18/14~ while w8ing 4 my companion 2 reappear from the restrooms, I heard/observed u wishing every1 a gr8 day, hoping they enjoyed themselves (even the rude (_y_) a$ses) & ur interaction was the nicest genuine employee 2 seal the positive experience 4 our departure b4 u having 2 clean up horrors I can only imagine worse than what I saw left behind inside. What a WINNING attitude!!   It was also nice 2 c a security guard golf driving around the parking lot as we had 2 park a decent distance away (it helps provide a little peace of mind that some1's looking out while vehicles r unattended etc.)  An added + it's also nice not 2 have 2 go thru the mall 2 get 2 the entrance. So yeah I'll defin8ly return 2 this 1derful place which not only far exceeded my expect8ions, but made me regret it took this long 2 c what I'd been missing...
4	We always try to go to Harkins theatre's because we like to go local.  Can't get much more local.  Love the comfy seats, the loyalty cups and the nearness of the Christown make it really convenient.   There are seldom lines which is great.  I do wish they still had China Mist tea and they would turn the temperature down because it is WAY too cold.  It it rocks.
5	For a theater at Christown, this place nailed it. There're some awful Harkins (metro) and there are some great ones (Scottsdale), then there's this one. It isn't in the best neighborhood, but this Harkins seems to ignore that by keeping it clean and classy. If this is the closest Harkins for you, I would recommend it.Pro tip: buy a shirt and a cup (keeps the dates dirt cheap).
3	Even with all the light rail construction this location is still very busy. For being in "Crips"town Mall the theatre is pretty nice and the parking is a breeze. They have security driving around in golf carts in case you are worried about your precious vehicle being vandalized.  It is well maintained and always clean and they have fun popcorn toppers (think ranch and carmel corn shakes).The employees are nice and they are quick to open new resisters when the lines get long. A-OK!
4	All things considered, this is the midtown theater I'd frequent any day of the week. Pricing is less than the AMCs and specialty theaters and the facility is updated and well kept. Sure -- there is no lobby bar or in-theater service -- but it does the trick. Besides, with the movies being released these days, it's usually the studio's fault if I have a bad film-going experience. I'm sure most Yelpers don't make a point to ride their bikes to Christown but, as another poster mentioned, they do not offer bike parking near the theater entrance. It'd be ideal if they'd offer something like a bike rack near the ticket booth (at least) for guests but I doubt that's gonna happen anytime soon.
