4	Gyms are not my favorite place but I admit that they get me through the February doldrums.  Since it's negative 5 and/or snowing at all times for months on end in sconnie land,  I'm dependent on this place for my sanity.  There are a few good cardio classes that I enjoy and the cycling is a good bet, too.  The newly-opened downtown gym is still sparsely attended and low-key, which is exactly what this girl is looking for.   Plus, they have trashy magazines for treadmill runners, which makes it a lock.
4	An above average gym (at least downtown). New equipment, friendly staff, not very crowded. Steam room never seems to be working but all-in-all, recommended.Bonus - membership gives you access to pool out in Fitchburg.
2	Rip-Off! Out of date equipment, overpriced, rude members, completely unresponsive management. Do not get stuck in this trap. ***Updated!**** The owner of Pinnacle has left my review a comment and I would like to address his response: It's great that a current club member can post a public complaint on Yelp and get a response from the club's owner, but having written letters, and placed multiple phone calls to account reps, one cannot get said response - as I noted above in my original review. He has also neglected to respond to the key issues I've listed in my review, and simply dismissed my opinion, stating I must have an ulterior motive?!?  (What a silly little gym memember I am, I don't even know what I am talking about!) - join this gym, and that is just how you will be treated too.  All I expect from my $115/mo is a modern, clean friendly, and honestly priced place to work out. To help all understand why my review says what it does, I figured I'd elaborate.  Unless you have not tried new cardio equipment since the 1990's, you will be happy with the limited selection this club has.  If that is you - strap on your sweat bands, hightop reebocks, and leg warmers...you'll fit right in.  If you comparison shop, you WILL find more modern clubs, at better prices in the Fitchburg area. (which I cannot wait to join!)
3	The Fitchburg location was very nice and clean, everything well kept and the locker rooms were great although sometimes very crowded because people tend to use it as a social hang-out. Other than the sales staff, the counter help was only so-so. They don't seem to give a hoot. Every time I needed something I had to hang around the front desk forever before I could get their attention and then it seemed all they wanted to do was get back to what they were doing. The downtown location is also very clean, the locker room is great and hardly anyone in there. Same story with the staff. Not very friendly. Don't seem to want to be there basically. The treadmills are great. The steam room never works it seems, which was my number 2 reason for joining the club so I've move on to another club.
5	I loved this place before I moved. It was always very well kept. Clean, Tidy, etc. It is tucked away in a bit of an industrial area which is kind of nice cause there isn't a lot of traffic then! And I used to run to Pinnacle. The building itself is very nice looking and the inside even better! I love the little bar-code key entry thing for members. The staff? Unbelievably nice, they are so kind and want you to have a great experience when you come in which is awesome. Their locker rooms, well as far as the men's one goes, are kept very clean and are maintained all during the day. There is never a shortage of fresh towels, the equipment is sprayed down to again keep cleanliness and you notice right away! Sometimes you can smell the cleanliness. Yep! Finally, it does get a little crowded here around 6-8 because everyone is getting off work. It isn't a huge deal because everyone is pretty generous and kind about allowing someone to get on a unit. I think the price per month is not bad if you really use it like a fitness club is supposed to be used. Also their pool area is really nice as well, they have lots of lanes and it is never crowded they even have a nice hot tub! And a sauna to sweat out all the toxins from the weekend Haha! JK. Overall, a great fitness center.
2	I was not thrilled with this gym.  At the Fitchburg location, there is plenty of equipment, and the little TVs are a treat.  It is clean.  My biggest complaint is the trainers, who spent more time chatting with me than helping me develop a routine I'd actually do.  At first I was really excited about the group classes, but then I realized the instructors don't make corrections, which is not only disappointing, but can be dangerous.  I'd recommend taking full advantage of the 14 day trial period, as the fees end up being quite costly if you aren't going to use the gym.
3	This review pertains to the Fitchburg location, the only one I use.  I've been a member here since late 2005.  In that time it's had a number of updates.  I am generally happy with the gym side of the club - still a member.  My biggest complaint is how you are basically forced to join a swim class if you want to use the pool in the morning.  I used to swim in the morning a lot, there was a regular group of us.  Once the Master's Swim program started, they use all of the lanes - even though technically "one is reserved", the reality is, it isn't.  So, if you want to swim in the morning, you are stuck in a lane with a bunch of very experienced competitive swimmers and are constantly getting in their way.  Now, I hardly ever swim.  That was the whole reason I joined, and they knew it.  I told them that.  They were totally unconcerned with members who used the pool for fitness swimming.On the gym side, they've added new equipment, last year they did some new paint and remodeling, expanded the locker rooms.Frankly, I am only still a member because I have a really good contract rate.  I can use equipment and the regular "gym" sorts of things for a hell of a lot less $$ at anytime fitness or similar.  I only keep my membership so I can use the pool, on those rare occasions I can skip out of work in the middle of the day when the pool is open.
3	Well, after being a member for 6 years, and the downturn in economy, apparently the folks at Pinnacle decided they didn't want my business.  They never contacted me about renewing my contract and opted to let it expire, rather than keep my business.I think this is a testament to tough competition from places like Anytime Fitness, who are now offering memberships that are well below HALF of what Pinnacle USED to charge.  Pinnacle now seems to have greatly lowered their introductory rate, to what my contract rate was (I got in at a reduced rate because they had only recently opened this club location when I joined).Whatever, I wasn't using the club because I have been travelling so extensively for work - maybe they assumed I died...or decided to go fat and lazy
1	Better out there. Heck better 1 block away.
2	Tired and outdated equipment.  It's embarrassing to jog on a treadmill to have it squeak and rattle so loud everyone looks at you.  While I was never the slimmest person there, I wasn't the heaviest either.  After 5 years, I finally left because membership was being offered to new members for considerably less than I was paying.
4	I joined Pinnacle for their group fitness classes and they're great.  I have never used the other equipment or pool area though since I have both at my apartment facility nearby-- so I can't speak to that.  But the group instructors are wonderful, and not many other places offer awesome classes like BodyCombat!
1	Well, it's a pretty good club. the classes are nice. However, the management is rude, some of the swim instructors have been outright disrespectful, and they do not listen to feedback. Many of the people who belong to the club, and pay good money to do so, cannot find a time to swim because they give all of the reasonable swim hours to the Master's Swim classes. Many people have given this feedback, but they do NOT care. They make extra money off the classes, so screw everyone else. I recently had a swim instructor running a master's swim class remind me that they pay good money to be in the pool, so I should just basically stop whining about it. Not to mention that the "instructors" and I use that term loosely, just write a work out on the board and then sit there on their phones. You could pay ME to do that. Also, the weight situation is very unsafe. Again, they have been given feedback from multiple members about this. It seems that the personal trainers dictated how the space was going to be used. As they make extra money this way, it was AGAIN, ignored. I don't like the "screw you" attitude of the management. The club is very expensive compared to others, and I don't want to be treated like crap. If you want, you can even pay extra money to be able to use one of their towels at the club. Really?
4	Joined Pinnacle for their salt water pool and water aerobics classes. Have also started to go to their yoga classes. It is a very nice, low key gym which I really like. Everyone is friendly. The management has been very nice and helpful.  The only aspect I would change is to not clean the womens locker room at the time a water aerobics class gets out. It puts showers out of use and is very crowded with the cleaning equipment. A positive recommendation is to have Rob Starbucks teach a yoga class. He is really great at it!!
5	Kudos to Heidi Meyer-Spidell for creating Pinnacle's amazing aquatics program and, besides being personally inspiring, recruiting a great coaching staff. I have been in the Pinnacle masters swim program for over a year, and Kimberly Goodell's coaching helped me recapture a love of swimming, as well as improving my technique.When Kimberly moved to California, Andy Rose had some huge shoes to fill as the new coach of our class. Even as Andy brings his own inimitable style to the class, he maintains the qualities of motivating and challenging each individual to achieve a great training workout, while also accommodating what each of us wants to get out of the class. He's very attentive in checking in to see if the workouts fit what class members want and calibrating accordingly. I look forward to every class--even at the ungodly hour of 6 am.Karl Barton is a coach new to Pinnacle and Madison. I am taking private swim lessons from him, and besides his knowledge of swim techniques and skill in teaching them--which are considerable--I love how what he conveys in words radiates through his whole body. I believe that the level of his enthusiasm alone could keep a stone afloat. I'm learning so much from him and feeling consistently stronger in my swim.The entire atmosphere at Pinnacle is friendly and supportive.
5	I am Eric, Gloria P's lesser half. I joined Pinnacle in Fitchburg back in April 1997 just after they opened. I had been a member at other Madison gyms over the years, but finally found my niche at Pinnacle. I try to go every day and especially now with the addition of all the state of the art strength equipment. The have added StarTrac Human Sport machines and TuffStuff machines. Also recently added are two lateral elliptical machines that are truly a new dimension as compared to the old standard linear machines. Put it this way, if you can't find something here to hit every body part, you aren't looking hard enough. My only complaint is that now I spend double the time working out and have to explain to my wife where I've been. (joking)The entire staff from Mike (the owner) on down to Bruce (the diligent guy cleaning equipment), are super friendly and dedicated. Pinnacle is an extremely clean, no nonsense gym. You see a minimal amount of Spandex, and a maximal amount of happy members just doing their thing.
