4	well is Ace Hardware, I love them all. i got to say this one is one of the good once\. nice  job
4	Great service!! Love that it is so conveniently located by my home:)
5	They have both nuts and bolts! Actually pretty helpful, short hours, but good pool supply section and great staff.
5	This Ace Hardware makes you feel like you live in a small town.  Sue knows that if I'm buying paint it means my husband is out of town and she always asks to see pictures of how the project turned out.The plants in the landscaping department actually are in good shape and last through the hot summers.  If you are wandering lost because you have no idea what part to buy for your broken toilet and someone will walk you through EXACTLY what to buy and how to fix it.Near the front they have a wonderful gift area that you would not expect to see in a hardware store.  Sometimes if I have an extra 15 minutes and I'm in that area I will stop by because I know that I will find some kind of fun project for the home or a perfect gift for someone.
2	I hate to write a review for a local hardware store so conveniently located in my backyard, but recent service I received when purchasing window screens for my home was less than ideal.  As for running into Ace for small items for the home - I think they do a great job with keeping a large and ample inventory.  They are very friendly and knowledgeable as well.  However, if you choose to do a larger project or make a larger purchase in which they will utilize a sub contractor for the work, be careful.  In my experience Foothills Ace takes a total lack of ownership over the process and quality of their sub contractors.  Working with the General Manager Pat was also a challenge.  Ace says in their website that "helping their customer is their first priority".  That is not the case with these more expensive jobs.  I am totally disappointed with the lack of ownership and follow-thru from Pat and Greg with Armadillo LLC.  At this time, my attempts to speak with owner Kevin Cash have gone unanswered.  I will continue to patronize Ace and support local business for my small ticket items, but it is doubtful I will ever use them again for more detailed projects - which is too bad.
5	What a great ACE store, they have it all. The customer service is exceptional...it is nice to be helped when you walk in the door. Kevin and Lindy give back so much to our community, just want you to know you are appreciated!
1	Place is abandoned and locked down. Phone is out of service.  Still merchants inside just no one to sell it.
5	This store has everything!!!   So happy they are back open and in our neighborhood.  Awesome service!!!
