4	The Prince Balti is out the way for me but it's worth the drive. The food and staff are great and it's a reasonably priced night out if you want to sit it.They do deliver and once they've got your address you will always get a Christmas card. Their nan breads are huge, so take care.
5	Nom nom nomI haven't eaten in this restaurant since my heady days working the Fringe oh *cough cough* years ago. This is the restaurant where I discovered chicken korai (a staple in my menu), and where memories and lasting friendships were fostered. Last night after a few cheeky beers along the promenade, I, with friends, retraced my steps to The Prince and tucked into another exemplary meal. Vegetable korai works almost as well as chicken korai, onion bhajis, naan, lemon rice... all tasted delicious and I rolled out with a bulbous belly, feeling all was right with the world. May your ascendancy to the throne long continue, prince.
4	This was my second visit after impressed the first time. Not disappointed. Nice, simple decor where food really stands out. Fairly reasonable price. Bindi gosht was excellent. This is currently my favourite Indian. Well worth a visit.
4	This place is great!I'm not a local - I was in Edinburgh on holiday. I am a curry enthusiast though and I've eaten in on three separate continents. I decided that I would do a curry tour of Edinburgh - choose a different Indian joint every night and try to find the best cross between most flavorful and spiciest curry in the city.What attracted me to this place was the advertisement that they serve the hottest curry available - something that puts even a vindaloo to shame. So I headed out to Portobello to check it out.The atmosphere was very comfortable and inviting and the waitstaff extremely friendly. I got in and fund the prices decent enough, which is a perk, and ordered my Mixed Vegetable Fal "extra spicy" (as in more than it already is) with Rice and Chapati. The waiter asked several times if I knew what I was getting into, and then suggested I get a beer to go along with it.Well... why not? So I did.The food came out and it was very aesthetically pleasing, not to mention that invigorating aroma! I went ahead and tried it and - WOW - it was really flavorful.But it wasn't really that spicy. You must understand that I eat spicy food WELL beyond that of most human beings. I eat foods that I've watched others cry to taste. I'm not being egotistical, I'm just being honest - I like to get Indian take-away back home and add habaneros AND ghost pepper hot sauce to it before I eat it. So, I sent the Fal back to make it even spicier.It still could've been spicier, in my book, but it was vastly improved and so I decided not to be a pain. It was delicious as any meal could ever be and I'll look back on this meal fondly for a long time.
