3	I find this grocery store to be pretty decent for the area overall.  Does seem that a competitor could really provide a newer fresher store and have great success for this family heavy area.
3	I'd like to thank Jason W. for pointing out the odor *sarcasm*.  I'm sure I noticed it before but it didn't bother me until I read his review.  This is the closest grocery store to home so I come here by default.  The produce is fresh and a great selection.  I have no idea how they do it but the avocados are always ripe at this store.  The cucumbers are never good though.  I should tell the produce guy that who, by the way, is a total hottie -- tall, dark and handsome!  They also have Boars Head in the deli, can't go wrong there!I was very excited to see that they were adding a butcher shop this summer.  I love to throw BBQ's and grill up some delicious meat for my friends and family.  Sadly, their selection of meat and cuts did not increase with the new addition.  Makes me miss my butcher by my old house downtown.The staff is nice.  There's an old, crabby cashier that I tend to stay away from because she blamed me for their machines going down when I swiped my card too fast.  Other than that, everyone is friendly and helpful.
4	I have been going to this Frys location for almost 9 years mostly because it's across the street. They do have a really nice staff and over the years you get to know them and they know my kids names so it's a nice welcome place to shop, One of my favorite things about this place is that they don't hesitate to pull people up to the registers when they get busy. The lines don't stay long too often and they will let you know when they are opening a new line instead of letting someone who hasn't been waiting go first. The pharmacists are also geat. Very friendly and fast.
4	I like Fry's, very clean, good customer service & cheap fuel with their loyalty program! Way to go
4	You know, I'd be happy to give 5 stars to Fry's.  They have a great selection of produce and it is of excellent quality.  They have all the grocery items I could ever imagine wanting.  They are quick at the checkout counters and very convenient to my location.  I would love to give 5 stars, but I have been to Safeway.  And at safeway, when you encounter an employee, they look you in the face and smile and ask if they can help you find anything.Fry's is great.  I'm a fan, but it's not as good as it gets.  Will I still shop there?  Of course!
2	This is our store and they are usually really good.  But they missed it this morning - Friday before a holidaybweekend and only one register open at 10 am.  Unusually long wait
5	This store is great.  Always excellent customer service.  Today we went in to cash in some lottery tickets my husband got for his birthday.  We don't know how to do the lottery ticket stuff, so we know if we go into Fry's they can always tell us if they are winners or not.  The customer service lady was very nice and funny.  My husband won $1.  We are $1 richer!!!  Woohoo!I periodically come to this Fry's as it's on the way to the kids' school or some other errand we are running.  Will continue to shop here.
4	Always great customer service at this location. Easy in and out close to everything.I enjoy coming here.
