4	Venizzia is a hotel within a hotel. It is its own tower with its own reservations and check desks, restaurants and other services and is a separate building from the Venetian. Venizza is a step up from the Venetian in appearance and quality of service, has its own pool and beautiful hallways burning real fire in the lamp posts inside.We have stayed here several times and the service is always great, the Bouchon restaurant and bakery does not disappoint (unless you get the chicken and waffles which they recommend but you should stay away from) and if they bring back the concierge level (currently closed because of the economy), you have to stay on that floor!
5	Great Hotel! Had a lot of fun! Will stay again! ;-)
2	Star deductions:1. No wifi!!! Come on venezia @ the Venetian. Join the 21st century for goodness sakes. Make sure when if you book here to stay at the palazzo instead. Who even carries Ethernet cables anymore?2. T.V.s don't work. Yes t.v.s plural. There's two of them and none of them work. It's been 1 1/2 hrs since I have complained and no ones come yet 3. The maze to get to the elevators. The two stars go to the valet, the bell hop and the concierge. Joe the bell hop awesome dude, Sean the valet who parked and re parked my car after I realized I left my phone in the car and Jaquelyn the concierge who did not hesitate to move us to the remodeled Venetian tower after I complained about the lack of wi fi and non operational flat screens.
5	LOVE the fact that you can buy swishers in the 10th floor lobby!!!! LOVE!!!! Swishers can also be delivered to your room... if you're on that vip tip :) GREAT rooms for hotboxing, and great pools too!
3	I first stayed here 5 years ago. Nothing has changed since then. I recommend if you want to stay at the Venetian, stay at the Palazzo. We stayed here for business and was jealous of my coworkers staying in the Palazzo. I remember staying at the Venezia 5 years ago. It was such a maze to find our rooms. Business or pleasure in Vegas, I'm drunk and my sense of direction is foggy. Why does it have to be so hard to find my room? If they don't want to build direct elevators, please provide a monorail service to the elevators. 15 minutes, at the least, to get from my room to the ballrooms near the Blue Man Group and Canal Shoppes where our meetings were being held inside the Venetian. I probably could have gotten to work faster staying at the Mirage. The rooms are in desperate need of a face lift. No iPod jack. No coffee maker. No coverings on the light fixtures in the bathroom. No wifi. The rooms are gigantic and perfect, I guess, for 6 people trying to stay in the same room together. It's not perfect for business travelers. They should take the money spent on the travel sewing kits in the bathrooms and use it on something people actually need. If I'm going to drink in Vegas, I'm going to a bar. Take out the minibars and give guests a coffee maker so they can stay up all night gambling or get rid of their hangovers without having to go on a property adventure to locate the Coffee Bean. There's potential to actually be the fantastic property it promises to be... it just needs to keep up with the times and the many properties going up around it.
2	Pluses:1. Beautiful... carpet smells new.2. Big rooms... States it sleeps 4 but can actually sleep 6 (2 queens and 1 pullout bed)... Has 2 tvs, not sure why as they are no more than 5 yards away from each other.3. Quiet wing with hardly anyone around.4. Fast elevators (probably bc it's so vacant).Minuses:1. Difficult to navigate with many twists and turns.2. Asked to be high enough to miss facing a building. Sure enough, the only view I have are the windows of the other tower.3. Must pay for everything... Wifi, decent tv programming, fridge.4. Just found a cockroach making his rounds across the floor... Just caught said cockroach.5. Too high of a room price for what you get.  Paid $235 plus $20 resort fee.  Crazy!
4	Beautiful, romantic, classy, all that. Plus I get free suites here so I love the Venetian even more. The only reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is because they have a new system that allows you to order drinks directly from your slot machine & the drinks never came after waiting for 25 minutes! I kept putting in more money just because of my drink. I had to tell a cocktail waitress from a different section & she delivered my raspberry martini. All I gotta say is.... That was a VERY expensive martini -___-
4	I didn't stay in the hotel but this was the first stop i made once i got to Vegas and wow this place is beautiful. If your in vegas u must stop here and visit the shop and the canal up above the casino. That's right Above the casino there are shops and a huge body of water!!!. I didn't get a chance to go on the boats because the line were so long but they had lots of other things to do so i was entertained. Four stars only because the actual casino part wasn't that great.
3	Ok, so when it comes to hotel rooms in Vegas... I am a spoiled brat. I like my rooms luxurious even when I know I will barely be in the room. It's just so nice to come back to a big, clean, luxurious room after partying all day lol. 3 stars compared to OTHER rooms at the Venetian and Palazzo. Compared to other hotel rooms, it's a 4 star. When I checked in, they offered me this tower instead  because it was a packed weekend, I checked in late after taking a side trip to Death Valley first, and all the double beds in the main tower were gone... just one accessible room left and I didn't want to take that room because what if someone really needed it. Anyways, so the Venezia tower is closest to the check in desk... but far from everything else!! The check in girl lured me in by stating there was a private entrance, lobby, pools... and she had a pool view room for me... while that was all true, it is very inconvenient! I tried the room not know how much walking I would have to do and what a maze it was. To get to the rooms here, you take 2 elevators. One takes you to that building and other takes you up to the rooms. You go into the first elevator... get off, then walk a long ways down to the next elevator. While the walk is pretty (you walk through the wedding area), it's kind far, especially if you have a lot of stuff. It is also here where Buchon is located. Like the girl said, there is a more private pool area here, and this one is open year round. My friend and I checked out the pool area, but did not swim because it was cold, but we saw people in the jacuzzis, maybe the water was warm? I felt the water in the pool and it did not feel cold though. Buchon overlooks the pool area. As far as the rooms... for some reason, it felt smaller to me. Maybe it was the decor? I like the rooms on the Palazzo side better because it's very easy to get to from the parking/elevators and the rooms are a tad bit bigger. Anyways, like I said, I'm spoiled and like the rooms here, so I was disappointed to see only 2 TV's in these rooms instead of the 3 that are in the other rooms! There is no TV in the bathroom. I like to have the music channel on while I'm getting ready! The beds also felt smaller. I'm thinking they were full beds and not actual queen beds... Another thing the rooms here lacked compared to the other rooms was remote controlled curtains!! The rooms in the main Venetian tower and Palazzo have buttons you can push to open and close the curtains as you desire. I was not happy seeing a small sofa bed couch instead of the sectional one as with most of the other rooms. Yes, I so sound spoiled lol. Trust me though, the room in the Venezia tower IS nice, and yes much nicer compared the other hotel rooms on the strip... and the Venetian is my favorite hotel and having stayed here many times in the main tower and Palazzo, compared to those rooms, this room didn't compare. If you were to have a wedding here however, then these rooms would be more ideal as you don't have to walk around the casino and the rooms are in the same area. I think from now on however, I will book the Palazzo side. It's just much easier and closer to the parking/elevators! I guess I shouldn't complain much though... my room was completely comped for the weekend, no resort fees even, lol. The housekeepers were friendly and did an excellent job, cleaned around the same time each day so we always came back to a fresh room.
5	Venezia is, in my opinion, the best tower at The Venetian. Bouchon is here, and the rooms have some of the best views, especially of the world's tallest observation wheel and the east side of the valley. Five stars!
5	This hotel is great.   I like the three TVs, the sunken den, the bathroom and pretty much everything here.  It is better than the Hard Rock hotel and Palms Place (my last two visits).  This is the best hotel that my wife and I have visited in Vegas.  I will have no problem staying here again.
3	I didn't realize at the time of the booking we would be staying in an Italian themed tower, with a French styled restaurant, and that to get to my room I would need to navigate an English inspired maze or to find my chariot again would require 3 elevators. Room was quite nice. Bathroom was very nice. Don't touch anything or they will bill you. I'm glad we paid less than 40% of the normal rate.
3	The room was beautiful and large but the Venezia tower is an absolute maze to get to. You have to take 2 elevators and walk through 2 very large lobby areas after wandering through a meandering casino. On each elevator ride, without fail, a new group would enter and exclaim how confusing the layout was. If you've been drinking any, be prepared to wander around, lost, for a bit. It is very close to a Walgreens which came in handy for affordable beverage and snack options. Also, if you love the North side of the strip, this is a great location! We prefer to be in the middle of the strip so it's not so much walking to The Mile Shops and Caesars. The bed was very hard but the bedding was great. Beautiful, spacious bathroom and dressing area. If you want a nice room in the North end, this is a great option. However, if you'd like to be center to the strip action, choose Paris or one of the other centrally located hotels.No in room coffee pot... HUGE negative for us.
