4	i was a feeling a little abandoned in creepy town phoenix this morning - i just didn't know what to do with myself and had a weird experience at the mall...but it was getting to lunch time and i had no clue where to go so i stopped in at the library, got online and found this TJs. Thank god for Trader Joes! seriously.This location is small but it felt like the aisles were a little wider and i just wanted to skip through ripping everything off the shelves.  you know how seeing a familiar face in a strange place makes you feel.  thank you Joe Joe for saving the day. The staff was also very friendly not just with me, but everyone who was shopping there. maybe they're getting four stars because i was so hungry and alone, but damn it, they're worth it!
5	I must first admit, that I love Whole Foods like no other. Or at least I thought I loved Whole Foods, until I discovered Trader Joe's. I love tasty vegetarian/vegan food, but find the long drive to my closest Whole Foods a pain. Also, why do I feel the need to dress up to go there? Hmm.....Back to the Trader:This particular store is quite tiny, so I was amazed to find that everything I had on my list was available. Hummus? Check! Non-meat deli slices? Check! Dish soap and sponges? Check! (I will stop here because my list was quite long) The prices are incredibly low, which could be attributed to the fact that all their products are "Trader Joe's" brand. I was asked by multiple staff members if I needed help  finding anything, which was a delight and very helpful on this particular shopping excursion. The frozen food aisle has so many tasty choices that I feel the need to buy another freezer before my next shopping trip. I love that due to the small size, my grocery shopping took about half the time it would have had I gone to any other regularly sized grocer. My favorite thing about Trader Joe's is that they have the most wonderful wine at the most wonderful prices.  Pinot Noir for less than $5? Heck yeah!
1	I'm writing this review mainly to say that this location is now CLOSED.Which is quite sad, not to mention perplexing, why TJ's would close one of their best-stocked and busy TJ's in the valley. Not a good move, in my opinion to force West Phoenix customers to drive either out to Arrowhead, 20th st/Camelback, or various other locations in Tempe and Scottsdale.Bad business decision, in my opinion.
