5	These guys are great.  I had a massive dent in one of my chrome wheels from a really bad pot hole.  They repaired the wheel and remounted / rebalanced the tire within one business day and it was $135 for everything.  I thought I was going to be spending $800 on a new wheel.  They will even come and pick up the damaged wheel from your house or work if needed.
5	One of the alloy wheels on my 2008 BMW was badly gouged by a "cowboy" tire shop, and looked beyond cosmetic repair.  I happened upon this business through a review in Car and Driver magazine.  They work mainly with car dealers but also offer their services to the public.  The people could not have been more charming and the service was incredible.  The damage was too severe for their mobile service, so they took my wheel into their shop overnight and delivered it the next morning.  It is like a new wheel!  All for $125.  Highly recommended!
5	These guys are great ! Timothy is a great guy and a straight shooter. Excellent customer service and top quality work! True pros who have been doing this a long long time! My wheel was curbed pretty bad, they tig welded it and you can't even tell it had been damaged. Plus my wheels are black and they did a great job with the paint finish as well. Mounted, balanced and back to new in a very short time considering the work. Check their web site to see all the stuff they do. Highly highly recommended. Saved me $1200 instead of buying 1 new wheel. Amen
5	They fixed some pretty badly damaged porsche wheels that were no longer available for replacement and people wanted over $4000 for a used set. They were very easy to work with and had them repaired and re powder coated in one business day. I picked them up mounted, balanced and ready to put back on the car. I don't know what i would have done without them. I will definitely be using them again for any of my wheel repair needs.
5	We had an outstanding experience with AWRS.  Tim did a great job of laying out the options and scheduling our wheel repair.  Since the location of their shop on Rose Garden was convenient, we ended up taking the car there and leaving it overnight. While this was a little more involved than using the mobile repair, it was totally worth it. All four wheels needed cosmetic repairs, and they were able to use their pretty impressive equipment to return the wheels to perfect condition -- while also applying a mat black powdercoat finish to our silver wheels. They now look fantastic -- the black finish is a great custom touch for no incremental cost.  Everyone there was great to deal with. I will certainly go to them with any wheel issues in the future.
5	Fixed my bent 19" wheel when no one else could! It's now straighter and better than a new one and it was done in a half an hour! These guys are good!
