3	I don't often find my way to sporting goods stores.  It's probably because we have so much stuff already.  So when I end up at Dick's, it is because I'm looking for something specific.  But this place is so large, I usually need help finding it.Sure, they have sections where you can narrow your search, but you'll often need help really getting down to the nitty-gritty.  That's where it can be problematic.  It's like the old problem of having everything in the world - where would you put it?That's the issue here.  They have all sorts of stuff, and have (apparently) figured out where to put it.  You just can't find it.  And often, you can't find someone to help you find it.  If you do, you're typically okay.
3	I come here every once in a while to pick up some sports items.  Mostly tennis balls and some fitness gear/clothing.  This place is rather large and expansive, offering a lot of selections in shoes, brand names, gear for the popular sports... so get ready to walk around a bit if you are shopping around or looking for something specific.My last visit here wasn't particularly great.  It seemed like the store was undergoing a re-organization so there was a whole section that was in disarray and/or moving somewhere else.The staff that work here seem to be mostly high-school students... You get what you pay for I guess.... they can be helpful at times, but sometimes they can be wrapped up in their own work-life dramas and interpersonal relationships.  This is just by observation as I saw these two girl cashiers gossiping about one of the other employees or the managers while I waited in line for forever.
1	This Dick's used to have excellent customer service. I don't know what changed, but they don't any more.  In fact, the people who work there are now kind of...Ok, well, perhaps that joke is a little TOO obvious.Seriously, though. I don't care how much cool stuff you have or how awesome your sales are.  If I ask you if you have a shoe in a certain size and you answer "probably not" and walk away without even looking at me, I won't be buying anything from your store.Well, I suppose this is why they invented Zappos.
5	I like this location, there's always someone to help you and answer any questions. Besides I love to have this store close to home.
