4	It's super-cute fashion at totally affordable prices. If you like Forever 21 and Charlotte Russe, you'll really like Hottie. While the first thing you'll notice is the club gear, and it's great club gear, continue browsing and you'll also find stylish pieces to wear in the office. Like the aforementioned retailers, the styles at Hottie are very trendy (think Juniors) and the sizes only accommodate up to a size 12, at most. But, those young enough (or young-looking enough) and small enough to shop at Hottie will thoroughly appreciate the opportunity to add trend-setting fashion to their wardrobe without breaking their budget.There are actually four Hottie locations in Las Vegas: Grand Canyon Target Center, Maryland Parkway, Silverado Ranch and Boca Park.
1	I've been to this Hottie several times, and not ONCE have I had any sales associate greet me or acknowledge me or my friends. We could literally be in there (and have literally been in there) for 30mins before a sales associate even glances at us. Not only is their customer service TERRIBLE, but I have been in retail and customer service for 5 yrs+ and was an assistant store manager and they are by far one of the unfriendliest stores I've been to. Also were speaking about other employees to employees and in front of customers. One girl talked loud enough so someone across the store could hear her, I don't know her name but she had red hair and the only person who finally helped us was an African American girl, taller... with colored braids. I didn't catch her name, but its HER I thank... the rest of the employees need some hard work.
4	Love the clothes!
4	This is my go-to store for what I call "one-hitter-quitters".  Very cute and sexy club clothes, quite reasonably priced, but by no means high quality that will last for years.  They definitely cater to the younger crowd, but have a pretty good selection of everything from club tops, to dresses, to bottoms, to accessories, to shoes.  Items generally range from $15-$60.The staff and customer service is a bit hit or miss- some days, they'll be very friendly and helpful, while others, you'll get barely a hello, but for the price, I don't expect a personal shopper.They do have a rather strict return policy- no cash/credit card returns, only exchanges within 7 days, and not on "fancy" dresses, tops, or sale merchandise.For clubwear without breaking the bank, definitely check out Hottie!
2	EVERY TIME I come in here; the service is horrible.  The last time I walked in, I had to acknowledge the girl that worked there.  She was walking to the front to put some clothes away when I was walking in.  And when I was ready to pay, I walked up to the register and said "hi, how are you?". That has never happened to me; where I have to say "hello" first?The clothes they have there is not that bad and the prices are ok.  But, I always have to remind myself not to go there because of the service.
4	Got a super cute lacey dress. $12 . Love the sale racks.... And finally found the boots i've been searching for. !
5	Love this place!!! :)
4	I had driven by this store several times and never stopped in thinking it looked kinda young for me. Well out of desperation for trying to find a club dress I stopped in and I'm happy I did I got my whole outfit here the dress the clutch and the jewelry and I would have gotten shoes but I already had some. I really like this store the have age appropriate clothes for women in there twenties and early thirty's. They have a variety of different clothes shoes and jewelry for reasonable prices. I will definitely be returning here to do some major shopping.
3	I have been in this store 5+ times now and I have never actually purchased anything... It isnt because the prices are not fair... It simply is because it seems hit-miss with clothing styles. Its a great place to find cute cheap club clothes. The styles usually do not match my taste. I honestly would prefer a quailty Bebe dress over these styles. But I can say that I have seen dresses on my friends that they have purchased here that are to die for. :)
4	I was on my way to Target and spied this store - decided to browse, see what's up!Merchandise is neatly organized for easy browsing and staff is friendly, helpful.  Lots of trendy styles, not all great quality but perfect to wear for one season or if you are desperate for an outfit for clubbing. Definitely for ages 17-30's. They have a great buy on human falsies - can't wait to try them!  They do have really nice casual, graphic T shirts and a wide selection of denim shorts! I would definitely go there of I don't want to pay a bundle for an outfit on short notice.
