4	630pm on Valentines Day. We had made reservations at a resaurant downtown, but wanted to eat with our fellow gays in the Village. Cut to us hopping on the metro to Gay Town! After spending a good 30min walking around trying to pick out a restaurant that A) had openings and B) didnt offer a V-Day menu we were famished and still at a loss. Seriously though, who searches for a restaurant ON V-Day? Anyway, from across the street we see the blue walls of Tabla. Walking in, I saw the typical pictures of all the Hindu gods/blue people, mixed in with the odd decor that is usually hung up at all indian restaurants. I am beginging to think that every Indian restaurant across the WORLD orders interior design elements from the same place. As we sat down, I was scared we were going to get mediocre indian fare to match the odd interior. Boy, was I wrong! I have had some pretty amazing indian food throughout my time, but this...THIS had to have been some of the best.We started with dahl and samosas and a killer bottle of wine. We then had tandoori chicken(which came with a pile of spiced rice) saag aloo which was not the overly cooked spinach mass with a few potatoes typically seen, and some chicken dish in a spicy tomato sauce. As I was licking my plate clean, I realized Tabla was the perfect impromptu V-Day dinner. Much better than spending 85 dollars per person on a set menu of just "ok" food.
4	17h30 on a Jazz Fest Sunday.  I wanted to go to the Buffet Samrat  for Indian cuisine, but it was closed and slated for redevelopment.  The window recommended Restaurant Tabla on Ste. Catherine Street, off the Beaudry subway station.  If you mention the Samrat, they will give you a 15% discount.The place was deserted, but soon began to fill, those Montrealers not being in a hurry on a weekend.Attractive decor, with batiks (I believe) of various Hindu deities.  Some banquettes available along the wall, and a patio in the summer.The table d'hote, starting at CDN $12.95, comes with your choice of appetizers; I chose onion bhaji and a quality mixed salad.I had a Taj Mahal beer as accompaniment, and as is the norm with Indian restaurant beer, it was decent but forgettably unobtrusive.Served with a huge portion of rice, done to perfection, topped with something deliciously crunchy (forgive me, as I was distracted).I ordered mushrooms, peas (beans) and cashews, served in a creamy orange sauce.This was the finest Indian cuisine in memory, and I eat Indian regularly. Not highly spiced, but tasty and well-prepared, even fussy (parsley dustings around the edge of the plate).  Real linen on the table.  Large and heavy cutlery.  Shmancy, in other words.  And a welcome choice in an ethnic range which relies on the tried, though tasty, and true.
2	I used to order take-out from this place nearly twice a week for a couple of months. Unfortunately delivery went from an average of 45 minutes to over an hour. One night delivery was nearly two hours long. Despite this I still continued to order, until one incident where they charged me for rice that was supposed to come with the meal. The top menu clearly stated that the chicken korma came with basmati rice, however when the driver came to my door (I had prepaid with my credit card over the phone) I noticed I was charged over $3 for the rice. I called and told them it was supposed to be included and I wanted them to refund my card. The man on the phone was extremely rude and told me I didn't read the menu correctly. 5 minutes later he finally pulled up top menu, and noticed that it did in fact say it came with rice. He said that the next time I ordered he's give me a free samosa. I said that I order there frequently, and the last time it took 2 hours for my food to arrive he promised a free samosa that never came. I was adamant at getting my $3 refunded and did not drop the issue. They did in fact refund the card after over 10 minutes of arguing with the rude man on the phone. They have burned this bridge. There are plenty of other indian restaurants in my neighborhood.
4	Very nice, tasty and fast service.  Try the lamb, juicy tender, lots of rice and nan bread!
2	The place may have a really nice ambiance, deco, looks nice, and have a pretty looking menu, but when it comes to the food, it's just an average place serving Indian cuisine with jacked up prices. I can't fault them for the prices because almost all restaurants on this strip in the Gay Village are such and tend to target the tourist market. If you know Indian food then you'll know that the food is not prepared in an original Indian manner but its more Bangladeshi style which makes sense given the fact that those who run this business are Bangladeshi.  The appetizers and some curry dishes are alright but items such as Biryani misses the mark. In terms of service, the wait staff is somewhat friendly but they lack in checking in when you need them to. I noticed that they tend to mingle around the bar area for their chit-chat and bonding. One odd thing that they did is that they made us walk over to the bar area when we wanted to pay with a credit card, instead of running our card through the system and bringing a slip for us to sign, like every other restaurant does. I can say that I tried this place but it's not my favorite and I doubt I'll be returning unless I'm chased down the street and I need a place to hide and blend in with my people! :-)
1	Hands down the worst Indian food I had in Montreal. Service is TERRIBLE. It took em over an hour to bring our food out. The food isn't good at all. Don't bother going hereFood -  MehService - TerribleAmbiance - Ok Worth the money - No
