4	Had my oil changed there this morning... Took about 20 minutes, and they honored a coupon that wasn't even theirs! Quick and friendly service. They tried to sell me stuff, but don't all these auto places do that? Overall, good experience. Waiting room was hot, no AC.
5	I've had all the work on my car done here.  They've been nothing but straight up with me and fair with pricing!
1	We already had the car diagnosed from another mechanic, but they were all the way in Gilbert.  So, we looked up to find another nearby and found C & R.  We made an appointment and told them what needed to be fixed.  They told us that the previous mechanic didn't know what he was talking about and said they'd take care of it.  LONG story short, they finally did what we had originally told them to do on the THIRD time bringing the car in.  Total scam.  I would never recommend this place to anyone and have filed a formal complaint.
2	This is a family operation that I had used for nearly 10 years. The father was always professional and fair-priced, but he turned it over to his sons--I believe they are his sons. One son is easy to deal with, but the other son is the reason I no longer go here. I had a car they had serviced for years and they told me they had no clue what was wrong with it. Shocking, as they had worked on this car for years. Took it elsewhere and it was immediately repaired. Shame when a business changes and quality goes down.
2	New tires and alignment took a day and a half!  The shop managers for the most part were unapologetic and very quick to throw each other and everyone else under the bus because with each one I talked to, they admitted it was taking too long, but it wasn't their fault.  Luckily it wasn't a huge inconvenience, but the blame game was what really bugged me along with their overpromising and underdelivering...when I checked in on the first day, they said they "weren't leaving until it was finished." An hour later when the shop was closing, I was told it needed two more hours worth of work and they'd call me the next morning. Disappointing!
1	C and R used to provide good service but I can't say that anymore. They messed up on changing my bettery, never tightened the bolts and I almost stalled in traffic. I finally did stall and they told me something else was wrong with the car, til it was towed to the shop and they realized it was their mistake. Also, our rear window was broken and they checked the fuses and charged me $100 to rip apart our back door. Onlt to tell me that the mechanism is broken and it'll be $850 to replace.....oddly enough my husband fiddled with the wires and its as good as new.Do NOT give them your business....horrible in everyway.
1	I came in to this place for just an oil change. I had a free oil change card from a friend that gave it to me. This location was out of my way but it was AAA certified and it was a free oil change so I thought why not. I showed up when they first opened at 7 am with an appointment. They told me it would be an hour and a half. Most oil changes I've had took no longer than 45 minutes and I was the only car there! After about 30 minutes I get a call saying that my serpentine valve was cracked and it needed to be replaced. The serpentine valve is a usual maintenance on my car around 120k but my car only had 90k on it. They quoted me $117. Not what I was hoping for with my free oil change. I gave them the go ahead but asked that they keep the part so I can have it when they were done.When my car was finished and I went to pick it up they tried not giving the part to me. When I demanded it they went and got it and when they presented it to me they tried showing me right away the damage to it. The "crack" was typical wear and tear and it was very clear that it didn't need to be replace. The guy who gave me the part even suggested I keep it as a spare part. If it's still able to work as a spare part then there shouldn't have been any reason to replace it. There was absolutely nothing wrong with my valve and based on the look on the guys face he knew that it didn't need to be replaced either. With taxes it ended up being $130. I felt completely robbed when I left. What should have been typical maintenance, 45 minutes, and a free oil changed ended up costing me 2 hours, and $130. I will settle for paying the $25 for an oil change somewhere else than give these people any more opportunities to get more money out of me than necessary.
5	C&R Tires saved me last week! I run an Air Conditioning in Arizona and had a truck needing tires immediately in MAY! We were jam packed and C&R Tires got the truck in ASAP, and repaired and back on the road in less than an hour! Amazing service at a reasonable price! The team of North Valley Mechanical thanks you! Stay Cool!
5	C&R Tire is hands down the best tire shop/ auto shop around!  The entire team is very honest and will do everything that they can to offer you the best deal available!  All the same services as the big chains but with a personal touch.  I encourage everyone to give these guys a shot!
5	Tracy is a great new manager. She is prompt in handling my concerns and goes out of her way to make sure I'm satisfied. I'm very happy with the customer service I received at C & R Tire on Raintree.
5	Was calling all the national chains and some were charging for labor, some just didn't have my size of tires and some were just too corporate for my taste. Found this local chain on the internet and it turned out to be a great decision. Got two ties for $125 each and a discount on an alignment. They also offer 10% off with AAA membership. Tracy at the front desk was super helpful and shop guy I dealt with also was friendly. Everything was accomplished in about 60 minutes and even got to change the TV remote to my preferred station. Tracy also gave me a tip about about a future repair and that should save me money as well. Very good place.
5	C&R Tire is an amazing shop with friendly, professional people.Last night I noticed a screw in my tire. I managed to limp home on my donut, but knew it would not be safe to drive down the highway to work this morning.I found C&R online and noticed they opened at 7. At 6:45 I called and Tracy picked up, helping me to find the shop. From the get-go she was extremely friendly and I felt like I would be in good hands.When I arrived, they quickly got me up and running in about half an hour. The friendly people at C&R even put my donut back in the car and secured all of my parts that I had out when I jacked the car up last night. These are great people doing a great job. I will be back every time I need work done with the car.
5	Long story short, I will return even though they are far from me personally because they actually as of now deserve my fleet business.
5	I love and care about about my car, but I'm not exactly a savant about the mechanical aspect of it. This is often what worries me about taking my car to a auto shops, as I could get swindled and be none the wiser. However, my two experiences here make me feel 100% confident in quality and honesty of the service they provide.First visit was simple--I ordered some tires online, and they were a verified shipping/install provider and it went perfect. Brought it back for my 40k service, and they looked up and explained what is typically included on my vehicle then called me back when it was done.  They even rechecked my alignment and rotated the tires for no charge since I guess a 1yr service for those things was included with the tire install they did.
5	I've been going to C&R Tire for about 2 years now, I have a small fleet of vehicles for my car service, Black and White Limo, and C&R has kept them on the road for the past 2 years.  Being a small new company, we don't have tons of money to spend on costly repairs.  C&R won our business by being less expensive than their competitors, especially when it comes to tires (cheaper than Discount Tire).  They also get the job done in less time then any other shops we have been to. Their lifetime warranty on most parts and service is unmatchable and invaluable for our business.  Thankfully they do such a good job, we haven't had to have any of the same repairs done more than once.The current manager at this location, Jeff, is a great guy, easy to work with and always has the customers best interest in mind. C&R won't lie to you and tell you that you need crazy expensive services right NOW like lots of shops do.  If they notice something, they will tell you about how long you have until you would need that service for sure so you know and you can save up your money.I have had the privilege of meeting both the owners and working with them on several occasions when they stop into this location, both are awesome.  This company truly cares about their customers and will not rip you off.  Take your next service to them, you won't be disappointed.  They have earned a customer for life, even though we have moved further away, it's still worth the drive.
5	This place is great!  Excellent service!  Quick and great customer service. Reasonable prices too. I highly recommend it. They will take very good care of your car.
