2	Tonight was my 2nd or 3rd time at this location. Its part of a Texaco gas station and has a drive thru. I ordered at the counter because I needed gas anyway. Tuesday night is their 99 cent leg and thigh special so I got one of those. I also saw a sign for a 2 pc mixed and a biscuit for 2.49. I asked what the pieces were for that combo and the cashier told me Breast and wing, so I ordered one as well. Well I got home and had 2 legs and 2 thighs in my bag along with a biscuit.  Did some quick math, and 2 of the 99 cent specials + 89 cents for a biscuit would of only set me back 2.87 instead of the 3.48 I was charged for the same thing.  Anyway, the chicken was pretty greasy. I've had better from the SW location near where I moved from. I will probably return at some point because it's right across the street from where I work and it's an easy stop otw home without going out of my way at all. They have good prices and a special everyday, so it's fairly economical.
4	2 pc. chicken for $.99 on Tuesdays! I love their food fresh off the fryer. When it sits under the heat lamp for so long the meat becomes rubbery. Thats why its best to go on their busiest day - Tuesday! Chicken will be hot and yummy!
3	Most of my visits to this place is because it is on my way home. I have been inside once and it was okay. Small because it is connected to the gas station.Most of my visits are through drive thru, on Tuesdays, catching the Tuesday special. Lines in the drive through can be long, but are mostly always fast. Sometimes the guy in the drive thru is not the most friendliest, I guess he is trying to be fast and efficient.Make sure you check your order. I got spicy one time when I ordered mild. But other than that my chicken is always fresh and delicious.
1	I CAN'T be certian but i'm almost POSTIVE I got sick for over 24 hours from this POPEYES went in side and saw a cock roach on the wall and I was so hungry I still ate the food and got SICK! Also the bathrooms were a shit show LITTERALLY! EW DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS POPEYES!!!!!!
2	Employees are nice and the food is good but service is VERY slow. Expect a wait for your food and don't be surprised if something is missing or wrong about the order. As the only chicken place in the area, it's tolerable, but would not recommend unless you're desperate for chicken.
3	Fast and friendly service. Came here for their Tuesday special and there were 10+ people in front of me. I expected at least a half hour wait (because I usually wait forever even though it's not that busy), but I was in and out of there in TEN MINUTES!  Aaaaand they have a drive-thru. Definitely coming back to this location if I ever want Popeyes. As for their chicken, tastes like Popeyes chicken! And if you want to compare, I prefer Popeyes chicken and mashed potatoes over KFCs. Not to mention they also have popcorn shrimp that's not bad to munch on.
3	Yummy food! Which is the main thing.Negatives- crowded dining area and wait line.I asked for sauce ahead of time didn't get any. When I went up to ask for some they where extremely stingy about it. I asked for two of two different kinds (4 total) and I got three and a dirty look instead. I didn't like the sweet spicy sauce at all it tasted very fake syrupy. Customer service could deff. be better! Food was good.
1	Okay went here again tonight and just rude rude rude people working up front. Also they where mopping the floors and cooking at the same time... the floors where just drenched in water like a huge mess where everyone was still standing and working and cooking food. I got mashed potatoes and then then my friend goes to place her order and they say they are out of mashed potatoes. And then I ask if I am getting the old ones...? She says no, but when I get home- they taste very very salty and sort of dry. They never want to give you more than one sauce and if you don't ask for any, they won't ask you if you want any- you get 0.Nobody was paying any attention it seems like a bunch of young people hanging out and not even caring at all about their jobs. They need to fire everyone there... it was a mess tonight. I will NOT be going back ever again.
1	The service here is horrible and always a long wait. The workers are always talking and being obnoxious. They're perception to a customer  is always received as an unfriendly one and they seem put out if they have to re do something. They talk more than they help, and I swear they're always getting orders wrong. I love Popeyes but this location is such a dread to order from but I go to because it's close to me. I wouldn't recommend this location, as the customer service is poor.
1	Service was slow. Staff acted like they didn't care. Received my 5 PC tenders still raw. I love their food but could deal without their attitude. 20 minute wait for my family to get our food. With a wait this long you would think that our chicken would be cooked through. Popeyes corporate needs to visit this store. We were the only people in the store and had to wait, 7/14/2014 @ 6pm.
2	Food is always good. No question. So, when the new beer battered chicken was showcased as the feature item, I made a special trip to try it. I was very disappointed to hear that they were all out. The server told me they were really good. I asked for a rain check. Whatever happened to rain checks? The girl just laughed and said 'no'. I was serious. Why not? It's the featured item. So bummed but I got the blackened chicken which was still good but I can't help but to wonder what the beer battered tasted like. Ugh... Do I have to go back again to try it? Sad face.
1	Where do I start?  If there's any review you ACTUALLY read, let it be this one! ONLY reason I came here the few times I did was because it is on my way home!  This place is HORRIBLE! Never again. The PEOPLE. The food, inside the building looks dirty!  They talk to each other more than anything, do not even bother to say hello to anyone coming in, the person at drive thru talks like it is our fault they works at Popeyes, always sound so irritated. The food here, is always cold, old and obviously sits there for a while. They have conversations in front of customers that should not be happening at the moment. My boyfriend came in here one time and actually argued with the cashier about his food being cold and she argued back like no it wasn't. She ended up saying the cops will be called, so guess what?  My boyfriend called the cops himself and they told him they do not respond to restaurant complaints, OBVIOUSLY. So the manager came out and asked What's wrong, my boyfriend explained. He looked at the cashier & asked her why didn't she just give him some new fresh food? Same thing he was wondering. It's HORRIBLE SERVICE, FOOD & A business horribly ran. It's worth it to drive to the next nearest one because this one is not worth a cent!
