5	Wow the store has loads of departments!  Atrs and crafts, wall decor, storage, cake decorating, home decorating, home decors, kids toys, cushions and and the list goes on.I went on it's opening day so the car parked was hysterically busy but managed to find a space and it didn't take me over 5 mins.  The wholes that appear whilst Big W was there have been filled in thankfully.This sore is huge but manage to get around fine although it was insanely busy but not problem at all.  I seemed to answer two questions to fellow customers that I could answer - bizarre but hey!  One was about pens that i had used before and they were for rendering (fashion, interiors, exteriors etc)  and the other one answer was a stool i found in ikea and me and this women needed one because we are too small to reach the top shelves in our kitchen ha ha.I found a cake decorating aile, oh man perfecto!  As some of you know I own a cake business so hence I lile these things so so just had a looooong look at the products that were on offer.Service was very quick, friendly and efficient and the queues eased off because of this.Happy days!
5	This place is awesome. I think it might actually LITERALLY have everything!It is basically a huge warehouse full of everything and broken up into sections; Christmas, storage, crafts, bedding, kitchen, sofas, etc.It is fairly cheap and cheerful so I would go there expecting to find something that will last you for years but if you're moving house or need a few bits and bobs then this is definitely somewhere you should consider for your first port of call.They even sell fake stuffed reindeer heads and cuddle chairs!
4	The Range is, for us golden oldies, is the Woolworths of the modern age. You youngsters won't remember good ole Woolies, since replaced by gaudy B&M stores and such like. I bought the best mugs and garlic presses out of Woolies, they are still with me now, having outlived more expensive kitchen fancies bought in finer stores. Anyhoo, The Range satisfies my love for roaming around massive warehouses packed full of things you never thought you would need but Must Have Now. For me, it was a vegetable scrubber in the shape of a potato (other vegetable options are available). It defines Cheap and Cheerful in a big way. The pet section was decent, and prices definitely undermine others in the area, so it will be a definite stop on the way home for us when we need new supplies. However, if you need paint, fabric, kitchen utensils, or a board game for the kids, The Range has it covered. The perfect shop for students and the budget minded alike.
