5	OkFor 25$ a month I think this gym is awesomeI've been a member of the fancier gymsHoweverI like that LA Fitness has lots of class options!Mat PilatesCyclingLatin FusionLove them!Is it the nicest super uber fanciest gym ever?  Nope.  Is it cheap and awesome.  Yep.
1	Let me explain myself before I start bashing. I do like this gym I liked the general manager eddie and most of the customer service has been fantastic. The price is great and its very conveniently located (for me)...So I am writing a more personal and lowly review because of experiences the people closest to me have had with this particular location. I have also spoken other people who work at LA FITNESS and I don't believe I am completely alone in my opinion. I don't mean for this to sound as harsh as it will, and I am sorry if I offend anyone but I am NOT taking this down.              Everything at LA FITNESS is great. Right?  Now from what I have seen most of the personal trainers are fantastic, they're great people who are really just trying to help you out. I mean that's their job right?                 So this review is specifically because of a few "Personal Training Managers" Who I find are offensive, lazy, egotistical and a little bit snobbish.(Yes I know I'm probably personally attacking a few people, but I am pretty pissed about this, so if you are reading this it is biased and I'm not denying it)  When I first signed up I was told that I would receive one free training with Jason, who is this like macho trainer who everyone wants to be with, and when you see him he's pretty good looking so I don't blame anyone. He calls a few days after I joined and he seemed like an okay guy, we set up a meeting a week later and that was that.              So I get a call a few hours before my scheduled meeting with Jason to reschedule because of a conflicting something or other. So fine we can't come to a day where we're both available and I don't book for personal training. I work better alone. I'm not kidding when I say this, the next time I spoke to him he was rude and seemed rather aggravated, like me trying to book for an appointment was too big of a deal.  He might have been having a bad day, I can forgive him for that.             So this is the part that hurts me personally, my mother recently joined, and she had prepaid for 33 sessions (which they messed up too, but she can deal with that and it's not supposed to be part of my review) She booked specifically for Jason, and instead of calling her put her with another trainer. Jason on the other hand is sitting at his desk on his phone with an LA FITNESS employee laughing and talking it up. Maybe it was important, maybe it wasn't but watching it happen sort of irritated me. My mother came up to me after her session and started telling me that her "new" trainer was telling her that her 33 prepaid sessions were expired, and Jason was off the phone soon. So my mother goes up to Jason and is asking if she could have a chance to discuss what is happening with her sessions.  He says "No this conversation is over, You've irritated me since I met you, I'm done with you"................ a personal trainer overheard the way this man spoke to my mom and she was appalled she gave us the names of other personal trainers and my mom has happily been visiting Robert for her personal training needs. I have met other people while at LA FITNESS who have had conflicts with Jason as well, so I do not feel so terrible about bashing him. I  am appalled, I am so livid I have not been back since, I am filing a grievance as will my mom and I don't have anything else to say
3	A new gym, at last! I had allays thought the grass is greener on the other side. And it was, in some ways.LA Fitness just purchased, Pure fitness allowing me to goto both clubs. After 8 years at the same gym I tried out a new to me LA fitness.IT was bright, clean, the equipment was newer than what I was used to and there are amenities like a basketball court, lap pool and racquetball.For 7pm it was also emptyish which I also appreciate.What I didn't like was that some of the equipment while newer was of a lower model than what I Was used to. And they don't have as many lines of machines, most of their equipment is cybex, I missed my free motion and kaiser machines. There is a now defunked juice bar counter, a barber (why I don't know) and a kids club here too.I thin I may use this in concert with my old pure fitness as that place just seems like home after 8 years despite the broken equipment (which I may be partly responsible for)
2	Eesh - I normally go to the gym in Tempe, so maybe that has spoiled me since it's brand new. This location looked big and drafty on the outside, and a little bit dumpy on the inside. I didn't really like how the cardio and weights were smushed together (I was staring at burly dudes pumping iron while doing an interval workout on the treadmill - not ideal) and the equipment was a old.I went there to attend the Body Plus class and I really enjoyed the instructor. She a a great routine and was super buff which is good for inspiration. But the sound equipment was broken and the poor thing couldn't even play music during a fast pace weights class that relies on counting. According to another gym member, it had been broken for a few days. I'm no AV expert, but you've gotta have someone to fix or replace fuzzy speakers in less than 72 hours, no? I'm glad I went to the class, but I'll just wait until 4:30 rolls around next time for the same class at my own gym.
3	First, I have to admit that I do not like LA Fitness. Their employee turnover is too high to feel like a neighborhood gym and their demographic is disproportionately meatcake-y. But then, that's LA Fitness...I like this location, though. It is sort of beat up but that makes it much better. It is rarely crowded, no matter the hour, and it seems to attract down to earth, friendly people just looking to get healthy.The bottom line: I'm serious about my workouts and I can go in, use the weights without too much of a fight, get a good workout without interruption, and leave.It's reminiscent of Average Joe's in the movie Dodgeball. If they'd replace one of the sales staff with a pirate, I'd probably give it one more star.
3	The cycle of life has inspired me to again pursue a more fit lifestyle.  There are lots of discount options available through my employer, so after visiting some of the choices available, LA Fitness won the challenge of convenience, hours and price.$25 a month, first and last to start, no start-up fee.  The locations near home (about 6 blocks away) and near work (also about 6 blocks away), I can follow my mood and either swim in the morning before or in the evening after work.  Today, I visited the location by work.  It is the location I went to start my membership. The locker room is big, ok sized lockers, kinda dirty on the floor and benches.My plan this round, based on age and life changes, has me getting back in aerobic shape by swimming, with an occasional weights workout to keep the physique balanced. This location has a clean pool, sauna, hot tub and steamroom.  The showers, however, not quite so nice.  Any time there is standing water in a shower, I become very concerned about how clean the place really is.  Beyond the single 5 minute transaction I had with the representative who started my membership, I have not seen or heard any comments about staff.Tomorrow, I will go to the location near home.
3	wow the equipment is old...but on the up side its never as full as some of the other ones in the area. rather use  old equipment that wait for a dirty one.
1	Thievery at its worst! My co-worker Carly was led to believe by Garrett Bias, a manager at this location, that she needed to get a voucher from her employer to get a discount (a complete lie because I never needed a voucher) and then proceeded to give her the run around about refunding her money. I am not exaggerating when I say that this Garrett guy called one of my friends a bitch, called his corporate office to tell them a whole different story of what happened to cover his rude ass (he called a very rude and unprofessional lady called Kaitlyn ID#1912043) and is still not willing to accept that he conned her out of her money and lied to her face about her contact. Be warned!
