5	This is such a cute salon. Very personal and comfortable. If you prefer a salon that makes u feel at home, this is the place for you! Great stylists and great service!
5	It's a great place to come and get your hair done very down to earth, I love it you must come and check it out!
5	I loved this place! It was 1/2 the price of anything on the strip and the women who work there are so nice and cool. They did a great job on my acrylic fills and the pedicure was relaxing and delightful. This is my new staple nail salon for when I come to Vegas.
5	I just moved back from NYC and needed a familiar cozy nail place. This cute spot delivered. I felt instantly at home the second I sat in the pedicure chair. Everyone wanted to make sure I was completely comfy. Found my go to! Score!
4	They came in to do my hair for my wedding on a Monday (which they are closed for) and it looked great! Thank you!
5	Wow! I'm so glad that I found this place it is amazing! I recently moved from Cali and randomly decided to dye my hair for the first time EVER (Blonde ombre) and very naively went to the first random salon I came across, boy was that a mistake!  They messed my hair up really bad, it was dyed unevenly, and completely fried. I decided to do my research this time and try to find a place on yelp that had good reviews.  Being a student on a budget, I also needed to find a place that was in my price range.  This place fit both criteria.  As soon as I entered the place I was greeted warmly and treated "like family". The ladies made me feel right at home.  Tammy did a great job with my hair.  My hair was very long (down to my butt) but since it was so dead I just wanted to start brand new and cut it short, around shoulder length (this was a very big deal to me considering I've never in my life had short hair)  I was very nervous but Tammy and the other lady, i think the owner, made me feel safe and comfortable.  Tammy took her time and really listened to what I had to say.  After the cut I thought it couldn't get any better.  I was wrong!  I was informed on their deep conditioning treatment.  I decided to do it and so happy I did.  It turned the icky bronze color I had to the blonde I wanted and made my hair feel smooth and healthy again.  I absolutely love my hair and have not stopped getting complements. Thank you Devine Salon!  I will definitely be returning!
5	Ebru and Tammy have always made me feel welcome. I got my Johnny B gel there and she always hooks me up! Great environment. Go here for the best!
5	This review is LONG overdue. I traveled to Las Vegas in August and was looking for a ombre style hairdo for my 13 y.o.  (The only reason I granted this wish is because she got straight A"'s )I was very nervous  since this would be my daughters FIRST hair color experience. I called  several places on the strip and the price quoted was $300-400!!!WHAT!!!I read the YELP reviews and called Devine Designs her price quote was $130.00. WHAT ?!!' Ms. Ebru was so friendly, I felt my daughter would be in GREAT CARING hands. Since she has also has children, I know she would be a great fit for my daughter and myself.My daughter was SO HAPPY with her hair and she looked lovely yet still age appropriate.Ms.Ebru also gave my daughter a lesson in hair care and answered all her questions about her new 'do.I can honestly say that in all my year of being a YELPER I have never encountered such a loving, caring, happy and genuine hair  professional .You will not be disappointed with her services and  her salon does amazing nail services too.OHH .. she also gave us a ride to the downtown Fremont area too since we did have a car.She is our new angelito of hair.Thank you Ebru
5	First time in Vegas and needed a quick haircut but didn't realize most shops close early here. The owner of this shop made time for me nonetheless and did a fantastic job on my hair cut and made me feel as if I was a regular. Definitely will see her when I return.
5	I am so glad I found this salon on yelp! Ebru was great she worked her magic and I love love love my hair. I've gotten so many compliments!  She gained a devoted client thats for sure!
