5	For the past ten years (ever since FunSports occupied the same unit), this place has been the one-stop shop for my biking needs.  From BMX at age 13 to road cycling in adulthood, SMC usually has what I'm looking for.  The prices don't really compete with larger chains like Performance, but they are reasonable and the service more than makes up for the difference.  When I was getting into road cycling, the guys at the shop were very helpful with selection, fit, and pricing.  A+!
5	SMC helped me a ton when nobody else knew what I was talking about in trying to order a part for my Specialized with aftermarket forks.  Out of 5 shops, the guy on the phone was the only one who knew exactly what I was talking about and told me he could special order them ASAP.There was an issue with the order that wasn't SMC's fault but they called me right away to let me know, and every time I called they were on top of it and got me a sitrep asap.When I did get the part everybody was super nice and apologetic (wasn't needed but nice anyways).As for bike selection... they have some of the best brands and no cheap crap - if you want the best you head to SMC.  It's cool because if you go in there you're already going wanting good stuff, not a $400 walmart bike so they take a lot of time with you and answering my tons of questions :)Very cool guys and girls over there... head in and check em out!
4	SMC is worth the effort.  The staff is helpful and knowledgeable.  Their bikes selection makes this shop a worthwhile stop when in the market for a new ride.  I shop here often because they carry the Specialized brand and I am growing the appreciate Specialized's products.
5	Note to self: Do NOT go mountain biking without a spare inner tube ... or at least a tire patch kit that actually works.Too bad I didn't get my own memo until I was X miles along Desert Classic Trail at South Mountain Park this past weekend. In fact, nobody in my party was equipped with a spare. And much to my surprise, none of the other hikers/bikers whose paths we crossed along the way were giving away inner tubes. So walk with my bike, I did. After short-cutting through a wash, we ended up pseudo-trespassing through an affluent gated community and emerging deep in the 'Tuk along Ray Road. (And let it be known to all the rich folks who were mean-muggin' us through the ginormous windows of their gihugeous custom homes as we strolled the streets of their enclave trying to find our way out ... we didn't want to be in there any more than you wanted us in there, so relax. Oh ... and thanks for your offers of help. NOT. Besides, I don't think my bike would fit in the back of your Bentley had your conscience got the better of you anyway.)After finding our way back to the real world, I used the handy dandy Yelp app on my phone to find that we were only about a mile away from a bike shop ... South Mountain Cycles. Sweetness! I can buy a new tube, maybe grab some lunch nearby, and then ride home along the arterials, getting there just in time to shower and then head to Brad E's Parka Pool Party in CenPho. Right on!And then I get to SMC only to realize that I am sans wallet. That's right. No cash, no debit cards, no wampum for which to trade for the giant rubber donut I need in order to salvage my Saturday. But the awesome gal who greeted me said not to worry. She empathized with my sorry plight and offered to, on behalf of all of the fine folks at South Mountain Cycles, "lend" me a tube so I could get home. I love this place! I took the opportunity to look around, as this was my first visit, and quickly discovered that this was a serious bike shop. The place was immaculately clean, the other reps I overheard helping customers were very friendly and seemed quite knowledgeable, and the place was jammed with a robust inventory of road bikes, mountain bikes, gear and accessories. It's a great shop; it really is.Back to Lindsey (I believe that was her name), my savior. She said that they were open until 6pm, and that if I couldn't get back that day to settle my debt, to try to make it in the next day by 3pm, as they were closing early in observance of the Super Bowl. My kind of place. All she asked was that I write down my name and number on a Post-it, so she had some recourse if I flaked out.It may not seem like much, but it was a tremendous gesture of customer service; the kind that will make me return to SMC when, in the not-too-distant future, I'm in the market for my next bike.I made it back before closing that day to clear my tab. I also purchased a few additional spares and had another look around the shop. Yep. It's solid. Well worth the trek to Ahwatukee if you're a true enthusiast.And truth be told, I actually wrote down Brad E's name and contact info on that Post-it note. Not so I could stick him with my $10 inner tube bill, rather, I was hoping that my incredible wit and charm would render it impossible for Lindsey not to pick up the phone and call. (I'm just looking out for a brother).But since Lindsey was conspicuously absent from Brad's pool party that night, and since I've yet to hear that Brad has received a mysterious call from a bike shop hottie, I am left to assume that my game is not what I thought it was. Brad, I am sorry. Just know that I had good intentions and that there are people out there who care, buddy. And there is a killer bike shop in the 'Tuk that must be checked out if you're in the market.
5	I have been moutain biking and road riding for the last 18 years and have dealt with many bike shops over those years and South Mountain Cycles is one of the best in regards to product and customer service!I just purchased a 2011 Stumpjumper EVO and they had the best price in the valley along with having a smokin deal where you would get a 15% of the purchase on a giftcard.  They even swapped out one of the tires, put carbon bars on which I ordered, and set the bike up to be tubless all without any additional cost.  Everyone there was super helpful and knowledgeable.  It's pretty rare to find a bike shop that carries a lot of high end bikes and product to also SPECIALIZE in customer service.
5	It's been over two years since my first review of SMC, I've since bought a new mountain bike from them and have had routine service there - and my review stays at a 5 star without question.I spent a lot of money there because they take the time to deal with my indecisiveness in dropping $3k. I had other options and I was shopping around including online but my decision came down to them. They're local, they ride the trails I ride, they're extremely experienced and knowledgable and seem to give a shit with my hundreds of questions I had in 26 vs 29, brain vs no brain, chassis geometry, this rear set with that shifter etc... like endless knowledge of everything they stock and more.It came down to ordering a brand new 2011 or taking the last 2010 upper model in the shop. After some talking I walked out with the more upgraded 2010 model. I got a great price, had it in-hands and didn't have to wait the 4+ months to get the new one and I was stoked.Recently I brought her in for routine maintenance, left it there after my ride on a sunday and was back in hands tuesday afternoon. It went in dirty and grimy - came out like a million bucks :) Like seriously as clean as the day I bought it... Anyways - they care, they have only the best bikes there and evidently the best help, and that is why I spend my money there and recommend them to you.Ride hard kids...
5	I've been coming to SMC for almost 4 years and can't say enough great things about it; however, I'll list a few tops attributes:1. Craig is the best wrench in town and also a hell of guy - I don't like anyone else touching my bicycles.2. They have a great selection of gear, bikes and accessories across all price points - If you are looking for a starter bike or just want to look at the lastest and greatest high end stuff- SMC is your place.3. The staff is incredibly helpful and welcoming.No other local shop I've been to can compete with the top notch service and long lasting relationships you find at SMC.  They ride the roads and trails.  They care about you and your bike.As you were.
5	This is a great, old style, neighborhood store.  It has been in the same place for years and has been my go to local store for about the last two years.  Forget Performance.  If you want truly knowledgeable people without any hint of snobbery, I suggest you try this place out.  They have great bikes, clothing and accessories and are really helpful if you need some extra information before making a choice.  Their wrenches are top notch as are the people who do their bike fittings.  I have already purchased bikes for my me and for my wife and hope to get another soon.If you want to go local or simply want a great bike store in the Ahwatukee area, look no further than SMC.
1	I have to agree with the people who gave this shop POOR reviews.  I too have lived in Ahwatukee for 15+ years and have gone to this shop many times in the past.  It seems they are getting worse and worse.  I will never go back and I would encourage you to do the same.  Although I have spent thousands of dollars at this shop on bikes and service, my recent experiences were TERRIBLE; both with the hip-hop, gangster looking "kid" up front "Dennis" and the owner who didn't want to "undermine" the incorrect information, bad attitude and poor customer service his novice front-man had been providing.  I purchased a Specialized FSR from this shop over the years along with many other parts, accessories and services for all of my family's bikes (all Specialized). I had not gone back in a while because the service had been getting worse.  But I figured it's 2013 and I'd give them another shot and try to support them.Yesterday I called to get prices on some basic work - replace a wheel, replace a couple tubes, etc.  Dennis asked me some questions and quoted me prices - very straight forward.  I loaded up my gear, my kids and headed to the shop.  Dennis (wearing his gangster hat, earrings and a bad attitude) looked and said "I quoted you the wrong parts",....he said it's going to be about $70 additional on top of what was only going to be about $70 anyway.  I proposed that since they quoted me the wrong prices over the phone and I just hauled all my gear and my kids over there, that we split the difference or make some kind of proposal to make it right.  I said I understand sometimes things get quoted wrong, but let's do the right thing, come to an arrangement we are both happy with and everything will be good.  I made a couple proposals and to each he said no, he will only charge me full price of all the misquoted items.  Some guy, apparently the owner, who never introduced himself to me or said he'd like to help, rather, he said he didn't want to undermine Dennis, started barking at me, saying "what, you never make a mistake? - you want me to do the work for free? - are we not allowed to make a mistake?  you can take your business elsewhere".  I said, really, you want to lose a long-term, loyal customer who has spent thousands of dollars in your shop because you quoted the wrong price and now you don't even want to try to come to an arrangement that will work for both of us?  I realize you don't want to lose money, who would,...but I'm sure we can come to some arrangement since you quoted me the wrong prices after I gave you all the information you asked for. He was not interested, kept his negative, poor service attitude and went back into the shop to work on a bike part.  I was shocked.  My little boys were shocked!  As we drove toward Curbside Cyclery and Javelina Cycles (trustworthy shops) to get the work done, my boys both said they could not believe how unreasonable they were at South Mountain Cycles and how impressed they were with me for talking nicely and trying to get it worked out into a win/win solution when the guys at SMC were such "jerks".  Pretty insightful for 13 and 11 year old boys (who also will never take their business to SMC as they grow up).***** I would recommend you AVOID SMC BIKE SHOP *****  The owner and his staff CLEARLY don't care about customer service, quality workmanship or doing the right thing (and reading the other reviews, I'm not the only one who has had the same experience - sure, you can buy a bike from them, they'll be happy to take your money for a sale,....but don't expect to be treated well regarding service or parts from there after).  I'd guess the positive reviews are written by their friends or employees.  There are several other shops here in Ahwatukee that are honest and quality.  Let's show SMC that we won't accept being treated poorly.  Let's take our business elsewhere and support shops that support our community and treat us with the respect we have shown them all these years that is obviously not reciprocated.  Check out all the negative Google reviews on this place.
