3	Nice atmosphere.   Food is pretty good.  Tried LoMein and Pad Thai this time.  Will return to try other dishes.
4	Saw a Groupon for this brand new sushi joint near Carolina Place mall. Seeing as I'm a sushi nut, I had to give it a try. It's a little off the road, but the sign on the building is noticeable.It has the best atmosphere of any sushi place I've been to - classy, comfortable, spacious, not loud. Very unique. Our server was friendly and attentive but a little jumbled, but we could tell she was just new. It was pretty empty for a Friday night, but I figured that's probably because they haven't been open long.On to the food. My partner and I ordered a Sky Roll and a Rainbow Roll. They came out pretty quickly. The fish on my Sky Roll was so fresh it literally melted in my mouth, and even the avocado was tasty. The fish on his Rainbow Roll didn't look as fresh, but he said it was still good. Beautiful presentation too (wish I had taken a picture). I got miso soup as a side - the tofu actually tasted like soy, which was refreshing, but the broth was a little too salty for my palate. Not bad though. The boyfriend got a side of steamed vegetables, which were honestly delicious and probably the freshest steamed veggies I've ever had at a restaurant. If they were frozen, coulda fooled me.They also have a unique sake list (and hot house sake if you ask for it). I picked up some cold unfiltered TyKu coconut sake, and I TOTALLY recommend it. Like alcoholic coconut milk - yum!Overall, cool, classy atmosphere and fresh, tasty food. Recommended for anyone looking to hit a new sushi spot. Don't let this one go out of business - it's a keeper!
3	We ate there on Friday for dinner, correctly thinking that being a new place it might not be crowded. Very nice decor, they've really changed it from the Tony Roma's that used to be there. Bang bang shrimp was excellent, fried pork pot stickers were very flavorful, although could have been cooked more.Lots of food on the entree dishes, I had Dragon and Phoenix, very nice (not exceptional), Deb was not impressed with her chicken dish. We don't do sushi, but the menu was extensive. A solid addition to the dining scene.
5	Unfortunately this place is huge which makes it look empty but the experience is great, especially with our waiter leading the show. You could tell he likes to guide people to what is fresh and delicious and he did that on this trip. The menu has every type of Asian food choices and sushi. He asked if he could bring us some sushi to start to earn our trust. He brought out white tiger roll which wasn't on the menu. Exquisite with shrimp, mango and white seaweed with a pair of sauces. Delicious. We also had the calamari which had a light tempura fry on it with Thai chili sauce, spot on. The bang bang shrimp was good but after that we just trusted our server with sushi choices. Next he asked us if we liked eel and we declined so he brought us out the Eptks roll minus the E for eel. Another night choice, smooth and creamy roll just melted in your mouth. After that we had a lobster tempura roll which was great with mango and then he brought a variety plate with a eye catching glowing blue  presentation which had white tuna sashimi  (best of the night) with red snapper and rainbow roll. With what looked like a slow Saturday night, I hope people find this place so we can keep going back. Thought the value was good with the plates he brought out averaging $2 per piece.
5	Great experience tonight at Sky. We tried the Bang Bang Shrimp and Calamari as appetizers, which were both very good. They calamari wasn't all breading and very flavorful, something other sushi places have trouble with. Our dinner companions ordered the Pad Thai and Kung Pao Chicken, which they were both immensely pleased with. My husband and I split two sushi rolls, the sky roll and the dynamite roll. Both were amazing and very flavorful with fresh ingredients. Even the small side of fried rice we ordered was memorable. I hope more people get turned on to this spot because it was relatively empty on a Sunday night. The ambiance and service was also very inviting and above average. Definitely check out this great new spot!
5	The sushi here is AMAZING.! High quality sushi every time. Very tasty selection of Maki/Big rolls. Tempura roll, Crazy Tuna roll, and Tuna Cube*** are a few of my favorites. Also, the service is always perfect and everyone is super friendly! Definitely a worth a visit if you enjoy sushi.This is my new go to sushi spot... LOVE IT!!
2	I guess our mistake was not getting any sushi.  Unfortunately with the bad taste on our mouth from what we ordered I don't think we will be coming back to try the sushi.  Place was empty so not sure why the kitchen couldn't have tasted the food.  We had a calamari for appt and that was the only think that was ok, not impressive but ok.  Portion was kind of small for the price.  My tempura vegetables were terrible.  No salt no flavor and way too greasy.  My husband had the teriyaki chicken, again not good.  My son had a cheeseburger from the kids menu, it look like it was a frozen bread and frozen patty put together.  My other son had the beef lo main (it was supposed to be the kids size) but was given an adult portion.  It was very salty.  None of us finished our food.  ;(   Our server seemed to rush us even though the place was empty.  Maybe it was because they were setting up for some kind of party or buffet.
5	Really gorgeous, just like the other reviews said.  Gorgeous bar - with tv perfectly lined up for viewing pleasure (the football game was on during the end of Panthers season  so that was a nice touch!). Great service - very peppy waiter that really wanted us to choose the right thing.Just overall a great experience and we will be back.
5	A friend and I ate dinner at Sky tonight and left impressed! The decor is inviting and laid back with good ambient lighting. We started with the server recommended appetizer of King crab with avocado sushi rolls. I'm not a big fan of sushi yet, so this was perfect for me to build my taste for it. It had a spicy creamy sauce on top that added nice pop. The only drawback was the price. At $15 it was too much for an appetizer, but it did come with 10 large pieces. For the entree I had the spicy Thai Red Curry with chicken and white rice. The portion size was large for $11. Definitely will have a nice lunch tomorrow. Everything was fresh and presented well. It came out perfectly cooked and hot. I wasn't sure what to expect as most curry I've had is more of a stewy sauce. This was not like that at all. It was balanced with the chicken and vegetables. More of a glaze, mildly spicy and nuanced. Very good. My friend had the Sweet and Spicy Thai Mango. It looked so colorful on the plate and had a unique sweet flavor. Also very good with enough to take home for lunch. Overall a great new Asian place. Great for a chill night out with the girls or date night.
4	I'm still a fan.....I got a Living Social deal for $12 for $25 and went last evening with Sweetie.Tuna Fire Ball is the most interesting roll out there in the Queen City!!! OMG YOU HAVE TO TRY IT!!! Trust me, I'm an expert.  We tend to stick with what we like so That's how we Roll, Salmon Levers and something else were all excellent.  The place was pretty full, and I know they have a Groupon, Living Social and Amazon Local deal going so I hope it keeps up.  This place rocks.  One thing though, our waiter was obviously a smoker and reeked of cigarette smoke.  So much so that our glasses when he placed them down on the table also smelled like smoke.  I smelled it as soon as he placed them on the table.  GROSS.  I asked for new glasses and told him the deal.  He obviously didn't get the hint that he needed to wash his freakin hands since the new glasses smelled also.  I am willing to overlook this since I love the food so much but that only flys for so long, you know?
3	Went for lunch, had the egg drop soup and the chicken lo mien, both were good.  My buddy had the lettuce wraps which were ok and the pad tai which had a funky smell to the dish.  He did not eat much of it and said he could not get over the odor.  I tried it and it did not taste bad but the odor was "ripe" and I would not eat it either.  I would tell people to give it a try but not the pad tai.
4	Even though I live a mile from Sky, I didn't even know it had opened (and that Tony Roma's had closed) til I saw their Groupon and tried to figure out where they were.  The fella and I ventured in on a Wednesday night - the evening of the great blizzard of '14 - and there were only a few cars in the parking lot.  Hmmm.The atmosphere is nice and still has a little Tony Roma's feel, but the service was fast and efficient, and the prices seemed pretty reasonable.  I also appreciated the '80s adult contemporary soundtrack - Christopher Cross, Peter Cetera, and Air Supply are alive and well at Sky, and I loved it.We started with the bang bang shrimp ($7), and I thought it was much better than Wan Fu's and pretty close to Bonefish, which is my favorite.  For dinner, I got the sweet and sour chicken ($10), and the fella - Mr. Sushi Snob - went out on a limb and got the Sky Roll ($13) and the Salmon Lovers Roll ($13) at the recommendation of all y'all who commented on how good their sushi was.  I braced myself for the inevitable monologue about how hard it is to find good sushi, and what do the Yelpers know, blah blah blah, but he actually really liked it!  This is as rare an occurrence as snow in Charlotte.  The s&s chicken was solid, but my favorite part was that the sauce came on the side instead of smothering the chicken like most places do it.  For our appetizer, two entrees, and two glasses of wine, it was $60, which was much more reasonable with the $25 Groupon.  I hope the light traffic tonight was because of the snow, and I hope Sky does really well here!
1	There should really be a Zero star option. Bizarre place. I really wanted to try this place out and like it. Little did I know this was going to be like a flea market. Granted it's valentines day, I wanted my food to go. Got there at 7:07pm, was told about 20 min wait. Ok fine - no problem, I understand it's a busy night. Fast forward - 7:55. No food. While I was waiting this is what I observed. Their iPad with reservations went dead. Now people are crawling in with and without reservations and have to wait the SAME time. It looked like an ant farm there. The hostess was hollering for names as if she was at the auction. Who needs loud speaker?! Her receipts where all over the place. She then decided to ask everyone for their name all over again. Wow that should be fun for the guests! At 815 I was no longer hungry, but irritated. When I came up to ask about the status of my order she asks: "What did you have again?" - and proceeds to take down my order all over again claiming that's just for her to put it together. Say what?!?! Another 10 min later I asked for a refund. And guess what?! My order magically arrived. I refused it politely. I mean how long has it been sitting there?! No thanks. (Scratching this spot off my list)
5	AWESOME FOOD!!!  OMG you have to try the King Crab Roll, it is out of this world!My husband and I love our Sushi and go quite often. This is our new number 1 spot to go! The sushi chef Jimmy was fabulous, the staff was VERY friendly and concerned about our visit to their restaurant. And by the way, try the New York Cheese cake for dessert!  ALL AROUND FABULOUS PLACE!!
4	I was really craving sashimi and decided to go even with inconsistent ratings.  It was great.  The fish was tasty and the portions were great.  The fish was a bit "icy" which was the reason the four star rating, but it was still very good.  The service was good and I would would go back.  My eyes were much bigger than my stomach, and I ate way too much, but it was a good deal the amt. of sashimi I got.
1	This place is awful - and its so bad it even feels staged. Are we on "punked"?We went in for lunch - no one in the entire place. We waited for 20 minutes to be seated while the entire waitstaff stared at us through the back kitchen (it was 12 on a Tuesday - they were absolutley open).Once we got seated our waiter (male) - came over and did not crack a smile or speak a word. It was almost humorous. I think he grunted to take our order. It is understandable if his english was bad - but he was speaking english to the other waiter when he was away from our table. It was strange.On top of all of that the food was bad. No taste - bland - blah!This place will be gone in no time - when your service and food is bad - there is no hope!
5	I must say this is one of my new favorite restaurant. Beautiful, modern lounge laced with comfort. Super fresh seafood so try the sushi to your content. The chefs definitely know what they're creating. Sushi is soft, not chewy, fish is fresh! and not drowned in sauce. The food is great as well and portion is abundant. Come hungry. Friendly and welcoming staff.
1	Never again! Very pricey, little foods, rude services. I came here because viet-thai noodle closed from 3-5pm. The waiter was RUDE! He so rushed, but there was only us and another couple in there. We ordered our drinks and they have so much powders at bottle the glass. my Thai tea was disgusting plain, i tried to ignore but the powder really hurted my throat. my husband could not drink 2/4 bottom of his glass because it full of powder. I wanted to change my drink, they took it and another same one came out. thai tea has milk, so it had the dried milk cover on top of the cup. My husband ordered asian steak and the waiter threw it out frizzle on our white shirts, the table and he left brought my dragon sushi out. The sushi taste good but not the steak. My husband was so angry, it ruined out date.I can eat sushi in other places. We never come again! $50 for both of us! Thats pricey!
1	Just another chinese restaurant. Nothing fancy. Ordered the crispy chicken in japanese curry and the order came wrong. They gave us a small portion and then halfway through, the waiter came out with another plate of the dish saying that the cook prepared the wrong portion. What's funny or not-so-funny, is that the peas and carrots on this dish were the frozen stuff you can find in the supermarket freezer. C'mon! I can understand the peas but the carrots? Jeez! And we had phoenix and dragon which is two dishes that is chicken in sa cha sauce (so sweet that you can get diabetic attack) and curry shrimp (5 pieces) which is not bad but not great either. Another odd thing was that our food weren't served at the same time and have to wait at least 3 more min for the next dish to be served. Oh well anyway. Ask me if i'm going back to that place? A big fat NO!!!! I'd rather go to a chinese buffet. But then again I won't either.
4	I've gone here three times so far since they opened up so that's a good sign. I LOVE their general tso chicken. It's super crispy, well cook and have the right level of spice to it. My sister and daughter LOVES their walnut shrimp. We are Asian foodie and we know how hard it is to find delicious general tso chicken and walnut shrimp so this place has us wanting to come back for more! The sushi is not great, but its not bad also. I also LOVE the interior decor. They did a great job on this place. I use to go here when it was Tony Roma's and you could tell the big difference.Now the Cons is that the outside exterior needs some rework! There's nothing exciting about how the place looks like from the outside and that might be what is not attracting a lot of service. They have ONE waiter that is working most of the time and he is not very friendly looking. He speaks broken English, seems rude most of the time and likes to rush you when ordering and eating. The bathroom also has this bad smell to it. (This was one of the reasons why I stop going to Tony Romas) and it seems that the smell has not gone away. You almost have to hold your breath when you are in the bathroom. I think there's something wrong with the sewage system. But overall this place is worth a try!!! Don't let the negative affect you, the positive is that the food is good! :)
5	Wife and I split the lettuce wrap appetizer and we each had a stir fry for lunch.  Fresh veggies, she had tasty seafood and I had scallion lamb, both excellent.  Great ambiance and impeccable service.  We expect to return many times.
4	I'm the Groupon Queen these days and I happened to stumble upon a Groupon for Sky Asian Bistro.  Before purchasing, I checked out the Yelp reviews and since most of the reviews were positive and the negative ones were mostly about service (as opposed to quality of food, cleanliness, etc) I decided to give it a whirl!My husband, my 15 yo son, and I went in for lunch on Saturday.  The decor is nice, the restaurant is very clean, and we were greeted at the door by a hostess with a big smile.We sat at a booth and our server came right over to take our drink order and to tell us about the March lunch special.  We ordered Chicken Lettuce Wraps and Crab Rangoon Dip for appetizers. I didn't try the chicken lettuce wraps, but the guys really liked it.  I did (overindulge on) the Crab Rangoon dip and it was CRAZY good! For our entrees, my son had the Sesame Chicken, my husband had Chicken Pad Thai, and I had the Sky Burrito (Shrimp Tempura and veggies wrapped in rice paper served with Bang Bang sauce). We loved everything!   My husband travels quite a bit for his job and always makes a point to have Thai food while he is away and he always has Chicken Pad Thai.   He said that Sky's Pad Thai was some of the tastiest that he has ever had.  I had a bit and have to agree!   It's different from most places so it's possible that it's not as authentic as some places (I could see that turning some people off), but it was absolutely delicious and I know that my husband will want to go back just for the Pad Thai.  My son also had a great first impressions of Sky.  He adores Asian food and for as many Asian restaurants that have been to in the area, he declared this his new favorite...and a great place to take a date (UT OH!).I really want to go out of my way to comment on the service.  I know that there are always some servers that are better/more friendly than others in every restaurant.  However, we had at least 3 different servers come to our table throughout our meal and they were all very friendly!  We even asked for different sauces, had a bunch of drink refills, and needed our food boxed and we never felt that the staff felt 'put out' by our requests.  At one point my husband engaged in discussion with our main server and it turned into a discussion regarding a particular custom that the waiter experienced as a child.  We loved hearing about it and could have chatting with him all day!  So...I recommend that if anyone is hesitant to try Sky because of the less-than-stellar service reviews, please know that we didn't see any service issues at all!We had a chance to look at the lunch and dinner menus and I would suggest going for the lunch because the prices are nearly 50% less than dinner and it was a ton of food (we all brought half of our food home, including the Crab Rangoon Dip).
4	We live in Ballantyne, so there is plenty of sushi around us but I saw a Living Social deal and have tired of the same ole same ole cherry blossom role or Village Roll at Jade, or the Yum Yum at 18, and even the Tuna Maki 101 at Sushi 101. They are all good of course, but this new place was worth at least a try. It isn't IN Ballantyne, but nearby in Pineville, but I have to say, the short drive was worth it. I went with my sushi loving teenage daughter on a Saturday night around 8pm. The parking lot and the place was fairly empty, so I was worried at first, but it is down on the right across from the mall, with only a hotel there behind it, so as for location and visibility, this place needs to do some more serious marketing like they did for their grand opening when they had a billboard on I-485 and other advertising and stay consistent with it because its semi hidden location could become its downfall. Overall, the decor is nice, we sat at the sushi bar, there was only one other couple seated there. Service was good and the staff friendly. The sushi is fresh and professionally prepared by obviously experienced sushi chefs. One recommended the Tuna Cube, which had a limited description but we went ahead with it and it was awesome! It really isn't a "cube" but 6 pieces of bite size sushi (not rolled). We also ordered a Bombay Roll which is spicy crunchy tuna topped with eel, avocado & fish roe (excellent!), a Volcano Roll which is salmon, tuna & yellowtail fried, topped w/roe, scallions & special sauce (also excellent!) and finally, The Sky Roll, tuna, avocado, spicy mayo & crunchy topped w/shrimp, tuna & salmon. We found this roll to be a tad clunky, maybe because of the thick cut of the pieces, they had recommended the  EBTKS Roll that has tuna, salmon, eel, yellowtail, lobster salad, and tempura flakes with the chef's special dressing but we had ordered the Sky Roll instead. We will definitely go with the EBTKS Roll instead on our next trip. The owner and his partner spoke with us for a few minutes, they were very nice, and indicated the location was problematic. Apparently they have a Lake Norman restaurant together as well but it isn't name Sky I don't believe. I sure hope they figure out a solution for the location issue quickly, it is a good asian fusion place worthy of your time and $$!  Definitely go and eat there!
4	The experience was generally good. Service was a little slow for as few people that appeared to be there. Lettuce wraps were good. Drinks were good (Long Island ice tea). The sushi was good (California roll deluxe). Dessert was good (chocolate lava cake). The only thing would have changed would've been the chicken in the Phoenix. I prefer all white meat.
5	We love this restaurant.  The sushi is really good and imaginative, the Inverted Crab Rangoon Dip appetizer is so very yummy, the service is friendly.  My family and I have been to this restaurant twice, and it is a refreshing alternative to the chain restaurants in the Carolina Place Mall area.  It sits right behind the Vitamin Shoppe.  The first time we went it was very busy (right after a groupon offering) and we were seated in a comfortable area to wait and were frequently checked on and offered drinks.  We could preview the dinner and bar menu.  They have many other Asian menu choices besides sushi.  I have ordered the Lettuce Wraps twice.  It is an appetizer but big enough for a meal for me, especially after the huge Crab Rangoon dip app. The sushi is very fresh and large in size.  There are also some "western" dishes for your picky friends.  Definitely plan to eat there soon if you like Asian food.
2	Tried this place on a Groupon.  I was very excited to try it because it is literally 2 minutes from my place and I love Asian cuisine and welcome any new restaurant in my neighborhood!  The decor and atmosphere were great.  Sat at the sushi bar with my daughter and we ordered sushi along with an appetizer.  Had the Crab Rangoon Dip.  The dip was just warm and was just your typical cheesy dip.. I hated the sweet sauce drizzled on the chips..we were so hungry so we picked through the chips to get the driest ones.. The sushi was very mediocre.. It lacked in flavor.  The food I'm general was a little pricey for such mediocre food.  I was really disappointed.  I won't be dining there again unless I go to the bar and have a drink and maybe try another appetizer because the sushi was a let down.
2	We went at 6:30 on a Wednesday and it was pretty dead.  That should have been the second warning sign.  The first warning sign should have been the menu, which includes crab cakes.  I have a rule that when an Asian places tries to do American dishes, neither are usually very good.  The third warning sign should have been that the servers were whiter than I am.  Another rule I have is to not eat at an Asian place without Asian servers.  It's almost never good.  Had I followed my rules, I wouldn't have experienced this place and would have been better off.The starter was Inside Out Wonton dip which is essentially deconstructed Crab Rangoon.  It was good, and probably the best part of the meal.  My wife ordered a Thai Iced Tea and it was the worst I ever had.  There was a funny taste to it, maybe they used instant tea for it.My wife had sweet sour chicken which again had a funny taste to it.  My wife doesn't like the sauce so she didn't try it.  It also came with some pineapple, carrot and bell pepper piled on top.  The pineapple was clearly canned, the peppers and carrots were not cooked properly and they were cut unevenly so the presentation was not great.I had the walnut chicken, which was OK but certainly not worth 14 dollars.  It had a decent amount of shrimp and they were cooked properly.  There was a very small amount of walnuts, though.  Possibly the worst part of the meal was the sushi.  It was a tuna roll with tuna on top.  The tuna and avocado in the roll were OK but the tuna on top seemed like canned tuna.  It had an awful flavor.
4	My best friend and I stumbled across this place after leaving Carolina Place Mall. I was shocked. The outside does the atmosphere, service and staff no justice. Great food and drinks!! We had a great time as well. The server was very friendly and had some great recommendations as it was out first time there. I own a non-profit and they also offer a private meeting room, with plenty of amenities. The interior and decor is very nice, that atmosphere is very relaxed, clean, polished and contemporary. Others complain about how dark the parking lot is, it could be brighter, but I mean who is going to get you the Sushi Zombie? Smh this is a great place, go and try them out!!
1	I got the spicy Thai red curry with chicken and was not impressed. The sauce was super watery and the vegetables overpowered the entire dish. I wouldn't recommend the Thai cuisine.
5	This Place is a Hidden Jewel in Pineville.Food was great,service fast and very pleasing. The food quality and portions were well valued.the Sushi was really well prepared and had great taste.43.00 for two , sushi, dinner, and two drinks.. we will be going there more.Well worth the search...the inside is huge so it appears there are not a lot of customers but the dining experience was great. Quite and able to talk and have conversation.
5	Came in 6:15 on Saturday on memorial day weekend, was pretty dead.  Had a couple young kids with wife and I, they gave us a perfect booth.  The service was just unbelievable, as attentive as a 5 star steakhouse.  Details including using rubber bands and a piece of paper to modify chopsticks so my kindergartner could use them, fast  drink delivery, and he expedited the kids meals so they could start eating a little early.  They even boxed the meals for us at the end.  The food was solid, we had a sampling of sushi, chinese and the singapore curry noodles.  Prices were reasonable for what you got and Kirin pint draft priced right as well.  We tried this because of a groupon but will be back.  Excellent service, good atmosphere, good food reasonable prices
5	The sushi is always excellent and the value is a good as you can get. Our favorite sushi place in Charlotte!
5	Went on a Wed night and ordered way too much food!  Everything was great, Including the service!  Place is very clean and nice, will definitely be back!!
5	Great calamari, lamb dish was excellent and I regularly go here for Sushi.  Jimmy the sushi chef will customize what you request and won't disappoint!  Be sure to top him he works hard!As for the review by Luna seems to have the only negative review and it seems quite biased.  Perhaps works or owns a competing restaurant?
4	Every meal I have had here has been delicious and very fresh. The sushi is great and they are very willing to change ingredient(s) to fit your liking. I do love my sushi, however the Korean ribs are my absolute favorite. Impeccable flavor. The atmosphere is nice, very family-friendly and the service is also good. A couple times we had one certain waiter that was a little too nice, if that can count as a complaint, sitting down with us and chatting for longer than we woud've liked instead of paying attention to our drinks. But hey, if that's the only complaint, Sky Asian is doing an awesome job. Will continue to come here!
5	My weekly schedule usually consist of several lunch appointments. If I'm responsible for the details, this is my secret spot! Not many of my friends have hear of this place, so I enjoy exposing them to the Sky!  Great atmosphere with great food. Their Sushi is top notch. Tuesdays is their buy 2 rolls & get 1 free. I will be surprised if this place stays a secret long.  I strongly recommend the "inside out" wonton dip, General Tso and the Pacific Fried roll.
4	First visit. Ordered sushi lunch with added avocado roll. Rice was a tad hard in places but presentation was attractive and - most importantly - flavor was quite good. Isabel, my server, was quite pleasant, attentive, and patient when I told her I wasn't in a hurry. I never felt rushed and was allowed to relax. Ambience / background music was also decent. It's nice to find a sushi place open all day...a rarity in Charlotte. The only complaint is small in context. Sushi lunch prices, including hot saki, were reasonable and competitive. The only exception was a tasty but overpriced avocado roll, at $5.00. They usually go for $3-3.50 locally. Overall, though, a very enjoyable first visit.
4	My gf and I frequent Sky Sushi when we're passing through. I've tried several of the sushi restaurants closer to our home in Fort Mill, but haven't found anything that we like better than Sky. Azn used to be a favorite of ours when we were in South Park, but without better options closer to home, Sky has sneaked its way into our default place for asian cuisine. Pros: Fat noodles in the lo mien. Don't know why, but many asian restaurants have started using skinny noodles. Not a fan. Broccoli was awesome. Some of the best I've had. The sushi tasted fresh and has been consistent each time we've eaten there. Today I had the Sky roll, which i'll probably get 9/10 times I return. Cons:Hasn't established itself. Usually kind of empty. Rice in the sushi could be a little better.
4	Some friends and I went to to Sky for my girlfriends birthday. Now granted I am way cooler than these guys, and hang out with them mostly so I can be seen as charitable. Appearances are important as we all know.We started with the vegetable tempura, and I must say it was pretty darn good, not the best I have had, but pretty, pretty good. I was able to order my dinner,despite being oggled by the entire staff , guests at other tables, even my friends. In the midst of, carrying the conversation and being completely fascinating, and  not to mention soul shatteringly attractive, I was able to order the sushi combination.The sushi was insanely fresh! It honestly was more than I expected. Being an awesome boyfriend(probably the best ever) I agreed to eat some of my girlfriends dragon roll, it was awesome. Simply the best dragon roll, I have ever eaten. And let me tell you sister, I have eaten many a dragon roll.The service was on par and the place was clean. The staff was very pleasant. My only beef was that the decor seemed a bit confused, but that is a minor issue when compared to the painfully delicious sushi I shoved into my stupid face that night,
1	Been there several times. Last time I had worst experience ever.  Recommend it to several Friends.  We were group of 6 with 5 kids on a Sunday.  Very poor service.  Server drop allthe drinks over 3 year old kid.  Ice tees, lce water it was a mess.  The lady in charge change server with the excuse that this one is new and not experienced.  So the new server a girl messed the whole order.  Kids where waiting for food.  Me I never received one.  We were waiting on food around 1 hour.  So I decide to talk with manager on duty.  So guess what there was no manager on duty.  I was told"don't worry for today service we messed up but when you come next time we will hey you best server and a $50 off the total bill.  But today we can't do much.  So that was last time I went there.  Hope toy will not have same experience.  Food is good but service sucks.
5	Eating lunch here right now for first time. Very good, clean, friendly,  nice atmosphere.  I would eat here again.
5	We are regulars but tonight we tried Korean short ribs which were amazing!  If you haven't tried this place the sushi and everything else is so good!
3	We returned here and food quality has drop significantly. The sushi doesn't taste fresh and soft anymore. I don't know what happened but I am bummed.
4	Service was lightning fast and the rolls (got a regular spicy salmon) were big and full of fish, not just all rice like some other places.  It was rather empty for a Saturday night, which was alarming at first, but the food was great and the service was fantastic and attentive.  Will be a regular place for us when we get our sushi cravings.
5	Great chinese food. Reasonable prices. Hip atmosphere. Sky has become a regular in our family dining out rotation.
3	The food here is fantastic, especially the sushi, but the service is spotty. I've gone and gotten great service and I've gone and sat unwaited on for so long that the hostess noticed and came and took our order.
1	Ok food, but after we finished our meal, the restaurant would not honor my living-social prepaid voucher. We were in a large group (paying individually) and apparently one of my coworkers also wanted to use a prepaid voucher as well. The manager strictly enforced the one prepaid voucher per table. They said if we had sat at the bar, this would not have been an issue, but since we were at a table, it was a different case altogether, and they would enforce the policy.
5	Best sushi in Charlotte, hands down. Jimmy is the master of all things sushi!!! Its hard to pick a favorite but the Ahi Poke is always a winner. Love this place! Try it out!!
5	Love, Love, Love Sky Asian Bistro!The only place to go for sushi in Charlotte!  Jimmy is the best!  all of the employees are so friendly, they really go "Above and Beyond" to make you feel welcome!Will always go back for the Best!!
