5	Todd is an extremely knowledgeable and helpful real estate agent.  He's an expert agent who can guide you through the process of buying or selling real estate whether it's a traditional purchase, short sale, or foreclosure.  I have yet to meet another agent who has a more extensive knowledge of the Las Vegas real estate market.  Highly recommend him and his team.
5	A few months ago, we decided to try to sell our home in Las Vegas for the second time within the past few years. Obviously, it didn't sell the first time. This time, we used Todd as our real estate agent. I wasn't overly optimistic about our chances of selling in this market, especially since the economy has gotten worse, but Todd proved me wrong! I can't imagine any other real estate agent could have not only sold our home, but essentially sold it on the first day it went on the market- and for above our asking price. Todd was extremely easy to work with, always available to answer questions, and made the selling process painless. If you are looking for the best real estate agent in Las Vegas, choose Todd. If anyone can sell a home in this economy, it's him.
5	Todd Miller and Nevada Realty Solutions did a fantastic job for my client looking for a home in Las Vegas. They are the King of Real Estate. They found Ed and Ruth exactly the home they were looking for. They have expressed an incredible amount of happiness in the job Todd and his team did looking through all the home for sale in that real state market. Thank you very much Todd and Nevada Realty Solutions you are awesome realtors and I will always look to you when I need help with real estate and buying or selling homes in the Las Vegas Market!Jeff CameronScottsdale, AZ
1	I've had 2 dealings with Mr. Miller.  Both terrible.  He doesn't return calls until he needs something from YOU.   He is condescending and full of himself.  He tried to manipulate the transactiont to his benefit (but he didn't get away with it.).  I would never recommend Mr. Miller.   I have reason to believe the other reviews were posted by either his staff or friends (should he have any left).   I've chatted with other people about him and they all had the same experiences.
5	I had Todd help me sell my house and it was a great experience. I felt more like I was a friend of Todd rather than just another client. As a matter of fact, everybody at Nevada Realty Solutions was very friendly. Todd's strategy for pricing my house and how to present it were right on the money and I was VERY happy with the timely manner in which it sold and the price he helped me get for it. As it turned out, because of the price we got for my house, I actually pushed the value of the neighborhood up a bit.  Todd is by far the best real estate agent I have ever dealt with and the whole experience was head and shoulders above all my other real estate dealings.
5	This is not a review of Todd's real estate office, or the agents that work with him. Five starts all goes to him, he goes the extra mile to ensure that the transaction is smoothly. Even though he was just the broker and not our agent, I feel like we received a lot of help and advices from him. I would definitely recommend him to anyone. But the tough thing is, he doesn't do agent's work anymore, so make sure to get a good agent in his office.
5	Todd is awesome. He knows real estate, he knows the market, he knows Las Vegas, and he knows how to sell homes. I had worked with several realtors in Las Vegas over the years I lived there and my only wish is that I'd found Todd sooner than when it came time to sell the house and move away from the area.Like a lot of people, I bought a house when I thought the market was low, only to watch it drop a little more and a little more over the years. I wasn't optimistic when I reached out to Todd to inquire about placing the house on the market. To say I'm surprised at what he came back with may be an understatement, but his aggressive approach is totally a winner. He priced it just right. In its first five days on the market, the house received six offers, most of which were above asking price.To be fair, I'm not sure how much of that can be attributed to Todd's mad skillz (which are unquestionable) or the fact that the inventory was low, market was on the upswing, our house was in great shape and had received major updates when we moved into it five years prior, and that it had been staged beautifully by yours truly. But his knowledge of the market, pricing the house just right, marketing, and guidance through the process all helped close the deal, allowed me to be choosy with the offer I picked, and even made me a little money which I never expected.Under contract Todd was firm, a great negotiator, and really made it a point to be sure that I was taken care of. He let me make the decisions while giving advice and guiding me through the entire process. He and his assistant, Jennifer, were both easy to work with and promptly answered any questions I had.I will say that there was some confusion with the inspection/money owed. I don't know, transactional items are confusing in real estate so I guess this might be expected. Also, Todd never saw the house, aside from photos, which I thought was strange. But hey, it worked.Overall, Todd was confident and competent and is just what the weary las vegas market needs.PS - have you seen his awesome videos?
5	I can't say enough about Todd or Nevada Realty Solutions. We were looking to sell our house and did not expect much-as far as profit was concerned. When it came to agents, we did not have many referrals to work from...so I began my search online. I reached out to several local agents based off of online reviews. Of all the inquiries I sent out, I was very impressed to see that Todd personally emailed me back within literally minutes (6 to be exact). He was quick to ask to speak on the phone to get further info and we had a face to face meeting scheduled well before I heard back from anyone else. I continued to research Todd and Nevada Realty before our meeting, and was sure that this would be who we hired before ever even shaking hands! We were impressed with his presentation, strategy, and with what he could do for us. His ideas made perfect sense. We naturally felt even better about our decision to work with them. Todd told us he would saturate the market with advertising of our property and scheduled a time for a photographer to come out. I believe our house was already listed by the time we left the office. We even got a call for a showing by the time we got back home! We had a good number of showings right away and had offers within a few days. It was all very exciting.Todd called me with the offers and explained the pros and cons of each, a strategy for each, and suggestions that made plenty of sense. We were able to quickly get under contract.From start to finish, we have felt like we were fully involved in the process. We didn't get bombarded with emails and phone calls, but got all the pertinent information and updates-which we very much appreciated as we had enough on our plates with moving, work, and finding our next place etc. Todd is also a master negotiator. He was able to get us all the concessions we asked for and was not shy to tell any buyers that we would not concede anything. When it did not look like we would close on time because of the buyers' lender, we came up with conditions and penalties that even we thought might be too harsh or demanding. Todd told us they were perfect and had the buyer's signed agreement to them back  in hand very quickly.Todd's assistant, Jennifer, is a gem and they are very lucky to have her. She is very thorough and follows up quickly on everything. Anytime we asked for an update, she was ready to tell us how she had already talked to everyone several times throughout the day. After everything was said and done, we walked away with far more than we ever thought we would.Thank you Todd, Jennifer, and Nevada Realty Solutions!
5	I trust Todd for anything related to residential real estate in Las Vegas. I watch his videos to see what has been going on in the local housing market. When I meet with others about financial matters, I often refer to things that he has talked about.
1	I am a brand new buyer and have read good reviews about this company. I called about a property saying I am looking for a house like it (maybe not this one specifically) but that I am looking to move a year from now. I told the lady I spoke with here that I am new to this but had been advised by realtors that a year is a good time frame to start the whole process. (I would like to stress that I am new so I have no idea!) instead of maybe steering me in the right direction, she told me that is wrong, why would anyone hold 1 property for me for a year?! She would advise against that! Obviously prices are going to change within a year, why wouldn't I know that?!, and on and on and on. This woman was incredibly rude, and had a terrible attitude. I wish I could translate in print how rude she was to me over the phone. I then was so frustrated with how terrible her attitude was as if my ignorance had ruined her day that I said you know what? Thank you for your time and before I could finish the sentence she hung up on me. Im sorry I dont know about buying houses, no my favorite hobby isn't going out and buying a house every day. But the woman at this place is incredibly unprofessional if she knows she isn't making money from you, it seems to me. So I guess if you know what you're doing already this might be a good place to go, but if you need some guidance, expect to be treated like an idiot.
5	Todd was hands down the best real estate agent our family has ever had the pleasure of doing business with. He is knowledgeable, professional and a great negotiator. He paid attention to the details of our house and its unique neighborhood and sold it within 2 months for $40,000 more than what another local real estate broker wanted to list it for. He was always available, extremely informative and patient throughout the whole process. I couldn't recommend him enough.
