3	Going out to Vegas, I wanted to floss!  Sticking with that theme, I went with the luxury car and all that was in this category was a Cadillac DTS?  I asked the representative about higher upgrades like an Escalade, but the top models were the Cadillac CTS and the SRX. The two Escalades they had were apparently stolen.  Alamo has a convenient shuttle to and from the airport and the return of the automobile was less than 5 minutes.  CAUTION:  Stay away from the people that have a booth in the Alamo location trying to give free stuff to see a time share seminar!!!!FYI:  I went with the SRX (luxury mini-suv) and that car isn't bad at all.  Nice features and fairly quick for what it is.
1	I've rented from here twice, but never again.  I returned my car, and got yelled at for 15 minutes by a customer service (I have to use that term loosely) agent that just never got his break, and didn't want to print me a receipt.  All of the check in staff returning the car was rude, and the rental place is in the middle of no where.  I really hate giving bad reviews, but this was shoddy work at best.  I remember getting the car, and waiting in line for 20 minutes as well, as slow people seemed to all go on break, just as I got to the front of line, literally disappearing from 5 down to 2 people as I got to the front. Really, is my breath that bad?  I have to wonder.
1	They seem to conveniently be out of compact cars every time I've been here.  They suck.
1	The salesman tried to sell me the insurance options for 1 hour even though I told him I got 100 per cent coverage from Geico.He adds a Camry option for another $20 a day . I refused. he game a Kia which runs about 10 miles per gallon. The car is really old with 70000 miles on it .  I wish I had another reservation so I could walk out and go another counter. The price quoted on internet is only 75%  even though they listed out everything in detail. The actual price is higher due to some other unexplained charges, but I was too tired to continue to question.  Make sure you have back up plan when dealing with these people .
1	I am a local here in Las Vegas and always rent cars to travel to LA to visit family. So I rented a car through price line how I normally do got the confirmation and went on my merry way. Something told me to call and see all the paperwork they would need since all companies have different rules. Come to find out if you rent with Alamo they require you to have a round trip plane ticket no matter what. I had to fight to get my money back and wait 6 days for it to go back on my card. Since ALAMO gave us locals the big finger I will do the same FU ALAMO!
5	I like Alamo.  If you book on line, you can do a check in on line.  All you have to do is go to the size / class of car you rented, pick your car and drive off to the gate.  Make sure you have your paperwork with you, though.  I don't want you to get arrested for stolen vehicle.  ^_~Even when you return your car, just drive up to the drop off area for Alamo on the second floor and be on your merry way.  If there's no attendant there, be sure to record your mileage so you can let the staff at the counter know.Have a great vacation!
2	Just my luck, when I got there they had updated the software on their computer systems and delayed everyone from getting their cars for an hour.Service is standard, but what I was surprised about was when I returned the car with 7/8 full tank.  They filled it up to the top and charged their price per gallon which was over the typical price at the time.  Gotta love Alamo...
4	We have been generally been happy with the pricing and service at Alamo.  They are more often than not the lowest priced rental car company in the Consolidated Rental Facility . Join the Insiders club and avoid the lines by using the kiosks.
4	Had I good experience with this Alamo location. I often rent here from their sister's company "National" and the experience there is seamless has I have been an "Emerald Club" members for two decades. My historical experience with Alamo in large airport was generally waiting an hour in lines... however, they now have a free program "Alamo Insiders" that enable you, once registered, to bypass the counter and go to your car like National's Emerald club. Service was quick, got to choose my car (free upgrade) and the car was in good condition. The return was as quick as the pick up.
5	The #1 reason I rent with Alamo is because of the kiosks. I, like most of us, hate waiting in line or being pressured to get extra insurance and I love picking my own wheels. With Alamo I can check in online, go straight to the kiosk (ahem, even if there is only a couple people waiting or NO ONE in line, I still go to the kiosk lol). Since I already check in via internet, all I have to do is swipe my credit card or punch in my confirmation #, accept the terms&conditions, wait for my receipt to print, and boom, outta there. Takes less than 3 mins.I've done this at least 10 times. PLUS with Alamo, they only take the amount of rental on my credit card, not an additional $200-$300 on top of it like others. Alamo just takes out the cost of the rental, every time. At least it does at McCarran. Debit cards are different, of course.Even if I can save a little bit of money by going with another, I relent to Alamo. Happy loyal customer.
3	Nice "Free" upgrade from a compact car to a small SUV.  $450+ for full coverage insurance for less than a week - that's where they get you.Nice car, decent service, but... the insurance cost just kills me.
5	Easy, friendly and out the door. That is all I want in a rent a car company!Yes, they asked me to buy insurance. I said "no thanks" and that was that, no attitude.Easy return, a friendly thank you, and I was off! Will use again!
1	When I rent a car for travel I like to try a car I don't own or one that I might like to own, and I like it to be low mileage so it feels like a new car.  Doesn't everyone?  I Rented an economy car through Costco for use in Las Vegas. During the rental it offered me to upgrade for a few dollars more to a mid size Ford Fusion.  I wanted to try a Fusion so I went for it.  After arriving in Las Vegas, the Alamo counter person asked what kind of car I wanted. I told him that I wanted the Fusion and the ad from both Alamo and Costco showed that vehicle for my reservation.  I got out to the lot and told the lot attendant what I wanted. Of course no Fusions were in the lot, not a one.  No explanation or alternatives offered, just no Fusions.  Plenty of Chevy impalas, hyundais, and Nissan altima's.  I took the Chevy which had almost 30,000 miles on it.  It was like borrowing a car from a friend, not really like driving something new and at the same time hoping that it wouldn't break down.  Don't rent from Alamo or use Costco for travel rentals.  Neither knows how to deliver what they offer.  Spend a few more dollars and go with hertz or Avis. It will be with your while and you will get what was promised.
5	Impressed with how quick we got our rental car!  We got a decent rate and checking in and out was a breeze!  Convenient shuttle to and from the airport, with hardly any wait time! We will definitely go with Alamo the next time we need a rental car!
5	We got a pimp-ass new Ford Fusion with the works. Think leather seats, seat warmers, sirius satellite, sun roof, etc. This car was even better than some of the hotels we stayed in while visiting the National Parks in Utah! The service was friendly and quick. Able to pick up and drop off the car with ease, only taking about 15-20 minutes extra out of time (from airport terminal-to-rental center).
5	Not only is this place super fast, but their customer service is great! When me and my wife first walked up to the counter a gentleman greeted us which was nice and doesn't happen at very many companies. What actually got me to write this review was the lady behind the counter who helped us. Her name was Jody and I will never forget her! She made me and my wife feel comfortable and helped us find a car that would be best for our trip. This was by far the best experience I have ever had renting a car and will definitely be back for my next trip!
5	Had a great experience with Alamo.  We walked out of baggage claim right onto a bus to the rental car center....no waiting at all.  It was about a 10 minute ride to the center. Once we got there we were able to use the Alamo kiosk to get our paperwork and walk out to pick a car.  There were a lot to choose from.  When we finally agreed on a car we drove right out.  No waiting at all.  We had a new Chevrolet Impala and we put over 1000 miles on it!! The car was clean and perfect for our trip.  When we returned it, it was just as easy as pick up.  We pulled in got our paperwork and walked right on a bus back to the terminal.  There were no hidden fees or any other problems. We will definitely use Alamo again, when we travel.
4	In and out via priceline with NO ISSUES =)
5	I don't rent cars very often, but this was a smooth experience. First time I rented a car in Las Vegas and went with Alamo. Got there before 8am and there was no line, got to the counter quickly. Gave them my licence and credit card and they had my reservation with no hassle. The person at the counter kept trying to get me to upgrade the vehicle and other things I didn't need, but it wasn't the end of the world. Went to the parking garage, which is nearby and someone showed me a row of cars that I could choose from. When I brought the car back, it was a quick and easy experience.
5	Very quick! I love the kiosk at Alamo locations. Great choice of cars here. My luxury rental was a Chrysler 300C with 22k miles and numerous scratches and dings, but drove great. Pickup and return was very easy.  I've had good success with Alamo in different  states and will stick with them.
1	Alamo is f****** stupid.  I booked a car for Las Vegas to drive back home. But they only accept major credit cards for dropping off at another location.  And because I didn't check THEIR debit card policy on THEIR website (booked through Expedia) they just kept saying I should have looked at their website or I should've booked directly with them.  Well shouldn't you make sure your third party booking sites are giving people all relevant information.  Now I'm in line somewhere else because I didn't bring any of my credit cards.  What a complete waste of my time on my super short trip.  And thanks Alamo employees for standing there and being completely incompetent and pretty much telling me it's my fault for booking through a through Expedia.  You suck.  You too Expedia.
5	I am completely satisfied with my experience renting a car for a week at this location. Deron Star provided exceptional service and was very patient with me while I was being very picky with the specific car I chose.  He is very courteous, knowledgeable, and extremely kind. Deron is the one person I would always ask for and rent from whenever I am in vegas.  I am surprised he is not a supervisor or someone superior of this company because he is the type of person who is a great asset to an organization and will be a great leader for all the representatives who doesn't understand the meaning of "customer service". Thank you Deron!! You made it possible for me to have a great start of my mini-vacation!!!
5	The first time I have  used Alamo after using other rental companies previously . Much better service and advice and no pressure selling of unnecessary insurance . Luis the agent was very helpful correctly advising a better car for a one way hire to Los Angeles . Didn't have to pay a one way fee either . Will return to Alamo !
