5	I did a lot of shopping during black Friday last week and purchased a few new outfits for myself to wear to work.  Being that Im somewhat on the shorter side,  I find that I have to get pants hemed alot due to my shortness.  I now have 3 new pair of pants that needed altering, and wasnt sure where to go.This morning while running errands, I spotted this place.  I never noticed it before, and considering Im always at Gold Bar, I was thrilled to find an alterations place!  I guess shes been in Tempe for 10 years, but in this complex for about 7 months. (I must be losing my vision, considering I never noticed her before.)  Anyways, I just wanted to start out with 1 pair of pants to give her.  I asked her when they would be ready, and she said that I could get them back today if I needed them. I think she might charge extra for it, but after talking with her and comparing hours, it seemed easier for me to pick them up today.  She only charged me $9 which would be standard for her to charge for a hem.  She measured me up and off I went!  So far, I am happy with her.  The only thing is she closes at 5:30 during the week.  Being that I work full time, its impossible for me to get to her before she closes to get my stuff back.  FYI for others who may use her if your in a hurry and work during regular business hours.  Shes open on Saturday but closed on Sunday.   More updates to come as time goes on!
5	Cute little alterations store in the Bashas shopping plaza.  Their prices are pretty reasonable ($10 to hem some pants), and the owner is very friendly and does good work.
5	I had to get some work slacks altered last minute. They were really nice, professional, and fast. They had a nice dressing area and this shop was very tidy. They were able to get my pants altered by the next morning and it was only $10.
5	Very fast, proffessional and a good value.
5	This place is professional and a very good value.  I had to get a denim maxi dress shortened.  The style was such that the seamstress had to do a bit more than simply cut the bottom off and hem it, yet it still cost me a very reasonable $14.  But I'm not sure if I would say they are "fast."  I had to wait a little less than two weeks.  I didn't mind since I wasn't in any kind of hurry, but it might be something to consider if you are someone who just can't wait to bust out those new threads.
5	Seams To Be Alterations is fantastic and I am so grateful to have found it. I decided to give it a try based on the wonderful yelp reviews and was not at all disappointed! The service was very friendly, the pricing is a wonderful value, and the clothes I had altered ( three pairs of designer jeans shortened with original hem) were completed very quickly. The only other thing I could possibly want was for the alterations to have been done well....and once again I was not dissappointed....everything was perfect! I will most definitely be back.
5	ABSOLUTE MIRACLE WORKER and a WONDERFUL WOMAN!!! A local dry cleaner destroyed my girlfriends bridesmaids dress the day before the wedding!! I quickly looked up a tailor near by. I drove like mad to  Seams To Be at 1pm when I explained the hazard I was in. Chuy responded with "Don't worry- be back by 5."  When I arrive back at 5 five, it was done and more beautiful that when my lady originally bought it! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!! THANK YOU CHUY! We owe you big and thanks for the hug! We will be back!-Rob and Mandie :)
5	I highly recommend this tailor. I bought my first suit and needed both legs and sleeves hemmed, and due to various circumstances needed it *fast*. They did it in less than 24 hours and perfectly.
5	She did an amazing job. I have a whole new closet full of clothes becasue of her. I got my clothes altered a year ago and they are still in great condition. She even made a cute skirt out of a long skirt I wore that was Dolce & Gabbana. I trust her with anything. It took about 2 weeks because I had so many clothes. I told her time was not a problem. I would imagine if you need something faster that she would work with you. I love this place.
3	I brought a bridesmaids dress for a wedding I'm in next month here to see about getting it let out, as it was too small, in addition a polo that I just needed the hem shortened on. Got the details for the shirt worked out easy peasy, but the dress had some issues. She said that it was too small on me to let out, and the ONLY thing possible to do was to do a corset back. Because I didn't want me dress to be obviously different than the other girls' in the party, I asked her a few times if that was the absolute only option, and they said yes. I also needed a cocktail length, which they said would be an additional $40. Defeated, I took it all in and they had me to take the dress with me so that I could pick up the extra satin for the corset back. Luckily, I got a second opinion and went with a shop that was able to let out the dress without doing a corset back, but I picked up my shirt which was done very well. If I was in a bind and had an item or two I needed a quick fix on,  I'd come back here, but not sure if I would recommend it to others.
1	I have taken two suits into Seams To Be Alterations. After dropping my first suit off and having a negative experience, I should have walked away rather than letting them tailor another, but it was convenient and I didn't follow my instincts. The first time I used S.T.B.A. there were some warning signs, the owner was terribly disorganized (she lost my suit, it took her almost twenty minutes to find it) they make you pay for the alterations before you receive your altered garment (not totally unusual, but not completely professional either) she also told me that my suit would take a week to be altered, but in actuality it took two. When I went to pick up my suit they were "busy" meaning myself and another customer were in the store, the staff (owner and another woman) didn't seem to know how to deal with the extra business. I brought in a full suit, and one extra suit jacket. The owner told me that she didn't want to tailor the extra jacket because it was too minimal of a repair. I disagreed. What type of business owner refuses extra money? While I understand that darting my jacket would have been tedious for her, it would have also put an extra $40 in her pocket. I digress.  I overheard a staff member lecturing the other patron about how he shouldn't have bought the garment he purchased, and that it was going to be hard for her to "fix them." I don't know about you, but I don't take garments in to have them judged, I take them in to be altered. I certainly don't need a lecture from a seamstress, I was appalled that someone would speak to a customer that way. I gave her two weeks, and  went in today to pick up my second suit. Instead of being on the nice wooden hanger that it was brought in on, my suit was on a used wire hanger. The suit was dirty, I immediately had to take it to the dry cleaner. She also made the sleeves too short, and uneven. Then she made it seem as if it were my fault that the sleeves were too short and uneven. The lining was stitched incorrectly and now in addition to being uneven, and too short, the sleeves also appear to be lumpy. Wonderful. If you are in the market to have your nice and rather expensive things ruined, then by all means, go to Seams To Be Alterations. If you would prefer your garments to remain intact or be tailored properly, I would suggest going somewhere else. I have no idea how this company can stay in business.
5	Excellent service and great quality.  I will always bring my alterations here.  Had an emergency and needed a hem done in a couple of hours and they had it sone sooner than expected!
5	I Brought in some shorts to be altered here- the owner is a sweetheart, was accommodating and nice.Not to mention she's located close to ASU so it's great for students like me to get any thing done they need to their clothes.The most important thing- good vibes.Ignore the negative reviews- I'm sure if they were in even a slightly good mood they would appreciate the obvious experience and welcomingness of the store - not to mention I'm sure the owner would have fixed anything had they simply kindly asked.Thank you ill be back for my alteration needs!
5	These ladies are so sweet! I had a terrible experience with another alteration place (smart fit)... These ladies came in at a much lower, honest price. They won't rip you off and they give you service with a smile :) highly recommend!
5	This was a great find.  Quality tailoring and reasonable prices.  I have had pants hemmed, a hole repaired in my favorite jeans, and some holes repaired in my favorite dress.  I highly recommend this place!
5	Brought my gf to get her dress altared. Asked for it to be done in an hour. The lady finished quick. Great service
5	I've been here a couple times for alterations and patchwork. The owner is friendly, helpful and most of all, fast. If you absolutely need something done by a certain time or date she will do her best to accommodate. For the price I don't think you will find a better seamstress in Tempe.
5	I haven't had any work done here that was less than excellent. Fair prices, fast, and super friendly. A local business I am happy to support.
1	Do not take your bridesmaids dresses there , read good reviews but realized clearly it wasn't due to their great job on dresses. My dress was butchered and after paying $60 , and not offered any type of reimbursement for the 5 times I had to go back, I am upset.  It was a big mess of a job that was done to my dress and was told by the lady it doesn't look bad this far away as she is 5 ft away from me. Save yourself money and stress and take it somewhere else.
1	This place was the place i always went to to get my clothes altered. She always did a great job until the last 2 times I went in. She was supposed to hem a tank top and when I came to pick it up she hadn't altered it at all. Then I came to a get a dress taken in and hemmed and all she did was hem the dress and left the safety pin in from where she was supposed to take in. She is not open on Sundays and closes at 5:30 so it is extremely hard for me to get there after work. I picked up my dress on the way to an event so I did not get to check it to make sure it was ok until Sunday. Saturday is literally the only day I can make it to her store and now I have to wait till next week to bring it back in to get it fixed when it should have been done last week.
5	I brought in a dress for work to be hemmed to a shorter length, and the owner was very sweet and helpful. She had me try it on to show her the length I wanted,and then asked me when I needed it ready. Very nice and accommodating, and not to mention great prices. You pay up front, then come back when it's ready. I will only come here from now on, I just wish I could remember the owners name..(Ci?)
