5	Davio--The Cuisine of the Sun!I met a friend here after work last night.  She was driving from Washington, DC to Chicago and decided to stay overnight in Pittsburgh.  She loves Italian food and another friend of mine recommended Davio to me.This place is fantastic!  Davio specializes actually in Mediterranean Cuisine.  We started our dinner with an appetizer of buffalo milk mozzarella with tomatoes, fresh basil, and  olive oil.  Now I never tried buffalo milk cheese before, but it was delicious.  For my salad, I had the Roma tomatoes,  olive oil, sea salt, and basil.  I might add that Davio makes its own dressings.Despite the high-carb count and that I live by my insulin, I love pasta and this place has some of the best  home-made stuff around.  I opted for the Ravioli Alla Picchi-Pacchi with tomatoes,  garlic, olive oil  basil leaves.  Methinks I overloaded on the olive oil and basil!My friend and I walked out of there so satisfied with our meals that I was perfectly willing to schlep home two meals worth of leftovers on the bus and the "T".  I'm sure she will leave a review too, so I'll let her describe her dinner on her own.
5	M-m-m-m, Davio!  I decided to do something sweet for my husband and, borrowing an idea from a friend of mine, take him out on a date.  I dolled myself up after work and had him meet me at the Wood Street "T" station.  I didn't tell him where we were going.Davio is one of those hidden, hole-in-the-wall gems that are oh so worth checking out.  It's one of those places existing solely on word-of-mouth advertising.  But it's been a neighborhood fixture for over 20 years.  If you're passing by on the "T", blink and you miss it.  We got off the "T" at Boustead Street and Rick wondered where the H-E-double-hockey-sticks I was taking him.  Beechview is a very nice residential neighborhood but it's not exactly known for its fine dining and nightlife.  He was amazed at this little place.  Even more amazed that it actually exists.  I told him to enjoy himself and order whatever he wanted, the evening was on me.  (Yeah I know.  We have joint credit cards & bank accounts!  So sue me!).  Davio gives you a choice of how you want to order.  You can have the prix-fixe complete dinner, or you can order ala- carte.  Rick opted for the prix-fixe and you know, it ain't a bad deal.  For $32.00 you get your bread with fagiolini and gorgonzola spreads course, your chef's pasta of the day, your main course with chef's choice of vegetable, your Biscotti, and coffee or tea.  Rick opted for the filet mignon as his main course.As for me, I wanted pasta.  I'm a type-1 diabetic and I wanted to give my insulin a workout!   Really though, their pasta here is just s-o-o-o wonderful.  My Linguine al Pescatore (linguine with  shellfish feast of lobster tail, shrimp, and scallops) was simply divine.  I thought about trying something different for my antipasta, but the buffalo milk mozzarella is just too good to pass up.I don't believe they serve alcohol here, but they might allow BYOB and they might have a corkage fee.  I'm a non-drinker so I don't pay attention to that sort of thing.  Call them before you do the ol' BYO thing.  Rick and I had a wonderful meal at Davio.  He loved that I took him out on a date and planned the whole evening.  Um, too bad we had to ride the "T' and the bus home!
4	Great food, totally old-school Italian.  Bring a bucket to either vomit in or take your leftovers home with.  Seriously.  This is a minimum 2-hour experience complete with 6 courses.  The pasta entree I ordered must have been two pounds of pasta.  And this was after two apps, the standard salad that comes with each entree, and the assorted bread and wonderful dipping sauces.Service was a tad slow and they don't have a liquor license -- which makes the pricing on the menu ($40 for a pasta dish!?) a little suspect.  But overall it was a nice experience.
5	As good as it gets!  Go for lunch if you don't have the $$$ for the dinner prices.  You will start with breads, divine fried bread, onion bread and foccacia with the 3 dips, Gorgonzola, oil, or bean/greens dip.  Next comes the salad, which is dressed with vinegar/oil.  A nice salad with greens, walnuts and dates.  Next is whatever you ordered, I've had the best pasta puttenesca, and a divine eggplant Parmesan  They also have a $20 lunch which includes three different dishes along with the salads and breads.  .
2	The first time we went it was amazing but we paid 55 dollars a plate for pasta, the next time was ok but very inconsistent we got the same dish and things were missing on my dish when we complained they were very rude. we decided to try it one more time and I got my dish and my lobster tail was completely raw inside so once again I had to complain they took the dish back to cook the lobster and once again were very rude I will never go back the serving size is large but if you want to split a meal they charge you a 20 dollar fee
5	Love it everytime I eat here.  I friend introduced me to this place 6 years ago and it was love at first taste.  Thanks Giaco.  Its BYOB so come prepared.  The lamb chops are my fav.   Really its tough to go wrong.
5	As the rating suggests...as good as it gets.  OK, so it's not cheap, but in my opinion it's one of the best Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh.Go hungry, and plan on spending at least 2 hours.  I love the grilled sausage and peppers appetizer.  My wife thinks the greens 'n beans are excellent.We always do a pasta course as well.  The tomato basil sauce with a touch of cream is fantastic.Their signature dish for years has been the double cut veal chop.  Can't miss.
4	Attending a conference in Pittsburgh and wanted to get out of the downtown area where I have eaten a hundred times before. Not sure how I got there or what part of town I was in, but was happy to have gotten there. This is a house, turned into a restaurant, it's BYOB so we didn't have anything with us ( being out of towners) The food was great. I asked for something spicy to which I had a wonderful concoction of sausage , meatballs and a very spicy arriabiata sauce . My business partner was equally happy, though I don't recall what he had. The service was very friendly and prompt. It is a rather intimate location so probably not so great for a business dinner, however I wouldn't let that prevent me from going again. I'm posting this a bit late so I can't recall everything we had, but we were very happy and I remember it was good enough to post a very delayed review!
3	Davio, I really wanted to love you.  I wanted so much for you knock my socks off.  I had the bone-in Rib-eye.  It was too under cooked for there to be that great crust you expect on this cut of meat.  One of my companions ordered the same but well and she got rare.  We were having too much fun to complain.  The other guest had the hair of five angels.  This tasted very good.  It included these GIANT pieces of lobster.  Giant mushy/dry pieces of lobster proving the adage that bigger doesn't necessarily mean better.  On the plus - the wine was great - Davio is a BYO and the bread is too good to admit that I ate most of it.
5	The food at Davios is  excellent, service is wonderful.
2	Eeew no! Very disappointing. We came here for brunch since it's really cheap compared to their dinners (very expensive!), and it wasn't good. The fried dough was very good, but my Farmer's Wife frittata sucked! It had no flavor except for sour asparagus. Our server was brusque and inattentive. She kept bitching about us not makin a reservation even though we called ahead and were told it was ok to come over. it wasn't busy either. She then ignored us when it came time to settle up and didn't total up our check, which meant we had to use our calculators on our phones. Nice decor though, but you can't eat that. lol. The clientele is mainly rich, old, stuffy people too even though it's in Beechview which is not Mt. Lebo. No thanks.
2	I was very excited to try this place given the many great reviews. When I called to make the reservation a lovely man on the phone asked me what table I wanted, reminded me to bring a bottle of wine, was very funny and gracious on the phone. When we arrived we were promptly seated. We were off to a good start when they served us a basked of assorted breads and 3 spreads/oils for the bread. When I asked the server what the spreads were he looked at me as if I had annoyed him and quickly rattled off what they were. I actually did not catch what he said, so can't describe them. The salads were very good. The addition of the dates with the balsamic dressing is something I hope to repeat. The server, again with no personality at all, took our orders. We ordered the Linguine allo scoglio and Linguine di duminica. The seafood in the allo scoglio was good and the dish was spicier than expected, but with us that's a plus. I found the meatball and the sausage in the di duminica to be rather bland though. Both pasta dished were good by all means, but nothing that make me what to rush back to this place. I tend to like places were the food and the service are very good, and the server seemed bothered that he needed to wait on us the entire night. I kept wondering were the great guy was that had taken our reservation on the phone. There also were two women who were working and they certainly seemed friendlier. At the end of the night he brought us 2 biscotti with our check. We have a favorite Italian place already and I was hoping to add this one to the list since we live so close to it, but I don't thing we'll be back. Perhaps some of the specialties are the better items on the menu given their high price tag but these basic pasta dishes just didn't make the cut.
3	Not impressed with dinner at Davio.  Service can make or break a dining experience and I have to admit, I felt as though I was eating at Eat 'N Park.  The food was ok, but not on par with other similar restaurants.  The server was unprofessional and had no idea what was on the menu, or how to answer questions regarding it.  Do not waste your time, spend a few more dollars and go to Arlecchino or Alla Familia.
2	I just don't understand it.  How can a restaurateur responsible for the makings of such knock-your-socks off good Italian joints such as Alla Famiglia operate such a let down?I've been to Davio twice now (both thanks to Groupons), and both times, what ensued was more a less your standard grotesquely over-portioned, bland-favored yinzer Italian reminiscent of the Grandview Ave restaurants that are now well past their prime.This doesn't count the one Sunday morning we had reservations made to try brunch, only to be locked out of the restaurant (literally) with other patrons and no advanced notice given.  We later found out the chef apparently just quit and decided not to let anyone know.Props for BYOB, but other than that, I'll pass.  My fish had no flavor whatsoever and the wife's lobster pasta was the same story.  The bread at the beginning of dinner was decent, but the "complementary" dips provided were better left be.  Same can be said for the "complementary" macaroons and truffles at the end of the meal.  While the macaroon was at least edible, I actually spit the chocolate truffle back out due to an overpowering metallic taste.3 strikes...  you're out!
3	Food is generally very good, but the prices are sky-high and the service is hit-or-miss.This restaurant is reasonably food-allergy friendly, but it is expensive.Personally, I think Casa Rasta next door is a much better option!
2	went with a groupon... meal portions so HUGE they actually discourage the appetite. One gentleman seated nearby sighed in frustration when his double big jumbo portion of steaks were served. yes, they serve a two steak meal...another couple left with two doggie bags containing 5 take out boxes. and another couple seated closest to us just kept eating and eating and eating. Davio's is an orgy of excess. the concern for quantity apparently making up for merely adequate food. Why are the portions so incredibly huge? what' the deal with all the complimentary dips and 6 different types of bread? is this dinner or a pacific northwest potlatch? davio, get rid of the excess and concentrate on some quality well prepared food served in human sized portions. The decor is pseudo Italianate decorator outlet, but more fun than the dinner. i could not stop staring.
1	UGHHH LOVED THIS PLACE! Now closed? Thanks for posting... after we walked down there twice trying to use our Groupon. I'm already sad that you're closed, but, can you post it maybe? :(I'm sad.*Update 10/27* I emailed the address listed on the website, asking if they were opening back up... I got an email back about Mr. Davio having health problems, and that being the reason they are closed. While I do sympathize, I think as a business it is important to let patrons know what is going on. Especially since they just had another groupon available (which we bought). So I do hope they open back up.
