1	Worst customer service I have ever experienced (only go if your a male). The two women who were working were gossiping about hooking up with men, while cutting these two children's hair. I told her I wanted a few high lighs to freshen my look for a wedding. That I was trying to get my hair healthy so I dont want a bunch. The woman was not friendly at all but i figured oh well its Supercuts. Once she finished putting highlights in I was spun around and saw she had put tons of right lights in. She announced it would be 85 dollars. I told her I would not pay. That if I wanted a 85 dollar color job I would have gone to my regular salon. She told me to go to the sink. Rinsed my hair aggressively and told me to leave. Refusing to give me a towel and in front of other customers just said ok leave. Will never go back. Thought I would save a few dollars and get 4-5 high lights before a wedding. Ended up spending 160 to get my tye-dyed hair fixed the next morning and missed my best friends wedding rehearsal. RUDE salon.. Just pay 85 and go to a nice salon that will pamper you.
3	It's Supercuts, so I can't say that my expectations were very high.  My old barber is in Tempe.  I now live in Desert Ridge.  I was in desperate need of a haircut, and since a 40 minute drive for a pretty basic haircut doesn't make much sense, I decided just to go to the chain shop right down the street from my house.  The place was empty when I arrived in the middle of the afternoon, so I immediately sat down with the "stylist" that approached the register when I entered.  She seemed warm and pleasant, but I was very tired and didn't have much to say.  What's left of my hair isn't that difficult to work with, and she did exactly what I asked for, in a very short amount of time.While I won't call it one of my better haircuts, it certainly doesn't look bad.  Hopefully I won't wait until the last minute before my next haircut, but if I do, this place certainly works in a pinch.  Plus; $15 is pretty cheap compared to what most places charge.
4	I would always recommend asking for melony for a haircut, she's been cutting for 20 years and knows how to cut hair. I'm not too sure about others but I strongly recommend choosing her! She's cut my hair for years and I absolutely adore her.
5	I have been going to rebeckha lafferty for years..best at cutting very thick hair and colors knowledge is great. .only go to her. .If she is off wait till she is available. ..
