5	Long live the free sample.Never had any problems with parking, or waiting in line to pay even at the gas pumps...maybe I'm just lucky.  And where else can your tummy growl and get immediate satisfaction in the form of chocolate milk, tamales, pizza, and ravioli in teensy little cups that make you feel a little naughty when you take one?  As if you somehow need to sneak off into some dark corner of the store with your five items snickering to yourself as you gobble them up...No need for lunch when you're shopping here!
5	Who dosen't like Cosco, I love this place. The pizza is cheap and good.
5	how can you NOT love Costco?  I mean you can get almost anything (ok ok... yeah sometimes you have to get A LOT of it) at very good pricing.The food court is an excellent deal for a bite to eat.  The quality of products and the return policy are great as well!
5	Ok, look for $1.50 to get a big hot dog or Polish Sausage.. and free refills how can you argue. This place has never dissapointed in that special. I live within a mile and when I want a quick midday meal or just a easy dinner this fits the bill, and if I want to splurge I get the sundae. For around $3 I get a nice meal.
2	People in this world are either a Costco fan or a Sams Club fan.  Besides the fact that I hate Wally-World I really like the randomness of Costco.  There's always a surprise inside!  I've had a membership for 12 years.  Just the basic one though and lately something has changed in their in store marketing that really SUCKS!!!  They pay people to walk back and forth among the checkout stands scanning your membership card and trying to get you to upgrade your membership.  They say its just good customer service but COME ON MAN!  You wouldn't pay someone $15 an hour to get me to upgrade if you didn't make a tone of money off the deal.  I'm sure that they have some statistic that upgraded customers spend $1500 more a year at the store so naturally the more people that they upgrade then that's just an easy revenue boost.  I don't want to spend any more money!!!!! LEAVE ME ALONE.  Now here's the real problem.  They won't stop asking me and argue with me when I politely say NO.  So then I have to explain the economics of the deal which must be different then what their manager told them when they got the assignment to get me to upgrade my membership.  So then I just get mad and don't return until I need 5 dozen eggs and 400 diapers again...I'm seriously thinking about changing to Sam's Wally-mart(The survey asked if they accept credit cards, Yes they do but only AMEX.)
5	Love that this Costco has a gas station. Love that this Costco is clean. Love that this Costco has friendly employees. Love that this Costco has everything I need in BULK! I have been price comparison with the regular grocery stores (with coupons). Costco has still come in cheaper.
3	Costco, Costco, Costco..where do I begin? Stop getting rid of the stuff I love!!!! We go to Costco for the regular staple items...tp, paper towels, laundry detergent and of course the food samples. But it erks me that when I find something there and go back to get more two weeks later, it is NO Where to be found. URRRGGHHH!
5	I usually don't shop at Costco only because it's a few miles farther then the "other"  box store.Well - let me tell you about the Costco on McDowell in Avondale - went on Saturday - high peak time - and EVERY single employee was absolutely top notch.  Talk about customer service - the staff should give training sessions to other businesses in the Valley - starting with Albertson's!Thanks Costco!
5	So much better than Sam's club. Clean, fast lines, great deals.
5	The local Costco. What can I say? great place to stock up on paper products and pantry items. Also great place to find quality seafood and meats. If you want to buy a big ticket item such as a tv or computer or even jewelry. You'll be hard pressed to find anywhere else that can match price and quality of Costco.
5	Based solely on the fact that you can get the cheapest meal in town( a fat hot dog and a soda for $1.50) deserves 5 stars.
1	Horrible pharmacyAs a first-time user of the pharmacy, they dogged it.  I dropped off my Rx and the young lady gives the impression she is doing you a favor to have your business.  Curt with little information offered as I validated my insurance is accepted.  You apparently have to wait until the next business day to pick things up, so know it could be a few days lag.  If your order is urgent, you may want to go somewhere that understands time.  Fortunately, my order wasn't urgent.And then they never called that the Rx was in.  We happened to be there for groceries, so I checked in.
5	6 Gallons of mayo! Whee!
4	I like Costco.  It's fun to go to on a Saturday to walk around have some samples or a quick bite to eat. Beef hot dog or polish with a coke for 1.50 cheap. Pizza is not bad huge slices for 1.99.
4	Me and my family always enjoy making a special trip to Costco, we love it there!!Love the different brands they carry, the quality, and the goodies they have to offer as samples. It works, because now we are hooked on some items after sampling them one day. Like the Babba Foods Hummus, Pita Chips, and Flatbread, whenever they have the on display, we always get them! They have a very good Optical department, my boys, both have had a visit to their Ophtalmologist, and have had their prescriptions filled there as well.And we always plan on eating lunch-dinner there, it's an adventure for the kids, and it's not draining to our pockets!!  We go for the pizza by the slice (huge portion), the hot-dogs (comes with a soda), and the CHURROS!!
3	We love Costco and spend a ton of money there and have been members for close to 20 years. We've shopped at a lot of different locations and this one is probably the worst of them. The place is always way too busy and the lines are VERY long. We come down the final isle and the carts are backed up half way through the store and they don't have all the checkout lanes open.I'll watch the cashiers as I wait in line and most are very slow and taking their time with no thought to the massive line waiting to checkout.I wish they would build another further west in the valley (Goodyear) to take some pressure off this location. We go to Sam's a lot just because it is so much quicker and easier to get in and out of.
1	I tried to submit this to their corporate on Costco.com, but it wasn't working. I tried 3 separate times. So I guess I will put it here on yelp and hope that their corporate HQ takes a peek every once in a while. I was shopping at Costco yesterday, and brought along my mother, who I take care of and lives in my home. We have shopped at Costco a countless number of times before together. Sometimes she pays for the purchase, though it is my Costco account/membership. Because we go together, and I am present when using my Costco card, it has never been an issue. I literally shopped at Costco 2 weeks ago and my mother paid using her debit card, and not a word was said. We have the same residence, and she is an immediate family member. Yesterday when checking out with our items, I was refused service by the checker, because my mother was using her debit card to pay (even though it is a joint bank account). Both the checker and the manager were extremely rude, and of course my mother and I were both frustrated because this had never been an issue in the past. When I offered to bring in my receipt from 2 weeks ago showing that we did the same type of transaction, the manager told me it didn't matter. That not all the checkers enforced this rule, and I was either to pay with a card in my name or I would have to return to make my purchases when I had one with me. I found this completely unacceptable. I have no problem following a rule in place, but I have shopped at Costco's all over California and here in Arizona for the past 8 years and this has NEVER been an issue. If it is a rule, it should be enforced across the board. If it is not a valid rule, then these people should be corrected. Not only was the experience frustrating, but they were so rude and snobby that I will not be returning to that Costco location, and am seriously considering discontinuing my Costco membership all together. I was very disappointed as I normally have fantastic service and deal with friendly employees when I go into Costco, which is a big reason that I choose to shop there.
3	Today was my first time going to this Costco location. The last time I was in a Costco was in the early 2000s when we lived near the Arrowhead location. Not much has changed, from what I can tell. The only downside is that they only accept debit or Amex, both in the store and at the gas station. We had a Sam's membership prior to this and while they only accepted Discover or debit inside, they accepted Visa/MC credit cards at the pump. It's kind of annoying as I don't want an Amex card and prefer to buy gas with credit for the cash back bonus. That said, the price of gas at Costco seems to regularly be around 10 cents cheaper than the surrounding gas stations. As far as product goes, I like the selection of things offered. They have the BEST muffins over in the bakery (the poppy seed and chocolate are my favorite) but the cost of various items are hit and miss. Example, ground beef is currently $3.19/lb (unless you get a case, which is 60 lbs for $2.77) and I can typically get it cheaper at Bashas. Chicken is the same deal; $1.99/lb for boneless/skinless breasts and often the same price or cheaper at regular stores. That said, the vacuum packed individual bags are worth the trip to Costco for us, since it makes freezing easier. This location is in a rather meh area, and it's busy as heck on the weekends. Compared to the crowd I remember at the Arrowhead store, customers shopping here, as a whole, tend to be incredibly impatient and have limited manners. Not the fault of the store, obviously, just location. I wish they would open one in Goodyear. If it weren't for the better products/service I would probably go back to Sam's, simply because of the gas station accepting other credit cards and also that fact that it is never as busy as this Costco is.
5	Oh man, I love Costco! I frequently shop here enjoy browsing the aisles for great deals. I especially love the food samples! This place is amazing!
4	Costco picks great locations. We travelers appreciate the convenience to major freeways for filling our tanks with gas. No mystery, the prices are almost always the best in town, but always the best quality of gas. Thanks Costco!
4	This location has the best ease of entry and exit of their parking lot.  This store is well organized and clean my only complain is that this location always runs out of pumpkin pies during Thanksgiving.  If this is my only complaint then this store is doing well.  I'll tell you the things I like about Costco:* rotisserie chicken*gas station*stuffed salmon*cheap prescription meds*large Naked Juices*movie passes*fresh chicken noodle soup*bulk granola bars*large selection of fish in their freezer sectionThe best days to shop are Monday-Wednesday when the crowds are light.  The employees are always helpful.  If you need air in your tires and you didn't buy your tires here, it doesn't matter they happily top your tires with air.  Note to management, you started to carry gluten-free items in your freezer section but are no longer available.  You sold these freezer items quickly and hope you bring them back!  A car wash would be great at this location.
5	I mean, Costco...come on they have nearly everything.But thing I like best is that they change it up. I am the home chef and now that it's gotten cooler in the desert, I'm bringing on my 'soup troupe' recipes. They have 2 types of chicken broths one can purchase. And if you don't feel like cooking your own, you can choose from two types of corn chowder, turkey sausage & kale, chicken tortilla soup, lobster bisque, clam chowder, and some others whose names are slipping my memory...To avoid some health challenges, I've noticed also the number of gluten-free products increasing....and these products still taste very good... (Gluten-free apparently does HAVE to mean taste-free!)
1	Way too packed and unorganized no matter what time you go.
5	I love costco! Far better than SAMs club! This place is always packed though, which is always a good sign for the most part. I love the food court, we bought 3 hotdogs which comes with 3 drinks, a whole pizza and a yogurt, all under 20$!! What a steal!! We were hungry that day lol! But the food is good!
5	I love Costco!
1	First, we love Costco and have shopped there for 20+ years but this specific location frustrates me to no end. I'm to the point where I can't stand going in this store because it is such a zoo as it covers way to large of area/population. They really need to build another further west in Goodyear.We went in the store Sunday evening about 4:30pm. We got four items and stood in the long lines to check out. One of the items required us to pick up the item at the secure cage at the front of the store so after we checked out when walked to the cage where there were six employees and a Supervisor named Jason.I wanted to get away from the crowd so I left the receipt with my wife and walked about 30 feet away and stood out of the way of people while she waited to get our item out of the cage. I watched for 10 minutes while each employee took turns working on the computer near the cage while the Supervisor Jason looked over their shoulder. Each one would finish on the computer and walk right past my wife who was standing right in front of the desk with her hand and receipt resting on the desk waiting for someone to ask to help her. None of the six employees or the Supervisor even looked up at her and just ignored her.I got upset since it had now been 10 minutes plus so I walked over there and took the receipt and stood there waiting to be helped. 5 more minutes and four more employees walked right past us and would not help us.I finally lost it and yelled "does anyone work here that will help us", to my surprise one employee who doesn't even have access to the cage looked up from working on the computer and said "oh, I thought someone was helping you" and the Supervisor Jason turned away from us and walked away. I said "no, we've been standing here for 15 minutes and over 10 employees have ignored us.She took our receipt and said "Jason can you get this out of the cage for them" and he turned around with a disgusted look and got the item for us without saying a word.This is definitely the worst managed Costco we've been to and we've lived all over the country in 30 years of military life.
5	Costco is great except for the crowds and the bill at the end! But I'm pretty happy with the new healthy items they are starting to stock. The value of their items combined with the quality is unparalleled. Can't go wrong here!
5	I've always been a fan of Costco....today they really blew us away! We had an insane storm hit today and my sister and I both have 7 week old babies. We had 4 Costco employees help my sister, mom and I into our car in the pouring rain. And when I say storm, I mean it was the craziest storm I've ever been experienced in the 26 years I've lived in Arizona. Thank you Costco for helping us get into our car safely....! You rock!
1	First let me say that I love Costco however I do not love their pharmacy. There is no level of service at that place. If you call in a prescription and they can't fill it, they don't let you know until you show up to purchase your prescription. I have moved my prescriptions to Walgreens where you can get a very good level of service at no cost due to their systems. I get automated phone calls when my prescription is filled, I can set up a reminder each month and have it filled automatically, and when they don't have my particular medicine they will call all over the place to find it for me. The folks at the Costco pharmacy act like they couldn't care less if you don't have your medicine. The only time that I may use this pharmacy is when it is for something that is not covered by my prescription insurance & I guess the few times i will use them  is worth the few dollars saved, like on vet meds.
4	gave me to work down every floor of the store, honestly, did not like the store except the ground where it has the jewelry, makeup and perfumes, bathrooms need is a map, difficult location, does not have a good service, the outlets of Florida to lose his head much easier, even the deals did not please me
