3	Grade: C-I'm not sure what was the most interesting: the local drunks at the bar, my rubbery bluegill fillets or the decor that time forgot or rather, abandoned. Good prices and service.
5	If you are looking for a great fishfry this is your place. My husband and I have been going to Toby's for 5 years. We have never had a bad meal. Everything is great. My husband loves the chicken and I haven't had better shrimp than the ones at Tobys and I grew up in Florida.It's family owned and everyone in the family works there.We are there at least twice a week.There is quite a wait on Fridays but it is so worth it.
4	Quick and dirty review: Perhaps one of the best fish frys in Madison, featuring Baby Pike, Cod, and Perch.  Decent sides, cheap drinks, decent service, but extremely tiny and easily packed - especially on Friday nights.Detailed review: the fish fry fanatics crew selected Toby's Supper Club as the target for our taste buds this week.  We were "warned" by a co-worker that it was a "local/townie" type place, but it didn't deter us.  We ventured out to Toby's, found a parking spot, and muscled our way into the place.I say "muscled" because the place was PACKED.  We arrived at around 7:30pm that evening; we didn't get seated at a table until nearly 10:00pm... It was ridiculously full.  And hot.  Too many people and not enough A/C, for sure!Despite the packed-to-the-gills nature, we were quickly served by the bartenders.  Talk about "machines" - the two folks that were tending the bar were going non-stop, multi-tasking, and never missing a beat.  May not have been the friendliest service, but they were literally giving change while mixing a drink and taking at least 2 additional orders... all at once.  Free pretzels were a nice touch as well.Oh, and did I mention the drinks were cheap?!  Whiskey Old Fashioned Sour: $3.  Beers - dunno, but we drank for 3 hours on $30.  That's good by my book.The ordering process is interesting... you'll be sitting/standing at the bar, and out of nowhere will appear a waitress.  She'll take your order and will then grab you when your food and table are both ready.  We ordered: Baby Pike, Cod, and Lake Perch with a side of cheesy hashbrowns.As mentioned, the wait was incredibly long - at least 2.5 hours.  But it was worth it.  Our table became available, we were seated, and we enjoyed a pre-dinner salad (nothing fancy, but fresh and tasty), and the customary carrots/celery/radish/green onion bowl of veggies.The fish arrived, and wow.  Wow - that's about all I can say.  So wonderful.  Lightly breaded, fried to perfection, and not a single hint of grease.  Served piping hot, to boot.  What we all liked about the fish was the fact that the fish was actually the star - the breading wasn't overdone and it didn't steal any of the thunder from the fish.  The hashbrowns were huge and perfectly cooked - dark/crispy brown crust with a perfectly melted cheese blend on top.  Just a hint of grease, but we're picking nits here...The bill arrived - $44 for the three of us, including another round of drinks.  Our server, Rhonda, was absolutely stellar as well - she took fantastic care of us, and it turns out that her son and his girlfriend were the bartenders.Summary: Toby's Supper Club = WINFood: 4.5 - 4.75 starsService: 4.5 starsValue: 4.5 starsAtmosphere: 4.5 stars (classic supper club: paneling, dark wood)Misc: Dinged slightly for the long wait and sauna-like heatSummary: It's worth the wait to get fish here on Friday nights.  Just dress comfortably, bring some cash for the bar, and be prepared to wait.
5	I love this supper club. I love waiting at the bar drinking a little brandy.  I love that the waitstaff takes your order while you relax at the bar.  I love the lake perch more than most fish in Madison. I have never had a bad experience.  Enough said.
5	Toby's is wonderful.  Family run and super friendly.  Sit at the bar, have a cocktail and get your dinner order in.  When things are ready to roll, the staff will seat you and most often your soup/salad is waiting at the table when you arrive.  The lake perch and the fried chicken are excellent.  Don't miss this place!
4	Great food, cheap drinks and super friendly staff.  What's not to like.  The fish fry is awesome and the fried chicken is some of my favorite.  This is my go to place when I'm in Madison.
4	FIrst time at a Supper Club. Tons of fun! Definitely a different experience. Cod is delicious. Two pieces is plenty with all the extras you get (rolls, potato, salad, relish tray...)
5	Great lunch. In and out fast and even ice cream included.
4	This is one of those kitschy Wisconsin places that I love beyond reason, though the food is average. See my review of Brother's Three for similar sentiments.What's great about Toby's is the environment. It is a dark bar filled with old beer signs and locals, and for this, as well as the service and experience of eating here, I'd give the place five stars if my conscience would allow it.There's a procedure to Toby's. You enter and sit at the bar. You order at the bar, and the server comes to get you when your food is ready, and then you are seated.The bartenders make a great Old-fashioned, one of the best in the city. At your table, you'll find an array of decent goods typical of a supper club: a basket of de-frozen rolls; a plate of celery, carrots, and scallions; again, de-frozen cinnamon rolls for dessert; and breadsticks and butter.The best dish on the menu, one that I can't order, is fried chicken. They make it to order. Because of this, it can hold up the meal, which the server will generally alert you about. My friend loves the fried colossal shrimp, which is awesome and also $$$. I generally get the cod, which is good. I doubt any of the fish is fresh, but perhaps on the weekends, it is. All meals come with a salad. Get the blue cheese dressing. You can also add blue cheese crumbles. If you love fantastic service and Wisconsin kitsch, this is a great joint. Don't expect five-star food, despite the five-star reviews. The prices range from moderate to expensive.
4	Great food and service! Classic supper club atmosphere. Let me into employee/ regulars bathroom! Definitely a do-again
5	I loved the whole experience.  Old people like it here too.  Soup was bacon cheeseburger chowder.
5	Toby's has one of the best fish fry's around which makes this place SUPER packed on Fridays.  Expect an hour wait as they do not take reservations. We have never had bad food here and we come here 2 - 3x/month. My husband loves the steaks. I usually order a variety of their seafood. We love the supper club effect with the veggies out first.  Salads are always fresh.  I recommend you try Toby's if you are not in a hurry.  They are just that good!  You will not be disappointed. Relax with one of their signature key lime martinis...better yet, make it two!!!
5	Toby's has the best fish fry in the Madison area without a doubt. We visited Toby's for the first time last Friday and were instantly impressed with the friendly service at the bar while we waited for our food. I had read about Key Lime Martinis being their specialty drink so I ordered one and it was delicious! Another one quickly followed the first it was so tasty. The fish was great. I ordered the cod and my Dad tried the baby pike and the perch. All three were excellent. I think the baby pike was my favorite. I never expected to have impressive french fries along with the fish but we couldn't believe how amazing the fries tasted. Crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The hash browns were perfectly browned. Loved the relish tray and the bread basket. We had a friendly server who urged us to try some of the breaded shrimp and that too was just another deliciousness to add to this meal. We left the place knowing we would be back.
2	Avoid this place.  Its super loud, and the weird seating gimmick is a nightmare.  Food was nothing better than average.
4	Super supper club!!!   Generous and reasonably priced drinks, friendly staff and some of the best fish in the land?!!??    It is easy to see why this place is packed as early as 5:30 on a Friday night. I am fussy and this place has me captivated after our first visit. Time to try the steaks which people say are great.
4	Arrive. Order* with a waitress. Drink while you wait for a table. Sit down an hour and a half later. Eat. Lots. Repeat next Friday. *two pieces of cod, fries and slaw
5	Fish. Eat it, enjoy it, thank me later
4	I almost didn't Yelp about Toby's, the place is so busy as it is.  Read the other reviews if you want a lot of details on the whole awesome experience that is Toby's on a Friday night, and it is awesome, from the food to the whole semi-surreal ambience, but I only have two things to say:1.  Go there.  Seriously.2.  Go online to their menu, figure out what you want before you go.  Trust me.  You're welcome in advance.  ps: one of the things Yelp asks you to rate is child friendliness, and that's a hard one with Toby's,  My 11 year old LOVED it.  But she's not a whiny, spoiled little ball of walking entitlement with zero patience.  That said, you'll wait 90 minutes for a table, prepare.
5	We had dinner here with family after Thanksgiving. OMG!  Their fried chicken is the best I've had in my 59 years!  Moist, salty...but not too...perfectly done!  From the Key Lime Martini to the cinnamon rolls at the end...fantastic!  For my Texas friends who will understand...this is better than Babe's!
4	Loved this place. Classic Wisconsin supper club with wood paneling. Order your drink, order with a waitress, drink some more, get seated an hour later and enjoy. Great fish fry! Not good for Kids who aren't patient but my 6 year old did great! We will be back
5	Kicking it up a star because draaaanks are cheap, service it bomb and food is consistently tay-hay-sty.
5	Never been for the fish fry (I've never had the patience to wait through the crowds they get on Fridays), but the steaks are great for the price. Drinks are cheap and strong, service is always spot-on and the atmosphere is a hoot. It's a little piece of authentic retro Wisconsin. Fun to take out-of-town guests to.
1	We dropped by this place on a Fish Fry Friday which is a big night for Toby's. The place is so packed that they try to cut back on the time you take up at a table by having you order your food before being seated. You then stand around should to shoulder with other people who are waiting and you all have to work together to let the employees pass through. Our party was seated 20 minutes after ordering. My bland plate of fish wasn't something I'll come back for. I'm just too use to food with seasoning on it.
3	I just can't see the attraction to this place.  I will start with the positives.  The service was good and attentive and you can tell they have a loyal clientele but it ended there for me.  We all had steaks. I ordered the t-bone and my wife and son that the fillet.  They weren't good, they were bland and tasteless.  For the same price you can get a better steak elsewhere.  Not worth the money and we won't be back.
2	I have no idea why this place is so popular. After three attempts, we finally rode out the wait for the fish fry. After all, can ALL those people be wrong? Well, yes they can. Let every other town in American, Madison has it's share of cheap b---ds that will endure any indignity to get a bargain. That seems to be the draw of this dumpy little joint.The drinks aren't expensive, but that means you get what you pay for. The fish was rubbery, the service perfunctory, and the decor beyond kitschy -- just old and tired. The restaurant equivalent of flying coach.
2	For the all hype this places gets, it sure didn't live up to it. Sure, it was busy- what place isn't on a Friday night in Wisconsin. Rail drinks were prices right- two drinks for $6.00. I ordered the lake perch- what a DISAPPOINTMENT. If you've been to Door County/eastern WI and had perch there, don't bother with Tobys perch. It was not good. My cottage cheese was warm, and my date's "salad" was lettuce with salad dressing plopped on it. No veggies, croutons- nothing. The server was nice enough, for bring so overwhelmed and busy.
4	Great service at the bar. Food is good, not great. If you are looking for a classic Wisconsin Supper Club experience, this is your place. Experience was awesome, food was above average. I would go with the cod over the perch.
3	I have been wanting to try Toby's for awhile now because I heard the food was wonderful and my husband and I love Wisconsin supper clubs. We decided to go on a Saturday night because we were told Friday Fish Fry's were extremely busy! Will so was Saturday night. So it must be good right? Will it was just OK. We arrived around 7:30 and was able to find a spot at the bar. We ordered our drinks and asked to see a menu. 20 minutes later still no menu. I finally asked a different bartender and we got them right away. He was great! Even gave me a free drink for almost spilling a full drink on me... We placed our order and waiting only about 30 minutes for a table. I ordered the house salad with their house dressing. I wish I would have asked for the dressing on the side. Big mistake. It was swimming in dressing. YUCK! The veggie dish is a nice touch. Our food came out about 25 minutes after our salads. We had another couple with us so we didn't mind the wait time. I had ordered the grilled pesto garlic shrimp which was the special that night and it was very good. On their menu they say they are known for their hash browns. I have to ask myself why?? Nothing special at all. My husband had the New York Strip which he said was just OK. Nothing he would rush back again to order. He also had the hash browns and was not impressed. The other couple with us had the baked potatoes and fried shrimp. They both enjoyed their meal. Would we try it again?? Sure.
1	Walked in on a busy fish fry night for the first time.  No hostess spot, so we wondered around until a waitress barked at us to go to one of the bartenders.  The bar was two people deep so that was nearly impossible.  Maybe the food here is that great but we left after feeling very unwelcome.
3	This used to be our go-to place for lake perch in the Madison area, but things have been slipping a bit lately in the food quality and portion department.  I consistently get the steak and lake perch and the last few times I've had it, the steak has been perfectly cooked to order.  The lake perch has been the downfall for me, though.  The fish tastes like freezer to me and always has tons of bones in it.  I would much rather go to the Avenue for lake perch.  Always get a baked potato, and it's hard to ruin that.   Salad is nothing to write home about - just a bowl of lettuce, but I do like their French dressing.  Rolls are always cold with rock hard butter.  I noticed last night that I had two fewer pieces of perch than I normally get.  Husband always gets the lake perch dinner and he loves it, but I think his tastebuds are slipping in old age.  We love that they are so good to our toddler here and they give out a treat to little ones at the end of the meal.  Service is usually prompt, but last night it was severely lacking even though it was slow with several open tables.  Took us 1.5 hours between ordering and finishing the meal, which is unacceptable.  Waitress made several errors with our orders, took 20 minutes to get white milk, drinks sat empty for 20 minutes as well.  Tip for those who want to try it - avoid the extremely busy Fridays and go later on a Saturday.  You can still order lake perch (although I told my husband that we will only go to the Avenue from now on after last night's debacle).
4	We've been driving yo the Dells area and back to the chi-town burbs for more than ten years always stopping to eat at the same few restaurants in either Madison or Janesville.  I decided to search for something different using Yelp and that is what brought my family and I to Toby's Supper Club. Toby's is 100% authentic supper club.  It is dark and has really low ceilings.  The bar takes up at least 35% of the restaurant and is always full.  The menu is as expected with multiple fried fish and steak options.  The prices are affordable and the cocktails are huge!!You immediately know that everyone in the place knows each other and probably has since childhood.  But everyone was friendly even tho we are lowly FIBs !!!I had the bluegill and lake perch B+.  While the fish tasted great I thought it was slightly overdone.My mother in law had the ribs A. They were perfectly cooked  and delicious! Oh yeah and the fried cheese curd app was coronary good!! If you are looking for an authentic quality meal stop on at Toby's!  You won't regret it!!!
3	I didn't know this place existed until Steve L. told me about it. It's one of those places that seems frozen in time, and gave me the weirdest, though not unpleasant, sense of deja vu. The service was very uneven; one great, attentive, jolly bartender, one mediocre one; one outstanding, friendly, funny waitress, one largely absent and stonefaced one (ours).The interior is dark, classic Wisconsin tavern. Sooo much so. All the classic beers are available - Schlitz, Old Style, etc., both of which we ordered. It was less busy than usual due to the Memorial day weekend, probably, so we didn't have a long wait.Fish fry options include catfish, always my choice. It was hot, a little greasy, and in thin fillets. The flavor was pretty indistinguishable from my companion's lake perch. Wasn't blown away, but nothing was bad. The salad was just iceberg lettuce, a bit on the dried out side, but still fine. Rolls (basic white, two of them) also a bit dried out, but we didn't eat til after 9 pm; probably everything was fresher earlier on. The hash browns arrived with a Kraft single melted on top, completing the feeling of basic home dining circa 1979.
3	Teetered between 2 and 3 stars; I'm downgrading my review based on the last visit of 5/23/14. Small group arrived at around 8:00pm and discovered the place a bit empty - definitely not shoulder-to-shoulder busy as it was during previous visits.+ Surprisingly quiet, calm and relaxed when we arrived- One female server was all over us to order; hounded us several times while we sipped our drinks at the bar. When we asked her for a few minutes, she seemed to be put out; we didn't see her the rest of the night (until table was ready).+ Gentleman bartender was friendly, fun, helpful, prompt, and professional- Female bartender was distant and aloof; never offered service/help+ Cheese curds at the bar were good; ranch was zesty and great+ Male bartender suggested we supplement with some pretzels (to use up the rest of the ranch) - great call/suggestionTable became ready, and we were seated directly adjacent to the busy kitchen door, which swung open/closed at least 200 times during our meal.- Salad consisted of pre-packaged iceberg lettuce with a few veggie shavings. Dry.+ French dressing was a wonderful throwback and better than I remember it as a kid- Perch was rubbery, greasy, and over-cooked; largely flavorless- Catfish didn't taste like catfish; it was very bland- Hashbrowns were no longer coated in nice, even layer of blended cheese; instead there was a semi-melted Kraft single glued to the top.- Our server was very inattentive, hurried, and not super friendly+ Other server was very friendly, fun, and helpfulI suspect we arrived a bit late, and it was a holiday weekend... regardless, I sort of expected more from this local legend.
5	Great place for old school Wisconsin supper club dining. Lots of food, small prices. No need for an appetizer when ordering entrees as they come with bread, cinnamon rolls, and relish tray. Great place!
3	Service was awesome, but a little pricey for stale rolls.  I generally dislike TV's in a restaurant, and Toby's had a lot of them. The food was standard.
3	My boyfriend and I were on our way back to Milwaukee when he wanted to stop and have dinner at a supper club. Toby's fit the bill!While I would describe the place more Wisconsin bar than supper club as far as decor, they did serve the obligatory relish tray so supper club it was. We ordered Old Fashioneds from a rather sour bartender who seemed annoyed that we didn't know how the place worked. She didn't really answer our question on that but the male bartender was very friendly and explained how the menu/ordering worked to all of his customers. The place was packed for Friday Night so our wait was decent but the drinks were great and cheap.Our server was super sweet and attentive. I had the cod fish fry and my boyfriend had the ribeye. The steak was ordered medium and I think it was mostly medium rare but it was really good--and I was expecting it to be terrible. The cod was huge and typical fish fry fare and my only complaint would be the tartar sauce was very sweet, too vinegary. I love having tartar sauce with my fish and I couldn't fully enjoy this.The rolls, salads and relish tray were all fine, nothing special. Prices were on the cheap side so I wasn't expecting anything grand here. I'd recommend this place as a bar joint with pretty good food, cheap date!
1	Horrible service! Crappy food! We waited 45 min at our table before we even got any type of food.
4	Good food, even greater atmosphere on a Friday night.  Order the Brandy Old Fashion Sweet and the fish fry.
4	Stopped in on a Monday night recently. Busy, even early. Terrific fried perch. The 6 oz steak special was excellent. They need to add braunschweiger to the relish tray but everything else, including the martini was perfect.
