5	Great new brewery opens officially Nov. 1. Preview night the beer was cold and great. Especially liked the American IPA with an assertive blend of hops. The Brown Porter is a great rich tasting brew as well.Well worth the trip to Verona.
4	We ran across this brewery by chance on Nov 4th and it happened to be their first week open.  Brand new everything.  We got a great tour from the president of the brewery.  We did samples in the taproom and took a couple 6 packs home with us.  Good brew.  We're coming back to visit this place again!
4	I have to give it to WBC...  they have to of made one heck of an impression on some serious investors.Unlike the tradition Oregon micro-brewery model (build to demand, rebuild, rebuild... etc.), WBC has started with some seriously ambitious investments and goals.  I decided to stop by the new brewery to try out the beers and a tour after reading a beer/wine magazine article waiting for a table at Great Dane.Overall, WBC's beers are solid.  I was a big fan of the Session IPA.  The other three currently on tap (porter, IPA, and amber) all were OK representations of their respective styles...  though the IPA could have used some additional malt or something to round out the bitterness.The tour guide wasn't overly familiar with the facility, nor how it worked, so I would of liked to have a brew master or similar available as myself and others were interested in learning much more about their process than just where the big pieces of equipment were.I have to say that the space is promising.  They're planning to put in an outdoor bar and entertainment venue, which should prove wildly successful I'd think.  I'll definitely stop back again once they go through their first round of expansion.
4	Beautiful brewery with exceptional micro brews! Stopped in with a party of 5 and took the brewery tour. The tour was short, as everything was housed in one warehouse, but impressive. They really know their beer here! The facilities were spotless and state of the art. Service was also exceptional with friendly, knowledgeable staff. They also keep it local! I would guesstimate that over 95% of the ingredients, machinery, and labor is from WI! (Apparently, they don't make kegs in the US.) They have an impressive business plan and I can't wait to go back once the beer garden in open!Sadly, they do not to have food. We would have stayed the entire night had there been something to eat. I will have to go back. Their coffee porter was outstanding and I need a growler!
2	I traveled to Madison for a weekend with old friends and was really excited about checking out some of the local breweries. We walked into this place Saturday afternoon. They were not terribly busy and we were served right away. I had the flight. We inquired about the tour and when the next one would start. We were told there was one that had just left, but that they were doing them more than every hour so to enjoy our drinks and we'd at least get in on the 3:00 tour. At no time did anyone offer to add our name to a list.When 3:00 came, someone was walking around checking in with people drinking to see if they were coming on the tour. When we said yes we were asked for our names. She said we weren't on the list, so we would have to be on the next tour, which would be at 3:30.So, we drank a little more and waited for the next tour. The 3:00 tour ended, and then the woman doing the tours started helping out behind the counter. I guess no 3:30 tour. Just before 4:00, a huge group of people came in that clearly had a tour appointment, so we left.Really annoying. The beers were fine. Nothing to write home about.
4	On one side, the brewery is a state-of-the-art efficiency beauty. Stainless steel everywhere, all hooked up to a little side room with a couple huge computer monitors and keyboard. The brewery itself is one giant room with equipment and a smaller refrigerated room for storage. They only need a few staff to keep the place producing beer, and they're making some pretty "drinkable" beers.  I say "drinkable" because that's what I keep hearing about their strategy for making beer. Don't expect cute names on the beer or daring flavors, just something that the mainstream craft drinker will enjoy.On the other side, our server/tour guide extremely not knowledgeable about the beer making process - even to the point of not knowing the flow of beer-making through the room (come on, it's only one room!). She did however, give us Brewmaster Kirby's business card and said we could contact him for questions, and the tour is free - so can't complain too much:) Overall - definitely worth a stop here to check out Wisconsin's shiniest brewery and have a couple "drinkable" pints in the tasting room. (Coming in summer will be an outdoor patio!)
1	Doug M.We had been looking forward to just stopping and trying a few beers (and the tour if possible) at WBC. Being a Saturday we checked the hours on the web site to make sure they would be open. TAPROOM HOURSMonday CLOSEDTuesday - Friday 3 p.m. to 9 p.m.Sat. 10 a.m. to 9 p.m.Sun. 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.After driving over from the eastside of Madison we finally found WBC we pulled into the parking lot at 6:00pm on Saturday finding every light turned off and closed...hence we stopped at the Great Dane in Fitchburg then Cottage Grove.
3	OK.  Don't drive here for a tour.  It takes less than 10 minutes.  You cannot hear the tour guide over the noise of the machinery.  Make a day of Madison-area breweries and add this one to your list.The good:  Great beer, shiny new facility, outstanding atmosphere outdoors (patio, pond, comfy chairs).  The not-good:  Hey, stinky, annoying hipster/hippie bartender?  Your laugh makes me want to die.  I think you were a hyena in a past life.  As mentioned above, the tour doesn't consist of much.  I'm looking forward to seeing how Wisconsin Brewing Company evolves over the next 2 years with all of their projects in the works.  Definitely worth a stop if you are in the area, but it is not destination/day trip material.
5	Excellent!  Excellent!  Excellent!  And Blake is just DREAMY!!!  DREAM-BOAT!!!!
3	A brilliant, shiny new brewery on the outskirts of Verona. WBC is state of the art and well laid out with a large, open tasting room and an inviting outdoor patio area. The waitstaff were extremely friendly, and adequately attentive despite us being the only ones visiting as they had just opened. They offer a full compliment of beers, that are much more on the safe side of craft beer. Culture than I normally am used to. These are beers brewed for the masses and not the connoisseur. Flavors are as muted and abv's are as sedated as the breweries name is original. I enjoyed my visit and will likely return but only if I'm passing by, this is not what I would consider a destination brewery. Their gift shop was quaint and they are marketing everything from soap to fleeces but better beer is what I am after. They do not serve food but our server proclaimed you are welcome to bring your own food or have food delivered.
4	Keeping in mind the brewery is just a year old, I was impressed. Zack, our tour guide, gave a great synopsis of both history and brew techniques. The outdoor bar with bag toss was great, and they'll be expanding with an outdoor entertainment venue soon that I'll be happy to visit. The brew floor was spotless with fantastic equipment. And the beer was fantastic; I highly recommend the IPA and/or Sweet Life. Looking forward to seeing more from them, including more of their beers in grocery stores and bars around the city.
4	Great outdoor area in summer. Live bands on Fridays. Good beers on tap, try the IPPB.
4	Probably my favorite of the physical brewery facilities we visited on out little beercation. Set in a small industrial park in Verona, it's got ponds and trees (and angry geese) surrounding it and they took advantage, creating a great outdoor area. I can see having a great wedding or other event here, but in addition to an outdoor bar and seating area, they scattered Adirondack chairs and even a small fire pit around their grounds. It's peaceful and relaxing and a perfect place to settle back with some friends and pints. We were the only ones on our tour, so we got a very personal accounting from our guide, which was awesome. She had a passion for the place, loved showing it off and really pulled me in with the story. The lowdown? Wisconsin's brewmaster was at Capital for many, many years when he decided he'd reached the pinnacle of that part of his career. What's next? Open a brewery, of course. He took another Capital higher up with him and that cache meant that before they did anything, they had beaucoup bucks in investments. That means this shiny new brewery is state-of-the-art and built exactly to their specifications. The building has a wall meant to come down to accommodate expansion. They decided that if they were going to call themselves Wisconsin Brewing, they had to put their money where their mouth was, so as much as possible, everything in the building is sourced from in-state. I really loved the idea of being handed carte blanche on your dream/profession. Basically, he'd done enough in his life to earn the ability to make exactly what he wanted here. That's pretty damn awesome. It's Madison, so there are bike racks in back. The tasting room has plenty of tables, a big TV and lots of choices to sample.
4	Was here on Saturday with some friends.  A real nice place with an interesting story.  Brand new facility.  Looks like it would be a great place to hang out in the summer with live music on Friday nights outside.  Will definitely go back.
