5	Robin is a stylist here and she's fantastic. It's been a few years since I've written this but when Ma Dukes called asking for a salon today in Charlotte I quickly found this place, called them and made her an appointment - with Robin :)When I went I got a cut and color. My hair looked naturally straight with body (it's naturally super curly) and the color was blonde with brown and some red.... ah! It was georgeous. Robin has unfortunately caused me to be weary of all other salons because I don't have faith that they'll be able to match her quality.
5	Robin is a super hair stylist, and the staff is always friendly! Great salon, great people!
4	After three years in Charlotte and much trial and error, it's finally happened: I found a hair stylist! After trying several different places, and sick of the overpriced corporate cuts, I was about to throw in the towel until I heard about Robin at All About You. She did a fantastic job on both my cut and color, (single color and long hair with layers), and the price was by far the most reasonable I have yet to come across in Charlotte. Robin has been cutting hair with the salon for over eight years now, so I was instantly at ease in her chair. (Keep in mind this is coming from a girl who can't stand getting the slightest of trims.) The salon itself is adorable, in an old house divided up into many rooms and nooks that offer both a comfortable and personal experience during your hair cut. I especially loved all the little framed quotations that were hung at every turn (see pics.) All About You offers other spa services as well so I will be back very soon to try those out. A very cozy, quaint place that delivers a professional job? Yes please. Robin, I think it's safe to say you are stuck with me!
4	I came here to get a trim on my naturally straight, long blonde hair. I wasn't sure what to expect and am always apprehensive about trying new salons. Since my hair is so fine, I know it can be hard to cut. My stylist did a good cut, so I can't complain about that. The only thing I didn't like was that she seemed in a hurry and that she didn't do much styling after the cut. The entire wash, trim and style took about 30 minutes. She did talk to me briefly about what kind of cut I wanted, but didn't ask how I wanted it styled at the end. She did a basic blow dry which left my hair pin straight (how it usually is). When I come to a salon, I like my hair to be styled with some pizzazz and oomph to it. I want it to be styled in a way that makes me feel like a celebrity when I leave. For this reason, I give the salon 4 stars instead of 5.
4	I have been going to All About You for a little over a year. Heather does my hair, and she does a fantastic job. I have zero complaints about the cut and color. She always does it just right!This is a cute salon, which is in what I think was an old house at some point. There are a bunch of different (small) rooms, so you are never in a room with more than 1 or maybe 2 other people getting their hair done at a time. I find this very preferable over the regular salon line of 10 chairs. It's a much more private experience.  The atmosphere is pretty laid back; not at all snooty (like I've found some salons to be).  I know they have services other than hair (nails, massages), but I've never used those, so I can't comment.If I had any complaints, it would be about 1) the parking; which sucks. They have a very small lot you can park in (if you're lucky - I've only gotten a space there early on a Saturday morning), but otherwise you are stuck with the street parking on Lombardy. And it is right across the street from Bad Daddy's (used to be Big Daddy's), so you are competing with those patrons, as well as people that live on that street, for parking. 2) the pricing; which seems a bit high to me ($160 for partial cut and color). Maybe my perspective is off, but that feels high to me. Overall, as far as hair care is concerned, I would give it 5 stars. I'm just giving it 4 because it breaks the (my) bank
5	I was in town totally last minute and decided to just "wing it" and made an appointment for color and cut with Tisha Caceres.  I was nervous at first because I wasn't familar with Tisha's skills, but right away her knowledge and experience made me feel at ease.  My hair is very thick and difficult to cut and I went from a "safe" long hairdo to "short" do.  Tisha followed thru with every single thing I asked for and she brought new ideas to the plate and I have gotten so many compliments on my hair.  My hair just feels right and is easy to style and I was very pleased that she took her time with me even though she was very busy she took no shortcuts and would not let me leave the salon until she felt totally confident with the job.  I would definately  recomend her services to ANYONE.  She is new to town so give her a chance and I am 100percent sure you will leave feeling happy and beautiful!!!
5	Went here on a referral and so glad I did! After giving up on my previous hairdresser who was always canceling and booked, I was looking for someone who was good with color and cuts and not impossible to get in with. I saw Brittany who like me lived in LA for awhile and I loved her! Not only was she super friendly and fun to talk to but I love my hair! The color is one of the best I've had and the cut simple and easy (exactly what I wanted). So happy I found a new place and new hair stylist!
5	Shannon always seems to know how I want my hair color and cut when I can't seem to find the right words to describe what I want.  Everyone is friendly and Jessica for waxing is excellent! I have recommended both Shannon and Jessica to my circle of friends.
5	Been going to Allison for almost 4 years and love her!!  She will take my fuzzy ideas and she brings them to life.  Very friendly and a great hairstylist.  The best!!!
4	I could not be happier with the level of service that Brittany provides. Every time I go in she listens to exactly what I want done and has never disappointed. I don't walk out with that dreaded "I hate my haircut" feeling, instead I am checking myself out in the mirror left and right because I love what she has done. Top it all off, she is so lovely to work with. I love chatting it up with her and can't wait until my next appointment.
