4	Service is so fast! The food is good, especially the innovative salad  choices. My son loves the bread sticks with 3 dipping sauces-asiago cheese, sun dried tomato, and marinara.Fun  outdoor seating available. Very casual place. Heard it was a chain down here but, as a former Chicagoan, I am particular about pizza and his is pretty good!
4	This place gets 4 stars because they deliver.  Wolfman offers a large selection of original pizzas, most of which are very tasty.  The one thing I will say about their pizza is that I don't love their crust or their pizza sauce, but at least half of the specialty pizzas come with an alternative sauce- I recommend the Greek pizza and the Thai chicken pizza.  The pizza is very yummy when it's hot, but it doesn't seem to keep all that well (it can be very juicy).  The salads are all great too, but I haven't been impressed by their pasta.UPDATE- every time I order delivery pizza they mess up the order, the pizza is great, but how hard is it to get an order right??
5	The best pizza in Charlotte. I wish they would expand... like up to New Jersey so I could eat there more often! Try their mexican style pizza. Last I remember, you could call in and order your pizza and then take it home and cook it at home... but it's been a while since I  have been there.
4	Some of the best pizza I have ever had, and they have great lunch specials. They have everything from the basic pepperoni to baked potato pizza (my favorite). The two times I have dined it for lunch I wasn't impressed with the service.
4	Probably the best pizza in the Charlotte area.  Does not offer slices so you have to buy the whole pie.
4	As a Chicago native, I'm pretty snobby about my pizza and was disappointed with many of Charlotte's pizza places. So I was excited when I liked Wolfman Pizza. The sauce is good, and they've got all sorts of pizza flavors and toppings. The lunch special - a slice of pizza, salad and a drink for, I believe, $7 - is a great deal. Warning: I love going there to grab some pizza and beer, but the place is occasionally overrun with Myers Park little league teams and the like.
2	I'm laying down in pain with Wolfman pizza in my belly. My guess is it won't be there for long, if you know what I mean. You can find better pizza at a local middle school cafeteria, or Chinese buffet. You pay for the flat screen TV's. This place sucks.
4	Originally from Chicago, I have a penchant for pizza. And I don't discriminate. I like it thick or thin, cheesy or saucy, loaded with veggies or plain cheese. I've been to Wolfman a few times, a couple times for lunch, once for dinner and one takeout order. Inside, Wolfman is a pretty standard, but comfy, pizza joint. The booths are roomy and it smells like divine pizza. The staff has always been super friendly, seating hubs and I at a booth to our liking and quickly getting us set up with drinks and menus. I'm a fan of speedy service!And the menu - Wolfman is full of creative pies - just like Ted M. said. My personal faves are White Wolf and the Veg-o-Matic. The White Wolf is a white pie - no red sauce, but instead piled high with various cheeses, garlic and other goodies. This particular pie can be a little greasy for my liking, but it's nothing that a paper towel can't remedy. Yes, I'm that girl.The Veg-o-Matic is just what you would think, a pizza stacked with plenty of veggies. It should also be noted that just about everything at Wolfman is made in house - i.e. they don't use canned pizza sauce, pineapple, etc. Price wise, Wolfman is pretty average, almost affordable, if you're not a big eater. Pizza always makes the best leftovers!They also offer a great lunch special - $6.49 for one (massive) slice, a side salad and a drink. Or for the same price you can forgo the salad and score two slice and a drink. Love me a lunch special!
4	NY pizza purists beware! You'll see black beans. Cheddar. Thai flavors. Jerk chicken. Things that could almost take these pizzas to snobby flatbreadland.But the tastes are sharp, toppings fresh. Flavor combos pretty awesome. And they're sympathetic to veggie whining, so you can sub stuff in and out easily, with no extra charge.Plus they deliver. Quickly. And haven't screwed my orders up yet (knock on wood).Prices are a tad high, but like I said, quality stuffs are being used. A take on pie that's somewhat new to me, so this could be beginner's love. (If you guys really wanna slay the veg set, add tofu to the topping list!)
4	If a tasty and fast lunch is what you crave, you've found your calling at Wolfy's.Wolfman's has several locations throughout the city, but this on Providence Rd. at the dividing line between the Eastover and Myers Park neighborhoods is a lunchtime favorite for my co-workers and I.So about the lunch- love the special here.  It's your choice of a salad and then a (pretty generous) slice of pizza and it comes with a drink of choice.  You could also opt for 2 slices, but I like their salads quite a bit (especially the California, with the walnuts and goat cheese dressed with balsalmic).  I believe the also added soup as an option recently too.  Anyway, the lunchtime special includes pizza offerings of cheese and pepperoni and then 2 of their specialty pizzas which change on a rotating basis according to the week day.  Personally, I attempt to go on Tuesdays for the "Cheeseburger Cheeseburger" pie.  I know, sounds like it ought to be nasty- but it is crazy good.  Finely ground beef, cheddar cheese, and a sauce base that is tangy with just a hint of sweet.  Yum-o!Other pizza offerings that are good here- the Thai-style with chicken and peppers and another interesting base sauce to give it some kick.  Also the Southwest with the black bean sauce- wowzers!  Service is as fast as you need it to be- unless the place is slammed and then it just comes with the territory.  Usually though, we can get in and out of here at lunch faster than most any other sit down spot in and around uptown.  I also like that drinks here are served in some pretty massive sized glasses.  One to one-and-a-half of these guys and you've got a gully washer on your hands.  Still, it's better than having to hope for refills on any type of frequent basis.Now the price here is not necessarily budget- but this isn't white table cloth prices, either.  With tax, the lunch special comes out to $7 bucks.  After tip you're out the door for right at or under $10.  Not too bad, especially given the other options nearby.I also like the ambiance here- long booths line the walls with a few tables down the middle.  This all leads to 2 huge hi-def flat screen in the back- one showing sports while the other does news.  Then the bar area has several TVs lining the wall, this way you and your lunch companions can watch the same show from wherever you sit.  Did I mention they have free wi-fi too?Not much else I can say- Wolfy's got it down pat for inventive pizza and knows how to work a lunch crowd.  I'm a fan.
1	Any Northerener who says this place is good is an idiot.  It is average pizza doused with olive oil.  It is so horrible.  Try Luigi's in South Charlotte.  Try Sabarro's downtown.  Wolfman sucks.  This place is like a southerner ordering barbaque in NYC .  SUUUUUCCCCKKKKKSSSSS
4	Been a fan of the Wolfman for many years, usually frequenting the Cotswold location but the Myers Park restaurant is well run too.Whatever you buy here, pizza, salads, specialty items, comes with TLC and attention to detail in making the customer happy.  I've never known it to be any other way and that doesn't happen by accident.  The food is delicious, portions generous, and the service exceptional.  Maybe Jim should catch the red eye home and stay in his precious New York or New Jersey.  I'll pitch in for that ticket.
4	Wolfman was my go-to pizza place when I lived down the street from it in Charlotte.  Consistently good pizza.Likes:  Their "Pizza of the Month" special is awesome.  As a poor grad student, I would order one of the $5 10" pizzas, pair it with a salad made at home, and get two meals out of it.  Scoreeee.  They also have more unique flavor combinations than you usually see: black beans on a pizza?  I like pizza and I like black beans, so sounds good to me.  Dislikes:  The pizzas can be pricey if you arent in the mood for the special.  I've also gone to pick up my to-gos a few times and the pizza wasnt ready when they told me it would be.   Take it or leave it:  Take it.  Take advantage of the special.  Awesome.  I'm just sad that I didnt discover it  until a few months before I was moving away from Charlotte.
1	The pizza is decent, but delivery is an epic failure.  Put an order online at 6:50 PM.  Estimated delivery was 7:50 PM, which is long to begin with considering that Wolfman is only 2 miles away from my address.  At 8:00 PM called and was told the order went out the door.  At 8:20 PM called and was told general manager was now delivering the pizza.  At 8:50 PM (2 hours after ordering) called again and found out the order was never pulled from online.  Bad process and bad employees who lied twice times.Pizza maybe, technology no.  Don't order from Wolfman unless you are going to sit there or pick it up yourself.Epic fail!
3	At around $8 for a loaded individual pizza makes for a good value. Hard to understand how some choose to get their pizza at the franchise right next door. The pizzas are tasty and most of the ingredients are fresh. Led Zeppelin tasted great, and their marinara is not bad. I can't rate it 4 stars because the crust is very doughy, like eating bread. Also the White Wolf -their version of white pizza- uses Swiss cheese and is nowhere as good as a traditional white pizza. In fact Swiss cheese has a distinctive taste and doesn't belong on ANY pizza, you heathens! ;-P
