5	This is one of the smaller lee's stores but i would say its one of the best!  It is definitely the cleanest store.. They have an awesome selection of beer,wine, and liquor. If they dont have what you're looking for, the friendly staff can order what your looking for.  The only thing that sucks is this douche bag named garret that works there.
5	My wife and i tried Lee's out today and were very positively surprised thinking it would just be another place to get the "goods" but it had a very nice selection friendly knowledgeable staff and just a nice environment for finding you favorite beverages and they also accepted out manufactures coupon ....so needless to say prices weren't bad but the acceptance of coupons made it all better =)
3	A-OK.One of the biggest disappointments in my life was to find out how much the Nellis Class-Six sucked.  I don't think it's far fetched to expect spectacular booze from a military installation in Vegas.  Luckily for me, the hunt didn't have to go too much further from my doorstep.  With my spirits diminished (pun intended), and low expectations of an unassuming storefront with a less-than-favorable name, I was very pleasantly surprised upon entering.  Lee's came to my rescue.Not the best selection in my experience, but the best in this area.  I'm typically an expensive drunk, not because of how much I drink, but rather what I like to drink.  I was not expecting anything with Discount in the title to have such a respectable stock.  Along with that, I didn't expect as courteous a staff either.  They're friendly and willing to help where they can.  They also manage to keep the place clean and well organized.  I didn't test how knowledgeable they are, so I'll have to report on that later.On the flip side, I'm not sure where the Discount comes into play.  If this is considered cheap, then I might have to make some sacrifices.  They do have some random in-store sales that usually knock a buck or so off the price, but nothing that wow'd me.  Still, when my cup runneth dry, Lee's will most likely be my go-to.
4	I think this location is small but I like it because it is convenient to me and cleaner than the other one near me.  The prices are comparable to other places I have been. The service is friendly and the staff knowledgeable.  If I have a question they are able to answer it without hesitation.  I went on NYE and it was extremely busy but seemed the staff was doing their best to keep the line moving.  The only thing I don't like is how cramped I feel when I am in here.
5	Oh Lee's Liquor.. what can i say about you guys. Where else can you find refrigerators of beer not found any place else in Las Vegas.Found this place via my Yelp app. Its pretty far from the strip but I was doing errands around the area anyways. I stopped in and found out they carry Shiner Bok. which is my all time favorite beer thats brewed in Texas but for some odd reason, we found it in Vegas. Finding that here made my trip to Lee's soo much better.Pricing was also cheaper than what you could get it in TX for. Their pricing for sure i on point. Their 750ml grey goose was one of the cheaper places I've seen ever.Everyone is saying that this store is one of the smaller locations but they for sure have everything you need in terms of getting your drink on!
4	Lees is always the Best! Check their prices because you may be paying too much if you go anywhere else.
5	I've only been to this liquor store once but I will definitely come back! The selection is great and the employees are so helpful. I didn't know anything about the liquor stores in Las Vegas... I'm from California so all I know is Bevmo but there aren't any out here so I had to rely on Yelp to lead me. Admittedly, I went to Total Wine first because I was looking for a couple of specific bottles and assumed (because of the name) that I would have better luck there but no... They didn't have not one of three bottles I was looking for. I came to Lee's with my mom who had also never been here but she found what she was looking for and by sheer curiosity, I asked the employee if they carried the bottles I had been searching for... I was able to find 2 of the 3 wine bottles. Also, my husband is a huge Pyramid beer fan and i was able to find these huge bottles on sale 2 for $3- he was giddy with excitement. Needless to say, I was impressed. Not only is this liquor store bigger than the average corner mart, the employees are awesome, the selection is huge, and the prices are right on the money. I'm converted. Goodbye Total Wine- Hello Lee's!
5	PROS: I love this lee's location! it's my favorite to go to since it's near my home. it has everything you would want, they even have a growing sake collection!! they restock a lot. the staff is really helpful, I'm always asking them questions and they are nice and pretty knowledgable. there are always good prices CONS: sort of back alley, private area. it's a little cluttered and heavily stacked inside!OVERALL: by going here, you have the ability to make any outing into a good time ;)
1	Don't order your keg from them.  They will sell it to someone else.  We ordered ours over 2 weeks ago for pick up today.  We were told they sold it two days ago to someone else.  What is wrong with this place???  That's not how you do business.
4	Whenever I want a cold bottle of my favorite wine, I come to Lee's. There's always some kind of sale going on at Lee's, and luckily that usually includes my preferred wine! Lee's arguably has the best prices for liquor, wine, and beer in Las Vegas. The selection is extensive. If Lee's doesn't have what your looking for, it doesn't exist. Just kidding. To be more precise, if Lee's doesn't have it, they can order it for you! The staff are highly knowledgeable and can find what you're looking for. So instead of wandering around like an idiot, just ask for help! I wish they were a bit friendlier though. Hmmm friendly vs. helpful....which one's better? Anyways, Lee's is awesome.
