5	This is by far my favorite Panera location in the Pittsburgh area. Friendly, plenty of room to sit, and good quality food & coffee. Panera is a great place to hang out and read the news - they even have free WiFi! Try their toasted sandwiches, especially the chicken bacon dijon.
4	I live close by so I go here frequently pretty much for the free WIFI and espresso. But here's a secret - they don't seem to know what an Americano is so often I am charged like 75 cents for a double shot of espresso to which they add hot water upon my request. Needless to say coffee is not expensive here as you can fill up as many times as needed without being hassled. Although there regular coffee is undrinkable to my taste. Pastries are baked fresh and are plentiful. There is other foods to choose from ie whole grain bagels are edible and about a buck with no extra charge for butta. Outside seating and people watching is always a good distraction plus there are all kinds of people who frequent this Panera from the very very old and decrepit to the fashionistas taking a break from Victoria Secrets, Ulta, Wet Seal and the other various shops at this water front location.
3	Had lunch here after getting my nails done in the Waterfront.  It's your standard Panera - lots of seating and a sunny room from all the windows.  Our food was made very quickly, even though the place was pretty busy (lunch on a Saturday).  Chicken noodle soup is tasty, but there was too much broth and not enough noodles and chicken.  I tried their Sierra Chicken sandwich for the first time, and it was pretty good.  It's very flavorful, I like whatever they put in their chipotle mayo.  It was a salty meal though - definitely had me running to the fountain machine to get more water.If I have to get a quick, light meal and only chain options are available, Panera is my best choice.  It's definitely predictable and usually tasty.  But there isn't much special about it, of course.
4	I Love all Panera, equally!I am def a fan of this easy, better than fast food, time-killing eatery.Great place for a lunch social/date with good eats and a good place to sit and talk for a while or to get some work done between appointments.PROS:Great Food;Free WiFi (though some locations are limited to 30 minutes during the lunch hour);Seating is always tricky at the lunch hour.CONS:pricey for salads, soup and sandwiches;tables should be wiped more frequently--even if you have to ask a newly seated guest if they would like it wiped, the tables should be wiped!For Pete's sake, give a fork with the Mac and Cheese, not a SPOON!  lol
4	I really enjoy Panera, and this restaurant meets my expectations. I particularly love the Asiago Cheese Bagel, Caesar Salad, Bacon Turkey Bravo Sandwich, Tuna Salad Sandwich, Smokehouse Turkey Panini, Broccoli Cheddar Soup, and Iced Chai Tea Latte. I've ordered all of these items at this location, and they have been very tasty.I have had this location run out of the side of French Baguette once or twice. However, last time that occurred, I asked for a bread bowl as a replacement, which I was given for free.I'll definitely be returning soon!
2	I've had bad experiences here a few times now.  I wrote panera bread and haven't heard back.  Bad service all around!!!  Basically, we ordered our food, they ran out of what we wanted, so just decided to make us something else with out telling us.  When we got our food, we asked why they made us that instead of what we ordered---'oh it was the closest to what you wanted'.....hmmmm how about you tell us that before we pay, and how about you give us our money back.  Really, you don't get much for what you pay for at panera.  Its not very good at all.
4	It's the same Panera food you've had before.  I like the other ones better as they are often  faster at preparing food than this one.  That said the food is fine and the staff is nice enough.They have warm cookies for $2.00.  That is a nice feature.
3	I like Panera bread but this one is a so so. I always get my fuji chicken salad in every Panera bread I go. All of the other use spring mix to make their fuji chicken salad except this one.. They just use regular salad and salad doesn't taste or look very fresh either. I was kind of excited to find there is a panera bread around us but I am disappointed after trying it. Don't know if we will be back again.
3	It seems silly to rate a chain so I won't talk about the food. I just love coming to this Panera because it's right by Barnes and Noble.  I recently started getting into the Panera card. Compared to the other Paneras I have to say that this one seems cleaner, bigger, and all around nicer.  Of course I would never go out of my way to get here but if you're at Barnes and Noble and aren't happy with the sandwiches there (which I was) I would venture on over to Panera.
5	Amazing amazing place and I really enjoy to eat there and drink the prices they not high, very good service and fast .
2	Panera bread has to be the most inconsistent restaurant I have ever been to. I have posted two pictures of the strawberry poppyseed chicken salad. The first one looks delicious the second one looks like they could've used a smaller bowl. It did not even look appetizing.
1	The food was fine. It's a chain. I'm not rating it. The service was absolutely horrible. It started well enough when we ordered lunch, but ended horribly when my daughter said we should get a treat for my husband. Between being ignored by the girl at the counter, her not listening to the order, then arguing with me when I told her I did not ask for what she brought me, I really can't decide which is worse. I rather spend my money somewhere local where they appreciate my business, rather than take attitude from Panera employees.
4	This use to be my go to Panera Bread.  When I worked in the area I would stop here before work to grab my breakfast and then stop to get my lunch as well.  I was happy when I left the area and moved on to bigger and better things.  My waist also appreciated it.  Those scones are delicious.I recently stopped back here when I was shopping and was pleasantly surprised.  With all my new allergies I came in here hoping to get some bread.  Not knowing, nor doing my homework before I showed up, I asked the manager if one particular bread had corn syrup in it or not.  Not knowing the answer herself, she was kind enough to pull out a binder that contained all of their recipes, ingredients included.  After looking through it for a few minutes I was able to select the bread I wanted.  They will sliced the bread thick or thin for you there right now.  If you would rather slice yourself, I am sure they will wrap it up and you can go on your way.  Yes, it's true, it may be a bit more expensive than your cheap bread on the grocery store shelf.  But it is much better tasting.
