5	Ellie's is a little Mom and Pop place on the SW corner of Gilbert & Queen Creek.  Ellie is a Native American and her husband is Mexican so, together they have Native Mexican.  They specialize in Indian Frybread and offer catering.When you go to Ellie's, it's for the food and not the ambience.  It's set up reminds me of a Subway shop, but who cares?!  So it might not be a place to bring your fiance's parents when you meet them the first time...There's a little cart with fresh, warm tortillas and a fresh salsa bar so you can have a little something while you wait for your made to order meal.  I remember the first time I went there and Ellie gave me tortillas HOT out of the fryer.  Incredible!  There are 6 different salsas to choose from and they are all fresh.I can't get away from ordering the Steak and Green Chile burrito, but one day- I'll venture to something else- like maybe Steak and Green Chile on a frybread?  :)Go check this little place out!  I would cry if they fold and I just can't eat all 3 meals a day there, even if it is inexpensive and they are open for breakfast.
5	Ellie's is solid.  Basic and great Sonoran cuisine with a definite Native American flair.  The portions here are large, the prices are very reasonable and the food is fresh and delicious.  Solid.As Monica S said in her review, the ambiance is minimal but despite that Ellie's rocks!  The first time we ate here we knew we had stumbled onto a gem.If you order your lunch or dinner on the fry bread it is incredibly filling...my wife and I are going to share one dish next time we go.The little bar with a variety of fresh salsa and sour cream jalepeno sauce and fresh tortilla chips is worth the visit by itself.
5	Thanks yelpers for reviewing this place. We stopped here on our way from SF to Miami as we had to try native Arizonan food.What a place. The description of the other yelpers is true, it's kind of bare and all, but the food, the food. Wow.I had the Native Taco with shredded beef. I'm not quite sure how you eat this? Folded up with your hands? It was too big for this for me, so I picked at it using my fork and tore off bits of the delicious fry bread.My wife had the Green Chile Steak fry bread. While mine was excellent, this seems to be their true star. I have never tried such delicious stewed beef before. I don't know how they do it, it is just so good.You get a lot of food for not too much money. While the restaurant probably seems out of the way for most people, I would definitely recommend going there. It wasn't too far away from I10.
4	"Have you ever been to Ellie's?" asked my fellow yelper Phil M. "Umm... yeah, once at the governance center." "No! Her new resturant. She has a legit resturant in town.""No way!" I exclaimed. "Yeah, it's somewhere in Chandler. I haven't been, but I thought maybe you have""hmm... no. I have to check it out sometime."And days later... I did just that.Ellie started her business from a humble frybread stand made out of plywood and nails and moved up to the Governance Center's inhouse deli and earned the money and experience to finally open her own resturant with her husband in Chandler. I remember going to her stand in Sacaton and everyone always complimented her amazing frybread. I especially loved her salsa! And when she went to the Governance Center (also in Sacaton) I would love to devour her stews while talking tribal politics with one of my best friends. And the other day, I had the chance to try her new legitimate resturant in Chandler.Ellie is from the Gila River Indian Community, in a different district than mine. She operates her restuant with her husband who is Mexican and they have combined their cuisines to open Ellie's Native & Mexican Food. It sounds funny to me, it sounds like Native Mexican food, which would be different from the americanized version of Mexican food! but alas... that's not what you'll find at Ellie's.We came in and Ellie wasn't there. Meh, I didn't really expect her there, but it would've been nice. (oh well) Anyway, I tried the 2 tacos with rice & beans and an extra plain frybread. The tacos are totally Gringo tacos with hamburger meat instead of shredded beef. The rice is way yummy but the beans were forgetable. I've had and made way better. The bread was good. I ordered it plain but the server/cashier offered to bring me some powdered sugar and/or honey... but as always, I chose ONE of those options... not BOTH! If you're going to each frybread as a dessert... it NEEDS to have eaither powdered sugar OR honey... NOT BOTH! Okay... i'm done with the frybread rant... I'm sure you're all tired of it anyway! :PBut anywhoo... I asked for some honey and he brought it in a lil condiment container which was great because I ate my beans with half the frybread and then after I was done with m food, I broke out the honey and had the second half as dessert. Their bread is HUGE! Oh my gosh! Even by Native standards these things are huge. The bread was what all good frybread is: light, crispy, crunchy yet soft and warm. I totally recommend getting the small container with honey to go with the bread so you too can have your bread as part of your meal and for dessert! :)My mom had a frybread with beans with a side order of rice. Which she liked but wished we went home and had me make it instead. Oh well... BUT They have one of those popcorn poppers but it's filled with chips! and you can grab as much as you want and they have these baskets for you to fill them up with and a full salsa bar right next to it. I tried most of their salsas and I really liked the well chopped hot salsa. She liked the chunky salsa. Overall, it's a nice clean place. The service was good, but not overwhelmingly friendly. The frybread was good but the beans were eh. The tacos were good - but were gringo tacos. I personally don't mind, but someone else might. The rice was very good! I love their frybites. Which are like sopapillas I presume but made with frybread dough. :) The best of both worlds.To my yelpers: I'd like to say that I'm very proud of Ellie for growing her business from the most humblest of beginnings. It takes a lot of determination to go from literally a shack made of plywood on the reservation to a real legitamate business in town. I hope you give her place a try. Especially if you're in that area. Give her chili (red or green) a try. Enjoy the salsa bar and remember... get honey OR powdered sugar... not BOTH! and enjoy!
4	I saw a sign for Ellie's while driving down the road and my interest was peaked!  I LOVE fry bread and was happy to give Ellie's a chance.  My Husband, 2 children, and I went for dinner.  Both my Husband and I ordered the green chili and steak Fry Bread.  We ordered sides of rice and beans and a quesadilla for my son.  The portions were very large and very tasty!  I thought that the beans were great and the rice was pretty good.  The chip and salsa cart were great!  I loved the creamy jalapeno sauce that they had.  Everything was very flavorful.  For desert we had the Frybites which were lovely little nuggets of frybread.  The meals are definitely a diet buster but worth the calories!  We had a great meal and will definitely be back.
5	I think Ellie read my review.  The place is a little more spiffed up.  I still don't care I love their food so much!  We've had the Green Chili and Steak on FRY BREAD!!!! OMG!!  This thing is incredible!!  We also have tried the shredded beef burrito.  They are huge and delicious.  We ordered the guac and we could hear the cook mixing it up right after our order!  That's what I'm talking about!  Also, the chips and salsa bar (complimentary) make it so worth while to eat in!  The chip are in a little machine that reminds me of a popcorn machine to keep them warm and there's several fresh salsas to choose from that are kept in a covered refrigerated station.  It's nice not to have to fight the flies like at other salsa stations! ;)I told you before, I'll tell you again! GO to ELLIE'S!!!  While you're there, stop next door to Carden's Cafe  & Bakery under new ownership for a sweet treat afterwards!
3	I was excited to hear that this place was near me! I'm 9 mos pregnant and SO CRAVING some indian fry bread with beans and cheese. BUT when I drove up.. they are closed. Like, for good it looks like. I'm so bummed! Hopefully this isn't the case, but that is really how it looked.. :(
