5	Let me preface this review to say that I am a licensed Massage Therapist, in town (on the strip) for a few days. I have been a MT for over a decade, and know what to expect from a quality, professional therapist. My session with Ariana, Now and Zen Mobile Massage was fantastic! She is very professional, knows what she is doing and has a great quality of touch. You can really tell she enjoys her job, and was very present.If I lived here in Vegas, I would see her regularly!Her rates are low, even for national standards, but her quality and effectiveness are anything but standard. AND, she doesn't accept gratuities. I had a hard time with not tipping her, but she insists. :-) Being a mobile massage company, she only does out calls. I was afraid that she might not offer sessions at the big hotels on the strip (because it is so much more work), but she had no problem at all coming to Paris, where we are staying.Getting an appointment was a breeze, via email. She even helped us with dinner recommendations. :-)If you need more reviews for Ariana, visit her website, she has an entire page of testimonials! A+, 5 stars, 2 thumbs up :-)
5	OMG, I am a very lazy yelper but the massage I had inspired me and I have to give a shout out to Ariana......this was the best massage I ever had...So good I drooled on the very plush carpet of the cosmopolitan suite we were staying in. Ariana has magic hands!!
5	I was very  tired and sore from a flight a long cross country flight I really had high hopes for this massage!! From the moment she showed up, on time, I could tell I was in good hands. She was clean and professional and seemed like she was as excited to be there as I was!! The massage was great. Just as advertised. I was very relaxing and I felt great when I go off the table :). I will definitely be a repeat customer!
5	Now & Zen is an amazing business. Arianna was able to provide a great therapeutic massage, that helped get rid of achy muscles. She came to my hotel room, which also made it convenient. Her rates are competitive too! If you're a traveller (or local), use Now & Zen.
1	she never showed up for the appointment... I called a couple of times. I even bought a Yelp deal and never got to use it... Booo
5	I hired  4 therapists to give the staff at my office chair massages. They were awesome. Prompt, courteous, and gave my staff an excellent experience. Would highly recommend.
5	Now and Zen is the best! Ariana is very professional.  She is knowledgeable about various diseases/disorders that cause pain abd she knows exactly how to make you feel better! I would recommend her to all my friends. I won't go to anyone else. She just makes you feel wonderful and relaxed.
