5	I've been a patient for about 6 years now and I can't say enough good things about them. Dr Swainston is my regular OB/GYN and he's excellent. He got me through a very rough first pregnancy and is getting me through another. (Note to self... No more babies!) Dr Martin is also very excellent. He actually delivered my son because Dr Swainston was out of town when my blood pressure spiked. Dr Swainston and Dr Martin both knew of my wavering blood pressure before I ended up having to go to the hospital so nothing was a surprise to Dr Martin when it came time to deliver. They communicate and work together very well. Jane, the nurse practitioner is great when neither doctor is available.  She is very knowledgeable and caring. She has always taken the time to sit and answer any questions. And regardless of when I pop in there, she always seems to know who I am and what my condition is. The nursing staff is also good. They will take time to answer questions and try to understand the situation. In any case, I haven't had a bad visit in the six years that I've been there. All I know is that I've got baby #2 coming sometime in September and I know that I'm in good hands.
4	I don't have any children, but I go here for my yearly, shall we say, woman exam.  In the interest of good taste, I will spare details and keep this review short and informative.- I see Nurse Jane, who I love because she is so sweet and remembers things about me even though I only see her once a year.  I feel really comfortable with her, which is important when you are sitting there nekkid.- Jane is quick and painless when it counts (ladies, you know what I mean here).  Seriously, every time I'm amazed and think, "Wait, you did it already?  I didn't feel a thing!"- The office is very clean and they have a lot of newer technology.- My one complaint is the wait.  I get it, sometimes the doctors get called out to go deliver the gift of life and all, so the patients get backed up, but sometimes the wait is over an hour!
3	As far as the services go , amazing . But the wait is over an hour long and I called the office four times today regarding my appointment and I got no answer . Terrible customer service
5	Just finished with my first appointment here. Staff was super nice and I was in and out in 30 min. I saw Stephanie the PA who I followed from another office. She is amazing, always takes her time and remembers specifics about my life. It feels like catching up with a friend whenever I see her.  Would definitely recommend
5	I would recommend OBGYN Specialist to anyone!! I have felt that I matter to them as a person, not just a patient since the moment I walked in there a few years ago.  I recently suffered an ectopic pregnancy and they were on top of the situation medically as well as helping me emotionally.  The "bedside manner" I received was one of a kind and I can't imagine going through this hard time with any other doctor.
5	Both dr Martin and swainston are amazing but they are way overcrowded. I'm a little concerned about getting seen and what will happen when I go into labor. When you do see them thy give you their full attention.
1	Out of all my life, I've never HATED a practice this much in my life. Whenever I call I'm on hold for 15-25 mins minimum. They call me and tell me my results are positive and then they send me a letter saying my results are negative, so which one is it then???? So I call them waited on hold just for them to tell me "THEY DONT KNOW and that They have to call me the next day ". Mind you I had my Pap smear January 31 and didn't get results for 2.5 weeks, and the ONLY reason I got my results by phone is because I called them 4 times, but those 4 times they told me they'd call me back, NEVER DID. and come to find out my results never came back from the lab. Then I get a letter 1 week later saying my results are normal. I go to get my medical records from them to change doctors and wait 40 mins for them to tell me they can't get it off the computer because "they have a new system". The staff is absolutely horrid and inappropriate. I only went there once and they have put me through way too much. These people don't care about their patients at all.
3	Dr Tammy Reynolds is awesome. She has excellent bedside manner and was an amazing doc during my 2nd pregnancy/csection.The huge downfall with this office is the wait. The wait is always so LOOOONG. I wait for at least an hour in the front waiting room before I even get to the back. Then when I get to the back, there's another wait for a room. Its about a 3 hour process to be seen in this office these days.Recent Incident: Got to the office at 2:45pm, my appt was at 3pm, at 4pm I finally ask what the hold up is and if Dr. Reynolds was backed up. I'm told that I was checked out by someone when I hadn't even been seen yet. Fun stuff. Had I not asked, I probably wouldve still been waiting till their office closed. 4:30pm I'm finally in a room... still waiting and looking forward to the rush hour traffic that has developed during my wait.
2	My rating goes down every time I come here.  They make you wait forever and then push you out of the office as fast as possible. They don't seem to care much about you as an individual, they just sheep you in and out. I'm high risk now and I'm glad they referred me to dr shah. I wish dr shah was my primary because that office is so great!
1	I can't anymore! THE STAFF IS THE WORST!!!! It's hard to get in and wait time is usually 1 hour after your appointment to see the doctor. To make a long story short, but let you know what happened, I was Dr. Swainston's patient and was being seen for endometriosis and interstitial cystitis for about 2 years. I had a laparoscopy done and was put on Lupron for 6 months after. He left NO discharge instructions and after I was discharged I had to go back into the office to be catheterized. He apologized at the follow up appointment. Overall I do not think he is a bad doctor, but he isn't the best either. I've had numerous conversations with him about the way his staff treats people and repeatedly messes up and doesn't take ownership. I recently found a lump in my breast and made an appointment, but was at work and forgot to write down the woman's name who I spoke with. I normally do this because things are almost always screwed up there. I got there and was told I was not on his list and he was leaving early. I asked to speak to the office manager. Her name is Kendall. She basically refused service to me because I was upset after I explained I've had numerous problems with the office. I explained to her I was scared because of this lump and did not receive a phone call that he was leaving early. She told me to go find another doctor and I told her to figure out how to do her job, because at that point I was pissed and scared. She made an appointment for me with Dr. Swainston anyway. I decided the best thing is to just move on and called to cancel my appointment. I was told the appointment had already been cancelled (she just made it) and she discharged me from the office. I'm not proud of getting upset, but enough was enough. After 2 years of bad service I'm going elsewhere!!!!!
1	Good doctor but horrible care.I had a surgery several months ago and suffered needlessly due to their lack of pre-surgery and post-surgery care. The staff does not care about the patients. It shows in everything they do. The utter lack of concern for treating patients in a way that values their time is unbelievable. It takes forever to get a call answered, they never call back after promising they would, they tell you they sent out prescriptions and never do it, they get back test results that show you need follow up care and they never follow up on them.  You can literally call every day for a week about lab results for something you need to manage or for a refill on a prescription, and they won't call you back.  All you ever get is an answering machine even when you are really sick and need them to call you back. Be careful using this practice group. The doctors are good at what they do,  but the practice is horribly managed and the staff is overwhelmed or indifferent. You can't have a good doctor if the practice is impossible to deal with. I have never had such a horrible experience dealing with any medical practice. If you need to see professionals who actually do what they say they are going to do and ignore you completely when you need them, don't use these doctors.
1	I have been a patient of this clinic for years.  much to my dismay the service has become horribly lacking in the past few years.  When calling to make my annual visit, I was told I could not be scheduled to see the Md for 7 months!!  no, that is not a typo, 7months!!!  It has been 3 years since I have been hearing that and have being seeing the PA those past few visits, to include a visit in which I had some unusual bleeding and suspected cysts.  I love the MDs and even the PA is friendly and seems very knowledgeable.  I will be taking my women's health elsewhere, to a clinic that answers my calls, is able to schedule me within a reasonable amount of time and handles their business. Everyone is friendly, just can't provide the service required for a health practioner
1	This doctor's staff leaves much to be desired,especially Mallory.  She talks down to you and even is as rude as hanging up the phone in your face! Every time dealing with them has been unprofessional and unpleasant. Definitely not customer service oriented.The doctors in this office are extremely pleasant, friendly, and comptetent. However, if they knew what was going on at the front desk they would be appalled. Contemplating whether I should continue to use this group of doctors or not......
4	I highly recommend Dr. Tammy Reynolds. She's personable, professional, and extremely caring.  You will be in good hands.  I really appreciate her.
1	I had a terrible experience with OBGYN Specialists. I called in September for an appointment and was told that they only see new patients every so often. I made an appointment with Dr. Reynolds for DECEMBER 8. That's 3 months that I had to wait the for very next available appointment.Then, on December 4 I get a call saying they had to schedule a surgery during my appointment and that we'd need to reschedule. They then proceed to start telling me available times in FEBRUARY. Ridiculous and SO rude. The doctors might be good but the wait and rudeness I was treated with is so not worth your time and money.
