1	This place is a HELL HOLE. The management does not care about your comfort. The outside of this establishment looks clean, inviting and well kept, but once you open the door to your room be prepared for a nightmare. NONE of the wall sockets will support a plug of any sort. the chairs are severely stained, the furniture is in ill repair. Carpets are filthy and never vacuumed. they put a twin size mattress pad on a king size bed so you sleep on wrinkles all night, blankets have rips, tears and burns in them. exposed framework on all the beds and the air conditioners are beat to heck. WiFi works only in the office and when I complained about an injury I obtained I was called a liar.  RUN AWAY SCREAMING from this one. It's in a nice part of town, they could get more money if they would fix it up on the inside.   There is no excuse for this. Motel 6 Corporate should be totally ashamed of this property.
1	We stayed at this hotel the room was very very dirty the bed was stained the pillows had yellow stains the refrigerator was broken with pieces  missing, carpet stained furniture stained and the microwave was never cleaned worst motel 6 I've stayed at.
1	Even for a cut rate motel chain this location was particularly bad.   No wash towels. No hand towels.  One tiny soap.  No drinking cups.  I guess you get what you pay for.  Never again.
4	Don't understand all the bad reviews, we stayed here on 2 different dates in June 2014, front desk was very pleasant, room nice, clean & updated. No carpet, laminate fake wood flooring, fresh paint, new decor.  Sure they only give you the minimum towels, soap ect.. but you are staying at a Motel 6 not the Hyatt. Beds were better than most Motel 6 setups & we have stayed at over 40 different motel 6 franchises the last year. I'll have no problem staying here again.
1	Thought I'd save money by staying at motel6.  I got there early and mgr said I'll have to wait since 2nd floor rooms have not been cleaned.  I come back in couple hours and get key, go to room.  Room smelled bad, strong chemical smell.  I unpack some stuff and pulled back covers to lay down, sitting on edge of bed.  I put my hand on edge and bed is wet, surprised I get up and smell my hand, URINE! SOB!  I grab the phone to call desk and see blood on speaker end and in cradle, EFFING BLOOD!  I will never ever stay at a motel6 even if it's the last one left.  Stay away from this hell hole!
