5	I had an amazing facial here! The space is clean, inviting and relaxing. Park in the lot south of the building, it is less crowded. After an hour of pampering my skin was glowing! They offer many of different services including laser treatments. I will be back for some more aggressive treatments to fix up my flaws (not that I have any)! Anyway, the staff is very professional. Before or after your treatment go next door for some great Thai food!
5	Pros: Friendly staff, great service - laser here is a pretty painless procedure. Easy to set an appointment to your liking. They are thorough and quick (so I'm usually in and out in under 20 minutes - although I'm only doing a small area, other areas and larger areas might take longer). Clean facility and clean machinery. Little to no wait time, max maybe 5 minutes. Cons: The first time I went in the technician put me at a low setting and it didn't do anything for me. Luckily the second time I went in the technician noticed that the setting was too low the first time and wanted me to see results, so asked if it were alright to bump up the setting. She apologized for the other technician's mistake.Other than that, I would say overall it's been a good experience. They are priced at what you'd expect not cheap, but not over-priced. Would definitely recommend.
1	My wife has used this place a few times. Customer service level is poor. Always has to wait over 30 minutes after scheduled appointment.  They never even apologize. Beware!
5	Went to an appointment due to a Groupon deal. Service was good, staff was friendly and helpful with all my questions. Staff was patient working with me on my schedule limitations. Nice and clean establishment. Looking forward to my next appointment.
1	I went here because I had a Groupon.  I've been to several other places for botox before and never had any problems.  Until I came here.  Didn't have to wait long before being taken back to the room by the nurse.  While she was getting everything prepared she commented on how she had just eaten lunch and was tired.  Not what I wanted to hear from someone about to inject my forehead.  Then her cell phone rang and instead of silencing it she picked it up and made her vacation plans while drawing up the botox.  I had to wait until her call was completed, then she began to aggressive stab and inject the botox into six sites on my forehead.  I was appalled at the manner in which it was done.  I'm an RN, and I've had this done many times before, and this is NOT how you inject.  She then took her thumbs and firmly rubbed the spots she had injected as if she were spreading it around.  This is WRONG!!!  Now I'm left with a huge bruise on my forehead.  I'm lucky that it's the worst thing that happened from this visit.  I would never go back, no matter how cheap or how good of a deal it is.
1	I bought a Groupon as well as I was upgraded on my first visit to a underarm hair removal in addition to the upper lip.  In total I paid $330 and there were no results after eight-10 visits.  When we complained that we had no success at all, they wanted us to pay more money for four additional sessions.  I think they purposely use low voltage so you keep paying and paying.  I may as well burnt my money in a fire. It seems it may be ok for botox but not hair removal. How sad when that is there name,
1	Found this place due to Groupon.  Got brazilian area treated, and was seeing success, but my laser tech who is super friendly does the treatment so fast, she skips over huge areas, and that is very obvious at the end of my package.  Areas of hair loss are super patchy, and if my tech had been consistent with laser pulses, the treatment would have been a success.  If you are thinking about using them, I can't help but think that they give discount treatment to discount customers- especially in large areas where you can't see the treatment.  I have one treatment left, and I'm going to say something to her about it.  I had canceled an appointment over the phone (they require 24 hours notice) and they claimed they never got my message, and took away one of my pre-paid appointments.
4	I visited the Glendale location and have had laser hair removal...I've been going there for months now and have not had a bad experience. They always call ahead of time to confirm my appointment and always bring me back on time. I've even been able to get special prices on more areas. Good experience overall!
1	I went to the Glendale office and also not a good experience.  I have had Botox many times and it lasts me 6-8 months.  The person who administered it said I should get a good 6 months.  In 2 months it was totally gone.  I tried to reach someone for 2 wks. and noone would call back.  When I finally got ahold of someone they said I should come in.  I told them I was going on vacation so could not come in for 2 more weeks but had taken pictures which showed the date. I said if they weren't going to redo it I did not want to make the trip which was out of my way.  They insisted I come in.. When i did come in they took 15 minutes to find my chart and then told me since it was 3 months they couldn't do anything.  I was angry because I had asked that on the phone and now wasted 90 minutes driving time.  I was told , "Sorry, maybe you should complain to Groupon."  Unreal!! Won't EVER go back and don't recommend this place.  I am not even expecting Groupon to refund my money but hopefully will take this place off their list.
5	First of all I would like to give a huge shout out to the ladies at AZ Laser in Glendale, Arizona.  I've had Laser done in various areas and so content with the services at this location.   I purchase a package of 5 treatments and to this day I'm overwhelmed with my results.   During my visits I also invested in the beauty of my face.  The Ethetician gave me the best consultation regarding my skin and the beauty of myself.  I walked out feeling refreshed.  "Just a note" I walked into work the next day the girls were asking why I looked so vibrant of course I shared AZ Laser with them.  I would highly recommend anyone considering Laser and enjoying getting pampered by the best. Happy with my results and AZ Laser.
1	I went here because I purchased a groupon for laser hair removal.  My experience completely depended on who was doing the treatment.  My first two appointments were really bad.  Carmen (who is the manager of the business and/or owner) did a horrible job.  She was lazy and did the laser treatment as fast as possible, missing about half of my legs.  I've had laser treatments done before, and to do a full set of legs normally takes about 45 minutes to an hour.  Her treatments took about 10-15 minutes!  I was also burned both times, and the second burn was quite severe!  She had an assistant that did half of the treatment who was just as bad (probably because they were under her tutelage), and to be fair, it was the assistant who burned me both times.For my next four appointments, I went and saw Julia, who was wonderful.  I would give her five stars on her own!  So if you do go here for laser hair removal, ask for Julia.  She was thorough and did a great job.The AZ Laser & Skin Rejuvination Centers also don't feel very professional.  It didn't really feel like it was being regulated well by a supervising physician.  I'm not sure if my feeling is correct, it's just what my gut is telling me.  I was told that the physician only drops by every now and then to check in.I give this place one star because of Carmen, but if you go and see Julia, I'm sure you will have a good experience.
4	At Yelp, sharing is caring. But let's be honest, sharing about getting the 'brazilian' area lasered seems a bit TMI. Its our private parts, after all.As it seems I have no shame or filter for the private things in life, I shall share my laser experience at AZ Laser Hair Removal. If you really don't want to hear about how I permanently removed all the crotch hair, this would be a great time to stop and click elsewhere. Seriously, it might get graphic.The way I see it, what AZ LHR&SCC (yup the title is too long) lacks in decor, they compensate in results. In terms of a "spa" feel, they definitely lack the 'right ambiance': the laser rooms are very empty and ghetto-looking, the lobby area is tiny and they share a bathroom with the rest of the building- which means you have to go out the back and through some weird corridor to find it. Not the classiest place on earth.But- the laser works. I got the 6 sessions through Groupon and I am almost done (1 or 2 sessions away). If you need some context for my credibility, let me assure you that I have received LHR on my full legs, arms, armpits and crotch. I have tried every laser, pre-post treatment recommendation and they were all done in different places. You think that would make me an expert, really it just makes me sad about how hairy I thought I was.Anyhow (getting sidetracked here), the laser at this place DEFINITELY HURTS. Especially in a sensitive area (hoohah) and maybe even more so if you are not used to hair removal lasers (which I was). The Candela Yag essentially works by sending pulses of the beam to a small round area. The light is intense but the heat and the "zap" feel is what gets you. The technician works small area by small area by spending just a second for each "zap". You might survive some of the thicker skin areas- near the stomach-, but once that tube goes near your nether-regions, get ready to bite on a pencil or something, cause it WILL hurt like hell. If this TMI wasn't enough, let me just warn you that before enduring the touch of hell, I needed to ice my ladybits for 20-30mins prior to the appointment, to get it all nice and numb and somehow minimize the pain. They also recommended a pop a bunch of tylenol... just in case. Although I iced the crap out of my panty-area, I still endured pain, but I can't imagine how much worse it would be sans the ice. I don't even want to think about it. *shivers*I'm not a glutton for pain but I am a sucker for results, and I was happy to see that the hair DID fall off and got patchy by the first treatment. Hair grew much thinner and much patchier.  There are some areas that are still growing thick, but they are so obvious now (in contrast with the rest) that I can show the technician those areas and ask that she focus on them, to make sure that the overall results will be somewhat even. At the end of the day, I can endure 15mins (yes they work very fast) of torture for a lifetime of results, so I kept coming and I am now giving them 4 stars. -1 for the crappy decor and some patchy areas that are not done yet, but all somewhat minor things. I'm sure no one OPTS for pain, but as women, our pain tolerance is higher than any other creature out there, and surely we can survive a hot laser in our crotch to forever look hairless and hot down there, because we are women and we do these crazy f-ed things. BRING ON THE PAIN!
1	They carelessly laser the area you have chosen and cannot keep their calendar and scheduling up to date. I had to wait 1 hour for service.
1	I would say far away from this place if I were you. Upon arrival the lady at the check-in told me right off the bat I was not going to be a candidate for the service I was scheduled for which was $129.00.  Instead she said I needed a $600 service but did not go beyond that, no explanation, no details, no nothing, just very anxious to get me to PRE-PAY BEFORE my re-scheduled appt. Upon rescheduling for this other service that she recommended she told me I owed her $25 for the "consultation". By the way I did not see a healthcare provider so I am nor did I discuss or review my health history with anyone nor did I discuss the services I wished to receive. Finally the 30 second discussion which was just a pitch to up-sell was done in the waiting room, not in private as per HIPAA requirements.  In reality there was no consultation, just a woman at a desk pulling a bait and switch with as many people as possible.  If someone tries to charge you for a service not received by ANYONE other than a credentialed provider you should absolutely ask questions and think twice before handing over your money.  It is no wonder why they get so many poor reviews. I am a health care administrator and if I operated my practice this way we would not have any patients. I suppose the $25 was more important than the $ 600 they were charging me for the service that I seriously considered for a moment before my internal alarm started to sound. They also tried to tell me that I was told in advance that I would receive a consultation fee. When I told her nobody made me aware of this she still did not waiver she continued to say I had. Shame on you!
5	Great place! In Chandler I did the veins laser removal treatment three times and they were gone! Since the first time I saw a huge difference! Something I have had for a long time is now gone:) I recommend this place to everyone!
