3	Clean and New.  Better service than most.
4	When I am at home living the high life in Queen Creek, this is my closest Chipotle. I do tend to prefer it to the Costa Vida across the street, although some times the lines can be long. A big ole' burrito is always good, but typically I go with the chicken bowl. Two chicken bowls and a side of chips & quac will run about $16, but it is good for what is somewhat fast  food. This location always has good service. I visited last night and asked the guy for some of the fajita vegetables - no problem. I ordered the chicken bowl and he said they barely had enough for one serving, so if I wanted he would give me half chicken and have steak.  Which leads to why this is 4 stars and not 5 - apparently chicken is the big seller, so why would you run out? I have to admit since I received the last of the chicken I wasn't really as concerned as the lady behind me who was told it would be a six and a half minute wait while the guy finished grilling the chicken. Maybe its just me, but if you know folks like to eat chicken, is it that difficult to look in the bucket, see it getting low and think maybe you need to throw some yard birds on the fire? Maybe a little operations management/inventory control is needed - but the food and service receives high marks!
1	Not a fan of this place at all. Horrible tasting beef and pork. Every time I have ate at this place I have gotten sick. No going back for me.  I know there are a ton of peeps on here that love it, but I guess its all just a matter of preference.  I have not been happy and am not a fan at all!  I have given them many opportunities too.
4	4 stars because this place is great for fast food.   It's a little hidden but worth finding.  The lime infused rice is wonderful, the burritos are HUGE and all the meats are always fresh and well prepared.  It's great that you can get in and out of a place so quickly with such wonderful food.  This beats Jack in the Box or most other fast food places by a LANDSLIDE!
4	Yet another fine meal from Chipotle, I am now convinced that this cannot be called Fast Food. It's just Far To Good to be categorized with Mac Donalds or Taco BellThe grilled chicken burrito is always great and is HUGE!  It's always two meals worth of food.  Service is always quick so we are always in & out Lickety Split! What more can you ask?
3	Finally, the infamous Chipotle.  No matter what food destiny could await me, my mind will forever be "stained" with the memory of the hilarious South Park "Chipotle-Away" infomercial, with Billy Mays hawking a laundry spray to take away Chipotle-related skidmarks...For those wondering why I would still try it: I actually heard numerous raves from a buddy who used to eat at one in Colorado Springs.  He still insists on pronouncing it "Chi-Pole-Tay."  I told him that it's the same as a chipotle pepper--he comes back saying the pepper is "Chi-Pote-Lay" but the resto says it "Chi-Pole-Tay."Sorry, but South Park says otherwise.Anyway, the Chipotle chain seems to be thriving, converting a lot of people.  I wonder if those people ever eat at real Mexican places.  If you don't have real Mexican food available, you might be impressed on what Chipotle offers.  I'd give this location 2 1/2 stars.The menu is pretty limited: soft or crispy tacos, burritos/fajita burritos, "burrito bowls," salads, and chips w/guac.  You can choose from about 6-7 kinds of meat (or veg options) depending on what you order.  I didn't want fajitas or just veg., so I had to decide between grilled carne asada, grilled chicken, barbacoa (shredded beef), or carnitas (shredded pork).  When we first walked in, we were told there was no rice ready, and there would be about 1/2 hr. wait if we wanted rice.  A girl ahead of us in line walked out.  Not being from the area, we didn't want to go back into the heat and drive, so we decided to kick it.  Fortunately for us (sorry rice girl!) we were then told that it would only be a couple of minutes, and to go ahead and order.  I checked out the meats in the metal serving bins, they looked like they had been sitting for about an hour...shredded meat looked totally dried out --I opted for the grilled beef which didn't look as bad.  What looked really good was the guacamole--freshly pounded and still chunky with avocado.  The guac was $1.40 extra, but it looked good enough to be worth it, and what better way to moisten a potentially dry burrito.  I'm leery of any sour cream that sits out, so I opted for cheese instead, rice, lettuce, hot sauce, and black beans (pinto being the other option).  The rice is a white cilantro-lime rice.  You can also get corn, which I'm about as likely to add to a burrito as an Oldsmobile.  Luckily for me, the kid @ the register didn't charge me for the guacamole addition (he saw me flinch a little when told about the extra charge), so I got the deal.  That move earned your business an extra 1/2 star kid, pushing this review into the 3-star (therefore acceptable) zone.  Way to go!  Since the company might not appreciate your giving that stuff away for free, I'll neglect to thank you by name, so you can keep your job n' all.  Also, Coke Zero was available as a fountain drink, which was a happy surprise to me.The burrito was pretty average in both size and quality.  The guacamole was really tasty, but none of the other ingredients, including the meat or salsa, stood out flavor wise.  The gringo-fied rice and relative blandness of it gave it more of a "wrap" taste than the more authentic burritos I'm used to.  Not bad, just kind of blah.  A decent, inoffensive meal, no more, no less.  I've had worse.     I accept the concept of Americanized, or, as Chipotle calls it, "gourmet" Mexican food.  In the Santa Barbara area, despite having a few authentic places, 15-20 years ago (when I lived there) one of my favorite Mexican places was very "California healthy Mex," i.e., quite inauthentic.  If the quality and value is there, why not.But I wouldn't say the quality of Chipotle is anything approaching "gourmet."  Plus the price--if the kid had charged me for the guacamole, that would have been an $8 burrito.  If you're gonna charge that much, kick up the portion size.  I've paid $4.50-$6.50 for HUGE burritos many times, what I like to call "bricks o' food" that could easily provide two meals.  That's including avocado or guacamole.  I don't mind paying a little more, but at least make it worth my while..  The guacamole stood out, other than that, meh!!For what it's worth, Chipotle does seem to have a commitment to organic and healthy ingredients.  And, I'm happy to say, I did avoid the fate that South Park was warning me about.  I guess with that, the convenience, and the generosity of the worker, this "Chi-Pole-Tay" gets a passing grade...but not much else.
5	This place sits right across the street from where I work and, at most, it's a five minute walk. While the place is usually busy during my lunch hour, that's to its credit because people want to eat there and they're willing to wait. I'm always willing to wait, but folks, they have an iPod/iPhone app and an order online feature that makes it so you don't have to wait. I frequently order my lunch hours before lunchtime. When I get there, it's in a sack with my name on it and I get to skip the line, pay, and eat.Brilliant!Also the staff here is easily the friendliest I've ever seen in a Chipotle. They know my name, even though I only go there once or twice a month, usually on a payday. I usually order my burrito with extra sour cream and they always happily oblige. The service is superb.The place is kept very clean. Indeed, I've seen people come out from behind the counter to clean, wipe, and tidy when they have a brief lull.In the end, I think it says something about the place when I will drive out of my way to go to this particular Chipotle than drive a shorter distance to a closer one.
5	I love Chipotle!  Their vegetarian burritos are the best!  We eat at this location a few times a month, but on our last visit, the girl really skimped on the rice and beans and we had to wait for the fajita veggies to finish cooking.  Not our best visit, but won't keep me from eating there either.  :)  Oh, and the have GREAT margaritas!
4	Consistent like every other Chipotle. Cant say much more, if you have been to one, this is just like all the rest.
4	Not much needs to be said about Chipotle's food in general... if you've never been to one, I suggest going immediately, like, right now, or you might as well jump off a cliff because life is just not worth living (jk, don't really do that).  Chipotle's food is delish, consistent, healthy, fast, fresh, environmentally conscious, and well priced.  What more can you ask for?  If this will be your first Chipotle experience, get a chicken burrito (currently $6.25), with a side of chips and guac ($2.95)... you can't go wrong!Regarding this specific Queen Creek location, I am a frequent.  95% of the time, I submit my order via the Chipotle app in the Apple Appstore.  Very easy and fun to order this way.  I almost always get the chicken (occasionally the carnitas), because I've found that the other meats (steak, shredded beef) are just not that great... the steak is a bit chewy for my taste.  Anyway, the orders are usually complete within 5 minutes of the pickup time confirmation, but it is not unusual for me to show up a few minutes after the pickup time and they haven't even started it yet.  They are usually very kind and accommodating about it, and may even offer free drinks or chips for the inconvenience... and once, they even paid for the meal followed up by one of the employees calling my phone to apologize and ask about the problem.They do seem to have a pretty decently high turnover of the staff.  Not sure what to make of that, but it does cause some hiccups in the service (including running out of guacamole once, which was very depressing... because it's sooo good, and I can barely live without it) as they are training the new employees.  But in all the turnover, I have only come in contact with one employee who should not have been working there, and he doesn't anymore, thankfully.All in all, even though this is not the best Chipotle location, it has top quality Chipotle food, friendly employees, and a pleasant atmosphere.
4	Excellent food! I always get the 3tacos! Best bang for your buck!
3	just fine for a Chipotle, but they refused to chop up some jalepenos.
5	Generally very helpful employees, and its a Chipotle. You have to be happy eating at Chipotle!
4	Having been an employee of Chipotle you would expect horror stories from me I am sure but that is not the case.  In the year I worked there I never once witnessed anything that would make me not want to eat there again, I have eaten there several dozens of times since I left my job and when I was pregnant it was my craving for guacamole that kept me going! It is clean, fast and delicious! My only complaint would be the pricing, for two people it would be about $20-$25 with drinks which is pricey for a "faster food" type setting but it is delicious and large portions so it balances itself out for the most part.
3	They just do not listen when you order, found myself having to repeat everything. Is it just me or are the people who work at Chipotle or Subway about the most miserable of any fast food? If you can get past the staff and their perma-frowns, the food is pretty decent.
1	I've eaten at a dozen different Chipotle locations, and this is the only one that is consistently a bad experience.  The employees are very rude, and typically give you less than a spoonful of meat and condiments.  Don't even attempt to go in the bathroom, because it always looks like it hasn't been cleaned in weeks.  I would advise going to any other Chipotle location, as all other locations I patronize typically are welcoming and clean.
4	Due to the fact that my mother had never experienced it, and that there is one located less than a mile from our digs here in Queen Creek, I had no choice but to take her Chipotle virginity this afternoon.  I would say that this location is fairly comparable to all of the others I have been to, but with much more indoor seating available.Obviously, because this is a multinational chain, their menu offering is the exact same as all other locations.  We opted for the Carnitas (trying to provide the authentic Mexican experience here people) on a salad (authentic no more) piled high with all of the fixings, and of course, a side of guac for the lady.  For some reason the medium salsa ended up being a bit spicier than I remember, but super enjoyable nonetheless!If you are unfamiliar with this chain, it is important to note that THEY SERVE ALCOHOL!  Yes you read that right, bottled beer and margaritas (even Patron if you're feeling fancy) are available for the thirsty adults that want to close their eyes and get as close to the real deal as possible.
1	Let me start by saying I love Chipotle. With that being said I was let down today. There were lots of staff who were 10 times louder than all the customers. You could hear every personal conversation they were having including ones about other staff with "buggers" on them and many colorful curse words (with kids in the restaurant). The manager was included with the staff and seemed ok or oblivious to the conversations of the staff. The food was ok but the service was horrible. Staff was noisy, crude and gave the feeling you were a bother by being here. All I thought about my entire meal was is where the buggers are were or will be. I finally gave up threw my food away and left.
2	Always love coming to here , great food low prices , workers are really friendly , but today was really loud workers screaming for Morgan , workers laughing so loud from the back heard them all the way out front ,  people eating actually looking all around to see who was screaming, then one workers yelled to the others to shut up ,if you can put up with that then go. We will try it again later or have it to go
3	This was the first Chipotle I've been to that the service was subpar. This seems consistent with other reviewers. We phoned in our order for pickup and my wife had to call back twice because no one picked up. When someone did, my wife barely could hear the person on the other line--lots of commotion and shouting. When I went to pick up the order, it was definite chaos in the kitchen. Very noisy. Never been to a Chipotle so loud before. I went to the register, gave them my name and told me what was in the bag. Got home, and was missing one of two kids meals.Called back--still hard to hear--and they offered to replace the meal next time we are in. Not sure we will take them up on the offer, but it was a nice gesture. Food was delcious as always--can't fault them there.
5	Had the Burrito Bowl, delicious. They have staffed up the place for quicker lines and even better customer service. Very healthy as the food is not fried. I recommend if you like fresh Mexican food.
4	By far the best #chipotle around. Decent portion food vs. the pinky portion other chipotle in the area offers. Good customer service, very friendly.
