4	This is one of the better Marriott resort and hotels I have ever been too.  Let's start at the beginning.  For its money you cannot beat it.  Very reasonable prices and parking costs ($12) a night.  Easy access and plentiful.  Coming to the front desk I was immediately greeted by several folks who had me on their list and ushered me to a desk clerk.  Really made me feel special.  Service was fast and Sincere.  The rooms had that great "hotel smell" that  I was staying in a real class place.  The rooms were basic but nice. The sleep system is fantastic.Overall this was a solid 4 star experience.
4	Excellent beds. Loved the pillows. One of the best sleeps ever. The hotel is right in the heart of downtown. Your are a short walking distance to all the attractions: Blumenthal Performing Center, Children and Mint Museums, Morton's Steakhouse.Another plus in my book: they have Starbucks on site. Guys and night owls will appreciate the intimate bar and cigar smoke saloon. Very classy, great selection and soothing music.
5	What a pleasurable stay. All the employees are super nice. I love the unlimited long distance/local package included with Internet. The pool/jacuzzi and workout room are great and very empty. The beds are awesome, the pillows are great and room service is especially accommodating. My only slight problem was slowness of Internet connection. Wish I could give this place 5.5 stars! They deserve it!
4	The Marriott City Center has a great location close to everything. The rooms have been recently renovated and the restaurants and bars in the hotel do a nice job. The rooms are "Marriott practical" meaning that all the things that you need to have a successful trip whether business or pleasure are there. Nice work area with plenty of outlets, but they still charge for an Internet connection ($12.95 per day), sweet bed linens (if you like them alot, you can purchase them through a catalog in the room) and a bathroom stocked with Bath and Body works products. There is a HD flat screen TV in the room and a dock for your iPod but missing was a mini-bar which I thought was a standard in Marriott rooms. Oh well. . . . .no Pringles and beer for me! But what pushed this to a 4 star review for me was the high level of service that I got during my stay. From the moment that I checked in I was taken care of. My room reservation and keys were ready to go when I got there. They lent me an umbrella to stave off the snowstorm that was raging outside. I was greeted at every turn by management and staff alike and room service even ran back downstairs to get me a straw when my Bloody Mary came without one. Every one was courteous and polite. In the small points department, know before you go that the walls between the rooms in this hotel are not that thick. Trust me- I spent the night in the room next to the couple who was celebrating Valentines Day over and over and over again. Instead of "getting a room", maybe they should have "stayed at home". Yikes! Even the TV couldn't drown out their "delight" in having a king sized bed. Let's just say it sounded like they got their money's worth. That aside-Marriott's are a good choice for their consistency across all variables. I'll stay here again the next time I'm in the "Queen City".
4	When it comes to checking in to a hotel, I'm all about fast efficient service. Charlotte's Marriott City Center could be a role model for other hotel establishments. Valet parking, for instance. While many people prefer to self park, there are those of us who would rather not schlep our belongings across a dark parking ramp after a few hours worth of travel. I can appreciate the simplicity of someone waiting for you to open your front door, assist with your heavy luggage, and hand you a valet ticket, smiling throughout the entire exchange. Immediate recognition as you approach the front desk is key to happy patrons. I grit my teeth when I am left standing for a few minutes while staff members "pretend" not to see you while finishing up their previous business. A simple acknowledgement is always appreciated in such situations, but it amazes me how many times the front desk staff resorts to momentary ignorance. Not here though. Big smiles, and a fast, efficient exchange of information. After a quick run down of restaurant times, hotel updates and the fitness room location, I was on my way to my room. Marriott does well with creating a comfortable home away from home: comfy desk chair, ample desk space with plenty of outlets, and my personal favorite, the ipod docking station. There is something so nice about listening to your favorite play list while working away on your laptop. Bummed that wifi is not free (especially when my wireless card is having issues). If Panera Bread offers free wifi, I think a full service Marriott should too. Great location in the heart of downtown Charlotte, the City Center will be my first choice.
3	Stayed here on a recent business trip.  Rooms are a tad small but you cannot beat the location - it is central to everything.  Overall - teh staff was friendly and the rooms, clean and the bed was comfortable.  What more could you ask for?
4	Marriott City Center is the host with the most! Beside the Westin this hotel has all the happenings. This is by far one of the best Marriotts that I have ever stayed in based on comfort, entertainment, location, and amenities. Starbucks check, by now those of you who read my reviews should know that SB is a symbol of civilization that comforts me when I am away from home. Friends know old lady Toya will be getting a basic tall coffee to kickstart a day of activities. This one is complete with Charlotte souvenirs, pickled jams, and veggies from local farmers-nice idea. The gym was clean and all the equipment was new. I'm talking about USB ports in the elliptical machine new! I worked out 2 days in row and the 2nd day I got into the whirlpool, which was big enough for about 10 people. Pool great for laps, lemon water, lockers, fresh towels neatly stacked, attendants on hand. Nice workout area. The Cutter's Cigar bar which I talk about in a separate review and Champions Sports bar with lots of TVs and good lookin men standing around in grape clusters. Too bad you can't pluck one when while you with one. (Just jokin)The hotel breakfast was very good, complete with brunch buffet or seperate selections. All the usual stuff belgain waffles, omlette stations, hot cereals, breakfast meats, All for a very affordable price about $10-15.The rooms were comfortable, the first time my bed ever had too many pillows. All your electronic docking stations available, a nice view of the city, large sink, huge chrome shower head that could rinse a small elephant (luv those), but oddly enough no fridge.Through out the weekend the hotel gave little hospitality gatherings, its rumored they had free drinks. This is a great place to stay, getaways to hotels like this keep me sane.
4	I'm not a big fan of Mariotts (prefer Starwood properties), but this one is relatively new and certainly full of amenities. The location is unbeatable. Cigar bar at the lobby is pretty cool. But, the wifi speed is wimpy.
4	Easily locatable with buildings all around.In the day time, food is easily accessible (night time, it's a little more difficult). There's a Starbucks and a bar within the hotel for some relaxation.Very attentive staff and gorgeous conference areas.
4	The Charlotte Marriott City Center hotel has a welcoming, helpful and friendly staff. The receptionist was very knowledgeable and informative about the places, events and what's happening around the area, a special thanks to her. Now, the rooms smell nice, have great soft comfortable bedding, a HDTV and good views of uptown from the high floors. Room service and housekeeping is fast and efficient which I appreciated. Asked for a late check-out and was easily accommodated with my request. I had no complaints spending my weekend stay here. This Marriott deserves a solid 4 stars.
4	I'm really starting to rack up those Marriott points now.  I can't even remember all the Marriott's I've stayed at, but I do remember all the good ones.  This one is definitely in the top 10.  The location couldn't be better, and although the building seems a little old, the rooms were typical of the more modern Marriotts.  What put this one over the top was the Concierge Lounge on the 18th floor.  Most lounges are simple, bare-bones and offer only just enough.  The lady who ran this did a wonderful job of keeping things stocked and clean.  She even made a pretty good smoothie (healthy too) and offered plenty of fruit for breakfast.  They even had San Pellegrino.  Too bad Kristin wasn't there to take it all.4 stars for the best Concierge Lounge of all the Marriotts I've been.  The rest of the hotel is basic and room service did an adequate job.  The normal rate (over $200) is a little price, but the location is very central.Valet = $18, self-park = $12
5	This review may be slightly biased, as my stay was paid for using a hotel reward that was soon to expire.  You would think a reward stay...not really paying...so they will treat you poorly...um, it was not the case here!Atmosphere - large, central to the hustle and bustle of the city, well appointed rooms, clean, busy.Service - Despite booking my expiring reward less than 48 hrs before use and despite there being a big college game in town, I was treated as though I was paying full price for my free room.  Upon arrival, I was asked if I had checked in as parking was at a premium.  Upon seeing me on the guest list, I was immediately sent into the parking garage.  At the front desk I was greeted by a lovely and smiling girl who informed me that they had upgraded my room to the concierge floor and that I was entitled to a free breakfast in the morning.   Sweet!!Room - The room was awesome! It had an iPhone/ iPod compatible radio, rob, LED reading lights, and a great view of the city.  Plus more pillows than I would ever know what to do with...like 4 rows of them!?!Breakfast - It was a full Continental breakfast w/ an omelet station.  I really liked the breakfast bread pudding w/ strawberry preservers (made two trips).  Overall - I had a great experience in the CLT using my expiring reward and was treated like I was on a vacation far from home (not the actual 20 mins).If I ever need a place to stay in the CLT, this will be my first choice!
4	Really nice hotel in the heart of things in Charlotte.  When I visited for my 2-night stay, they were busy, to say the least.  There were about 4-5 weddings staying there and they kept everything running smoothly and quickly.   Everyone that I came in contact with was friendly and attentive - everyone.  I didn't meet one hotel worker who was nasty or unpleasant.  I know that is what you should expect in the hospitality industry but still, it is rare.  I ordered breakfast via room service and it not only came faster than they had said but they actually called me to find out if it was ok and tasty.  It was and what was even more ok was that phone call.  I have never before experienced that level of follow-up. I also enjoyed breakfast in the restaurant which was lovely.  They were crowded so service was a bit slow but my server checked on me many times and updated me on my order.  I wasn't in a rush so I didn't mind the leisurely pace that morning. I can even comment on the bell hops and taxi stand guys - they were quick to get me transportation and even negotiated for me with a local limo driver to take me to the airport for a lower fare.  Service!  Love it!  I would definitely stay here again when visiting Charlotte and would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone in need of a hotel in the Uptown area.
5	When I give the Marriott 5 stars I am not saying this is the fanciest-shmanciest hotel on the planet where they only accept AmEx black cards and instead of a mint they leave a medium rare, black truffle-stuffed filet mignon on your pillow at night.  I'm giving this place 5 stars for 5 darn good reasons.  Quality of the facility, quality of service, quality of food, value, and location.We used the Marriott City Center for our wedding celebration (11/12/11) and Danijela Djukic took care of every single minute detail perfectly and on time.  The chef is great, and if you want to get truly inventive they will work with you.  All of the support staff at the wedding were phenomenal, the servers, bussers, barstaff, front desk, everyone.  Granted, this service wasn't anywhere near free, but compared to any other uptown hotel you cannot beat it.  Throughout all of the planning they took as much off of our hands as they could.  I guess the best thing I can say is they provided pro-active service instead of re-active repair.The suites are very nice, we had two for the weekend, one for us and the other we used as a hospitality suite.  Let's not forget the great views too.  Even though we may have been a LITTLE loud, they didn't seem to mind TOO much (I mean come on after the party it's the afterparty).The standard rooms are a normal uptown hotel room size, but they are updated, clean and convenient.The pool area is clean and is a great place to relax for a bit or stretch your legs on a treadmill. The location is perfect.  You are right at the "heart" of uptown Charlotte, the intersection of Trade and Tryon.  There are tons of restaurants in every genre in the blocks surrounding the hotel (be certain to try Dandelion Market on 5th - directly behind the hotel).  There are dozens of nightlife venues.  You can walk to Bank of America Stadium (Panthers), Time Warner Cable Arena (Bobcats), the Lynx Light Rail system, the Epicentre, NASCAR hall of fame, and a half dozen museums and culture exhibits.I cannot say enough about how impressed I was both the weekend of the wedding and throughout the process.  I am a fan and will recommend this to anyone who needs a large venue.
4	I stayed here for a corporate holiday party that was held in their large ballroom and really enjoyed myself. The rooms were satisfactory and the suites were great for post-party gathering. The event itself was beautiful and the food was really great. I really liked the event space layout and the staff was phenomenal. Best of all, the hotel is so centrally located that we were able to walk to all the places we needed to go the next morning. I would definitely stay here again next time I'm in Charlotte.
2	This hotel is in a great location and the rooms are good enough. The staff is friendly and there is a fantastic restaurant located in the lobby. So, why only 2 stars you ask? I'm traveling on business, like many people who come to this town, and I cannot come close to expressing my frustration with the wireless internet. ...........................Let me take a moment to calm myself.It's horrible. Paying per device seems silly when it's not uncommon for people to have a few devices, but that's not my biggest issue. My complaint is that I'm having to refresh my wireless connection every 3 minutes on my iPad. It's absolutely maddening. I wouldn't be as concerned if I were here for pleasure. The ability to work from my room is pretty critical when traveling on business. I've never had connection issues on my device, so I'm confident it's not the problem. Over the past two nights, I have spent more time waiting on/refreshing my connection than actual productive time online.
4	Rooms were clean and front desk staff was very friendly. I went for a professional conference, so we had complimentary continental breakfast daily (bagels, croissants, fruit, yogurt, pastries,cinnamon rolls, juices and Starbucks coffee) very good.There is a Starbucks in the lobby (a definite plus) along with a quick shop store, 2 restaurants and a cigar lounge. The indoor pool and jacuzzi were also nice and looked very clean. Cleanliness is my top priority and this place definitely has that!CAUTION! Beware of Champions Sports Bar in the lobby. Horrible food and service.(See my review for Champions)
3	Went here for a conference/meeting. The hotel is at the center of the Charlotte business district. The location is perfect and there are lots of interesting restaurants to visit around the hotel. The rooms are fairly modern. Nothing fancy, but quite OK. The bathrooms are a bit outdated. The beds are quite comfortable. The noisy from the hallways is ridiculous. On a Saturday night you can hear all the parties taking place. They really need to isolate the rooms better for the noise. There is even a sheet of paper in the rooms related to "non-disturbance policy". Clearly the hotel is aware that they have a problem:-)The staff is not very attentive. They seem indifferent to everything. The door man could not be bothered to pick up my luggage, .... Just not the kind of service you expect from a Marriott.
4	Really nice hotel close to everything in the uptown area. Most importantly it's away from the noise in the evening.Walk one block to all of the bars on the ave or Epic center. Epic Center area is really loud at night which makes this hotel ideal since its one block away from the noise
4	Rooms are very clean and the views are great.  The location is right in the heart of Charlotte and convenient to everything - easy walking!!
4	I have stayed many times in this hotel and have enjoyed it. The rooms are always consistent and clean, the staff is friendly, and the location is right in downtown Charlotte. Pluses: Location, Lounge (if you are a Platinum Member) which serves free breakfast and free appetizers and dessert in the evenings, clean rooms.Minuses: The Gym is small, although most of the equipment is in good shape, the views from some of the rooms aren't that great, downtown Charlotte is not very lively after 6PM unless you go to The Epicenter which is about two blocks away. The parking garage smells and so do the elevators that go down to it (Valet is a good option here).
4	This is a nice hotel with reasonable prices.  It's walking distance to almost everything uptown.  There are two restaurants and a Starbuck's on the property plus several more on the block.  Clean rooms, but the shower head was way too low for someone who is 6'4"..The room was sufficient although were only able to get 2 double beds due to a lot of weddings.  The only thing that would have been nice was a fridge, but other than that, everything was good.  It definitely pays to sign up for the Marriott Rewards program.  They also have a nice, clean indoor pool and hot tub with a decent fitness room.  The website said there was a charge for internet, but it was actually free.
3	Location, location, location is the number one rule when picking a spot to stay.  This is in a great spot in downtown or as the people of char would say "uptown". The parking is in a garage below the hotel and runs $20/night which is steep.  The bedding and rooms @ Marriott are comfy and clean.  My biggest gripe w this Marriott is with the scent that is used.  The scent is in the hallways and in the rooms.  I don't know what it is but it reminds me of an elderly persons home.  It has a funky smell.  I expect 4 stars w Marriotts and this one gets 3.
1	First, my disclaimers...  I have a pretty negative stance on tobaco smoke; especially cigars. I'm here on business from Oregon and not only don't smoke cigars, but it wouldn't dawn on me that a hotel would support a cigar bar.  But then, this is the South, and we're in tobacco country (sadly).  I'm a public health professional, and am pretty mortified that the National Association of Public Health Institutes would choose to hold a conference in a hotel that not only had a cigar bar, but reeked of stale cigar smoke.  But, to give them the benefit of the doubt, I'm sure they never thought to ask.So, you get where this is going, right?  Walking into the hotel, it smelled stale.  They sent me to a room (on the 8th floor) that smelled totally moldy - I kept wondering if they had been involved in a flood - did Hurricane Sandy hit here?  I thought another room might help.  The second room they sent me to was either occupied, or someone had decided to have their dinner there.  I asked for a third.Room three doesn't smell much better.  Again, stale and moldy.  But I finally got it - it's the entire hotel.  The elevators reek from old cigar smoke, and the entire building is permiated by this acrid odor.  I can't wait to hear what the public health people have to say about this tomorrow.  Meanwhile, I have to tolerate being in this building for the next two days.  And I already have a headache.  The things I put up with for my job...
3	What's good: tall hotels! Love em. Some nice view of uptown CLT. The fitness room is spacious and always empty...The folks are friendly to the point of ALMOST fawning, but not quite...parking deck is below the hotel and easy to get to.The not so good: my room was an adjoining room, so I can hear the coughing, shuffling, talking and flushing of my neighbor next door. I can't imagine what he's hearing of me...The perplexing: someone on a megaphone at 2am shouting something on the streets of CLT. No no no no no no no. I cannot do that....The Hooters across the street. Classy, uptown.
2	What's that smell?Not sure if it is me but the rooms in that hotel have a weird smell very noticeable when I show up on Sundays. Some kind of wet used socks flavor ... I guess I get used to it and get less affected the rest of the week. Besides that, nothing really fancy or weird about that hotel ... just another full service Marriott. The breakfast for those with lounge access is pretty good though and the attendant is really nice! I like the quiche every morning rotating variety everyday.A big thank to the night shift for going the extra mile and moving us to a conference room and providing refreshments after seeing us struggling in the lobby at 2AM trying to complete a deliverable while they were cleaning up.
4	Great location and nice clean rooms.  The housekeeping staff was not the best at keeping the noise down in the hallways though.  Other than that my stay was great.  I would stay here again in a heartbeat.  The place is right downtown and you can walk to just about anything you want.
4	I recently stayed here because the conference I was attending was held here. In terms of accommodations -- this place was very nice! The rooms were spotless and the housekeeping service was just great. I have to say, the staff really went out of their way to make sure everything was smooth, from check-in to check-out. (They even have a luggage service, attended by helpful staff.)The hotel was in a great part of town too -- it was within walking distance of Epicentre which has a lot of restaurants.If I were in the area again, I'd definitely consider staying here again.
4	Three friends & I [all in our twenties] stayed in a hotel room here overnight. The decor is beautiful, and the service was quick and easy. The concierge gave us free covers into the local bars at the epicentre so be sure to ask. The room was beautiful, the beds were comfortable, and it was a great price to stay downtown. It was a great hotel experience!
1	I had such high hopes! The person who greeted me was wonderful and took care of my large bag and car. But my room is outdated and smells like there has been a massive leak. In the hall there are mops and vacuums. Not a good sign. Is it tomorrow yet when I get to check out? This place is not worth the price!
4	Purpose: for work, have stayed here quite frequently (50+ nights)Pros: - Check In: always pretty quick- Staff: friendly, attentive, and respectful- Concierge Lounge: the food is pretty good (i generally have pretty low expectations for the food served at the lounges) and the lady who works there in the morning and the guy who works there in the evening are such great, pleasant people. [I will edit this when I get their names.] Love the smoothies in the AM! Also, when the Concierge Lounge isn't open for breakfast on weekends, they give you vouchers for their AYCE buffet downstairs. - Bellboys: very attentive- Location: right in the center of Uptown (in my opinion) and close to my work area. About a 5 minute walk to a central bus station and I believe the train station is nearby. Less than 10 minute walk to the Time Warner Cable arena and not that far from the Bank of America stadium.- Early Check In: has been granted every time I've come in earlier than check in time.Average:- Clean & Decent Sized Rooms: not expecting too much here as I really just need the shower + bed - Gym: Cardio & weight room is decently sized (for a hotel). Their pool is a standard size. Yoga mats (+ space) are available. Open till 10/11 PM.- Restaurants: I've had decent food that I can pick up from the Champions restaurant, order to pick up time is consistent (~15-20 min). Cons:- Rooms: all rooms generally have the same layout / I have never been upgraded to a room that's bigger. I've only been upgraded to a room that's on a higher floor. Also, try changing rooms if you're given the rooms located underneath the concierge lounge. Starting at 6:30am, all you will hear are footsteps and chairs moving around. Lastly, beware if you request a room near the elevator as it's generally near the vending machine/ice room. When they're restocking the vending machine, you're going to have a hard time sleeping through that. - Occasionally, super loud people can be heard through the walls/doors (but this isn't really the hotel's fault...)- Occasionally booked solid during busy weeks in Charlotte (they host a lot of events and there's the annual basketball tournament)- WiFi: isn't free for non-Rewards members. Also, it's pretty slow for today's standard.- There were ~2 times where the fire alarm went off (not during the same stay though) for no reason (we were never told what happened).  Unexplored:- Parking- The other restaurant (not their breakfast room and not Champion's)...Overall: I always try to book my stays here if the rates are within my company's allowable ranges. I haven't had too many bad experiences and my complaints are pretty common across all hotels.
5	This Marriott is in a great location if you have business in downtown Charlotte and they have done a good job of keeping it up to date and providing value for the money. Parking is not the greatest, but this is downtown in a major city.
3	Stayed here for one night. Relatively quiet and still in the middle of Charlotte. Room didn't have much of a view but that's fine. Although when I woke up the next morning, I realized that there were stains on the bedsheets that were not from me...glad I didn't notice them before I fell asleep.Weirdly low ceilings as well.A solid choice if you want to be in the middle of everything. $16/day parking that is charged to the card you provide at checkin
3	Stayed here for a few nights recently. Overall, it was an ok experience. Just another business hotel. Room had a strange smell upon entry that you just got kind of accustomed to after some time. Some ventilation would be awesome. The thing that really blew my mind in a negative way was the fact that the track that the curtain was on didn't cover the whole length of the window. So it was inevitable that your curtains would be open all night letting in the bright lights from the city. This I did not like. Another little pet peeve was that the bathroom was cramped. They should really think about putting the door on a sliding track bc it just doesn't work opening into the small space. I was on a pretty high floor so I had a nice view, and everything you would want to get to in downtown is walking distance. The location is really great. I also really liked that the hotel put out little sugary snacks over the course of the day up at the front desk. It was a nice touch. On my last morning I was out the door before the Starbucks opened and the guy behind the front desk was really nice to get me some coffee before they put it out for the morning.
5	Not the best Marriott but certainly fine. The Sports Bar needs to be replaced with something cooler, more hip, not just a tired enclave for business people but a destination as the beer selection is limited as is the wine list
3	It is a bit over-priced for the quality of the rooms. But, still very clean with a friendly staff. There are several accommodations like bars, restaurants, pool/spa, and complimentary breakfast. Valet is not included ($24.00/day). Overall, it's a good hotel and right in the center of Charlotte uptown area.
2	Only 2 stars for location. Rooms are humid and smell like wet dog. Worst hotel I have yet to stay in as a consultant.
5	This is our go-to hotel when visiting Charlotte because we love to park the car and have an uptown/metropolitan weekend. It is in close proximity to all the places we want to go! The hot tub, patio, cigar bar, amenities and staff attention are why we stay loyal.Thank you especially to Teresa, in housekeeping, who persistently took on the task of returning the clothing I left behind in the closet. She called several times  and went out of her way to be sure I received the correct items in a timely manner.We can't wait to return for a little R&R again soon!
3	I booked this because of proximity to my client and availability at the last minute. The room was small, but not bad for one person. Staff was nice, room service good. Many tour groups in the morning.
4	Charlotte Marriott city center is a nice hotel located in the perfect part of downtown. They have a decent sports bar and a good restaurant with reasonable "hotel restaurant" prices.Many decent clubs and high-end restaurants are within walking distance.The rooms are comfortable with a large desk for working. +lots of plugsShower is hot, a good thing, and towels are soft and fresh. (I only mention this because some hotels have a strange chemical smell on their towels after being washed)Friendly, southern staff
4	Stayed here for a management trip with my work. The hotel is semi updated, the lobby is very nice and the room has nice furniture mixed with some old carpets and decor, Bathrooms were very basic with bare minimum amenities. Nice flat panel tv with all the basic cable channels. They didn't have a fridge in the room which was disappointing. This is located in the hart of downtown so its an excellent location to visit most of downtown Charlotte.
4	Very comfortable hotel. The front desk staff is always so nice. I have hosted several meetings here and the complete experience has always been favorable. From in-room dining to restaurant options you will not go hungry. Walking distance to many great places through out downtown Charlotte. I always sleep like a a baby.
3	Hotel is ok. Room was just ok. 6th floor and can definitely hear the street below me. I got an excellent suggestion for dinner at a place around the corner. One big downfall was that I called last night for the restaurant breakfast hours and was told it opened at 6:00. I planned the start of my day and morning calls based on this. And, you guessed it, when I got there at 6:05 was told they don't open until 6:30. When I told them I had called to check, they didn't apologize. It didn't seem they cared at all that I was given bad information.
1	I booked this hotel for the 2014 ACC Championship game. I thought that this hotel, as a host hotel for the game, would offer options for dinner after the game. Wow, I was wrong. We got back around midnight to a line st the only open restaurant where we heard last call was most likely before we could sit down. We decided to try room service... What a mistake. I called the front desk and was told they stopped room service at 11. Wow, 11 closure on a night when they knew most guest would not get back until later. I talked to the duty manager and he was no help at all. His answer was to order pizza. I found all of this very unacceptable. I'm a Platinum Member of the Marriott Rewards program, but I can say I will not stay here again after the lack of preparation they had for game that started at 8:00 pm.
4	We love the Marriott because they are usually in great locations and are clean. They belong to a nice corporation. We only stayed at this Marriott for a night. Checked in around 11pm. The guest service was awesome as usual. The room a/c didn't feel cool enough but granted we came from Northern Virginia where heat wasn't turned on at night. But it's a perfect location. Within a couple blocks of restaurants and bars. We will definitely be staying here on weekend getaways again.
5	Stayed only one night for the Belk Bowl and it was a comfortable & good night. The hotel is very nice & the reps were all hospitable. It is always a relief to be met with a genuine smile when I get to my destination. Our room was clean & comfortable. I slept like a baby & didn't notice any city noise on 10th floor. Breakfast was delicious. I had the traditional French toast...so yummy! Thank you Marriott for another good experience.
3	We stayed here for a wedding in September. The hotel is super convenient bit other than that there is nothing super special. The WiFi was almost an additional $13 a day,  which is a crime when your guests are paying 200+ a night. I travel all the time and the fee is usually $5 per day, if it's not complimentary. The sun deck off the pool area is directly facing office buildings,  which is kind of awkward if you want to lay out in your bathing suit. The buildings also tower above and block the sun for most of the day. The pool was not heated, which is great when you have no sun to help you warm up. And last but not least, our room stunk of mildew...
