4	Red Thai is on the St. Laurent corridor, filled with little, nice restaurants. Red Thai has a cozy, romantic decor, with purple velvet drapes inside Thai Palace carved alcoves separated by wood carvings of kneeling Thai statues with prayer beads, appearing to hold up the columns. The theatre track lighting with orange gels creates a nice mood, and the opposite side has a full wall smoked mirror to give the illusion of space. Nice Bamboo, Hawaiian Ginger and Orchids adorn the entry. The tables are clothed and have little plastic, pink lotus flowers in a glass bowl, with mood candlelights on every table. Sultry Diana Krall sings alluring jazz numbers and fingers her keyboard over the stereo system. The service is timely, polite and on point. The dishes themselves are elegant, in blue and white decorated porcelain, and shaped like a duck, a leaf, etc. The food is great. Try the Plamur, which are two calamari body halves, grilled, and sprinkled with sesame seeds, and dipped in a Thai sweet/spicy sauce. Follow the Plamur with a Gai Kang Kiew, a green chili chicken curry, with spicey red pepper slices, but not overdone with coconut milk, well seasoned and cooked just right, over your white jasmine rice. They don't have Singha Thai beer, but they do have a good wine list and hard to find Hue Beer, from Central Vietnam, or Sapporo from Japan. Bring your date here and have a romantic evening, with good food, good service, beautiful surroundings, and Dianna Krall to get you in the mood.
1	Food and service were just ok. We left our camera on the table after the meal. One waitress told us she saw it and kept it inside, then the ones inside denied and took it. Have left stuff at many places before, hard to find such dishonesty in North America.
3	We came in on a Saturday night. It was a little busy. The food was pricey, but pretty good. The decor was interesting, I felt like the place was a little dirty.The pad thai is a must try. Instead of having the egg cooked into the noodles they made like a thin omlette of egg and wrapped the pad thai inside it. Different and delicious. The pad thai had special kick to it, still can't figure out what it is.All the other dishes were okay. The service was horrible!!! We waited for about 15 minutes after being seated until we even saw someone come by and acknowledge were there. Had to wait another 10 minutes for water. The rest of the night staggered too I guess.Expensive and I've had better Thai food else where = not worth of another trip.
1	Went on a date here with my boyfriend after finding a Groupon for this restaurant. We ordered Chicken Pad Thai and roast duck with vegetables. The pad thai was not very good. The roast duck was decent, but when I ordered a side of rice it was over priced and the portion was very small. In fact, all of the portions were small and overpriced, including the VERY SMALL and expensive spring rolls. My boyfriend ordered a coke and it was very expensive and did not get free refills. Would NOT return to this place again. Especially if i had to pay full price for it.
1	Extremely rude service; extremely disappointing and overpriced pad thai.Two friends and I were looking for places to go for dinner and from the street this looked cute and well patroned.  We were seated quickly, but were not addressed by anyone for another 10 minutes.  The food took forever to come out and my pad thai seemed to have been drenched in pepper ... that or they spilled the pepper mill into the pad thai, I don't know.  The service was the worst I've ever experienced in many trips to Montreal -- it was as if the waitress intentionally tried to piss us off.  I took it as a prejudice against anglophones, but no idea really.
2	Yeah... I wasn't blown away by this restaurant. I went in there expecting very little. Ask and you shall receive. I wouldn't recommend you go there unless it's your best friend's birthday party and she's been giving you the guilt trip about going.
