5	Went here with a group of friends with novice gun experience and we all had the best time! Very knowledgable and professional staff. One of the co-owners owns the motel parking lot that this place is built smack in center of but that does not detract from A-caliber interior and facility. In the lobby, is a crisp waiting/entry area with about 20 large guns on the display rack (except the mounted chrome plated ones like the enormous M3HB) and many more handguns/pistols on the counter. There also is an intricate bank vault door from the John Dillinger days! I was able to handle my chosen guns for closer inspection before heading over to the range. The range itself has thick partitions between lanes and a glass viewing wall where non-shooting spectators can watch and take pictures/video. Our gun instructor Rob was perfect for novice shooters, The safety briefing was thorough and made us feel at ease. The staff have obviously worked very hard to bring an upscale, clean, fun gun club to the Strip. Highly recommended for a break from the gambling scene!
5	Just completed Concealed Carry course offered at the Strip Gun Club. The instructor, Rob, was highly qualified with a background in many areas involving guns (police work, air marshall, teaching advanced levels of gun usage to troops).  The course was presented in a logical order with lots of information on safety and the legal concerns with owning/carrying a gun.  I highly recommend Strip Gun Club for education   and practicing at their beautiful gun range.   Thanks to the highly dedicated staff of Strip Gun Club!!!
5	Recently went shooting with  a group of gals,some had more experience that others,however we were all made to feel welcome. The instructors were experienced and all of them had a great sense of humor and really seemed to enjoy their job. Thumbs up all around..
5	Just recently went here randomly wanted to go to a gun range and saw this place because i was staying at the stratosphere hotel and it is right in front of it. As soon as you walk in you are in complete awe.. it is gorgeous. Extremely well put together and the design looks beautiful! The selection of weapons is awesome! they have it ALL! the packages they offer are OK a tiny bit pricey but i will keep at 5 stars because overall experience was amazing. Myself, my wife and brother and law and his gf left from there extremely satisfied and happy. We also got a free shirt to promote the business :) Travis was the guy who helped us out and one he was awesome went through everything with us step by step.. was funny and a good guy. Thanks bud. We are definitely coming back SOON.Good luck with the business guys Firas Nass
5	I went here to try a few things I have never experienced before. Though I have no other Las Vegas gun experience to compare them to I see no reason to go elsewhere. The staff worked with me, at my level of experience, taking the time needed for it to be safe, comfortable, and enjoyable. I first tried a 1911 Pistol (45ACP) from Springfield Armory USA. The largest 1911 I fired previously was a 9mm and this one actually felt very similar. My first fully automatic experience was with the P90 from FN Herstal and with a single shot you could barely notice the gun fired. Truly an amazing weapon. Then I tried the UMP40 from Heckler & Koch for a totally different experience. To top it all I then spent time at the Chrome M3HB which of course was unique for someone with zero military experience. All in all I left with a better understanding of how these weapons operate and with a lot more respect for their destructive power.I have heard some stories of other places being a real assembly line for checking in, moving over to sign a waiver, getting in line to shoot, and then out the door. This is NOT one of those places. If you are totally green, experienced, or somewhere in between you should be able to have a great time here.A video is going to be worth more than words on this one so visit http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T40POmyHk78 to see my experience. It is NOT a video review, just an edit of all the above mentioned things I tried while I was there.
5	The staff is gracious and patient with beginners.  Shooting a machine gun and an assault rifle wasn't something I planned to do in Vegas, but it was probably more enjoyable than getting a body piercing or a tattoo.
5	Places like this are about having an experience unlike anything you have ever done before.When i first went in i was expecting to see everything painted in cammo and a bunch of military-esque people intimidating the customers. Not the case.Instead you are greeted by friendly faces, a classy atmosphere, comparable to the nicest hotel foyer you have ever been to and a crowd of international and local enthusiasts.Never having shot before, things can be overwhelming. The crew behind the counter gauge what would be best for you and offer recommendations and packages. The packages are priced appropriately, after all i said to myself 'i'm paying for a lifetime experience'. I just recommend mixing up the select fire and not hammering out the rounds too quick.The range safety officers are a wealth of knowledge and relaxed.. plus i picked their brain for cool info i can tell my friends without having to google it all.All in all i rate it 5/5. Right on the strip, not in some dark alley or off the beaten track. Guns were sweet, girls were cute, and heck you can even get married or jump off the tallest building (Stratosphere)  all within 100 feet of this place. That's the business, right there.Thanks guys.
5	very professional, clean and well maintained place. Staff is very friendly. Travis was good help and provided step by step instructions. Recommend this place to anyone interested in shooting ranges. Had a fun time. Will come and visit every time I'm In Vegas. Price was fair take in consideration the price of ammunition. Go and have a good time make sure to ask for Travis. I ordered both the Deloux and the black jack packages offered on their site.
5	Drove by this place a few times, decided to stop by and was expecting some boring range, but I got the total opposite this places vibe is way above your typical spot in vegas. I was great by the friendly and knowledgeable staff, I shot the glock 18 amazing you must shoot this, also a hk with a silencer i totallay enjoyed the hospitality and guidence which was friendly, and not rude like every other spot in vegas. shot a souvenir coin which I get to take home, you must make this a destination when visiting las vegas!!!! They also have concealed weapons classes which I will schedule to take.
5	Had a good experience here.   :)))
5	Amazing experience! The staff is outstanding! Totally recommended!
5	I am a complete gun newbie and the staff here were very kind and professional,  giving me lots of advice as they worked with me.my instructor was a young woman, seemed to know her stuff very well, perhaps as a woman I should mention I did not find this place intimidating at all.Shooting is fun and exhilarating, if you have any concerns about guns this may take away some of the fear, and instill some respect. I can't recommend this enough as part of your Vegas experience.
5	Went a couple days ago with some friends. Not a big gun guy but it was awesome. I shot the G36. I felt like Tom Cruise in mission impossible 3. Always been a fan of that gun since seeing the movie and finally got to experience it. Staff was patient and didn't make me feel like an idiot, which I am when it comes to guns.
5	Went here with a buddy and had a blast. Not much experience shooting guns but the staff was extremely helpful and knowledgeable.
4	Had a great time. Huge selection of guns to shoot and location is right on the strip near the Stratosphere. I originally bought the basic pkg but when I got there I realized it was a bit of a 'wimp' pkg and upgraded. Prices are not cheap so research it before you go, if nothing else at least be preparred for sticker shock. I don't find them higher than others (at least not by much) and would recommend them to anyone
5	My husband and I were visiting Las Vegas for business and he discovered this gun club. We are gun owners, but I've hated every gun club/range we've used because of how condescending the employees generally are to a woman wielding a Glock (yeah... I don't get that either). Anyway, I hesitated to agree to this little adventure, but I'm so glad I did. The minute we walked in we were made to feel comfortable. They have a large selection of firearms to choose from, and the range is professional, clean, and safe. Alex, the girl behind the counter, is friendly and knowledgeable. We were paired with Rob for instruction. I opted to fire a Glock like my own, but my husband chose a scoped rifle that was new to him. Rob took time with us to offer tips on shooting and was very easy to take instruction from. He's a natural teacher with many certifications behind him. Overall, I'm really glad my husband talked me into this and I will visit again if we get back to Vegas. It might seem pricey to me, but I've no idea what other gun clubs in Vegas charge. I would gladly pay the price again to work with Rob.
5	Great location...great selection of guns and the best service in the city.Major thumbs up!
5	highly recommend this place! experienced shooter or not, these guys will take care of you!Upon first entering, the girls (beautiful girls, btw) were super friendly and helpful by going over our options as far as packages and gun choices.  They took the time to explain the packages and recommend guns for us. ( they gave great recommendations).  If you go in knowing what you want to shoot, they will probably have it.  They had such a large selection to choose from.We were even escorted to the restroom. which was across the way.Then they handed us over to Travis who was our safety instructor, who took the time to go over the safety and use of each gun for all 3 of us one at a time.  He never made us feel rushed, just put us at ease and encouraged us to take as many photos and video as we wanted.  In fact, we went back the next day to take more photos LOL we were so amped up from the rush of shooting that we forgot on the day we first went.Their reception area, was large and clean and they had a nice selection of shirts and hats and even some cool "bullet" bottle openers for souveniers.We didn't have a problem finding the place, they are pretty close to the strip, and they have plenty of parking.this was such a rush, if i had more time, I would have liked to go back and shoot again....next time I'm in Vegas this will be on my to do list!
5	I was visiting Las Vegas from California and I brought my pistol with me.  I wanted to find a place that had good reviews and this place did so I decided to give it a try.  I found the staff to be very helpful and knowledgeable.  I am a new gun owner so the tips I was given to improve my accuracy actually helped me when I was there.  The only thing I didn't like was having to buy their ammo there instead of using what I had brought, but no biggie.  You can probably shoot about any gun known to man here and a group of folks were doing that next to me.  Or you can just shoot one, it is up to you.
5	Amazing experience. Had a blast! Literally. This much fun just doesn't exist in California. Everyone was really nice and accommodating. Shot some awesome guns. Great prices. Thanks so much. See you guys on my next trip to Vegas :)
5	We went in with a party of two not knowing what to expect from a gun range, since neither my husband and I had ever shot guns before. Strip Gun Club was so close to our hotel on the strip that we decided to try it out. I was pretty nervous, but the instructor was really calm and knowledgable, which helped me mellow out a bit.The owner was also really welcoming, and the club itself was nice and new and felt safe with all the bulletproof glass. Overall, we found it was worth our time and money because the experience was so nice.
5	My bridesmaids brought me to Strip Gun Club for a portion of my bachelorette party, and I was absolutely thrilled with the idea of shooting guns while all dolled up.  Once we arrived, it was behind a dingy hotel and a chapel, but the exterior of the actual building looked sleek, clean, and modern.  We were greeted almost immediately by two cute girls behind the counter, and were checked in for our appointment soon after.  She confirmed our information, had us review their disclaimer, set us each up with a pair of "eyes" and "ears", offered us the option of using a pink gun, then we were whisked off into the room by Travis.Travis was absolutely amazing at handling three psychotic, screeching women.  He thoroughly explained how to operate the two guns we used, one being a pistol and the other a rifle.  After a few minutes of anxiety and sweaty hands, Travis cracked a few jokes, and completely calmed our nerves (with the exception of one of my bridesmaids who was so nervous she cried).The room was fairly small, holding four quadrants for each session.  It was nice for us first-timers, because there wouldn't be too many guns going off at the same time.We started off with the pistol, then moved into the rifle.  Both guns used the same size bullet, so the rifle virtually had no kick, which made it entirely more fun to shoot; also, shooting the rifle was a lot more badass.  After shooting each gun, he let us have a small photo shoot with the guns.Overall experience was incredible.  One hour felt like 10 minutes, and left me wanting more.  Great job, Travis and team!  We will definitely be back the next time we're in Vegas!
5	I shot the Barrett .50 here. The instructor took a good 5 minutes to explain the functions of the firearm, and then he let me at it. They pay good attention to safety, which I appreciate since it was my first time shooting anything that large. After shooting I spent 15 minutes or so taking photos, and he did not rush or pressure me. It was also the cheapest place I found in that area with the Barrett up for rental; overall, my experience could not have been any better.
4	I must admit I'm not a great fan of guns but when in Las Vegas it's a fun way to spend the afternoon and blow through $1000.The range looks a lot better than some of the others in Vegas and feels a lot more professional too - which isn't a bad thing when dealing with firearms.There is a large selection of guns to choose from, everything from handguns to large machine guns and even sniper rifles. They are all mounted on the wall to peruse, some of the weapons have a surcharge - the P90 and the M95, the latter is an extra $100. I choose the Glock 17 to start off with as I am the most familiar with this handgun followed by the AR-15, AK47, the M249 and the M95. You have to use an isolated and sectioned off range for the M95 due to the noise and gun smoke it produces.My only complaint is that the area where you shoot only has 4 lanes so it gets a little cramped in there.A great experience with some great instructors. Recommended.
5	Visited Vegas in July and we stopped by the Strip Gun club.  We are total beginners and just wanted to try a shooting range.  We bought the "deuces wild package with a $10 off coupon we got from our hotel concierge.  The facility is new and clean.  Our instructor was helpful and spent as long as we needed to assure we were comfortable and understood the safety aspects of the range.  Unlike some other places in town, there is no restaurant or "club" here, just a waiting area and a shooting range.  It was a great experience.  The staff was helpful and friendly.  I'd recommend it as a fun way to spend an hour away from the tables.
