5	I am a general residential contractor who has used many roofing companies in the past 15 years.  Today, I give all of my business to Diversified Roofing.  They provide quality products and workmanship at extremely competitive prices.  I won't compromise my clients by using any other roofer.
2	I called to get an estimate. A project manager came by and looked, but never sent an estimate or called me back. I wasn't in a hurry, so I didn't follow up immediately.After a few weeks, I called him back and heard a message indicating that he was no longer with the company, so I left a message for his replacement. I eventually spoke with the new project manager, and he said he couldn't find any information. I asked if he could come and give an estimate, and he said he would call me back. He never did.I called their main number and had a similar conversation. They said someone would get back to me, but nobody did.
1	They did a great job on my roof, the experience though was horrible. The salesman left my file in the office when he quit, the new manager found 17 files that some were already paid for. I called a few weeks later to say WTH and lets get my roof done. As an insurance guru I need to refer good companies. They did great work, their staff are irresponsible, unreliable, and not trustworthy. I hate giving bad reviews. It doesn't help anyone.The manager now in charge also doesn't return phone calls. I had a client in my office to send him a referral and he never called me back asking for the clients name or number.
1	The work on the roof was fine. But after mine roof they did my neighbors roof ( I referred them to my neighbor). Once they finished I noticed a dent in my car. The dent looks just like one of the nails they shot from their gun. I contacted them and the salesman told  be to get a estimate and he would see what he could do. So I got the estimate and took it to the their office he tried to say it could not be from their nail gun but the nail hit the body sideways and the impression looks just like one of the nails, length, width, taper and head all matched. He said they would pay half. HALF for a dent that your company caused NOOOO. This has went on and off for over 2 years now he no longer works for the company and they said it's been too long and they now will do nothing. $8800 roofing job plus my neighbors' and the $500 dent could not be covered.
