4	Great soups, excellent pastries, top notch egg salad and not nearly as froofy as the upstairs restaurant.  I love the yellow walls and red ceiling.  I will go out of my way to have lunch at this place.
5	There are few places in Madison to get a great espresso - this is one of them.  There is ONE place in town to get a great croissant with that espresso and Cafe Soleil is that one place.  Hands down, they have the best pastries.I eat lunch at Soleil at least once a week.  Great soups - with some awesome chilled soups in the summer (so long summer).  And the trout salad, yum!  Wait, did I mention the Cuban sandwich?  I can't stop and am making myself hungry!
5	Can be extremely crowded during farmer's market hours, but it remains a warm spot for excellent soups, salads, and pastries, not to mention face-making at adjacent babies.
5	Stopped here for a late lunch on a cool spring day and was surprised to find superior quality cafe fare, from espresso and brioche to sandwiches and salads -all top-notch! Warm, friendly atmosphere and fast, friendly service. A wee expensive for my income bracket, but still a place I'll happily take big-city visitors for a midday bite.
3	The sandwiches here are WAY, WAY over-priced.  I paid almost $6 for a HALF an Artesian Farmer Trout salad sandwich (it was served with their house made potato chips which were quite good and a quarter of a pickle).  The sandwich was ok.  The trout was definitely fresh, but it needed some salt and pepper and maybe something onion-y.  I also tried the chocolate croissant which was mediocre and cost almost $4 - don't get me wrong, I get the whole hand-crafted organic baked goods thing and I would definitely pay top dollar for some really outstanding baked goods, but this wasn't outstanding.
4	I come here 3-4 times a week because it's conveniently between my apartment and bus stop. Their coffee, espresso drink (good cappuccino), chai, and my favorite - black currant tea are good. The staff is pretty friendly. During summer, try their lemonade - it's super tangy with a hint of lavender - it's super refreshing and delicious!I think their pastry is way overpriced for the quality, though .... . If you want the best croissant in the town, I recommend "Sophia's cafe" on Johnson (they are open only on the weekend)
5	Handmade organic brats made the night before served with homemade horseradish mustard, nice cool lemonade served outside on the street during farmer's market.  Nice casual cool cafe, sandwhiches, salads, pastires, organic and homemade and reasonably priced.  The brats were probably the best I ever had.  I would have bought a jar of the mustard if they sold it.  The mushroom soup was delicous.  Here is a great place to relax after farmer's market.  It's also a nice place to come for coffee, dessert and conversation.
5	I stopped in here for lunch with one of my friends during the farmer's market. The food was excellent, everything was extremely fresh and very high quality. I had a grilled chicken panino with chevre cheese and bacon, and a strawberry-rhubarb lemonade. The bacon in the sandwich really stood out as being superb, I guess it came from a farm called Willow Creek in Baraboo. The food is fairly expensive compared to, say, Subway (...) but the emphasis on using great ingredients is really reflected in the food.
5	This is one of my must-have stops when I go to the farmers market.  Everything is unbelievably excellent.  The Magic coffee is my favorite, and the butter croissants.  But seriously, everything is just so good.
4	I haven't had lunch at Cafe Soleil yet...but the bakery happy hour is absolutely worth a visit (maybe even an extra 1/2 star for value!).  The espresso drinks are well done (on 4 of 5 occasions) and the savory croissants are lovely, as is the blueberry cream cheese croissant.  The homemade lemonade is delicious and refreshing, especially with free refills.  I've lucked out on days with blueberry and raspberry lemonade...yum!  Local cheeses and farmer's market goods as an added bonus. Spend a lazy afternoon here, reading the paper or working on a paper.  Avoid the hectic farmer's market crowd on Saturdays.
4	Get there relatively early for some of the best almond chocolate macaroons. Stuffed from the farmer's market? Just try one for 75c! If they're out of macaroons, try their homemade brats. I actually couldn't taste why their $5 price would be nearly double of Top Dog's (in Berkeley) but could definitely see how being local and organic and all that could up the price. Regardless, it's juicy, it's good, and the toppings are pretty special. Especially their mustard. I even ventured as far to try to buy it but they don't sell it. Seedy with that authentic mustard test that is hard to find at local markets in the US. Just be sure to try the mustard. It's kickass.
5	All Soleil's food is wonderfully fresh and "99.999999999%" organic.  Best pastries in town, no contest.  The croissants and brioche are perfect.  The coffee is always top-notch and their house chai is spicy and authentic--forget the syrupy from-concentrate stuff you might get at other cafes.  Their sandwiches are pretty expensive for the amount you get, but the quality makes up for it.  I am a big fan of the Farmer John's Provolone.  Breakfast sandwiches come with a very good carrot and fruit salad; lunch sandwiches come with tasty chips that I think they make themselves.
5	The most perfect croissant E-V-E-R.
5	This place is simply the best cafe in town. No question. The coffee is impeccable and the baked goods are divine.It's a good thing I don't work near the Capitol or I'd spend far too much money here... and I'd be fat and diabetic.
4	The almond marzipan croissant and magic coffee are probably the two best things I've ever stuffed into my gullet.One star off because the guy working was a total asshole to us both days that we went. I'm pretty sure it's 2009, but he would only ask my boyfriend questions even though I was the one answering. He was also the kind of barista who grabbed a cup for hot coffee if he even THOUGHT I was going to say coffee and he gave us our total before we were done ordering. Newsflash bud, you are working behind a counter pouring coffee, not curing my diabetes. The attitude just comes off as totally foolish and idiotic.
5	Best raspberry lemonade I've ever had in my life. Loved the grass-fed roast beef sandwich with wisconsin cheese...mmmmmm; yum. I actually wouldn't recommend it on a farmer's market Saturday because it gets too packed for me! But lunch on a weekday is divine.
5	This place is one of the few in madison that offers local/fresh ingredients that look and taste amazing.  Not only do the soups and sandwiches taste amazing...but the coffee/beverages and very interesting and delightful pastries are great!!!!!!!It's a bit pricey, but for what you get and the easy on the conscience feeling you are left with---definitely worth it.
5	One of the most amazing and creative pastry cafes I've ever been to. Absolutely excellent. Had a cherry cream cheese Danish, a herbed chevre croissant with sundried tomatoes and a blueberry peach croissant. (Couldn't stop myself!) Aside from the amazing yummy insides, the croissant outside was perfect: light, fluffy and crispy. Latte was also solid. A little crazy on Saturday during the farmers market but most are taking it to go so we instantly found a table to sit at to relax and enjoy our amazing feast. Will definitely be coming back again soon.
5	YUM! Great food and friendly service made this a terrific recommendation from a local friend. I had half a Tuna Nicoise sandwich with lovely locally-grown tomatoes, arugula, free range eggs, and fresh baked grainy bread. The olive tapenade really put it over the top. Even the waffle-cut chips had loads of salty, garlicky flavor. Husband had soup of the day - red lentil curry - which was velvety soft with warm curry flavor - delicious!! The menu is brief in items but long on description of the contents and their origins, which I greatly appreciated. And the coffee is fairly traded through local roaster Just Coffee. Excellent pick. I will definitely visit again before I leave town.
4	Their portions can seem pretty tiny when compared to most other restaurants.  But I've rarely had something that is not delicious, which is by far more important than quantity.Would highly recommend "The Italian Job" sandwich.  Wish their iced tea was better.Still seems just a tad overpriced, but not enough to deter me.  Yet.
5	2 words- magic coffee. Ohmygosh. Absolute heaven. And this coming from a girl who likes her coffee as black as midnight in the north pole during the winter solstice? Yes, indeed.Oh and the food's good too. haha. I love everything Chef Tory makes. Plus the home made chips are to die for.
4	I really like Cafe Soleil for the fresh, local menu options.  Everything I've ordered has been very tasty.  I think the lunch options are great and the pastries are amazing.  Great location right on the Capitol square and the interior of the cafe has a nice atomosphere.  Maybe it is a little pricey but I try to remind myself that quality ingredients cost more.  I do hate when it is more crowded and you run the risk of ordering and then standing eyeing tables, hoping someone will move on.  All in all, a great place for breakfast or lunch - you can feel good about what you are eating.
4	We just came in from a road trip starting around the Chicago area and had about ten minutes before they closed for the end of lunch hours...Even so, the hostess behind the counter still invited us in and said we could stay as long as we like...We were in a huge rush (trying to make a tour at the Red Gym) anyway...The environs were nice and comfortable without being stuck up.  The mushroom soup we had was rich and delectable, and the Big John Burger was "marranito" and delicious (and the brown/purple chips...Yes, the place was not cheap but you get what you pay for...I highly recommend it (especially if you have more than ten minutes to eat!
3	After a couple more Cafe Soleil experiences, I'm thinking it's necessary to change my rating to 3 stars - "A-OK."  I'm just unfortunately not a fan anymore.$3.50 for a croissant?  Wouldn't be a problem, except for the fact that the day I tried the almond marzipan croissant it was overcooked, dry, and tough.Maybe I'm just too sensitive, but *golden* brown = delicious, whereas *oops I let them cook just a bit too long* brown = not.  And although marzipan can usually redeem anything for me, it just couldn't compete with the overwhelming almost-burned flavor.
4	This is one of those places you feel good eating at afterward, even if you get the Ruben (which, I did). All of their ingredients are local, organic, fairly/sustainably raised, etc.  And you can actually taste the freshness. But it's not soooo simple that its bland or boring.  Their sauces are also well made and I think the composition of the different plates is really well thought out.  The portions are ample, but not midwestern-big (a plus, in my book).The interior of the place is cute, and sunny (imagine that, living up to its name). And the service is sweet and quick.Only minus one star for being a bit pricey for a bfast/lunch/cafe...but I suppose you get what you pay for!
