4	The best way to describe Giligin's (intentionally misspelled) is with an anaolgy:Jerry Springer: TV; Giligin's: Scottsdale.I respect the anti-Scottsdale stance they take at Giligin's. Dress code is way out the window as is any sort of typical formality at even the most casual of bars. Jello shots, stiff cocktails, and, no joke, midgets are all part of the Giligin's mystique. The Wheel of Misfortune is funny and certainly entertaining, but borders on sickening when they bust out the food (Hint: some of it is still alive). I actually prefer the non-Fear Factor nights, when I can go and be trashy but not feel sick to my stomach about it.
1	I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy. I had the worst bar experience I've ever had at Giligin's. Here's what happened: A friend of mine and I ordered some food which turned out to be horrible. When we complained to the waitress, she brought the owner to the table (who happened to be working the front door). So, this rather wide man walks over and when we told him about the food, he proceeds to grab a fork off our table and shove a bite of each item we had ordered into his mouth. With his mouth still full of food he barked: "The food is fine, pay for it." all-the-while spitting pieces of chewed food over us and our table. Then he walked off. In disbelief of what had just happened, we called him back over to speak with him again. The owner was polite enough to come back over and threaten to sic his bouncers on us. Do not go to Giligin's, the place is disgusting.
5	My sisters and brother are big fans of this place.  Everytime I come to PDX, I am taken here and have a blast.  Maybe it's the big redbull/vodka's served in plastic glasses, maybe it's the Wheel of Fear Factor they have, maybe it was the girl bouncing on a trampoline with no shirt on...who knows, but I always have a great time here.
5	THE BEST BAR IN SCOTTSDALE. Yes i said it. Great staff that is super fun and arent afraid to party. You have a stripper pole that gets more action then paris hilton, great music on the jukebox (especially if oyu want some journey in your life.) and last but not least the wheel. You should fear the wheel because the wheel owns all. You will find people from all walks of life at giligans and you never have that stuck vibe you find at most Scottsdale establishments. This is a must for all local in the Phoenix area.
2	tacky.might work in a real touristy place like key west or Hawaii or maybe even a town with less of a bar scene but it tries too hard.
5	One of my fav's.. different from all the surrounding trendy clubs, Giligin's offers a more relaxed, fun environment surrounded by 80's music and other classic pop hits. So stop by and spin the drinking wheel and molest the wooden sea maiden on the wall by the bathroom.. everyone else does! oh, yeah, if your gonna put some beers away, just drink out of a pitcher - by far the best deal.
4	I have to warn everyone, my review is completely based on Halloween Night only, I cannot be responsible for bad experiences on other non-Halloween nights.  I have to say Giligin's really knows how to celebrate Halloween. The place was decorated to the tee, and even had smoke machines running all night, which gave this place a dingy, dark, and scary feel. The place is a total dive, and I think it would be pretty cool on a normal night. I don't even like Old Town that much, but dressed up like V for Vendetta, being behind a mask, made it tolerable.  Also, seeing all the females in their sexy costumes makes it all worth it. It is hilarious to have your ID checked in a costume, as the bouncer looked at my license, looked at my mask, and said "go ahead, have fun" I wished I had made a fake license with a picture of me in my mask (mental note for next year.... Halloween is all in the details)Inside Gilian's it's cramped, and the ceiling are low, it's quaint and cozy, so be prepared to shuffle around people, and tables, and wait to get a drink. (They have food as well) The crowd is mellow, and the service is great. Since I had to drink using a straw (mask restriction) the bartender was laughing hysterically when I took a shot of Jack Daniel's through a straw. I have to say, it wasn't bad! Overall I had a great experience, and people either loved or were scared of my costume. A lot girls needed to see what was "under" the mask to feel secure. One girl in response to my question "what are you supposed to be,  wittily quipped   "I'm the girl of your dreams" , she  wasn't even close, but 5 points for cleverness ;)  I guess that blank look of the V mask, somewhere between half happiness, half anger, half sadness, disturbs people. I spent most of the night in "character"  and thought it was a very interest experience to be behind a mask in public. Since no one can read you face, people interact with you so differently. Also, you don't have to worry about giving anything anyway from a facial expression.  as I proceeded to make my way out, my friends bought me a shot of Jager, (I hate Jager) I looked around and tried to pass it to someone else..a lucky patron. Bellied up to the bar was Jeff Spicoli, I offer him the shot, he takes, and we toast "Aloha Mr. Hand!" I figured if anyone would take a shot of the Jager, it was Spicoli....
4	I wanted to add a review here for the food. I'd been to Gilligan's years ago for happy hour, or lunches that somehow became happy hours, and I can agree with all of these reviews. I stumbled back upon Gilligin's last week while a buddy and I were looking for a different place to eat, and decided to have lunch there.The bar doesn't do a robust business during lunch, and on that day we happened to come in right behind a large group, so the food took a while to come out. We went back and gave them a second chance today, and the food was served promptly. For a bar, the menu was quite diverse, serving everything from "Thangs with shells" to "Thangs with Horns" I've experienced the Crab Cake Poboy, the Chicken sandwich, and have witnessed Clam strips and fish and chips. The portions were huge, the food came out hot, fresh and good. My crab cakes were firm and nicely seasoned.This is not exactly a place I'd take a date (My wife would disapprove, for one thing), but it is a pretty worthy consideration for lunch when in Scottsdale.
4	This place is loads of fun. Non-pretentious fun. There's always something cool going on here and nobody here is a fancypants asshole. Contests, games, entertainment, comedy, music, and strong drinks a-flowing... if you go here and have a bad time, it's your fault.
1	I rue this place. Loath it. Despise it. Scowl whenever I think of my experience here. I'd give this place 0 or negative stars, if I could.Sure, I can see how people would enjoy the low key atmosphere and the camaraderie of friends at a bar in Scottsdale that's not the least bit pretentious. It's not the bar, per se, that I have a problem with - it's the absurd activities during the week. (Of course, Giligin's has made its name based on its weekly events.) Ok, so I can laugh about a midget bartender just like everyone else can. That's funny. Sure, a midget stripper pole. Also funny. Scantily clad women handing out free shots? Eh, that doesn't even faze me nowadays.It's not even the goldfish races that bother me. I guess it's the man in charge on the evening I went. Lewd. Crude. Obscene. Disrespectful. Sure, some people may like this, but I definitely don't. I don't want to hear a string of curse words coming out of a man holding a fishing pole with a dildo attached to the end. I don't want to see him waving it around in people's faces. I sure as hell don't want to see the end of the fishing line smack into a woman's face and the man laugh uproariously, calling the female all kinds of names and insinuating she likes it. You call this amusement? This is fun? This is entertainment? No. This is B.S. When you have to humiliate and degrade people to have a laugh, then you need to reconsider how you spend your downtime. Ok, so maybe I'm coming off a bit strong here. It just riles me up to think people actually enjoy going out to be humiliated and talked down to, like they're scum. It annoys me to know a man is employed to be a complete and utter jackass. And, on top of that, the crowd urges him on while getting rapaciously sloshed.I will never go back here. I want nothing to do with a place like this. In fact, I feel sort of bad for anyone who likes this place for the sheer fact that they can get a verbal beating by a dude with an IQ lower than the goldfish he torments.If that's your bag, enjoy. Just leave me out of it.
2	There is something to be said for a giant  wheel o' shots with every 2 oz beverage imaginable on it that you can spin 3 times for 7 dollars. It adds unpredictability, value, and the excitement of a game show to a tacky night in Scottsdale. Saturday night, I was "lucky" enough to win a "Hot White Load" on the wheel. It's hilarity in name was equally matched by visual appeal of the drink itself. Some eerily seamen-colored butterscotch schnapps suspended like a mid-air ejaculation in some other harder, clear alcohol.But game show tacky is about as high as this place can aspire. Complete with strong-man boxing machines, pirate decorations, bar swings, Bon Jovi blasting, 36 oz domestic bottles of beer everywhere, and midget led karaoke. If you are cohersed  into coming here, as I often seem to be with my Scottsdale friends, I recommend hitting the wheel as fast as possible and to try to enjoy the place for the carnival it is.Although I don't know how it is possible as a female to do so. The thing about Scottsdale bars that always get to me is how seedy all the grown up frat boys and yuppies that frequent these establishments are once they get a couple of drinks in them. They treat it like once they reach a blood alcohol level of .08 on a non-school night, it gives them legal license to grab the ass or grind on any young female who comes within 3 feet of them. Giligin's seems to be built for this purpose. A tiny little bar crowded with unwieldy wooden tables and carnival games with random crap happening at every little corner, which makes it almost impossible to maneuver around for another giant bottle of Coors Light and a shot of Pink Pussy without grinding on a couple people. The girls that we were with on Saturday seemed to constantly have a look of terror in their eyes which dashed around, like the islanders of Lost when they hear the sound of the Monster, whenever they hear another douche bag coming that will likely treat his beer run as license to get friendly with girls they don't know.I talked to one girl I was with about it who lived right by Old Town and she seemed almost surprised when I told her there were bars in the town where you could go without any fear of random boob grabs. While I heard some dudes talk about where to score some good cocaine after my second Pink Pussy shot of the night, I told my friend who brought me there, "dude, next week I'm taking you to Chez Nous."
3	Five stars for the low-slung bar for and manned by midg--ahem, I mean, little people.  But that in itself is not the entirety of the place.  If there's any place in Scottsdale that screams Klassy, this would be it. Giligin's tugs at the senses like a trashy but fun cousin would, whether it's the sticky floors, the tacky wheel of misfortune, the swing hanging randomly in the bar, the refrigerated cases behind the bar like you're at a liquor store or the nightly promotion gimmicks - goldfish races, anyone?  They have a menu, but I will admit I'm scared to try the food here.We came here a couple of weeks ago in the hoopla that was FBR Super Bowl weekend and after ditching all places on Scottsdale Road, we ended up here.  We had a blast before and after the $1 jello shots, and I even got some rad photos with the Captain Morgan's guy.  Later, I found myself walking around with a giant Coors Light, while being soundly defeated by a visiting Wisconsinite girl in a rousing game of beanbag toss. Midwestern bar games were never my thing.
2	What a dump...Cheap drinks, cheap furnishings, cheap women (whoa!), and obnoxious drinking games: XXX Wheel of Fortune and Spin for a Shot... I may just be a little too old for this crap (if you are over 30 steer clear).I do like dive bars that have that old-school feel occasionally, however I am not into dirty, smelly places with drunken amateur-drinker college kids.The food is not worth mentioning - except perhaps the hush puppies. I had one good experience here around happy hour, the couple of times I've popped in since (late night) I regretted.For your own safety do not go to the bathroom here.*They misspelled it on purpose - this place is all kinds of shady!
4	Stumbled on Giligins a few nights ago.  I knew I was gonna like this place when my friend ordered me a Red Stripe and I was served a 24 oz bottle - sweet!!!!   Spin the wheel - its fun!  Cool Dive Bar
5	I Frickin' LOVE this place!!!!! Aside from most of the the Scottsdale bars this place is nothing like them, and that's a good thing!!!Everytime I go there I have a blast. The people there are a good mix Although yes there can be the occational group of doush bag guys and fake hair, fake boobie girls there too. But for the most part it's just really cool place for genuine people that aren't into the whole Snottsdale scene to go hang out. The bartenders are great. Funny and Cocky just the way I like 'em! And Hello......I almost forgot to mention!!! They have BIG beers there!!!!Oh yeah, and the Wheel O' Shot's, Kinda scary!!! The only thing that kind of sucks about the place is that it's sooo small.The bathrooms are small, the patio outside is small, and they even have a guy that works there that's small. But who cares because......they've got BIG BEERS!!!! WooHoo!!!
5	If you're looking for the trendiest nightclub or the most upscale dining experience, look elsewhere.If you're looking to get your drink on fast, furious, and without mercy, and hang out with friends where it doesn't matter how you're dressed, well, this is the place.I've come here many, many times, and the bartenders do volume better than any club where you're paying $15 for a martini.  The bar has some strange, strange things going on (odd, sometimes sick games, the midgets, wheel of shots, now I see they have a permanent beer pong setup that is always packed... It's basically the way you wish your frat house could have been, but with a dirtier floor.The food is good, but don't expect to cut calories here... it's almost all fried, and they give you ridiculous amounts of fries.Mondays, $2 You-Call-Its... in Old Town Scottsdale?  Can't beat that.All in all If you go in expecting your traditional S'Dale Bar, you'll be disappointed... but if you come in with some friends looking just to have fun and people watch, it's far better than any other Old Town bar.
3	I'd been wanting to to go Gilligin's for a while and finally made it this past Friday. It was quite full despite being the Friday of Labor Day Weekend. This has a nice divy atmosphere and kind of makes you feel like you're in a college bar. The aluminum siding and tropdical decor really give it a Mexican Beach Town bar.......minus the potential of being kidnapped and help for ransom and/or raped and/or killed.  The atmosphere is very lively with games such as spinning the shot wheel and other alcoholo related diversions. The midget bar is great and you are served by 100% genuine midgets. This is a great bar to go to with minimal attitude. Everyone here is already drunk enough that any pretense and attitude are long gone. The crowd here is very young. Being 35, I felt like I was quite possibly the oldest person there. Again no attitude or disdain, bu the age factor is almost immediate to anyone whoe is sober. That being said, this place is still worth checking out.
4	My sister loves this place and I now understand why.  It's a great atmosphere and so much fun solo or with groups.  We were kinda over dressed, but no one seemed to care.  Now this bar is not for the faint hearted, I mean I was shocked, by SF standards,  when the bar tender got on the mic and began ranting about midgets and cussing them out. Then all of a sudden there they were 2 midgets running around like little kids on a sugar rush.  They were spinning wheels and walking around with jello shots and whip cream.  It was hilarious and strange.  Other than the midgets, I felt like I was back home on a summer night at the Jersey shore.  Great music and nice people.  As I am not a bar hopper, they sold these extremely large beers, I was amazed.
4	Dive Bar in Old Town?  Why would someone do this?   if you like trendy bars Don't go here.  The place is unique and offers a good time of fun and games.  The food isn't bad and served late, always a plus.    The bartenders are more like entertainers that happen to serve drinks.  How do You know you don't like Dive bars.When you first walk in you are blown away by all the crap on the wall and ceilings, a sure sign of a dive bar, You like it, stay.  But if you are disgusted, or offended  by the look, you should go to a upscale bar and pay a pretty price.  What you should do, slowly walk away, don't try and adapt this place is not your cup of tea.
3	This place is crazy. It is dirty, old and full of drunk people. The draws here are the cheap drinks, the shot wheel and the midget bartenders serving 32oz beers. This place is not for the average scottsdale bar hopper, but in small doses and given the right mindset it can be kind of fun. A good dive bar worth checking out at least once if only just to see the little people... Is that politicaly correct? Did i eat hear, hell no!  I wouldnt reccomend it to anyone either. If you go there you'll agree. Would I go back, yes but only if i wanted to get shitfaced and served by midgets.
5	I guess different strokes for different folks, but I think place is absolutely amazing, and I hope it stays open until the end of time.The bartenders are awesome. They dont have their head up their ass like many of the places in town.  The midget bar is fantastic as are all the midget seats.  The place is decorated and lit in a way that just says come into this wacky place and have yourself a damm good time.  The music was good on the juke box, and there was a lack of the 30k millionaire attitude that many of these places have.I love fun original places and this place takes the gold medal for that.Gilligans, I will consistently entertain your 3 hour tour, 3 hour tour....
5	Great!!  If you have an iron stomach and a DD then play the wheel and get some cheap drinks.I really enjoyed the goldfish race that they had.  We had a group of about ten and one of ours won.  Rules not that important.  Go there get drunk enjoy the people.
2	"You're better than that." And that's exactly the way you can describe this spot.  It has the makings of a great bar--nice location, right in old town, a small but fun size, quirky interior, but it's so poorly run.  The bar operates like a "locals-only" dive bar, and the only problem is that it's completely out of place for that kind of bar.  Listen, I think Coach House fills that void really nicely and sure it would be nice to have a few more places like Patty's around, but the combination of the service and the awful waitresses make this place useless.  I've been here a little over half a dozen times and each time the service has been horrendous.  Each time, my friends would start to wonder, "Um... where'd she go..?"  One time, the very last time, after waiting forever for the check that never came, we simply left some money on the table and left.  So, you figure, hey, I'll just sit at the bar, which worked a few times: cool bartenders, but, what really separates Gilligan's from the other places in the area, coughs Mickeys, is the quality of women.  I think you'd have a better chance with winning the lottery and getting hit by an asteroid on the way to your car than seeing a hottie in this place.  The only reason this place deserves a 2 versus a 1 is that the concept is great, and everyone likes the games and goldfish races, but just hire some better waitresses and get some chairs that aren't 10" inches off the ground.
2	I can't say I'm a fan of the Scotsdale scene, which is why I was excited to go to Giligan's for a friend's birthday- I had heard that it was a dive bar right in Old Town. Sweet, right?? Nope, not so much.We got there around 7pm- it was still relatively quiet; many in the group ordered food, which were all giant platters of deep fried seafood on a mount of french fries. About 10 minutes into eating, a group of 15 or so kids showed up and started playing flippy cup at the back tables, and it got loud enough that I could barely hear the person next to me talking (one of the things I dislike about the Scotsdale club scene). Then, around 8 or 8:30, the place started getting more crowded, the volume on the jukebox was turned up, and the place got trashy. It was a total sausage-fest (not an issue for me, but hard to hook up the guy friends when there's no chicks in the place). The "little people", or whatever the PC term is, were overly creepy- grabbing my ass as they walked by. Ewww.
3	I came to this bar once right after I turned 21. At the time I thought it was cool because A) I was already drunk B) I got some weird fruity drink in a coconut shell C) My friend who was two years older than me told me it was cool and I am highly suggestible.My second trip (yesterday) was as part of a group of 24 for my little baby sisters 21st birthday. This time, being the professional that I am now, I knew that this place was NOT cool, even thought at the time, I was already VERY drunk.They have a cool theme going, but the ... let's say "less than friendly" bartenders completely ruined any type of possibility for fun. They either hated themselves or hated the world. Who knows.The one thing I did really enjoy was the plunger shot my sister had to do, although, I think that it was what set her over the edge. Thankfully this was the last stop of the night. I don't hate this place, but I don't love it. I don't know that under normal circumstances I would have a good time. Although, I did get a picture with a plastic Captain and there is a wooden swing at the bar... but I'm just not that into pirates.
2	I was here for a 21st birthday party. This place is a 21st birthday party. Lots of fun when you are 21....If Jimmy Buffet and Hunter S Thompson were hanging out tripped the fuck out on acid and decided to open a bar together it would look something like this place only with more fire arms. Somehow this still doesn't work that well.There is a swing at the end of the bar obviously of the sex variety. I mean what other purpose could it serve? You can pay for spins on a wheel of fortune type wheel that is marked with crazy mixed drinks that I am too old to drink. No matter what you spin you can consider it bankrupt. one of the drinks is served in a plunger...I assume the rubber is not the easiest thing to sanitize. Overall summary is that this place is made for 21st birthdays and you are immediately too old the next day.
1	Fourth times a charm? -- in that THIS is the 4th time I'm posting a review of Giligin's on Yelp.The first three were inexplicably targeted, "flagged by the community", and removed by Interpol.I will attempt to stay within the boundaries of the ambiguous review rules, but not without saying that this place sucks the ass end of a donkey.
4	This is my favorite place in Old Town and the only bar I will go to around there. It definitely has a great staff (yeah they can be rude but you probably deserve it) and they will hook you up if you're a regular. The food is amazing. Get the bucket of crab legs or the shrimp. My only qualm is that it is in Scottsdale, so you run into your bros and hoes every now and then. Gross. Besides that, it is always a good time here! Some people just need to get over themselves and relax and let this pirate bar do its thing. I mean... where else are you going to have a midget come around offering jello shots? Yeah... awesome.
2	i'm no professor, but have a few reasons          a little advice, lil' buddies, don't evengo to Giligin's, for the wheel of free booze don't care if you're thurston, don't get on that cruisetread gingerly people, don't go, mary annand don't fall in, lovey, avoid this ass can so many places, near by and much hipperone word about Giligin's........skip 'er
1	I made the mistake of going to this place with my girlfriend (at the time), her sister, and her sister's boyfriend. It was their goldfish racing night, and the concept had proven moderately entertaining at Monkey Pant's over in Tempe where I had experienced this previously. However, at this dump they give two complete losers (guys who looked like they were on the 10 year plan at ASU) live mics so that they can degrade the crowd. Now, I understand the concept of involving your audience and taking a few jabs at them here and there for comedic purposes, but these assholes were no comedians, nor were any of their comments particularly funny. The terms "lewd" and "disrespectful" come to mind first, and after making numerous comments about my girl and her sister, we decided to leave. No wonder half the reviewers report that there were no hot girls at this place. Apparently, witnessing the behavior of these cretins gave a pair of creepy old white trash knuckleheads in the crowd the idea that they too should throw out a few sexually aggressive and completely inappropriate comments towards our girls on the way out, which almost resulted in a beatdown that probably would have cost me some jail time had some staff members not intervened. The fact that any business would encourage this kind of behavior on behalf of their employees makes me hope that one day, this shitbox will burn to the ground. A douchebag who doesn't happen to be dressed in standard uniform (i.e. tacky Christian Audigier shirt, overpriced "designer" jeans, and sunglasses indoors at night) is still a douchebag.
3	I used to have an office right down the street from here, and used to go there to hide out often. I just recently ended up back in Gilligan's for happy hour. The beer, wine and wells are $1.00!!! Can't beat that! The bartender made a mistake and pured our order twice so we got a second round for free. The waitress was very sweet and patient with us (we were on the phone a lot). They have a happy hour menu with discounted appetizers. I have had various fried things here before and they were OK. This particular day I did not want anything fried. So we chose the clam chowder ($2.00 cup) and the mussels. The clam chowder shocked me. It was really good! You must try it when you come here. It is super thick with lots of clams and bacon (aka not low fat). The mussels came out a while later and looked awful. They were served on the half shell and placed around a tub of butter. They were so dry and chewy. They tasted like the freezer they came out of. If they would have been served in a sauce or something they may have been better. My advice is to stay away from them altogether. Do not go here expecting something fancy or people to kiss your behind. It is a dive bar, go relax, hide out and have fun.
1	We stopped by Gilligan's on our way to Martini Ranch.  We were having a good time taking pictures on the swinging chair and when I tried to get off the chair my purse knocked my drink over. The bartender made me another drink for free! I thought that was really nice and Gilligin's was cool in my book. I was having a good time until an employee accused me of puking in the bathroom. I told her I didn't puke in the bathroom and she said "Like you would tell me if you did" I asked her if she was the puke patrol and she kicked me out. Good thing she doesn't have a job where she has to use her judgment because she is not the sharpest tool in the shed. She also made me hate this bar because they have nothing but idiots working here. Except for the guy who gave me a free drink.
4	To all the folks out there...I like this bar (no, this ain't no Toby Keith song). But let me warn you this bar isn't for everyone. Here is a test to see if you'll like this bar. If you answer no to any of these, don't bother going... -If you laugh at a dirty joke or when someone farts -if you ever had a crush on Ginger or Maryann...or the professor (I don't judge) -If you ever played a practical joke -If you enjoy the movies porkies, animal house, or American pie the original Let me tell you why I enjoy this bar...I love the bartenders. They will hassle you a bit, make a joke at your expense but they don't mind when you hassle them too. They serve Skull vodka! This vodka is not found everywhere but I do enjoy my skull! This bar has the maturity of a 13 year old, so it is a great place to just act like a kid again. And let me tell you the food is pretty good! mind you it is bar food, so it is greasy, delicious, and big portions. Gilligan's might be extremely loud, packed, and kinda like hanging with your 13 year old cousin...but these are all the reasons why I love it. It's a great get away in the middle of Scottsdale to enjoy some plunger shots, a midget bar, and some good ol' fashion dirty jokes with friend!
1	http://tinyurl.com/447vcnJust sit right back and you'll read a tale, a tale of a crappy bar;Good for me, it's pretty close, I didn't walk too far;The food is poor, and the service is not very good, (it's bad!);We went to eat at happy hour, instead the hour was sad.My mate is a pretty special girl, she said "let's try this out";5 people were inside the joint, For Giligin's Happy Hour...For Giligin's Happy Hour...The music blared throughout the joint, so loud that it caused pain;On grimy tables, floors and chairs, We tried to chat in vain...We tried to chat in vain...This place is not my favorite bar;I wouldn't hang out there;With Giligin;The waitresses;The "thousandairres", and their friends;The "You Tube Stars";and the rest...they all can have my share:)
4	I have not liked one bar at all in Scottsdale, AZ. This was the first one. A semblance of a normal crowd. We ended up talking with some weird local chick, thought they were trying to do some kind of bizarre swinger plot, and they kicked rocks. Some friendly people in there though, all enjoying a good time singing and dancing. Maybe it was because I was inebriated, but the Karaoke was outstanding. These two chicks really belted it out last night. I had a really good time drinking here with my friend. They sell Heineken 22 oz bottles here. I thought that was pretty cool. My friend said "Headband is the best" about this place, I have no idea what the means though.
1	Giligin's is somewhat of a deceptive-looking establishment located in a part of Scottsdale that so many bars or restaurants would kill to be.The place is done up with an abundance of island/nautical themes and leads one to believe it's some kind of clam and oyster bar. It's also tried posing as a sports bar. Truth is Giligin's does serve seafood but I wouldn't recommend getting it. Even standard pub grub like wings, motz sticks and other fried apps were mediocre. Giligin's tried to tap in on the college football crowds some years back and they adopted us to have our game watch parties there. Their tvs were of poor quality, like circa 1990s and many times they left up the sex games that bar patrons played the night before.They had some kind of spin the wheel game with a lubricant in one slot and condoms in another. Sounds like fun stuff but on Saturday morning when people come in to watch their alma-maters play and bring their family, it's out of place and tacky. One Saturday morning they locked the doors and didn't let patrons in (yes there were people inside). No announcement, no note on door, nothing. I have stopped there at night before but I remember it being uneventful and leaving. It was basically just a stop in while heading from one place to another.It seems like it's the kind of place that lives on walker-by traffic. Why else would one go?
3	Twenty-five cent wing happy hours? You bet. Absinthe Bombers (aka the Poor Man's Speedball), check. Goldfish races. Believe it. Stripper poles, a wheel of drinking, a rowdy midget and cougar nights? Without a doubt!I'm not sure what Bob Denver (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAyJPpjqujw) would think of this strangely, perhaps drunkenly, misspelled namesake of a watering hole, but this is definitely the sort of place where misadventures of the inebriated kind happen all nights of the week. Castaway your liver and become one with your inner douche, 'cause you never know when the Scottsdale equivalent of Tina Louise is going to stumble in, perhaps on that above mentioned cougar night...
3	I will give Nish two thumbs up for his spot-on description of Giligan's. Except he forgot to mention the DUI Interlock Night... where they proudly serve you cheap drinks if your local DMV has branded your license. And the Jello Shots. Ya baby!!!It can get pretty crazy in this place. Don't come to Giligan's if you like Affliction shirts, Ed Hardy types or the fake Prada and Chanel carrying hoes. They will be elsewhere, THANK GOD!
4	When we travel from los angels to watch spring training ball games we stop for their specials. The BEST HAPPY HOUR in the area .25 hot wings and $5 pitchers. It' s something out of the ordinary. If you don't want to be bothered by all those crowds and just relax and enjoy a drunk nigh come to giligins bar and see the midget bar.
5	I was wary about coming to Giligins after reading some of the reviews but after going there four different times I realized that all the negative things written were blatantly wrong. This place is not a club it is a bar something I think that a lot of people don't seem to understand. No one here will kiss you a**.  They have 24 oz bottles of beer and drinks that will make the most hard core alcoholic ask for a little more soda in their drink.You can lose the Scottsdale crowd in here and relax like you are at one of your buddy's houses. Sit back, watch the time travelers and the tacky decor and drink. My favorite piece of flare is the large picture of the owner's in laws with Ronald Reagan. The bartenders are some of the fastest in Scottsdale I could almost just walk up and get a drink with out a wait. Plus all of them have a unique sense of humor and don't mind making fun of themselves. Even the two openly gay bartenders aren't offended by any homophobic comments customers might make.There is a midget bar that employs real midgets! Chuey the bartender of the midget bar might look like just a fat blob but can really move when his bar is busy. Make sure you tip Chuey well because I heard that he is going to loose his foot because of diabetes and his insurance won't cover a prosthetic foot so he has to use a second-hand hoof like prosthetic. So any extra money would probably help him get a real foot.They also have a great happy hour with $2 drafts $5 pitchers $3 well and $2 wine not to mention $.25 wings and $.50 oysters. There always seems to be a drink special going on every night so if you are on a budget this place can help. With all this said do not come to this place if you are like the want a be critics that have over a hundred reviews and not a positive thing to say. Also if you want everything to be PC all the time go to the library not this bar. If you hug trees and and love the LA club scene this is not your place, but if you like to drink, laugh and be around a staff with personality this is the place for you. This place is the Best bar in Scottsdale by far. Be careful tho, the big beers and strong drinks might have you unknowingly traveling in the future with Doc Brown. Don't let yourself become one these time travelers cause it can easily happen to the most professional drinker here.
4	I think my judgement is a little messed up, i'm totaly hammered right now and this place is great, --last night. /// Today--- until I figured out this place was a meat market and all the guys started the hunt, witch alright great for them but most of the people there were hammered as well it was getting towards the end of the night, and guys were starting to get desprite, It's funny to see guys act like fools over women. on a better note they had karoke and most the people could sing half way descent! They also had a beer pong table and a flippy cup table, Those are huge bonus's, at last call the people over playing flippy cup, something had happened to make a couple guys jump on one and beat him down, there wasn't any real security that I had saw but it got broke up pretty fast and cooler head prevealed, altough they kept churping at each other and the got that got jumped on had a pretty good gash over his left eyebrow.I did have a cup of soup earlier and it was really good the kitchen is open till 2am so I got a cup of clam chowder that had a exsesive amount of pepper in it but it tasted so good at the time! I think I'm going to go back just to see how good that chowder actually is!To all those that read this posted sorry I jumped around in it so much my brain is trying to recover from all the drinking I've been doing.
1	This place is such a pile of shit. Went in there for a friends birthday and the funny guy bartender pored him a shot of food coloring that stained his teeth for the rest of the night. It was kinda funny but only if he had it coming...and he didn't. At the other end of the bar, the dump truck fat ass of a bartender carded us and I practically needed my mother's maiden name to get a damn drink. The people in there were clearly over served, some drunk chicks were making out on a table, crashed to the ground, and broke it. The bartender's didn't do anything because that was the most pussy they've seen in their pathetic lives. To end the night my friend almost got in a fight with the karaoke host for skipping him so he can sing a rap song to a bunch of blacked out chicks to lure in his nightly date rape. Check this place out to see if you like it. Even though you will most likely want to torch it or shit on the ground as you leave. Steer clear from this
3	Cool place. The bartender was kind of a dick but whatever.  They have beer pong tables and a girl walks around selling $1 jello shots which I have never seen before so that was cool.  The patio was too small though so it was pretty crowded.  Fun place though.  Definitely a place you can find yourself easily shitfaced.
4	Thoroughly amusing.Reminded me of a knockoff of Dick's Last Resort restaurants... but whatever.I had fun here.  I'd come back if in the area and feeling so inclined.
3	Visited back in late April and hit this place in Scottsdale for some late night ..well just more of the same, drinking. The atmosphere was very college-kid esque, and has a midget bar! And real midgets! Oh sorry, little people. The staff was awesome and offering up jello shots left and right. Was with some great people and had some good laughs.This place is for the college crowd or overly drunk, wait, both!
2	Now this place is interesting... especially if you're a pirate!  I went to Giligins as part of a Happy Hour pub crawl, and was not quite sure what to expect.  Well, the drinks were cheap and they had great food specials, but I was afraid to try anything... so I didn't.  It's quite the dive bar that's for sure.  I think it would probably be a better time if weren't the only ones in the bar.  I have no complaints about Giligins in general, I just didn't like it.  It wasn't what you would expect to find in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale.    I would only recommend going to Giligins if you have some time to kill in between some better places.  Feel free to call me a snob, but I'm not a big fan of dive bars in general... so if you are, give it try.
4	What a poop hole!  I love it!  It's 5 o'clock somewhere, pour some sugar on me, love hurts wha!! Record stops..... This place brings it.  Dirty, dinky and tight.  Everyones shoulder to shoulder having drinks and fun.  What's up with the swing seat by the bar?  Still don't know what it's for, but I'm willing to find out!  I totally dig the Wheel-o-drinks = Spin it and where ever it lands you get - for a small fee of course.  I enjoy Dives especially when the owner is the guy checking me in - enjoy!
4	Late night fun times had by all. Over Labor Day weekend they were one of the few places open on Sunday, and good thing they were. Drink prices were good, service was decent, and we all had plenty to drink. I haven't heard great thinks about their food, but who goes to a dive for food. They do have an awesome wheel you can spin when it's your birthday or something fun, G got a free Watermelon shot for her birthday. Not that she needed any more alcohol, but it was fun. I wish the patio was a bit bigger tho.Good time, check it out.
3	So I knew this place had karaoke on a few nights, but it wasn't until recently I found out they actually have Lady Gaga's songs for karaoke! I was pumped! Called some of my friends, about 6 of us, and we headed out there last Sunday. Now, I've never been to this place but from what I was told before going it was "full of weirdo's"... nothing wrong with that I've been known to get a little weird. But let me tell you, walking into this place was like walking into a dirty frat house and yes, there were a few weirdos. There was a blow up doll pinned to the ceiling with a huge fake you-know-what. Funny how none of us noticed it til our food arrived. Also, there were a couple of girls who looked like they were gonna fall onto the floor at any moment and pass out, really? It's Sunday people! You won't find any princesses in this bar. I'm normally not grossed out by dirty dive type bars, but this place was borderline. The food was alright, can't complain about "bar food". One of my friends ordered the "corn dog platter" which was, literally, 5 corn dogs (the frozen kind you get from Costco) on a bed of French fries. The service was good.. The karaoke was what we went for and we weren't disappointed. The rotation wasn't very long so we all got to sing a few songs. The sound was the only drawback. You couldn't really hear the singers or the music. But after a few drinks, all you really want is the mic in front of you, and it's probably better people don't hear you anyways. The KJ was funny and I'm sure I'll go back someday.
5	I love this place. It has a great sense of humor about itself, cheap prices for Scottsdale, and doesn't blast the music so loud that you can't hear your friends. The shots are double shots, the bottled beers are all 24oz bottles, and there's beer pong if you can get in a game.
4	It's a dive bar plain and simple. You can't hide it, and if you go there, you better be expecting to embrace it.I've been twice in the last week, the first times in all my years of Scottsdale bars. My friends are regulars and they know the staff by name. Monday night they have karaoke. Get drunk and sing like no one is watching! I hear they have a skull shaped bottle of vodka and the person that orders the last shot out of it gets to keep the bottle. That's per my friends that every vodka drink order try to win it. But sometimes it's the simple things in life that make us the happiest.
3	Drink too many drinks at Gilligan's and this might turn into a bit more than a three hour tour. How do I subscribe this bar. True dive? Yes. Cheap drinks? Kind of. Phenomenal people watching? Guaranteed hangover? Yes and yes. Gilligan's is the bar you take your visiting friends to. It's the bar, you visit when it's just a rowdy night and you want to avoid the "scene." It's the bar that has karaoke, a wheel of booze and beer pong all in one room. It's dirty, smelly and crazy but if you're in the mood for it, it's a pretty awesome time. The drinks are strong. They serve pints of beer. You can spin the wheel of booze and chances are you're going to get the grossest drink available. So my suggestion to my yelp friends is that if you are in Old Town, wanting to avoid the scene and looking to get rowdy, make a stop into Gillgan's.
4	This place is fun dive bar and it has a beer pong table.  What's not to love?  Nothing too special about this place but nothing bad about this place.  Actually this place is a nice break from the typical douchebaggery.  I don't go here too often but when I do I have always had a blast.  I would recommend it.
3	Pretty fun place to go to. When it is busy there seems to be 1-2 beer pong tables going... and maybe a game of flip cup. It is normally a open table for anyone who wants to play (or maybe I am just pushy that way).Drink prices seem to be reasonable and there isn't a line to wait in.  Great to people watch.Not much to say for Scottsdale's premier dive bar other then it can be a good stop while bar hopping!
4	Great, low key option in old town scottsdale. Ambiance is loud with a fun vibe. People here seem to be happy, content, and drunk. I wouldn't ever make a night of it here but this is a good stop to meet everyone and get some cheap drinks in you.
4	The only reason I can't give this place five stars is because I've literally drank out of a plunger here. Plus, I don't think they even want five stars. That's kind of the beauty of this place. Sure they have possibly the best drink specials ever but what good is that unless you get a vibrator in your drink. Spinning the wheel, goldfish races, jello shots, and of course...the midget bar. This place is awesome. Just don't ever do the wing challenge.
5	It's not really a dive bar, but they try.  Great fun, interesting crowd.  Now, if only they had dancing...
5	I love, love, love this place!  Swings hanging from the ceiling, beer in a 40 bottle, old rickety tables, fun karaoke, beer pong in the corner, a 'spin wheel' for shots, and....of course.....other surprises.Drinks are cheap, atmosphere is cool, and I always have a blast when I go there.  Perfect place to end the night!  I could go on for hours, but you really just need to see for yourself.
4	They had a block party that was really cool!We played Jenga with 2 by 4s!!!  Loosing is loud and very public :(
3	this was our second stop on our cruiser bike pub ride. it was so packed at 9:30, they were doing 2-fers.....2 people out, 2 people in. we waited a good 10 minutes to get in, and by that time, most of the other riders were starting to head out. little more "trendy" than our first stop and more scottsdale folks but we had a quick jello shot, downed a beer and headed out. what else? lots of kitsch all over the walls and ceiling.
5	You've got great food, no cover, stripper pole, beer pong tables, midget bar, strong drinks, fun atmosphere, no dress code, patio, food... What isn't to love about this place?
4	It happened again.....something that can occur with a stop at Giligin's!  Great dive bar to start or end the night.  This is not your typical Scottsdale bar.  Interesting place to watch people and enjoy some cheap drinks and eats!  Giligin's is always on the radar when making the rounds in OT and it has yet to disappoint.  However there has been times when I've had to wait in line.  But I guess the word has gotten out about this hidden bar!
4	This is "that" bar in Scottsdale. That divey bar, that brings in the rejects from other places because guys are drunken idiots, and girls are hot messes.It's not the most hygienic bar in the world, but then again, find me a dive that is. It's generally crowded on a weekend night, and you will have the regulars sitting up front. They've probably worked at the bar before, and have no place else to go.On Friday, we ran into some old guy who was wearing headphones. Maybe that's the hot new fashion accessory? We also met some guy who told us he was a cop. Then he showed us his badge, and I caught on...he was a parole officer. Two different things. Jeez. We got free drinks out of making new friends, though.Then you have the rest of the place teeming with Scottsdale douchebags and whores. It's the perfect place to people watch, and judge. I love to judge. Now that I got all the snark out of my system for this particular review, I will say that this is a pretty cool place. You get beers in 24oz bomber bottles, the drinks are strong, and the bartenders make creative shots. My friend kept saying that the Orange Julius shot touched her soul. I believe it too. I saw the happy look on her face. A few times.The patio can get a little crowded if you want to get some air. Bathrooms. Pray to God you don't have to piss if you are a man, otherwise be prepared for the trough. Thankfully I found a bush somewhere afterwards. Kidding. Or am I?Will I return? Yeah. Definitely.
3	Okay, after a few more visits to Giligin's (I don't know how I keep letting "Nette" talk me into it!) I have to say it is quite entertaining.  I still refuse to eat any food, especially the popcorn!  There is nothing typical about Giligins, they have a midget bar, full sized shot girls who allow "motorboating" for tips, a beer pong table, giant jenga game, a stripper pole and a big screen t.v with rabbit ears.  But beyond its odd characteristics, the drinks are stiff and the people watching is superb!
3	I was disappointed with my experience here. The bartender  wasn't the least bit friendly and didn't even try to converse with us. They were slow and the guy didn't seem to care that he had anyone at his bar. The bathrooms were dirty and the whole bar itself seemed run down. I was bummed the midget bartender and goldfish races weren't going on when we were there because then we probably would have had a better time. The special nights they have are hilarious. Cheap shots for single cougars and for people with the DUI device in their car are definitely original. I'd give this bar another chance because I think it has potential, but I'd hope to get another bartender next time.
5	The food is great (bar food: hamburgers, wings, fish and chips etc) and its not to pricey, possibly the best food prices you'll find in old town if you are looking to go out. The coolest part of this bar by far is the night time activities. The 2x4 jenga, the gold fish races, the midget bar (the little women who runs it is actually a really hot little person), the wheel of drinks, the plunger: all amazing. I thought it would be funny to ICE a buddy of mine (get an unsuspecting person a Smirnoff Ice, which they then have to kneel down and chug) and the bar staff decided to ice me, the shenanigans are fantastic. Ill take this bar over the up-you-ass snotty clubs any day or night.
4	If you want cheap, if you want dirty, if you want divey, if you want... midget bartenders... This is the bar for you! Prepare your eyes for complete visual overload when you walk into Giligin's... there is... TOO much to see; just the zaniest, wierdest stuff you can imagine finding in a bar... it's here. This bar offers great specials AND karaoke almost every night of the week (check out White Trash Karaoke on Monday's)! I've never eaten the food, and I'm not sure I ever will, but SOME people I know claim that it's pretty decent. I just love that this hole of a bar resides in the midst of the Scottsdale "glitz and glam"!
4	If you don't find this bar entertaining on some level, then you should probably go to The Mint. This is like the wet dream of a college boy's favorite dive bar...strong drinks, 40oz beer bottles, beer pong, booze wheel, jello shots, swinging seats, hot-mess stripper pole, and oh yeah a midget bar.  If you have friends in town that enjoy ridiculousness, this is probably a landmark they must witness.  Enough said, I think that sums it up!
1	The midget is a Bitch! Really bad service, she cant even add up the bill correctly, tried to stiff me and when I asked her about it she gave me so much crap about it. I told her dumb ass to use her feaking fingers if she is too dumb to add.  She got a $1 tip from me. Can you beleive she had the odacity to come back and bitch me out. Shit Bitch! GIVE ME MY DOLLAR BACK!!
1	Absolute worst bar service I've ever received. After ordering a beverage and waiting for my companions to order the bartender said "If you're not going to tip, go sit somewhere else". After I explained that I was paying for the round so I'd need to have them order and pay before I could tip....and still no apology. Amazing
1	Came here with a friend on a tuesday when they do 'Gold Fish Racing'. The lady who MC's the whole thing was extremely vulgar and offensive. If you enjoy seeing people made fun with racist and sexist comments and jokes, you might enjoy this place, until you become the target of the remarks.
5	Always a fun time. Great atmosphere, fun and different games. Can't go wrong! I always take my friends from out of town here.
2	WOW WHAT A MESS!!! Got there after running 6 miles and really wanted some carbs and a BEER!! Our whole group was told the kitchen was closed? damn another bar with no kitchen? No the cook just had to help the bartender because obviously he hates his job and was one of the grouchiest men I've met will some one please get this guy the female attention he is lacking? I placed an order and he said oh yea I guess the kitchen is open so I'm the only knowing one to order two beers at one time since it takes him a hour to walk to where? to get the beer oh well the cook fried all the meaness out of my fish and chips and I ended up feeding the entire table off my plate and watching some lame game of sending a goldfish down a flume? Does this place ever get cleaned? I think not, ok i guess we're on a deserted island but this bartender was NOT the skipper.. skip this place.
4	I got over my grudge with Giligin's and have been back a few times. I like to stop by, buy a tray of jello shots, and spin the wheel of booze. Bartenders here are either really cool or really mean. Just expect them to be mean so if you get a nice one you'll be pleasantly surprised. The midget here never fails to amuse me. My ex used to tell me they smell like pennies. Whatever that means....Everything about this bar is obnoxious. If you're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out!
3	It's hard for me to give Giligan's an unbiased review because I am obsessed, OBSESSED I TELL YOU, with that hook game thing they have on their patio. Like, my friends won't even take me here anymore because they know I'll spend the whole night hovering around it and betting with strangers on who can do it in the least amount of tries. The thing is in, I'm not even good at it. If there was a hook game on the floor in Vegas, I would be bankrupt. But like many things I'm not good at (pool, darts, singing, cornhole, interacting with the human race), put a few drinks in me and it is my new favorite thing in the world. So, yes, the hook game probably accounts for 2/3 Stars.Giligin's should always be last on your Scottsdale bar crawl. That way, you're too drunk to notice how gross everything is and can just appreciate it for the fact that they serve gigantic beers that conveniently limit the amount of times you have to stand up and walk back to the bar. Believe it or not, I've eaten here before, and even had their oysters because they have an amazing HH deal for them (I think they're like $.50 a piece or something ridiculous). They were actually pretty good, which even our waitress had doubts about. Jonathon Swift should write a quote about me.All-in-all, a decent spot for when you're already hammered and want to get a giant corona for like $4 and then spend the time and money you saved by ordering a giant corona gambling on your hand eye coordination in a crowded patio next to a hook in the wall. I know that doesn't sound that great, but trust me it is A-OK.
4	Gilligin's can be a hot mess (just like me depending on the time of day), but its always entertaining. The bar itself is pretty small so you may have to wait to get in due to fire occupancy code, but its worth it...if you are already drunk and this is your last stop. Its a really fun dive bar that has fun events everyday of the week from goldfish racing to karaoke and they have a beer pong table that you can use along with a giant Connect Four(ish) game, Jenga, and a bimini ring game outside on the patio. I've never tried the food, but have had good service when trying to get a drink. Its a fun bar that gets better the more intoxicated you get otherwise you could be offended by the cleanliness or comments from game hosts :)
4	This place is crazy and totally rocks!!!What made it even more fun, were the extremely drunk and funny bachelor party - they were outrageous!!!The actual decor is super super cool and we were the proverbial tourists snapping away with our cameras!This place is your dive bar, with great happy hours, OK drinks but an excellent and fun vibe - definitely check it out.BTW:  The bar man was totally cool and kept egging on the bachelor party into doing shots/pole dancing/playing drinking games - so so funny!
5	LOVED this place! Low key, chill hangout spot. My favorite part was the mini bar where you are served by midget a bartender. There is an old school juke box in the corner that has a huge selection of old and new hits. There is huge tree swing at the main bar, tins of huge adult drunken games, too many too list/describe. I recomend just getting your booty down there and enjoy yourself! This bar is great for the active, fun adventure seeking type of drunken night! : )
3	Great dive bar option in old town. The drinks are pretty cheap and they always have specials. A lot of people start their nights here. One thing I dislike is the grimy bathrooms.
4	on our second stop for the night with our visiting friend from South America, we were surprised to see that Giligans was practically empty. then we noticed how early it still was. the other reviews state it clearly....kind of divey, where you go to get wasted (or go when you already are wasted). all the gimmicks make me laugh...the homemade stripper pole, the spin-the-wheel games, the giant connect four. but our friend found the short bar the most interesting thing he's ever seen. he thought there were kids in the bar and when i explained the concept of Giligans short bar and the people whom work, i thought his eyes would pop out of his head. it was hilarious.a cool little bar and we had a better time this time than last.
2	Service? I think NOT.  Have been here on many a drunk night and it seems as though they have traded in the nice bar staff and they recieved a crabby jerk instead!  Though I think you might expect a little crabbiness from a place like this (dive bar, homemade games, icky bathrooms, etc.) the guy on this past Sunday was over the top.  After asking if they had Skyy brand of vodka the guy game me a look as though I was ordering a fruit smoothie blended drink and then kept the look on his face for the next 45 minutes we were there.  If you aren't happy being a bartender... find a NEW job! The only reason I gave this place 2 stars is because in an attempt to escape the bartender we went out to the patio and had fun playing Jenga!
4	Karaoke night is always amazing! Thursday nights and drink specials for those that have the alcohol locks in their cars!
3	3.5 stars!Whenever I'm in Scottsdale with my boyfriend visiting friends we always make it a point to go out. This was my first time going to Giligin's and I had such a good time!Giligin's is a huge dive bar and reminds me a lot of a college bar. It's pretty big and is perfect for big crowds which is clearly attracts. There is tons of seating inside and also outside on the patio.Drinks were strong and made pretty well. My greyhounds, which were about $7, were strong yet I could barely taste the alcohol - just how I like them ;)What Giligin's gets MAJOR stars for are the games they have outside on the patio. They had a table with jumbo jenga and a giant connect four board. SO much fun!They also had a DJ set up outside since they were getting ready for the NYE block party that weekend (which was also tons of fun!). Giligin's is a fun spot to hang out with friends - if you like dive bars definitely check it out!
3	I heard about Giligan's from a mutual friend who actually lives in Scottsdale, and seriously, who can resist a midget bar? Especially a girl with a midget fetish! Upon arrival I was epically disappointed, not at the bar or the atmosphere, but the night we chose to go. We arrived in Scottsdale on a Monday night, and stayed until Wednesday. I was sick on Monday, so we did not go and opted to head over on Tuesday night, instead. BIG BOO. The place was empty due to the holiday and people going back to work on Wednesday. Hence, no midgets, no parties, no spinning of alcohol wheels. Other than the disappointment of the Tuesday night crowd, the bar itself it pretty bad ass. The decor is cool, it's a nifty dive bar, not unlike a few I've been to in NYC, so good job, Giligan's!Also, Erica (the waitress) was a doll. Very attentive, sweet and charming.
4	Giligans Bar is the spot you want to visit when you feel like partying in Old Town, but lay low at the same time. Girls, no need to break out the 5-inch heels or spend an hour getting ready to come here. Feel free to come COMFY. Giligans possesses all the benefits of a good dive, like cheaper booze, (in big bottles), comfortable atmosphere, jello shots, games, karaoke, beer pong, a midget bar, lots of funny drink specials(for cougars and people with a breathalyzer in their car)  and an interesting crowd, but it's not a scary dive like the ones filled with Hells Angel bikers. Good happy hour specials too- lots of munches for 3 dollar which include taquitos, fried pizza rolls, and fried zucchini. Tip- don't drink & drive!
2	Ok bar food, basic frozen items fried. But a lot, and that is why it gets two stars. You get a ton of food for the price, but the staff. Holy crap are they slow. Today was 35 mins for chicken fingers and fries. Plus, they seem shocked if you say think you to them, like they aren't used to it. They always seem like they want to be somewhere else, or at least at the bar talking to the other staff that don't want to be there.
5	Although I am no longer a regular, Gilligan's is still by far my favorite bar in the entire west coast!!!  It is by far a dive, but the funnest place!  It's the place to start any night, or end any night, or spend your night!  Just make sure you have a cab to bring you home, these people mix a mean drink :)  It's perfection to those who love dives.  Awesome!!!!!I haven't been on a Tues in too long, but if they still do fish races, it is a MUST!!!
4	I have only been here once but It is definitley a fun bar to hit up if you are ever in the area. In the heart of downtown Scottsdale, it is close to resturaunts, other bars and taxis are easy to come by. Or if you are feeling adventurous, they have bike peddlersThis place is not your typical drive bar. There are tons of weird/pirate decorations but it just adds to the charm of the barThere is a bouncer but no charge at the door(plus)There is an outside area with high top tables and chairs and a few fun games outsides(imagine a life size large version of connect four-so fun)Inside it is smaller with a lot of tables and chairs off to the left and then off to the right there is a bar which offers and assortment of beers and drinks. There are a lot of fun cocktails but the beers are what you would come here for. They are HUGE(around 32 oz) and cheap($5!)There are several games inside to play as well. Most popular seems to bee Bay Rou or "beer pong".  I only stopped here for a beer but this is def a place to hang out in jeans and a t-shirt and play a few games!
3	Dive Bar.Served hugeeeeeeeee bottles of beer.Good crowd.Midget bar.  Kind of cool!
3	The place is pretty fun. Love that there's karaoke and goldfish racing! I like that they expanded their patio area. Haven't gone for their happy hour or anything. Their drinks are cheap-ish. I remember thinking that my beer should've been less since it wasn't anything special and it was served in a dinky plastic cup lol. Really like the vibe of the place and there's a good mix of people there as well. This is the place to go to if you want a night out and get awesome but want to avoid the Old Town scene with the douche bags and whatnot, this is the place.
1	Is there a negative number for review?Had a horrible experience in this bar/restaurant today.  I went in with my African American friend.  As we entered the bar, the waitress (Erica) and the bartender ignored us.  When my friend finally asked if we should seat ourselves, the bartender told us to seat ourselves.  We stood there for approximately 10 minutes filming the waitress as she turned her back and rolled her eyes.  Sure enough, the nasty girl - Erica, was our waitress.  She came to our table and rolled her eyes while askiing if we wanted something to drink.  When we asked why she turned her back and why she did not greet, she claimed that people (at 3:00 in the afternoon) come in and leave, so she did not need greet us.  When we asked for another waitress, she refused.  We ultimately decided to leave.  THE ONLY THING I CAN SURMISE IS THAT ERICA AND THE BARTENDER ARE RACIST SINCE ALL OF THE EURO AMERICAN PATRONS WERE BEING TREATED WITH DIGNITY AND RESPECT.  IF YOU CARE ABOUT JUSTICE AND FAIRNESS DO NOT GO.  BOYCOTT THIS BAR. It is a horrible place.
4	Pretty chill atmosphere. Service was good. Beer selection is good. Lots of fun games to play and have a good time. Other than one creepster that wouldn't leave our table alone it was a pretty awesome experience.
4	This is another bar we like to hit when we don't want to get all dressed up and instead have a "shorts and flip flops" kind of night. The specials are awesome and they have some fun games like giant connect four. Me and the bf spun the wheel and ended up with some very interesting shots. They also have a bunch of food challenges that I want to come in and try (pizza roll challenge!!). The midget bar, with its Short bar stools, is pretty legit, kind of awkward and definitely entertaining. The little bartender is crazy and periodically gets on the mic and announces free shots for boobs. Luckily, me and bf were sitting there at the time and got to see the good, bad and ugly...mostly ugly lol. We laughed and joked with the bartender and he was definitely pouring strong because we got pretty tipsy at our stop here.
4	Always a must stop when Im in Old Town. Beware of the Shot Wheel & the bar keep's choice. If it looks blue dont drink it. Just leave it on the bar.
1	This isn't exactly the place you go to for great service - you go for cheap drinks and bar games. But in my book, downright rude service is a deal killer, no matter how cheap the drinks are. I went in on a busy-ish night. Busy, but not standing room only. I went and sat down at the bar and ordered 2 drinks. The total came to an even amount ($5 I think). I don't know how anyone else does it, but when I am paying in cash and don't want to open a tab, I pay for the drinks when they are delivered, then leave the tip on the bar top right before I leave. Well, I order my drinks. The guy comes over and says "That'll be 5 dollars". So I pull out a 5-dollar bill and give it to him, once again, because I always leave a cash tip on the bar top before I leave, not at the same time I pay for the drinks. Well, he takes my 5 dollars, gives me a look and says "Oh, thanks for the exact change, sweetie. Thanks a lot!" and walks away. I was so floored that somebody would actually be that rude I just stood there staring at him, then put my drinks down and left.Yes, it's cheap. Yes, they have giant games. But there are plenty of bars in Old Town that have cheap drinks and giant games. There isn't a single reason to settle for horrible service. Now when my friends suggest Giligin's - I pass and meet up with them at the next spot.
1	Dont go during the day! My girlfriend has weekdays off so we like to go day drink and have lunch. We have had one good experience here but after two more tries it has been horrible. The first time they said they were out of 32 oz beer cups so we asked if we could have two 16 oz beers for the 32 oz price, he said no way. The bartender and cook were so busy watching I robot on tv I had to ask for more beer and ask to order. The wings weren't even trimmed! They were still connected to the drum! Gross! I then had to go find the bartender to ask for my bill. The second time was the same thing just a different bartender. He was screaming on the phone about some vender and we had to once again interupt their tv time to get more beer. Just rediculous. I was afraid to order food because when we asked for menus he pretty much threw them at us and dissapeared. We then 30 min later decided to ask if we could order. I don't get it if you want to make a bigger tip increase the check total duh. Once again we had to interupt tv time to get our check. I will never be back during the day for lunch ever again. It is insulting how they treat you like you are keeping them from their daytime show. My advice to the owner is fire all the male bartenders, hire new bartenders that actually want to make money. And don't let them watch movies while customers are waiting for drinks. You are trying to make money right??
5	Everybody knows about Giligin's in Old Town Scottsdale as a bar destination, but I've been there to eat dinner at a couple happy hours now, and the laid-back, fun-loving spot has great deals on greasy food and bountiful drinks.The last time I was there, I ordered a side salad and jalapeno poppers, both for $3 each from 4-7 p.m. every day. Trust me, don't get a salad here. Why anyone would order something healthy in a bar decorated with license plates, crude signs and a beer pong table is silly, anyway, but I learned the hard way you should stick to the fattening stuff. The house salad with ranch had huge leaves of romaine lettuce, which had to be cut in half in order to eat. It also only came with cheese and croutons, so it was a pretty boring offering and not even worth the $3 price.The jalapeno poppers, filled with a cream cheese filling, on the other hand, were pretty tasty. I know they're just fried and served, but they were decent, especially if you've had a few beers.Speaking of which, the drink specials during happy hour rock. For only $2, you can get pints of beer, glasses of wine and well cocktails. The pitchers were massive and only $5 a piece, yielding at least three pints of beer.And if you like wings, they're only 25 cents each and can be covered in any kind of sauce you want, from barbecue to teriyaki to sweet Thai.The crowd during happy hour is more buttoned-down than you might see later at night. It's also smaller, and there are servers walking around to tables like a regular restaurant. There's still lots of fun happening, though, with loud music, sports on all the televisions and an eclectic wait staff.Giligin's is no-fuss and focused on being silly and having a great time, and if you really want to unwind after work, it's a great option. And if you'd like to challenge me to a one of their vegetarian food challenges, let me know, because I'm dying to try one-and you get a $50 bar tab for your table if you succeed!
5	Ah, Giligins.A nice refreshing break from the s--t storm called Old Town Scottsdale. Back in the day I used to get dragged along from one horrid nightclub to another. But on the rare occasion that my friends were feeling like slumming it, we would go to Giligins. And I would rejoice.Giligins has cheap booze, cheap and tasty greasy bar food, party games, and lots of weirdos. My heart is happy just thinking about it. I have lots of foggy but fun memories of the place. And there was always the Giligins virgin that we got to open the "patio" door. Hehe.My husband and I dropped by for a lazy Sunday happy hour a while ago. It was dark and cold and had rock bottom prices for beer and munchies. $5 pitchers of PBR! Hells yeah. We were told that dogs are allowed on their recently expanded patio. I guess we will be hanging out there much more often when the weather cools down. :)
5	By far the BEST HAPPY HOUR in Scottsdale. I was in Scottsdale for 2 weeks for training a couple months ago and came here a few times.  The people that work here have spunk! This place has a very laid back and fun atmosphere, gives you a break from the rest of Snobsdale. The happy hour food prices and drink prices are unbeatable. I recommend this place for anyone looking for a good time and great prices.
4	If I told you I found love at Giligins would you believe me? No? I wouldn't believe me either. In the most hopeless of hopeless places in Old Town (aside from maybe the Rusty Spur...I wouldn't even tell that story though that's just embarrassing) and on the most hopeless of days to be a single person out on the town (you called it, Valentines Day) I met someone. And I fell in head over heels, sappy, rom-com quality love. Everything about this place is so wrong that when you add it all together it equals right. So maybe that is why what normally would seem impossible becomes possible. I mean, seriously. Who do you know that met someone at a bar in old town, much less one of the most rambunctious dive bars around, and it went anywhere past a one night stand or sexting relationship? It ended predictably, but it was fun while it lasted. And I learned that love does indeed lurk in the most unlikely of places. And the best love stories find you. Warning though, if you fall in love at Giligins like I did, don't expect the midgets to catch you.
3	I recently visited Giligin's for some after work Karaoke with friends. Drinks are reasonably priced and there is no cover. The Karaoke host kept everyone engaged and made sure it was entertaining. They had a huge selection of songs from brand new to deep old skool cuts. The beer pong table is great and frankly I am angry more places don't have it. Who says you have to pay a $30+ cover to have fun at a bar in Scottsdale?
4	Tons of great drinks. I always come by this bar whenever I am in oldtown.
5	Dive bar for sure! But I love that its a Midget bar!! Midgets serving you beer that is huge like 40 oz beers lol!! I love that the bars are short. Only thing that would make this bar better is if the there was a midget bouncer and if the place was cleaner.Hilarious literally "little" find in az!! go here place is funny/cute, and one of kind!!
4	My new spot! $.25 wings on Wednesdays. Huge portions. This is a fun place to go. I love the wheel and the little people there. They got a loyal customer.
4	Done and done!!!  Specials everyday of the night whether it's drinks or activities, FO SHO!!!  Amazing time with friends or solo, Roger wilco!  Someones bday did you say, PLUNGER SHOTS!!!!  Amazing wicked blacked out, hangover yep!  I absolutely love this bar and it's atypical of the Scottsdale motif though you will see the scottsdale motif peeps which is why it's awesome to people watch either way.  The bar is definately a dive but with the midget bar, average priced drinks, good seating everywhere, there's always a reason to get a little carried away!  Totally love this place and I always get excited when someone suggests it!  Good place to get rowdy with a group!
4	giligans always seems to be on any pub ride we do. tonight was no different. our second stop and already, this place had plenty of patrons. other reviewers mention the games, but i just like to drink alcohol when i'm here. and it does it's job. as part of our pub ride, we had a few shot tickets, but i'm not a big fan of mixing shots with my beer, and it tasted like medicine (which is pretty normal for shots, right?). we ran into some former co-workers and they were all having a lively time, much like everyone else there. good and fun....they make drankin good and fun!
4	Another pub crawl visit! Giligin's is always accommodating to us rowdy bicycle riders. It's just an all around good place to have some drinks and run into someone you know.....which seems to happen quite often! Super casual, laid back atmosphere. Leave your heels at home.
1	I never got served and when I did the waitress told me that she wasn't supposed to take tables yet.  So I grabbed my shit and left.  I didn't want her to work off the clock for free.  So I brought my business elsewhere.  Will never be back.
1	Well I was with that little group of 6 who decided to stop for drink and chat Saturday about 2:20PM (December 1, 2012). Yes, when we walked in the waitress was seated with a patron, smoking a cigarette (delightful scent on her and her clothing NOT!) which made her STINK. So, yes, she was engaged in a conversation while seated with a male patron (nothing like making yourself at home with the clientele), and using the F-word loudly multiple times. No other patrons were on the patio (figures!). So we pick a table and because there were 6 of us we scooted one table closer to another so we could hear each other above the too-loud music. So the umbrellas were moved one under the other and the waitress, wearing eau-de-ashtray perfume, ran over and admonished us that "they (umbrellas) break easily." Neither umbrella broke.  "What'll you have to drink?" She asks then. We said we would like to have something to eat, and asked if she could bring us menus. She brings the menus.Then I asked if she could turn down the (TOO LOUD FREAKING) music speaker right OVER OUR HEADS, and she said, "not really, a lot of people are out drinking." Well now isn't that grand logic? Gosh I loved her intellect. Brainy women always turn me on. This was just too much and one of the others suggested we go elsewhere, since the volume of music would have required us to shout to one another, as drunks often do in noisy bars, but we were sober. So we left. Having read the other reviews here, it was a wise choice because we might have also have been subjected to the bartenders that were, in those other reviews, labeled "axe-holes." We found refuge at the Marriot one block south, with a lovely, quiet restaurant where we could actually hear each other, and where the wait staff was all one could ask-wonderfully polite and attentive.
4	I really expected this place to be a lot more crowded on a friday night. Much to my surprise (and delight), there was room to move!Great staff, 2 bars, decent prices, good drinks (STrong), good times!This place is so wrong, its right!
3	This was one of the many stops on the UYE Ugly Sweater party.  This was the only stop I made that night, I know I'm totally lame.  I have to say, this was the perfect atmosphere for the event.  The tacky decor complemented our fine yelepers fabulously horrid christmas sweaters beautifully.  The drinks were inexpensive and we got what we ordered, which is all I really ask for.
4	I had a lot of fun here, I enjoy a place that does not take itself seriously but is still fun. They do have a midget bar with midget stripper poles and the hottest midget I have ever seen. I am in love for sure with her..I would check it out and look online first before coming because they have a lot of drink special nights for cougars, people with interlocks or whatever other strange thing is happening.
1	Had to get surgical staples after a nice piece of glass from a shot glass, which was dropped on the ground, ricocheted and sliced open my leg. Forget that though, I would have given the establishment this rating anyway, even despite my little experience.
5	All I have to say is Midgets, swings (not swingers), cheap-strong drinks, Karaoke & did I mention strong drinks?Definitely, by far the most fun I have had a bar in a long time. Not to mention the fact that it is one of the most random and interesting bars I have seen.If you are in Scottsdale you HAVE to check this place out.
4	If I was still in college, this would get 5 stars.  Realistically, it's 3 stars for me, but because I can see why people would love this place, it gets 4 stars.  They have a flip cup table, a midget bar, a spinning wheel with drink prizes, and a fun patio.  If you want a fun, debauchery-filled night out, this is a good spot.
4	Gilligin's is a lot of fun. Indoor and outdoor areas, a few bars (one short and others regular sized) and friendly staff. The night i was there people seemed ready to party, and we joined a bachelor party flippy cup game. My friend was given a 'smurf shot' which is a green sludge drink presented in an actual plunger to drink out of. Never have seen that before! Definitely recommend if you are in town!
4	We were recommended to go here from the concierge at our hotel for drinks. I am so glad I listened to her and went here. I agree with a lot of the reviews below me, the drinks were great/cheap as all get out, and the food was ok for bar food. The decor/music was a little too dirty for my taste (and I LOVE rap music), but overall it was a fun place. If you haven't been or looking for a fun atmosphere with cheap/good drinks and close to other tourist-y locations, this is the place to go.
3	An oddly bright and open bar for Old Town on a Saturday night, but it's pretty much a staple. Gilligin's is a good place for groups and enoying the patio.
5	Fun, laid back atmosphere.  Affordable. Lot's of cheap specials. 2 bars including a dwarf bar that is staffed by dwarf bartenders. (yeah, it sounds kinda cheesy, but the bartenders were hot!!)  Have been here many times on vacation and plan on going back again.
1	Giligans is a bar that my friend's and I LOVE to go to when out in old town. The prices are a little steep for a "dive" bar, however the atmosphere is always fun. My friends and I love to play the over-sized JENGA and Connect four. This past Saturday, however, was horrible. We arrived and ordered drinks as usual. We started to play the connect four, and my friend cut his hand very badly on the connect 4 board. I asked a woman who was walking by for a band-aid, she appeared to be a manager. She said yes and kept walking. About ten minutes later his hand was still bleeding and she still had not brought it over. We walked to the bar and I asked a security guard if he could get us one. When he came out the woman followed and completely ignored us. I tapped her shoulder and asked if she had forgot about us. She immediately turned around and said "I am too busy to be bothered with your little problems. Put your hands on me again and see what happens to you."I immediately reported this to the owner who was standing nearby and she apologized for what happened, but did not seem to really be shocked at all.This is unacceptable behavior from anyone in any business. It was completely brushed under the rug by everyone who we spoke with and went unrecognized.
5	Giligin's is the  open hand, bitch slap, reality check that the pretentious pompous douchebags of Scottsdale need.. This place is not for the spoiled, easily offended, and/or non humorous types. The staff are very curt and and direct when they have to be. If you are a laidback person and willing to experience a really strange good time. Giligin's is the place to be. Midgets, fish races, and karaoke! Oh My!!
4	This place is dirty, noisy, and crowded, but perfect if you're in that kind of mood - and I often am.
1	I wouldn't waste my money going here. I've been going for the past 4 years and had a great time. This past spring training I found the bar tenders to be rude and the bar to be the dump of dives. There are many other fun bars....don't waste your time here
2	I can't give this bar high marks.  I know it's a dive bar.  That's ok with me.  I am a happy hour kinda person.  Sooo  my experience with this bar has only been happy hour.  The service sucks.  The prices are great, as is selection.  But the service sucks.  To get any kind of service, you need to sit at the bar. If you sit at a table, you will be ignored.  The waitress never starts before about 6 pm.  so much for getting help earlier if you choose to sit at a table.   If you sit at the bar, you will be served relatively quickly, but be prepared to cash out and reopen another tab.  For some reason the owner thinks happy hour is a great time for shifts to end and start.  It sucks for the patron.  I guess it just make their life easier for scheduling.  Everytime, and yes it really has been everytime,  I have ordered food and drink, and I have to cash out before I am done eating and drinking because the bartender is going home!!!!  I cant say this place would be bad later in the evening, but after going in many times for the great food pricing at happy hour, I still hate the serviice...
4	We were here on a slow night, and unfortunately missed the midget bartenders, and all the crazy antics this bar seems to be known for. Still even on a slow karaoke night,  we had a lot of fun. I loved all the bar games, and the big front patio. Will absolutely come back here the next time I'm in AZ.
4	drinks? yes. fun ridiculous oversize games? yes. a severely inebriated couple leaving and then getting into their car? yes. the bouncer did take off after them, but what can he do? a staple of old town. cheap beers. fun people.
5	Giligin's is the  open hand, bitch slap, reality check that the pretentious pompous douchebags of Scottsdale need.. This place is not for the spoiled, easily offended, and/or non humorous types. The staff are very curt and very direct when they have to be. If you are a laidback person and willing to experience a really strange good time. Giligin's is the place to be. Midgets, fish races, and karaoke! Oh My!!
1	The Girl Bartender is rude and lacks the most basic concept of customer service.  In times past, I had frequented Gilligan's, however, with the overwhelming options in old Town, I will no longer bring my business to Gilligan's.  There are many other bars that offer, not only better food, but better atmosphere and a more friendly experience.  For Example:  Bungalow.  There is no point in wasting your time and money at Gilligans.
3	Cheap fried stuff, cheap and disturbingly strong drinks and a trough urinal What else do you need?  A "midget bar" staffed by actual small people?  They got that too.They have a bar type menu and we only shared some appetizers- all of which seemed straight out of a freezer. It's a decent place-- nothing wonderful and it didn't suck.
1	The staff was beyond rude, i saw some people comment positively about the midget bar, I just found it exploitive and offensive.  The night I was there was not really busy, and I admit I tried to ask for something complicated (2 shots of Jagermeister and a can of red bull) and the man behind the bar proceeded to ask me "what the fuck do you want?" and just mixed it in a glass anyways, then gave me all my change in singles as if i was obligated to leave a tip after being treated like a sub human. It was my friends birthday so I asked if they had a specialty drink for birthday guests (which I was completely ready to pay for and I thought I did because I did not realize my drink alone was sooo expensive in such a ghetto place). They made him a concoction and poured it into a toilet plunger (which he thought was kind of cool), this completely stained his mouth green (it apparently also stained his bowel movements for the next 2 days as well). An hour or so later he went to order another "plunger" they would not make him one because he already had one, instead of informing him it would cost $xx.xx. Just all around poor customer service. Besides all this the place was not exactly clean... I will never go back
4	I'm a big fan of Giligan's. I liked it before they expanded the patio and I like it even better now. Great dive to hang out at during the day or at night. usually gets pretty crowded, and it's a fun, casual crowd. They have a wheel you can spin which is fun and they have giant beers. They are usually running specials and the drinks are pretty cheap even when they aren't. I like to sit outside and I also love the giant Connect Four. The food is all fried bar food which is good if you're down to be unhealthy and the portions are GIGANTIC. We ordered tater tots the last time we were there and literally they gave us like 100 tots. Probably more. I like the decorations and random signs in there, they have a table for beer pong in the back, and TVs too. They have block parties for most holidays as well. all around a good bar, especially if you aren't looking for the typical old town scene. They also have a shot that is served out of a plunger, which is just ridiculous and hilarious (as long as you aren't the one taking it). $1 jello shots too.
1	This place is just gross and dirty. I would never recommend it to anyone unless they lived in a trailer.
4	I love this place.  It's hard not to enjoy yourself at a midget bar.  I wouldn't eat here under the drunkest of circumstances but for a few drinks and a good time with friends you cannot beat it.
5	This place gets five stars because they serve fried Totino's pizza rolls. Really had my inner fat kid squealing.
1	Grumpy bearded bartender got annoyed due to happy Hour mixup. I ordered a Bud light bottle for HH, but right after I did I noticed it said draft was 2 bucks. Could not get his attention and he almost cried when I told him about the problem. Wahhh..you got a crappy job anyway buddy, just try and enjoy yourself. The patio is infested with ants so be careful out there and the midget bar is cute, but a waste of space.
3	Cool place to hang out. Although the bartender (bitch) behind the counter is unhappy. She stands behind the counter apparently waitress/bartending after I place order she makes me come to bar and get my own food. Not once did she come and ask if anythings needed or a 2nd round. The tab was $43.50 I gave her an over deserving $3 tip. As I walked out I hear her say, "3 dollars". While sitting on patio I walked back inside dropped her a$20 she stink eyed me as I came inside and I told her this was for her. She asked did I need change? I told her "no" and exited. Bottom line you didn't do shit and I understand food service ie; waiter,bartending sucks but lose your attitude especially when you did nothing.
4	Four stars for the games alone - especially Giant JENGA. Yes, simply making jenga huge increased the fun factor exponentially. There's also Connect 4, a simple "get this ring on the hook" game and probably their most famous - Goldfish races. Back to those later. The place is very large both inside and out. We came early in the evening on Tuesday , beating the inevitable goldfish race crowds. We got our drinks pretty quickly - the special that night was huge Coronas for not much $$. I can't remember the exact amount cause I had more than one to say the least. My group played all the games to be had, and then settled at a table inside for the goldfish races. I'm a big softie for animals/fish of any kind so I wasn't the biggest fan of squirting poor fish down water troughs but it's pretty popular. The commentary at the very least was hilarious. Service at the table was pretty good even when the place started to get hopping. My only warning would be to check your tab before they run it. Between two credit cards, we had about $20-30 of drinks/jellos shots we in no way ordered and just happened to ask for the bill before we paid it. For what it is, a solid four stars. **ps check out their website - HTML CLASSIC!!
5	I've frequented Gilligins since moving here (time #1) in late 1998. It was a great place then, and is a great place now. Hasn't changed a bit, actually.If you're looking for a swanky/trendy place full of political correctness, you may consider not coming here. If you're seeking a place where all of the Scottsdale pretties come out and act hoity-toity, you may bypass this place all together.Drinks are cheap AND heavy pour. Be careful.Food is pretty much all fried and all BAD for you.Does it smell like stale beer and chicken noodle soup body odor? Yes, yes it does. But if you can tolerate this and looking for a dive w/a bit of personality, I think you have found a gem.BTW: I had a celeb sighting here once - back in 2000 - it was Dustin Diamond (Screech, from Saved by the Bell). I don't hold this against the venue.
1	I usually hit old town with my best friend and her SO (also one of my good friends now) - we've been here a bunch of times and have absolutely loved it. Great atmosphere, great jello shots, etc. Tonight was the night of the NAU ASU game and so it was pretty empty and low key. We were directed to Amanda for jello shots who basically ignored us and the request for one not having whipped cream. Whatever. Later we're still here, and it's a friends birthday so my BFF's boyfriend texts him, and Amanda walks by and rudely says, "if you wanted a picture all you needed to do was ask."  like... We are texting. So we go up to her and politely say we'd ask her if she'd pose if we really wanted a picture. She screeched at us and was essentially saying it's too late the damage is done, wah wah. If you're working at this type of bar you can't be a jerk. Yeah. They have smaller people. If we wanted pics, we'd ask. No need to ruin a bar for us there, girly. Either she's starving for attention or she had a miserable night - either way we don't want to come back.
3	Seriously, this bar would've been a solid FIVE-STAR.  It's a bar I would've dreamed of seeing when I lived in SF.  When I heard about this place after moving to Scottsdale, I was really excited to check out the happiest place on Earth not named Disneyland.There are a lot of fun games to play, great food, they play a lot of amazing music when there aren't too many people in there, you can spin the wheel, great staff.  This is a good bar...but it's not a great bar.  A great bar is Cheers.  A place where everybody knows your name and they're always glad you came.  Giligins has a lot of potential to be that bar, but it's in Old Town and plays crappy music to bring in snobbish people to maximize profits.  NOTHING WRONG WITH THAT, but there is a price to pay for that. I give it a 3-star rating because the other people who go to this bar.  Many of the other customers who go here are the reason I don't like to go to Giligins.  I think the midget bar brings in a crowd of people with horrible personalities who want to go to a place where they can make fun of people.  I like to think of Giligins as a bar intended to celebrate people's differences and people can enjoy the company of others.  However, people like to be incredibly shitty to others for no good reason.  Other than that, this is a very creative and original bar.  I think for it being an Old Town bar, you're bound to get horrible personalities--unfortunately, that's just the culture around here.  I'm having a difficult time coming to terms with this, but I might have to in order to survive.  If this bar were anywhere else, it would be a more positive place.  I think I had high standards for a bar with a neat concept.I am willing to give this place another shot.  I'll write a better review if I go on a weekday and it's a lot better.  I've only been on crowded Saturday nights.  It's worth checking out any day of the week.
2	The female little person bartenders are EXTREMELY RUDE,,almost to the point of hostile,,Tonight one of them was calling my friend stupid because SHE screwed up his bill by adding food he didnt order,then charged his food to another mans card and GAVE my friend the card,,totally uncool to eat drink and spend money at a place where the servers are outright bitchy
3	They tolerate a lot on Sunday afternoons in December.
1	Bitch of a bar tender. We have been going there three years. The new girl has no manners
1	I don't plan on returning to Giligin's again. I've frequented this bar quite a few times in the last couple of years and I love the atmosphere, but the experience has always been just okay, at best. The staff needs some training in customer service...I could go on but I'll just give one example: I went up to the bar on my most recent visit to redeem our group's four shots from spinning the wheel - When I asked which was which the bartender said she was "far too busy" and just gave us all mystery shots even though the whole place was pretty dead and there were other bartenders on duty. Also, their shots are overpriced. I ordered the same type of shots at multiple bars that night and Giligin's was about $2 more a shot than the rest.
1	The bartender expects a tip on even the smallest of tabs. We came back here after a bar hop and got heckled for it when we were opening a large tab with food and drinks and about to tip generously. It was so bad that we decided to leave and never come back. There are other places that understand customer service better. We had this experience a few times there!
2	My friends made me go here. Because they wanted to see the little people bar. Just being honest. I was into the games and the beer, which they have. It has its merits, which are fun drunk activities. jenga, connect four, big oversized games.  They have a touch screen game old enough to be featured on the Flintstones. So us shorties sat in a large, high stool together and drank overpriced beers, WHEN WE COULD GET THEM. because Grouchy McGrouch bartender was not noticing the empties, even when we slid them up so they almost fell off his side of the bar. There were a lot of drunk guys around being very obnoxious, making politically improper comments about what they expected to find there. They even went to far as to physically bother my friends and I. I think this is a one time visit type of place. Get drunk, eat greasy fried foods, overpay, feel ill the next day, and never return.
4	There are a goldfish racing all Tuesday,it's funny,bartender is very crazy! you'll spend a good evening!!
5	I change my mind.  This IS the happiest place on Earth!
2	not impressed. lol it was just ok...
4	I actually really like this place more then I thought I would.  I usually don't like crowded bars that are loud.  This place had many fun games which included beer pong, jenga, connect 4 and others.  It was a pretty chill place.
1	I came in for the first time looking for maintenance as I was at the Giants game and was told midgets worker Vanessa the waitress was so rude to me I left after 60 seconds and will never return again.Do not go to this place it's a joke I'm so sad I wasted my Driving there
2	I went there on Halloween night.  Very crowded, difficult to have a chance to actually have a good time.  Will try come back here on a regular night to actually check it out.
4	This bar is cool and hip. Funky and fresh to see something different. The have games and a quaint atmosphere. Huge drinks and cool people. A must see.
3	I have been here several times and honestly, this place kind of gives me the hebejebes. It just seems dirty and messy to me. A stark comparison to many Old Town bars you will go to, so at least you can dress down a bit when playing your life-sized Jenga game. Which, by the way, was awesome. Life sized plinko looked fun, and the ring toss thing was fun too. A nice addition to Old Town, again, because it is different from other bars.
1	A few of us stopped in for a drink and walked up to the bar to grab a couple drinks. The bartender was very short with us and I didn't really think twice about it.I saw a menu and decided I wanted to try a couple wings. The menu was for happy hour which had just ended so I figured that I could still order those items, just at an increased price. The bartender was extremely rude and spoke to me like a was an idiot.Basically, I asked for an order of "3 hot wings" and she responded with "No you can't".  I was just shocked by the reply. After a second, she continued with saying that you can only get a dozen.After that, we finished our drinks and left.Not going back there. Worst service/place ever!  0 stars if yelp would let me.
4	I really enjoy this bar. I enjoy the food, games and most of the staff. I really want to give this place five stars because I like it that much. There's just one girl bartender that was very unpleasant and made my group of friends feel unwelcome. It was their first time and I hoped to show them why I love the place so much. But that girl bartender, can't remember her name...think it starts with an "E." Anyways, a guy named Nate stepped in and was awesome. I remember his name because he saved the night for my group. Thank you for keeping us happy. Hope that other bartender finds her happy place. It's clear Nate loves his job and the customers.
2	I went during the day in the middle of the week and ate outside, was pretty slow so I was really surprised it took over 30min to get food. I got the fish and chips which I don't really like fish that much but I like cod, catfish and salmon if it's fried and fresh. The fish tasted... old, it was soft and blubbery. However I should say the best fish I've had has been from the bay in Cali. I've even had box fish that tasted better.They were sweet and kind enough to give me chicken instead, but the chicken was soft and it tasted like they fried it in the fish oil, even the next day at home it tasted fishy, I wanted to like it, but I couldn't.Although I will add my friend thinks this place is the greatest, but he's always drunk when he's there, so there's that.
2	Well I came here to see some flair or personality, must have picked the wrong day. The place is empty and the guy(bartender) seemed smug and a little pretentious. Didn't even know 3 drinks we asked for so I ordered a beer. Where are the little people???I'm left with that bitter aftertaste that Scottsdale is good at leaving you with.
1	$20 for a fuzzy navel? Is that bartender-code for "please don't come back"? The only reason he got my money is because i thought i was paying for my friends's drink also. I found out differently when we got back to our table. I saw plenty of reviews about cheap drinks. Either we don't live on the same planet or i got taken advantage of.
3	How had I never been to Giligins before? This is actually what Amy H said the other day before swiftly leading me there (along with the husband, Irene V, and Amanda B). There are many high points to this bar including the chair swing.... a swing at the bar, yes please!, the 32 oz PBR for 5$, and (of course) the little people and little bar. Now I must give you the warning... When I walked in I saw the wheel of booze... and I had to participate. But really, how could you resist? The problem is that this wheel is more of a joke. You get 3 spins for 7$ and they won't tell you what are in the oddly named drinks until you drink them. I got some pretty terrible stuff. I had one that was a blue something or another... well, it was green, tasted like garbage, and stained your teeth... not cool. I got another that was so spicy, I almost died... ugh. The third was fine, it was a kamikaze. We also had some jello shots... cuz... they were available... and they were very strong and not amazing, but cheap at 1$. Anyway, I would go back here again... but no more wheel.
3	This place is a total dive, but for what it is, Gilligins is great! If you're looking for a super relaxed place to get a cheap drink and play some beer pong, Gilligins is the spot.Pro-Tip - Make sure you have an up-to-date tetanus shot before coming in -_-
1	I've been to this place a few time but most recently it has gone completely down hill and beyond help.  This was never the place to go for good service but more for game and fun atmosphere.   Last few time not only has it become horrible service but rude service at that.  Specially this ugly rude girl that called herself the manager.  I order some fried zucchini off there late nite menu and after 45min it still hasn't come and when I asked about how much long she rudely said that it will come when it comes and that they only have one fryer for the whole bar.   Let's just say that will be my last time going to this establishment.
1	Love dive bars, but over hyped!  Nothing that special about this place.  Bouncers are ridiculously rude and obscene.  Apparently when last call ends, your drink needs to be gone and you should leaving the bar... Compared to most bars where last call ends then you have 15 mins or more to finish what you bought.  Past that the staff will curse and scream obscenities over the mic as the force everyone out the very second last call ends.  While dealing with drunk crowds is never easy, you'd think a bar would be better at handling them... Simply put they've hired a bunch of mall cops on power trips  and it's very apparent they don't give a $hit about their customers, or at least that what they say to everyone as they shove them out the door.  Also worth noting- While visiting, I wasn't involved in any confrontation with the staff or any other customers.  This experience was just the status quo for the evening/night.
1	Not even 1 star is deserved! I personally hate this place! Old, dirty, smelly bar with poor poor customer service! I would never recommend this place to anyone. I actually talk people out of going there! There are SO MANY better places in Old Town to get drinks and/or eat at! Close down Gilligan's PLEASE!!!
2	My go-to place when I want bad food, amateur drinkers and bartenders who try to overcharge or under-change.
4	What can you say ... It's Giligins.  I love this bar.
3	This is a dive bar.........but try it.....I think you'll like it.......it is cheap and the food is good.......the decor will certainly get you attention.......it you want a place to go and chill this is the perfect place......it is totally different then most bars in this area......it had a good crowd while we were there........
2	Stars are for the concept of the bar and crowd it draws. Cannot believe rudeness of some but not all staff. To begin, bouncer was unfriendly and statuesque.  Clearly we were an unwelcome addition and maybe because hes not working off tips. Small male bartender had attitude and I watched him ignore a couple who was patiently waiting to order. Another patron saw this and suggested we needed to be aggressive to get his attention. Really? Standing directly in front of him without a drink is not enough?? Maybe he didnt see us because of the contacts he was wearing for his costume..The three of us moved over to the larger male bartender who was very friendly and attentive..Next rude experience was waitress who I stood next to at the bar who handed me a few jello shots in exchange for cash. Next time I was up at the bar I asked for a few more and when she told me the amount I owed she added that the amount did not include tip..being a former server I am typically generous with tipping but all she did was hand me a few small plastic cups which was no effort on her part..despite the 2 staffers that do not get the concept that good customer service is their job and can equate to a better income it was a fun time and will go back.
1	I came in for the first time looking for maintenance as I was at the Giants game and was told midgets worker Vanessa the waitress was so rude to me I left after 60 seconds and will never return again.Do not go to this place it's a joke I'm so sad I wasted my Driving there.She was so rude to me I just asked her a simple question.Save your money and try someplace else there are several options in town
5	When I say this is the greatest bar in the United States, I am not exaggerating. The drinks are cheap. The food is off the charts. The happy hour is immaculate. There is never a dull moment here, and if there is, it's your own fault. A boat load of beers on tap and don't forget to get the chicken wings. Guarantee you won't be disappointed.
4	still one of the best bars in old town. plenty to look at and keep you busy, inside or out. kinda still dirty. lots of drinks. free halloween party. an old soul in the old town rotation.
1	Brett is the biggest asshole in the world. All 500 pounds of him needs to get away from Scottsdale and never do customer service ever, ever, ever again. He is the reason I refuse to come here and when my friends drag me here- I shockingly have a bad time. Hey Brett- you are a dick. Please leave the service industry so I can enjoy (most) of the regular staff around you and so when they split tips- part of my great tip isn't going into your piece of shit pocket. Seriously. Please. Quit your job and never ever come back. You suck. No one should ever give u money for your "service." Ever. Ever. Ever.
1	Worst experience ever! Bartender was super rude! Never coming here again. No customer service at all. And no managers to speak to. Had the worst time!!! The bartenders have no sense of priority and they treat you like crap. I've never cried from a night out except for when I went here.
5	Hands down best bar in Scottsdale! Good food and lots of liquor to choose from. Always serving till 2am!
5	Cool little dive bar in Old Town Scottsdale.  The bartender, "Boston" was a excellant host and shared lots of great stories about Boston.  Looking forward to going back during Arizona Bike Week and "Boston" promised to stock lots of Shiner Bock for visiting Texans!  Put this place on your bucket list for Arizona Bike Week!  Miller Genuine Draft on tap;  when was the last time you found that!
