4	Monty's is a Madison favorite.  Breakfast all day.  Fantastic comfort food.  Friendly service.  Veggie options.  While nothing spectacular, it's consistently pretty damn tasty.  Of note: popular breakfast (expect to wait) and the Meatloaf of the Gods.
4	Great old school diner with some tasty comfort food.
3	Honestly, I can't see what the fuss is all about with Monty's.  It's certainly a staple of the Madison community, and the food is decent, but I find it overpriced, and the waits too long for the quality of the food.  Classic diner feel gives it a slight bump, but really, I think it's an average place, with average food.
4	This diner offers an unexpectedly large number of vegetarian options, including a fantastic "Sheldon" sandwich--their veggie analog to the Rueben.  Fresh hot fries would have nudged this rating to five stars.
3	Yeah, it's nice there are a lot of veggie options, but I feel like they are spreading themselves too thin.  No one I went with was really impressed with their food, and the weird thing was that the waitress brought out half the table's food, making a few people wait.  Anyone who's been a waitress knows not to do that.  I do appreciate tempeh, seitan and tofu on menus, but it would be nice if they did it well.
2	Having heard only good things, I had pretty high expectations for Monty's but I felt let down by the service and really let down by the food. The meals ordered, chicken in a pie and salmon cakes were both luke-warm and tasted like they had lived under a warming lamp for quite some time. This place it not worth the reputation.
4	great vegetarian fare. my meat-eating friends tell me the meat options are okay, nothing to write home about. but, as a recent transplant from the south, and as a vegetarian, i cannot get enough of their meatless loaf of the gods. and the seitan vegetarian BBQ is fantastic. love it.so, if you want a good meaty burger or fish or something else that once had a face, you should probably eat somewhere else. if you're a vegetarian, though, this place should make you happy.
4	There are definitely hits and misses at Monty's. As a pesco vegetarian, I appreciate a restaurant where I have more than 3-5 options The hits would include the vegetarian meatloaf dinner, carrot curry soup, the salmon ceasar salad, almost all of their baked goods, and almost all of their breakfast items. The misses include the vegetarian reuben (called the Sheldon), it's just too dry.  Ditto on the vegetarian BLT.  The waits at weekend brunch and lunch time are long.  At times, I have experienced legendary slow service so dine with only people you can stand being around for 2 hours or more.  Despite the negative, I enjoy it, and I  take people who are new to Madison here, and they love it too.
4	Old school -- I enjoyed the meatloaf and there are some really great options if you are dining with a vegetarian.
3	Grade; C-I don't understand why people make such a big deal out of this below-average place. Lemmings... Food Fight Inc. fools Madison yet again. Don't believe the hype.
3	Strengths: -easy parking-outdoor patio-vegetarian-friendly menu-attentive service and unending coffee refills-air conditioning-proximity to bike paths-lots of comfy boothsWeaknesses: -they could only *almost* find the gluten-free menu and weren't sure what was in some of the sauces-the women's bathroom was about 120 degrees and stuffy-desert options looked non-existent for the gluten-free crowd, though I didn't look very closelyIt was still a fun place to have brunch with a friend, even if I ended up drinking way too much coffee.  I had an omelette and it was fairly standard.  Apparently people say it's overpriced for Madison, though since I live in San Francisco, I'm not really one to say.  I would have happily given another point if only the staff could have found the gluten-free menu.
3	We went here for breakfast on a Sunday. It was very crowded, but we only had to wait 20-30 minutes. I'm not gonna lie, some of the staff seem incompetent, but they are nice in general. I am giving it 3 because:-Cool, old style, but generic diner interior-Reasonable prices-Food was decent-Crowd was good, chill-there were a good number of veg options, but not too many for us meat eaters (yum)
3	It is about the most vegetarian-friendly diner I've ever known. Some things on the menu are stellar -- like the tofu wrap and the yummy waffle fries -- and others are so-so. Is suppose that, as far as "diner" food goes, it's better than average, but you're not really paying "diner" prices... The staff always seems sort of out of it and not thrilled to interact with customers. We regularly wait long stretches to get some attention from our server once we are sat. But the faked-up old diner feels groovy and you always leave painfully full.
3	My review would probably be higher, had I not just the other day had one of the worst meals of my life at Monty's Blue Plate diner. My meatloaf sandwich was so salty is almost inedible. At first I thought it was the gravy that had the excessive salt, then I figured it was the meatloaf. After plodding through this sodium-induced nightmare I realized that the whole damn thing was pure salt, like that one episode of the Original Series Star Trek, the one with the salt beast, that's made of pure sodium. This place has a varied menu with a good selection of vegan or vegetarian dishes. I would recommend the Palomino or Comet in MIlwaukee, both vegan and vegetarian friendly diners, over this place any day of the week.
3	Monty's is basically a shiny Denny's in the heart of Madison's Atwood neighborhood.  On the plus side, you won't leave the diner with an empty stomach. The portions are generous, potatoes seasoned just right and the servers keep your coffee fresh.  It's not worth waiting more than 30 minutes to sit, but smaller parties of 2 to 3 can get in relatively fast.  Decent menu selection and the pies look good by the counter...but saving room for pie is a challenge.
3	I have been going to Monty's for years and I have always had the same thing to say:  the service sucks.The food is okay, I mean, it's a diner.  There is a wide variety of vegetarian options which is nice.  I also have to mention that I won't be eating here again soon as they have very recently taken my 2 favorite items off the menu; the tuna steak sandwich, and the cajun chicken sandwich.  The cumin chipotle mayonnaise on the tuna sandwich was one of the only reasons I would even still go to Monty's.The service is always terrible.  you can count on a long wait for your waiter to take your order, for them to bring your drinks, and your food, and the longest wait of all is always for the check.  I have contemplated a dine and dash many times.  I counted the minutes one time, and it was 45 minutes from the time I finished eating to when the check came.  It wasn't because the waitress didn't see me from behind the counter either, she was talking to another server.  Once, I was eating with a friend, and we were waiting for 15 minutes to even have our waiter come to the table, so we just left.   Believe me, the service being slow is never because there isn't enough servers or too many diners.   The food is decent, but it's not great by any means. It is still pretty okay, although I've had some bad meals.  The meatless meatloaf is only saved by the cashew gravy, and the salmon cakes are awful.  The tuna sandwich was really good, but the size and bun has changed over the years, and recently been replaced by 3 kinds of pastrami sandwiches.   The grilled chicken salad is good, as is the feta dill burger.
5	I've never been even remotely let down by Monty's.  Is it busy a lot?  Yes.  Are you probably going to have to wait 30 minutes to sit down?  Yes.  Is the service slow because it's so busy?  Yes.  I've never been under the impression that the service is slow because they're incompetent, but just because they're busy.  Besides that, I've never noticed it being *especially* slow... just kind of slow, which doesn't really bother me.Let me take a moment here to recommend the Meatloaf Sandwich: Get it served cold.  Just trust me here.  Do not get it hot.  I've had it served both ways: Cold, it is a sandwich so delicious that fireworks go off in your head; Warm, it is an open-faced abomination with gravy and mashed potatoes poured all over it.Their cheeseburger was surprisingly good (I'd even go so far to say that it's one of the best burgers I've had in Madison).  They had a special entree one evening, "Cheeseburger Mac & Cheese," which was out of this world.  It really tasted like a cheeseburger over noodles!  They serve a great chef salad, have awesome spicy waffle fries, and I would die 100 times over for the buttermilk biscuits they serve with breakfast.  Their expansive dessert case is as tasty as it is impressive looking.I was beyond sold on this place one time when I ordered a piece of german chocolate cake for dessert.  It wasn't a piece so much as it was a towering slab.  It was so tall, in fact, that it wasn't until I'd eaten enough of it that I noticed that the waiter (who was wearing a mohawk and kilt) had written, "Das ist Deutsch" in chocolate on the plate.  I've had questionable service twice: Once was when I reserved a pie for a dinner I was going to and they did not have it when I got there, but tried to placate me by selling me a larger, more expensive pie.  That was after I approached the counter and saw several staff members stare at me for 20 minutes before I was finally helped.  The other time was when I was there for coffee and dessert with friends, and we paid with a card.  The waiter told us, upon picking up the card, "You know, if you can, you should really give me my tip in cash.  We don't see it on our paychecks for another 2 weeks otherwise."  Um...thanks for the advice on how we should tip you.  How about we don't tip you at all?But those two experiences aside, nothing has been able to lessen my love of Monty's and all its glory.
2	Monty's used to be one of my favorite places on the near-east side.   I've long loved their Meatloaf of the Gods, fat and calories be damned.  However, our last 5-6 experiences have been exercises in frustration, with such charming features as a $100 overcharge on my debit card for a $23 meal.  (yes, you read that right).  Yes, the server was new, yes they corrected it, but still.We ate there again last night- I'm a firm believer in the power of the 19th chance-, only to leave with a renewed resolve that there are many better options available.
4	What a cute little place.  Doesn't seem like the smoothest run location.  The food we were served was good and served as requested....they serve breakfast all day, which is really nice.  I thought the food was well priced and the service was efficient.
4	I had just moved from Colorado, back here, to the midwest. So of course, I ordered the meatloaf.I told the server that it was better than my mom's, and that's no hyperbole -- it's DAMN good!I will most certainly be coming back.
5	I've been in Madison for 10 days or so and I've made this observation: Madison residents are spoiled rotten! ROTTEN! There is nothing like Monty's back home in Boston. I dare all you haters visit its counterpart in Boston, the South Street Diner. Have a meal there and report back to me. I will have a hankie ready to wipe away your tears of disappointment. At Monty's today, I accidentally dumped sugar all over my french fries. Even though I'm clearly a stupid klutz, they gave me new fries anyway. My chocolate malt was perfect. Once I slurped it all up, I felt a little sad...and then I discovered there was ANOTHER malt waiting for me and I felt like a winner!And believe it or not, I'm a connoisseur of vegetarian reubens. I've tried them all over the country in CA, RI, MA, CT, NY and Monty's in the best I've ever had.
2	The food can be good here (not great but good) but the biggest problem for me is the AWFUL service.  Somebody teach these people some customer service.  I swear that the guy who waited on me the last time I was there was high.  The interminable waiting for refills on drinks and the check drove my blood pressure through the roof.I've determined that the secret to getting good service from anyone here is to be a hot looking college girl...  that seemed to keep the waiter's attention focused on the table next to mine...  Maybe she was one of the more positive posters here.
4	We dont live on that side of town any more but when we do go there on a Sunday, we like to stop there for lunch. And few times this summer even with gas price,we drove there for lunch.  You cant leave there without trying one of their pies or cakes. Usually,I wont have room after the regular food so I end up taking home the pie. Never been there without having to wait for 20 minute or so. But it's all worth the wait. I just wish they make the place just a little bigger or do soemthing about the noise level.  I'm a meat eatter but I tried their bean burger there and now that's all I eat there. Besides the dessert.
3	Breakfast places are generally my favorite types of places to dive into in new cities simply because breakfast is my favorite meal of the day.  I'd never been to Madison before and I must say it's a lovely city.  Of course we were there in late May when the temperature was a balmy 67 with nice breezes throughout.  Monty's was good, very good, in fact.  So good that we went there 2 days in a row.  We were traveling with some vegetarians and they were able to find tasty eats on the menu as well.  There was disappointment in their version of eggs benedict which had a mornay-type sauce that really tasted burnt.  Like burnt crap, actually.  Maybe I just don't like mornay sauce but ugh.  Coffee was good, we tried some of their desserts and enjoyed the diner atmosphere from our cozy booth.  Well done, Madison, well done.
3	I love the vegetarian Rueben and stuffed myself with the potato pie, but I haven't been thrilled with my breakfast experiences here.  I had the Scrambled Something or Other on the day that it happened to have asparagus in it.  I never did find any asparagus, but the eggs turned a horrendous shade of gray.  The potatoes were hardly cooked all the way through, but at least the biscuit was good.  I'm convinced the Mornay sauce is sausage gravy - I used to live in France and never had Mornay sauce like the stuff at Monty's!  Still - I give the place props for having so many vegetarian options.  It's fun to go out and have more to choose from than an iceberg lettuce salad or grilled cheese.
5	This is my absolute favorite restaurant and anytime I come home for a visit I have to stop by to have some Meatless Loaf of the God's or a Gobbler!Top it all off with a Cup of Mud or an off the hook slice of pie or cake and you have one amazing meal that can only be found in Mad-town.
4	Yummy, yummy, yummy!  Has always been one of my favorite diners in Mad-town.  Delicious veggie chili, spicy cornbread, malts and desserts, as well as the amazing array of other veggie options.  Just yesterday, I tried the new Spinoccoli Quiche with fruit, which was pretty darn good...coffee is always hot and refills frequent.  Still have yet to try the famous zucchini pancakes, but next time, I must.  I must also remember to save room for dessert!  Look forward to returning sooner than later to try some of the other new lunch options on the menu.  Only downer is the wait/lack of parking on a busy day.  Overall, two thumbs up from me, Monty.
3	I liked the 1950s-diner ambience of this joint. It was crowded and bustling when we went, though we didn't have to wait for a table, unlike people in larger groups. It seems to be a popular weekend brunch spot.The service was friendly and prompt and our waiter picked up that I was vegan (without me telling him) and helpfully told us that some things (such as the rolls) weren't dairy-free. He substituted toast and English muffins for us.I found my vegan tofu scramble with potato hash to be decent, but nothing spectacular. My friend thought the same of his "Sloppy Faux" sandwich which came with waffle fries. The prices are reasonable at around $7-10 a dish and the portion sizes are good. They do offer at least eight or nine vegan-friendly dishes from scrambles to burgers to meatloaf.Madison needs a place like this which offers vegan brunch foods so I appreciate Blue Plate is around. The vibe is good and they have parking. But the quality of the food could stand to improve a bit.
5	Fun place!  Very hip!
5	Dear Monty's,I miss you so, so much out here in Boston. We've had quite the long-term relationship: from late-night pie after high school dances, to my stint as a busgirl/counter in the ever-important Sunday brunch rush, your old blue tshirts with "World's Best Coffee" on the back, to dinner before a show at the Barrymore, to my going back each time I'm in town to run into familiar faces. For years, Tim and Roma and a large posse have made this tiny former gas station a stalwart in the Madison dining scene. Monty's, you and the Barrymore have rejuvenated Atwood Ave. You, and your vegetarian comfort food, zucchini-potato pancakes, scrambled something-or-other, andes mint cheesecake, chocolate malts (don't ask how much ice cream goes into those, btw. but it's all from the Chocolate Shoppe), muffins, pumpkin bars. I could go on and on. And how. For all of you lucky enough to reside around this place, please take advantage. There's nothing like it anywhere else.Sincerely,Angelina
5	Monty's is awesome.  Their vegetarian comfort food is great and there are lots of choices.  Get the spicy waffle fries with your sandwich; they are not actually spicy, but they're delicious.  I also love the milkshakes!
4	I live down the road from Monty's and it's being in walking distance helps give it a half a star. I also tend to go at off-peak times which I think has helped me have a better experience (mid mornings on the weekends can get very crowded and you'll have a wait). I've tried many things here and have never had anything bad. Some things though were just meh. I really enjoyed their french toast. It was big and fluffy on the inside and cooked just right on the outside. Their omelets and other egg dishes I've tried were pretty standard. The serving sizes are pretty big. I'm not a veg, but I appreciate that they had several options available for those who are. Overall I think it's a fun place to take friends who are visiting from out of town before heading down to the farmer's market early on a Saturday morning.
4	I came here for brunch on a saturday. I got the GLBT: Guacamole, lettuce, bacon and tomato. It was delicious! I love that this place serves Sprecher root beer. Seems like that's a standard for Madison, but I love it and I'm thrilled whenever I can order it. Yum! We also got one of their delicious pies to go, and it was killer. So even if you're full after breakfast or lunch, grab one of the desserts to go for later enjoyment. I thought service was good here; we got our food in a decent amount of time. Be warned, it can be hard to get to via car, since the street arrangement in that area is totally wacky. However, it's worth the hunt, since you get Monty's at the end. Now that the weather is nice, check out the botanical gardens afterwards, since it's close to this restaurant.
5	Another one of my weekend staples. Monty's is the best diner in Madison--mainly because of their great vegetarian selection (they have a whole vegetarian SECTION...a relieving site for hungry vegetarian eyes.) My carnivorous friend are big fans of Monty's as well, so it's not for vegetarians only. I like their overall ambiance and their waitstaff is good if not great. The deserts are a MUST. Their shakes are really something to drool over, and their pies and cakes are delicious as well. Oh, and scrumptious breakfasts!
4	Last time I was there we had a table for four people. We ordered: one Reuben, one Sheldon (Reuben's vegetarian cousin) as is, two vegan Sheldons. What can I say, my friends and I like kraut. But yeah. The Sheldon can be made vegan, and even without cheese (gasp) it's really delicious. Someone else mentioned that it was dry, but I order this almost every time and am never disappointed. The fries are awesome. Good (but expensive) Bloody Marys. They have vegan pie slices and can make VEGAN MILKSHAKES. :)
4	I am a vegetarian and this is the only place i can get good comfort food!Me and the bf started with the oreo shake.  We ordered one but they were nice enough to split it for us... and we didn't ask... bonus points there.I ordered the meatless meatloaf sandwich, which was served open face with mashed potatoes and cashew gravy... It was weird looking but so so so delicious.  Made of carrots and cheese and other goodness the whole plate was fabulous!BF got the TNT BLT... he was not a fan but I loved that too... just a basic veg blt, with the spicy waffle fries.  I do not like their ranch dressing though...it's like the generic brand.For dessert we got some of the carrot cake and raspberry cheesecake to go... I will from now on always get dessert, it was the best part!!!Next time I am trying the FAt Elvis Cake!!!**update.***Tried the Fat Elvis Cake... AMAZING!  Banana bread-cake layered with peanut butter frosting topped with chocolate frosting... Will definately get this again!
5	Can't do animals, can't do dairy, yet am a food warrior. Indeed, Madison abounds with options for a gal like me, but Monty's marks my favorite eatery in the city. Intentionally old-school in its decor and prices, it's a throwback that appeals to anyone with a frontal cortex. My waitress brought me a gratis cup of the home-made veg soup as I was sitting at the end of the counter an she hadn't seen me for a few minutes (aaaaand the tip started to go up).  I had the meatless meatloaf thing also mentioned here, and good LORD the portion size was outta control. The roll was the size of a Yorkshire pudding and the mashed potatoes were actually made of potato, fancy that. The meatless loaf itself was solidly good (shredded root veg with a cheesy binder - wish I had known that prior to ordering, but should've asked) but a bit oily and the cashew gravy was goooood. So many great-looking options for veg-heads like myself, hallelujah a-MEN, and they even have a small wine list and beer. I couldn't get through the entire pile of food, despite being a hormonal food warrior that day, yet I craved a sweet and Monty's has soy ice cream. WTF, OTHER DINERS? I nearly wept at this one. I had the mint chip, 2 scoops, which again were more like two grapefruit spilling over the sides of the bowl. That, I could do. My total bill came to $8. EIGHT. I added a 50% tip and blew Monty's a kiss as I left; I shall RETURN! Waitress was a sweetie, the staff all seemed to be pretty happy, and the place was approaching fullness when I left. My fondness for Monty's justifies the caps.
4	This is a diner and should be treated as such- the service is hit-or-miss, the atmosphere isn't anything special, and everything on the menu is pretty good. A few tips for enjoying all this place has to offer: 1. Share a malt or shake with someone- they are delicious and HUGE, so way too much to eat with the well-portioned meals, but half of one is perfect and satisfying.2. Find something that you like on the menu and stick with it- there are a number of exceptional things on the menu (i.e. the Meatless Meatloaf), but everything else is average.I'd probably give this 3 stars, but the amount of vegetarian options is fantastic and deserves another star.
4	After seeing old friends at the last Latin Night at The Cardinal (http://www.yelp.com/biz/cardinal-bar-madison#hrid:KfYiEWXAc-SlP_qEiUO6Hw) we agreed to meet here for breakfast on Monday morning.Well, not all of us made it but good times were had while eating.  This is the closest to a 'real' diner that Madison has that I've been to but they have some truly kick ass pieces of fat French Toast.I had bacon & eggs, french toast w/ coffe & cream and my daughter had the Blue Plate Omelette w/ home fries and orange juice.Good place to come with a group of old friends or your kids (if they know how to act right in public...)
2	Monty's offers many vegetarian options. For example, they offer the Reuben sandwich for meat eaters and the Sheldon for vegetarians. I am consistently disappointed when I visit Monty's. On the last visit, I my fries were cold and my glass was dirty and cracked. A companion ordered a plain cheeseburger and it was loaded with onions. The carrot cake was obviously old--the cake was dried and the frosting was crusty. Another companion got the German chocolate cake which was also dry. It's a cool place, but needs better food.
4	My impression of Monty's is very conflicting. On one hand, I want to say Monty's is an awesome place with great food. On the other hand I want to say Monty's is overrated. Let me explain. I love Monty's because of the options. If you are a vegetarian or vegan you aren't confined to the world of salads. There are many delicious and satisfying options. If you don't restrict your diet in any way, there are many great meaty and chalorically rich options for you too. Watching carbs? Get a sandwich in a wrap. Looking for a healthy lean meat option? Choose one of the several good chicken dishes. I personally steer towards the lean meat or veggie dishes and have never been disappointed. It's really hard to find a restaurant that caters to my needs as well as my boyfriend's nonrestrictive diet needs. This place does it well and at a pretty decent price. Though, I don't personally think Monty's is overrated, I feel that the point needs to be made. Whatever you order will be fresh and pretty tasty. However, say you order The Meatloaf of the Gods, it may not be what you expect if you are the type of person that is looking for traditional 'the-way-mom-made-it' meatloaf slathered with ketchup. If you are looking for an extensive breakfast menu consisting of traditional American breakfast combos (i.e. - a dish that contains ALL of the following: pancakes, eggs, hash browns, 3 kinds of meat and toast), Denny's or Perkin's may be a better option for you. They put their own spin on the more traditional dishes and have created an awesome list of in-house specialties. Whether you eat meat or not you MUST try The Meatless Meatloaf of the Gods. It's amazing. Like your beef? Definitely try the Blueplate Burger! Don't like beef so much but still want a burger? Try the Blueplate Burger with a locally made walnut burger. No matter who you are, Monty's is worth a try.
4	Monty's is a great diner-esque restaurant. I couldn't even imagine counting all the times I've been here in all my years in Madison. Hungover, bright eyed and bushy tailed, ready for bed, and otherwise. Want breakfast? Go to Monty's. Lunch? Monty's. Dinner? You guessed it, Monty's. The food is consistently good. The cook will often come out to the tables and joke with the customers which is pretty refreshing. If you're looking for weekend breakfast, there may be a line, but at least you can sip coffee while you wait. Good coffee, at that!Monty's will always hold a special place in my heart. Oh! And lots of vegetarian options, also.
2	Maybe I got the wrong thing, but I'm thinking these Madison institutions thrive on folks who would rave about a can of Spaghettios if it was served as an original dish and was priced at $8.95... because that was my experience with a turkey club. I can't tell you what it tasted like, because all I could taste was the french roll it came on. Why you ask? Because it had once slice (yes folks - ONE slice of turkey), two slices of bacon, some tomato, and lettuce. I really paid nearely 9 bucks for a sandwich with one slice of turkey? Are east siders so beholden to their institutions that they are afraid to be critical of poor value, and sub par food? Service was service... nothing memorable, but then again I'm not expecting expert service at a place that serves soda in a plastic cup. Sorry if I sound bitter, but I'm really starting to get irritated w/ all this Madison dining nonsense. I have yet to be really thrilled by what I eat. Oh, and who toasts a hot dog bun? Cooking school 101 will tell you the bun will fall apart.
4	The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because there is ALWAYS a wait, but what can you do. The food is delicious. Once you get a table, enjoy!
4	Monty's Blue Plate Diner is one of those funny contradictions-in-terms that is a restaurant which is both good but overrated.  Overall, though, it is far and away my favorite Food Fight place and a fairly reliable spot to get a good meal.Monty's food is better than hit-or-miss but not quite consistently good.  Most of the things I've eaten there, especially the breakfast foods, have been delicious (and huge), but I've had a couple of very sub-par meals (one was so bad I literally could not eat more than a couple of bites).  The things that I ate and disliked are now off the menu, so that does say something for their ability to identify what's working and what isn't.  What I can say is that the egg-based breakfast-y menu items are almost universally good.  The "scrambled something-or-other" never fails to disappoint, nor does the newer Blue Plate Omelet (the one with cheddar, avocado and bacon... good lord!).  And the breakfast burrito is especially good, even without chorizo (which is how I usually order it).  As for the breakfast side items, the potatoes are just okay; the biscuits are great.  Most importantly of all, the coffee is superb (even my mother thinks so and she drinks a hell of a lot more coffee than I do).  Unfortunately, I tend to shy away from the lunch and dinner items so I can't really speak to their quality.  The pies, though, are heaven.  And it's certainly worth noting that the menu pays special attention to including veg*n options.The atmosphere is pretty awesome.  Outdoor seating is spacious and comfy.  Indoors, the blue-topped tables are fun for making patterns with the wet bottom of your water glass.  Get a booth if you can; the tables are a bit cramped.  The waitstaff are generally friendly and attentive.The upshot is that if you think you'll enjoy eating at a diner that's 70% greasy spoon and 30% hipster hot spot, and if you like breakfast foods and are a "good orderer" (you choose from menus wisely), Monty's is an excellent choice.
5	Corned beef hash, please marry me. You come with eggs, fruit, and a delicious biscuit. You are potatoey and oniony and wonderful. Coconut cream pie, you make my booty more bootylicious. Mmm.
5	Awesome breakfast!!! Had the "something or other scramble" and it was amazing, kinda like an omelette that is scrambled but with more cheese!  Breakfast also comes with a super fluffy, light biscuit and some sliced, browned potatoes. Delicious, absolutely delicious. Plus the waiter took pity on us being so hungover and gave me some aspirin, so he automatically ranks high in my book.The cupcakes are a must have as well. I tried the Fat Elvis and was amazed; banana cake stuffed full of peanut butter and frosted with plenty of chocolate! Now i see why everyone loves the bakery here.
4	I like this place because they have so many vegetarian options. I loved the vege BLT with strips of tempeh yummy :) I love the atmosphere of the place as well. I do think their prices are kind of high, but the food hits the spot!
4	Monty's goes back a very long time in Madison and is a great place to get a home-cooked style meal.  I used to go with my parents as a kid, and now as an adult I've started to rediscover how much I loved their food.Nestled in the eclectic Atwood Ave neighborhood, Monty's presents a 50's style diner with yummy lunch specials like meatloaf (very good meatloaf), sandwiches, and a wicked good brunch.  They also have ridiculously delicious chocolate shakes, so don't be afraid to splurge while you're there.  One of the other great things about Monty's is the atmosphere; the area around it is filled with little mom and pop shops, the Barrymore theater, and relics of an older time.  Take a stroll around if it's a nice day and your bound to find something you like.  If not, I'm sure you probably enjoyed the food as all the dishes I've ever had were great and the portions were generous.There are a few drawbacks though that held me back from giving a 5 star review.  First, there is usually a very long wait.  The place is popular, but I don't feel that the food and eastside location (I live far westside) always justifies the overall experience.  Secondly, the service is hit or miss.  I've had some waitresses who were prompt and polite, making me feel right at home, and others who were sarcastically rude to the point where people in my party almost had to say something.  Furthermore, the kitchen doesn't always look clean, as trays of biscuits have been left sitting out and flies have been a buzzing.Setting all those things aside though (which I know may be hard for some), the blue plate is a Madison delight that should not be missed.  The food is so good you'll be stuffed in a recliner when you get home pining for more.
5	We went here over the summer and I still dream about the biscuit that comes with the breakfasts.The wait for brunch was long, but the free papers and indoor/outdoor waiting area made it entirely bearable. The menu, as others have mentioned, is very very vegetarian friendly. We tried the pesto + mushroom omelet, which was original and delicious, as was the spinach + feta omelet. We also tried a recommended milk shake, which was worth the splurge. This will be the first place we stop next time we are in Madison.Our server was friendly and everything we ordered was delicious.
4	My wife and I have been here twice and have loved it each time!  This is not only a nice place to go if you're craving something vegetarian.  They have great sandwiches and bowls that are enjoyable,  The pies are usually fantastic!  So many choices...I don't think you can go wrong.  For a place that looks like your classic greasy diner, it offers a more home-cooked feel with a veggie vibe.  Definitely worth checking out!
4	I love Monty's. The atmosphere is kitschy and cool, and they have something for everyone (even the vegetarians and picky eaters).The wait can be a little on the excessive side, so don't hold off until you're hungry. I never manage to save room for dessert, but I hear the pies are excellent.
4	They always have better than average waitstaff. They have plenty of vegetarian options for classic diner food that they do very well. Many other places try to awkwardly replace meat with tofu and end up failing. Monty's mostly knows when to use seitan, beans, walnut burgers, tofu and has a nice variety.They're often busy, so don't go if you can't wait. Some of the dishes are phenomenal and some are simply okay. I think it makes getting an average dish more disappointing when last time, you got something so wonderful, but c'est la vie. Remember what you like and see what others have enjoyed. (TNT BLT is amazing, the Sheldon is meh.)Also, remember to eat your dessert first, the portions are generous and you don't want to miss out on such an important part of the meal.
4	Monty's is one of my fave brunch-or-lunch places, especially on lazy weekends when I want breakfast food at 2pm but do not want big-chain food.  They have a wide array of something for everyone from vegan offerings to biscuits and gravy to slices of cake taller than your head, and it's all tasty.  It does get really crowded at peak times, and the service can be hit-or-miss to an extreme:  sometimes I've gotten a server who hangs around making hilarious jokes and sometimes I've been in parties that were actually forgotten about after we were seated and then have the orders wrong when we finally did get our food (although the bad service is definitely more rare than the good).  All-in-all the tasty food and the kitschy atmosphere make it worth the wait.
5	This is a great restaurant to go to in a charming neighborhood. Gramma in town? Take her, she loves home cooking! Post Critical Mass carbo load? Wheel on in! Conservative couple on the third date and need to fuel up before doing it for the first time? Jackpot! As a bonus: With it's proximity to the storied Barrymore Theater, it is not uncommon to dine amongst musical geniusii. Diner-esque feel and fare with lots of visual distractions (you may need them for the inevitable wait) You will more than likely hear screams of ecstasy after someone has the pie. Comfort food for the masses (Yes, you too my veggie sucking pals!) Hmmmmmmm. Do you like the idea good-looking salt of the Earth houseboys? Well, whomever does the hiring at Monte's does too. I have not seen one unattractive employee yet. Besides being beautiful, they are efficient in their positions. The waitstaff is friendly and quick, cooks have yet to fail my taste buds, and the bakers make some of the yummiest cakes in the state. For maximum food coma-ry, I'd recommend the (fake)meatloaf w/cashew gravy, mashed potatoes, a mimosa chased with a piece of Fat Elvis cake. Remember you are in Wisconsin and you don't have to have any regard for caloric intakes any longer, and eat til you either pass out or essplode,no judgment. In fact the fake meatloaf/cashew gravy is so fabulous, that I have sent a mole into the kitchens of Monte's to snag the recipe. Yes, I am that powerful/desperate.
5	Love this place. Gets crowded around the normal brunch time, so go early or go late. Otherwise, it's probably going to be at least a 30 minute wait.Huge portions. Love their omelets. Lots of vegetarian options (if that's your thing - not mine). Haven't tried their desserts, but they always look tasty.Service: Good. I've always had very nice servers. And I'm willing to cut them slack since they're always really busy. Plus they're pretty quick with the coffee refills.Environment: Old school diner feel - with booths and stools! Doesn't feel cramped even when it gets crowded.Side notes: I LOVE diners. Also, if you eat the biscuit, you're a fatty.
4	Lunch on a Saturday afternoon, with 2 small kids? No problem. Monty's provided chalk outside for use while you waited (15 min was quoted, actual wait time was...well...who pays attention to the clock when you're busy chalking?). Kids menus and cups were also provided, and the waiter didn't bat an eye at the mess the kids made. The menu is varied - breakfast, entrees, sammiches - but steps outside of the 'normal' fare to throw a few curveballs. My spinach/feta burger tasted fresh and not mass-produced. Only downside is that the place is loud - but then, that turns into a positive when you're with a hungry 11month old. :)
5	Hash was a smash for me. Also Tim the owner sang us a Dylan song. Great biscuits, also liked the potatoes. It is a must try if you are in Mad-town.
5	Great local diner, that features lost of creative dishes-like zucchini pancakes.  Awesome bakery and great, home cooking.  While i'm prone to go with breakfast items, the lunch offerings have also always been good.  I don't think you can really go wrong here.  Decor screams old-time diner, maybe even at the expense of feeling a little bit forced.  All the same, this place should be a regular stop for anybody in madison.
4	We had a wonderful breakfast here but the most wonderful thing was that the manager sang for us... We loved it--- the place brought back all the warm fuzzy feelings that we get for Madison and Wisconsin and we were here with our son and girlfriend and had a great time...
5	Fantastic vegetarian and nonvegetarian food alike, great ice cream, adult beverage selection is to die for. Bloody mary's on a sunday morning? Yes please.
4	Great service and atmosphere.  The food is good - comfort food for the soul.
3	I was disappointed with my experience, but I'm willing to give it another shot.The main problem was our waiter. We had very slow service. We were seated outside and had to go in to ask for our menus. I ordered coffee and half-and-half, but I didn't get a spoon or something to stir it with, which I thought was odd. I just kind of swished it around... It was weird.Our waiter failed to tell us the scrambler special and when we asked he told us it was artichoke, tomato and asiago. However, when it arrived the artichokes were not there. It was very disappointing. The breakfast potatoes were also a real let down. I love potatoes and they failed. However, the biscuit was delicious. We also ordered pie. Two of our party ordered the Fat Elvis - which does not come in a pie-form - so they were upset. Their other waiter must have made that mistake. I went for the key lime pie which was delicious. The Fat Elvis was replaced with a drumstick (?) which I guess was good, but I don't like peanut butter. Another thing is if you sit outside, they will give you plastic silverware. I didn't mind, but others in my party did. Also, they only take Visa and Mastercard. Overall, the food was good, but the service was not. Andrew K attempted to show off his humor ("Elvis has left the building"), but we found it rather obnoxious because we were sick of waiting. I'll give him some slack because there were a lot of people seated outside, but I feel he could have paid a bit more attention.
4	Really cool & interesting veggie options, cool atmosphere, nice area, what more could you ask for? They even have a giant selection of pies! Voted best veggie restaurant in madison, but half of the menu or more isnt veggie, so everyone will be happy. Check it out.
4	Won best greasy spoon in Madison, yet has vegan options and bean salad as an alternative to fries! Yes, a great retro diner, but with modern options. And a dessert case. Awesome!
4	Yum.Have been here a few times, and have never left disappointed. It's an easy choice on my "vegan" days when I still want something that feels sort of bad for you and diner-y (versus Green Owl, which is fantastic but sometimes feels TOO healthy). All the sandwhiches I've tried have been great, and the pie is SOOO good - especially any one with peanut butter in it. Service can be a little slow and invisible, at times, but the food makes it totally worth it. Looking forward to hitting it up again in the fall.
4	Stopped here on the way home from the Dells because you bastards said it was good and guess what!? I AGREE!Aside from the fact that it was freezing cold in there, I realllllllllly enjoyed the hell our of this place. First of all, the menu is composed of a bunch of awesome dishes; I wanted to order everything on the menu. It was as if they had scanned the portion of my brain that deals with Amanda eating habits and wrote a menu based on the data collected from the scan. Fettucini Alfredo and a turkey dinner!? Blue Plate, you shouldn't have! I'll order both!Actually, I got a turkey sandwich with avocado on it. I realllllly like avocado. I really like turkey sandwiches, too, and let me tell you Blue Plate did not disappoint. Everything was mad good from the salad to the fries to the sandwich.Cheap prices, good portions... If you're in the area I definitely suggest you hit this place up. Mail me the leftovers!
5	I've been to Monty's at least once for every meal. The omelettes are to die for, huge in quantity unique in ingredients- highly recommend the spinach and feta. The salads are the same thing, definitely large and delicious. Last night I went for dinner and got the meatless loaf, and now I want the recipe for the cashew gravy (if my memory serves me correctly, it was cashew...) to put on EVERYTHING. Amazing shakes and malts complete the perfect comfort/diner food experience.
5	Monty's is obviously a popular and beloved place, judging by the number of reviews, and rightly so. Hard to beat the combination of an old-school setting and really good food. The only knock against it is the crowds, especially for weekend breakfast. But do make an effort to have breakfast there sometime - the donut French toast is fantastic. They also have great pies and desserts, and they do all the diner standards really well.
4	Oh my why didn't I review this place, like, a year ago?  What's not to like about Monty's.  The only bad thing (which is really a great thing) is all menu choices, especially if you're a vegetarian.  It's sort of scaled-up-diner-food-meets-comfort-food, then add a fair share healthy options.  And great prices.  And great service.  Although it's not on Willy St. it still has the same friendly neighborhood atmosphere.  So I've been to Monty's twice, both times late morning, and was seated and served quickly.  The first visit a friend and I split the spinach and feta omelet which was great and large enough for both of us, and a third friend had the salmon hash.  After our meal Monty himself (well, not sure if it was the Real Monty, so lets say the chef) came out to ask us how our meal was.  The second visit I went with a lunch item and ordered chicken fried steak, also great and the portions were easily enough for two people.  Once again Monty came out and greeted his diners!  Ordered a piece of Fat Elvis cake to go, which is banana cake layered with peanut butter fudge icing and topped with chocolate icing. Yum!
5	Yum! Monty's was absolutely adorable. After eating dinner there I can say with certainty this will become one of my new regulars. Right when I walked in I knew it would be a place I would enjoy. The atmosphere was that of an older, trendy diner and had a quick moving, upbeat, friendly staff making the atmosphere even more enjoyable. My friend got the artichoke sandwich, delicious, and I got the chicken in a pie, right from grandma's kitchen. Afterwards we ordered a red velvet cupcake which was to die for, and all for under $15. We shared great conversation and didn't feel at all rushed, our waitress was great. She made recommendations and shared jokes with us, not seeming to put up a front at all. I will be going back sooner rather than later.
5	In my opinion, almost all restaurants in the Madison area are bland. People may hate me for thinking it, but I don't care. There's no spice, little flavor, and it's gotten to the point where I just don't really go out, because I'm sick of wasting my money on mediocre food.It got to the point where I thought my tastebuds were dying.Enter Monty's Blue Plate. I had the meatless loaf sammich, and it was awesome, though it tasted nothing like meatloaf. The waffle fries? delicious. The dipping sauce? Don't even think of stealing a dip. I will bite you.There was so much I wanted. I will be back, perhaps tomorrow. I will find excuses to wander to the east side, then say "While I'm here, I might as well hit Monty's".All-in-all, Monty's is making my life better. Thank you Monty's.
4	Okay, I straight up ordered the "heathen vegans shoplifter's delight" because of the name.  I'm not proud of my devil may care attitude when it comes to ordering food, but reckless abandon at Monty's has proven fruitful.Delightful meal.  Everything about it matched the hippy dippy quarky way of MadCity life.  Service was a shade slow and it wasn't crowded by any means, but I had good company.  Who cares.
2	Friendly staff and nice selection of vegetarian options.  Food is just okay, not great.  Makes me wonder why everyone likes Food Fight so much.
2	Eh. This place is "fine". I'm not terribly impressed with it. I could probably get better breakfast somewhere else. Plus its ALWAYS so so so busy in there. I like that they have a ton of vegetarian options. Which is rare for breakfast places. But meh. Its not amazing food.
5	One of madison's best restaurants. Casual, come as you are atmosphere.  Best meatloaf and other comfort foods on the planet.
2	Pros:Vegetarian Meatloaf of the Gods (with a yummy peanut gravy)Lots of cakes/piesCons:Slow and often rude serviceAwful bloody maries (suuper salty) Overcooked poached eggsIs it just me or is it always cold in there?
5	Great place, I visited there this weekend and the service was blazing fast. I had the goat cheese chicken sandwich and it was excellent!
4	If your vegetarian or not you will LOVE this place...  I think they put crack in their food its so good! I like everything here, but I take it to go.. I hate being the creep lone diner - no Table for One ... There is on weird waiter I must admit but the food is so good .... I like their hash and their tofu scramble ...
5	I worship Monty's. Yummy food. Service is usually great (but there are the occasional slip-ups).  Small dining room; booth seats and bar seating (try to grab a bar stool so you don't have to wait in line).  Wait can range from 15-30 minutes, I've never waited longer but probably would.  Breakfast is my favorite, although lunch is great too.  I usually get the regular, eggs, potatoes, bacon/sausage and biscuit.  I switch my biscuit out for toast (I just don't like biscuits, sorry!).  My mom, the vegan, usually orders her regular tofu scrambler...not bad!  But the potatoes are why I'm there.  They give you plenty and it usually looks like I haven't even touched my meal after I'm done. Try the Meatloaf sandwich for lunch. Yum!  There waffle fries are also delicious. They have a display of pies in the front, though I've never tried them.  The delicious breakfast, nice staff, and cozy environment sold me.
3	Service was great and I like the atmosphere but I wouldn't say it's anything special (except for the the shakes and meatloaf - fit for the gods for sure!).
3	Awesome dougnuts!Great place to take the grandparents--there is something that everyone will like.Great coffee.  Nice new 'local meats' section of the menu.
5	I have returned again and again for Monty's eggs mornay. When I first ordered it I thought I was getting a typical eggs benedict for breakfast but then something so much better came out. Eggs mornay is eggs benedict made with a mornay sauce instead of hollondaise sauce. The mornay sauce is creamier and peppery! It is so good. I once met a man who ordered a different breakfast but asked for a side of the mornay sauce to dip his potatoes in...that's my kind of breakfast!I've had their burgers and meatloaf as well, both are equally good but I keep coming back for the eggs mornay! I've also had their red velvet cupcakes which are pretty great too!
5	When I was in Madison as a student I loved to go to the Blue Plate with friends because they always had options for the meat eaters and the vegetarians. As a former vegetarian, I think I first came here when I was a vegetarian. It was a long time ago. The diner theme is part of the aesthetic here, and my favorite dishes are the meat loaf, and the breakfast scrambles. My friend and I got two big breakfasts and the service was good on what looked like a crazy-busy Sunday brunch-rush. The coffee dude was keeping our cups full and warm as our server was moving past us bringing out amazing plates of super fresh food, yet always checking with us to see how we were doing. Busy, high quality standards, and lots of great cakes and pies if you have any room. I used to get the pie/cake to go, but not this time. It is just wonderful to see a place that was good over 10 years ago, still keeping its standards high and keeping people like me wishing they still lived in Madison! Great place. Great food. Great people.
4	Really love it here, I would come here a lot more often if it were easier to get a table during meal times.The space is totally retro, very comfortable and has the chill feel of Madison. There isn't really seating for groups larger than about six people, and even then it can be a squeeze.I've always considered their meals to be very consistent, which is key. My favorite thing is their GBLT and waffle fries. The sandwich has some awesome chipotle sauce that gives it a special kick and the guac is always fresh tasting.Another highlight: alcoholic milkshakes, hell yeah! I like the range of the menu, there are many vegetarian and vegan options, and breakfast is served allllll day!The staff is always very friendly, service can be a little slow, but it generally isn't an issue because the place is pretty small.
4	Excellent food.  The biscuits are amazing, the fruit fresh and ripe, and I had the best piece of French silk pie I've ever had at this place.  I've only ordered breakfast, but they do have an expansive menu that includes a nice selection of foods (including vegan).  The atmosphere is probably what stops me from going there more---it's just not my cup of tea.  The lighting is harsh and the seats can be kinda uncomfortable.  Last time I went, I was freezing!But don't let that stop you.  There's an amazing bakery display case in the front that is worth a stop alone.
4	Monty's Blue Plate has consistently satisfied me year in and year out. They are a corner stone as far as diners go in Madison. If you are looking for something hearty and kind of old fashioned, I suggest the meat loaf of the gods, perfectly done and very filling. If you are a veg head or perhaps vegan, the heathen vegan's shoplifter delight is a must. Monty's I love you!!
5	Monty's is a place you can go where the veg selections don't feel like an afterthought.  Order "The Sheldon"...  Trust me.  Also, amazing waitstaff and very good coffee
4	Monty's, Monty's......I love you Monty's. I love your grilled chicken salad. I love all your sandwiches. I love the coffee and fountain drinks. I get frustrated when the wait is long....and I'm sorry..the pies are beautiful and the fillings are delicious, but the pie crusts are NOT flaky. You can't have a pie without a flaky crust. It aint fitting! I wish you would open up a Monty's in Fitchburg! I love you Monty's!
3	After posting my 2-star review, I received a message from a manager at Monty's, asking if he could send me some vouchers and if I would be willing to give them another try. I happily did that, and got the vouchers soon after! I have since been back to Monty's twice, once for breakfast and another time for dinner. The service has been great both times; prompt and friendly. The food is pretty good, and is definitely a good value. The prices might not be super cheap, but you get a lot of food! I've gotten poached eggs twice since I wrote my more negative review of Monty's, and both times the eggs have been cooked perfectly.
4	This place has classic American diner written all over it.  I have yet to have even a subpar experience at this place."So, tell me abou the food" you ask.  I've been to Monty's for breakfast, and lunch and have had a consistently great meal every time.  The breakfast menu offers up your standards.  Heaping portions of eggs and bacon accompany a decent cup of coffee early in the morning.  Their sandwiches are delicious and massive.  The burgers offer a unique collection of flavorings and are made with beef sourced from Black Earth Farms... a big plus from any foodie in the city.  Definitely break the bank and opt in for the waffle fries... and by break the bank I mean scrounge your pockets for the extra quarter the cost.  They are YUMMMMMYThe only knock I have on this place is the overall vibe.  The staff always goes above and beyond what I would expect, but the whole 50s diner scene never really held a special place in my heart.  Even with saying that, I'll definitely be back many, many times.
5	If I could give this place 10 stars I would. I've been coming here since opened and it is consistently the best. Breakfast all day, more than just burgers and fries, deserts, beer selection....I can't rave enough.The meatloaf of the Gods is to die for and their Just Coffee roast (their own blend) is so amazingly good I have my mom buy it and send it up to me in Minneapolis. It's that good.Some of the people that work there have been there since I was a kid. Its a neighborhood place where you're bound to run into people you know and I make a point to go there at least twice while I'm home to visit.Yay Monty's!
3	I like Monty's food--breakfast, lunch, and dinner are all very good--but I just can't help thinking that it's overpriced when I go there.  It seems like it should be diner-priced . . . but almost $9 for a grilled cheese seems a bit steep to me.  Their desserts are to die for, though.
4	What a great place for brunch, not to mention filling!I've only been there once, but had to try it because I kept getting so many recommendations. I had the chicken salad sandwich, not to saucy or creamy, and fresh. It had chopped chicken and salad on a ciabatta roll. it had a great flavor. I also switched out the fries for the house potatoes, which were also very good!My boyfriend decided to go with breakfast and had the Huevos Rancheros, he loved it and said he would definitely get it again. He's a picky eater so if he says something like that I trust that the food is good. I also ordered one of their specialty milk shakes with coffee in it. What an amazing drink!!! I would definitely go back over and over again! And I'll wait with no problem because that usually means that the food is worth it...
3	On the return drive from the north, we wanted a fun, local diner with great food. Yelp recommended the BPD as all of the above.When you walk in you are immediately presented with a series of sinister pies. All shapes, sizes and flavors. Man I gotta save room for that. We went to our booth and were immediately surrounded by families and folks just having desserts: exactly what we were looking for.For dinner, we had a very delicious chicken pie (how comforting, yet nuked perhaps?) and a vegan burger that was amazing! I have honestly never had such a delicious vegan burger. After reviewing the menu I quickly realized there were many vegan options. Excellent!In all, our simple dinner came to $22 for both. We skipped the dessert simply because we ran out of room in our tums.
4	My girlfriend and I stopped here for dinner last night and we were both impressed with the quality and the price of the diner food. The beef is local, from Black Earth, and the coffee is their own blend. The cupcakes were awesome!! Our waitress was really friendly and prompt also.
5	The service is excellent, the atmosphere a time capsule of a 50s diner & the food is some of the best diner fair I've ever had. The Meatloaf is called the "Meatloaf of the Gods," and it truly is. I don't even like Meatloaf and I literally savored each bite of this culinary masterpiece. It is extremely filling because it is made with nutrient rich local meat, savory vegetables & topped with the best gravy I've ever tasted. Yum!  For $10, how can't it be "As good as it gets?"If you like pie, also make sure to get a slice. It is delicious!
5	It was our first time visiting Monty's Blue Plate Diner and we will be going back our next time in Madison!Fun atmosphere, great food, nice variety on the menu and not overwhelming, excellent service, AWESOME desserts, great prices...we only wish there was another one close to where we live :)
4	Yum & cool. Zucchini pancakes! Feeling like you want retro? Monty's is the place.  Madison has the best food, this place is should on your list to try.
1	Gross, disgusting, rip-off. This place makes me seriously doubt the Madisonian palate. I had a cheeseburger from here a few nights ago. I asked for medium - which to Monty's means completely raw in random spots. Aside from the random rawness, the burger tasted like it was over seasoned with pepper. The meat was of absolute shit quality, the bottom bun was soggy (probably from undercooked meat juices), and I did get it to go. Thanks for the ketchup and mustard packets - now that's classy. I have no reason to set foot in this place. Every experience I've had up to point makes me wonder why I bothered to return one more time. Maybe there's something wrong with my palate, but to be honest, I'm pretty certain that there's not. East side institution? What a joke!
5	I haven't been to Monty's in at least 15 years, so it was really nice to visit Madison and return to find it just as great as I remember.  Great atmosphere and excellent service.  Really excellent service. I had the Blackened Salmon Salad, which was great - I love that they have some healthy options.  My kids opted for pancakes, eggs and bacon - all good.  My husband, who usually comments on how expensive a meal outside McDonald's is, actually made a "hey reasonable price" sort of comment.  That's sayin' something for the value!
3	We stop here regularly and are generally pleased with the food.  Huge servings generally mean a two for one deal -- you get dinner and lunch the next day.  Vegetarian/vegan options as well as old fashioned meat choices like fried chicken and meatloaf.  All are quite tasty.  The only real disappointment is the desserts.  They LOOK great in the prominent display case, but they just don't have much going for them except fat and sugar.  It would be good for the fruit pies to taste a little like fruit and the chocolate desserts to have the richness and depth of chocolate.  Just lots of fat and sugar so that generally, all the desserts taste about the same.  The crumble-top pies are problematic both in terms of flavor and texture (and the fat/sugar problem).  That explains my 3-star review.  Long story short, come for dinner and stop for frozen custard on the way home.
3	I've been coming here since I was in middle school and it was the cool place to hang out on half-days. 6 orders of waffle fries, anyone?We went last night for an early dinner and squeezed 7 people into a booth. I got blueberry pancakes (LOVE breakfast all day) and they were okay.  My friend's french toast came with apple butter though, and slathered on top of the pancakes = much better pancakes.  Around the table there were also a few types of burgers, a meatloaf sandwich, a fruit plate, and a whole lot of milkshakes and sundaes. Big let down: they were out  of over half of the mix-ins for the milkshakes/sundaes. You can't have a dirt cup without gummy worms!Overall, I've always liked it here. Service can be hit or miss. Food is pretty good. Milkshakes are hurt-your-teeth sweet.
5	The meatloaf in every form is superb. There are three options, meatless, sandwich, and entree, and they are all 'of the gods.' Absolute favorite place.
2	Monty's is one of the many mind-boggling Food Fight restaurants that is a Madison favorite despite serving mediocre food. I've eaten one good dish here: the TNT BLT (tempeh and tomato). And the chocolate shake is good if you need to consume an extraordinary number of calories on any given day.The last time I went, I did so because a friend told me the restaurant is attempting to make a switch to more sustainability-conscious, organic food. I ordered chili that was pretty much inedible. On another night, my boyfriend ordered a soup that was, again, inedible. I can imagine that people like to come here because the restaurant resembles an old-school diner and has booths, which are fun for kids to sit in. But the food quality is generally average to poor. The brunch I've had is tasteless and limited, and you are not getting fresh eggs unless you order them over easy. The only reason I give Monty's two stars is because its pies are great. And once in a while, I can stomach a TNT BLT because someone I'm with persuades me to give Monty's one . . . more . . . try.
5	I recently visited Madison and went to Monty's.  Monty's is honestly such a great diner.  I especially love their chicken pot pie...very filling and so, so good.  The turkey soup is really yummy as well.  And the pies...absolutely amazing!!  I really like the feel of the restaurant.  It's a great a place to go to and meet up with friends for sure.  Great service as well!  (Leslie is an awesome server:-)Overall, a great diner all around.  Highly suggest (especially the desserts!)
5	There's nothing I can add to the reviews here other than to say this is truly a five star diner.  5 star exterior, 5 star interior, 5 star clean bathrooms5 star cheery cool and efficient people who work there5 star artichoke salad with a 5 star "side" bean salad that you could take home and have for lunch the next day: it's BIG!5 star shakes and burgers and other old school diner food in addition to all the 5 star new wave veggie & organic optionsNext time I'm in Madison I'd like to try it for breakfast.
5	good diner food with lot's of tasty vegetarian options and with pie or cheesecake for dessert...
4	This place has it all: a huge menu that's perfectly executed, loads of vegetarian/vegan options (yet plenty to keep the meat-eaters happy), local and organic options, and quick service... and all the while they keep the prices appropriately cheap for a diner. I've found everything there to be tasty, and the place is always clean. Their Heathen Vegan Shoplifter's Delight sandwich is possibly the best thing I've ever tasted. The only downside is that I'm always too full to try one of their great looking desserts!
1	Yucky greasy food.
2	It's a cute place.  The service was excellent. It was hard to choose from all the great-sounding items on the menu.  For the first ten minutes of my visit, I was really happy with it.  Then the food came.Ohmigod, it was GROSS!  I ordered fettuchini with goat cheese, expecting a pile of noodles, some alfredo-ish sauce and cheese over the top, and maybe if I was lucky a few pine nuts or tomato bits or herbs.  Nuh-uh.It was like somebody took a huge glob of cafeteria noodles, rolled them around in a cup of grated cheese, put a stick of butter on top and microwaved the whole mess on high for a minute.  The garlic bread was the kind of roll you'd use to make a sub sandwich dipped in some garlic butter.  My dog has deposited more appealing piles on the back lawn after gorging on leftovers.   Checking out the other tables, I doubt anything else would have been a better choice.This is what they call comfort food--what Mom would give you to cheer you up after your Little League team lost or something.  I suppose people like this stuff because of the emotional connotations, I don't know.  My actual mom knew how to cook.  She would have called this stuff "white food."  The servings are huge, except for the side salad which could have fit in a teacup.Many people love this diner.  If you're a mac-and-cheese type person, you may very well love it too.
4	Sweet potato hash is fantastic!  The tofu scramble has a bit of a spicy kick and is a great option for vegans.  In fact, their veg dishes are just plain good. Service is very friendly and their cheesecake is very creamy and delicious.
5	Super Vegan/Vegetarian friendly, and can will accommodate any and all tastes!The menu is pretty much impossible to choose from, since there are so many delicious items on it. I usually break down and get one of their awesome burgers. I only travel to Madison once every couple years to visit family, and I frequently think back to how yummy their Walnut veggie patties are.My Grammy always orders a chocolate malt and the waffle fries (which are top-notch). She's 93, and she knows what's up.This is the place to be.
4	One of my favorite brunch spots in Madison.  Good vegan and vegetarian options as well.  I'm a meat-eater and have had one or two of their all veggie dishes and been very impressed (I like the tofu scrambler)  Another favorite is whatever the scrambler of the day is.  Good reuben for lunch too.
5	I really loved this restaurant! Homestyle, diner food with a twist - including lots of options for vegetarians. The service was outstanding, as people beyond my primary server helped ensure that my drink was full and needs addressed.I had the Ultimate Mac, and it sure was ultimate! The best mac n' cheese I've ever had. The portion size was definitely enough for two to share. I tried not to think about the calories that I was consuming when I downed the entire bowl plus the two pieces of garlic bread that came with it.
3	Everything here was okay. The food was okay, the service was pretty good, and um... the atmosphere was okay?There's nothing particularly compelling here for me to write about. My food was enjoyable, but nothing to write home about. There seemed to be a lot of vegetarian options, but since I'm not vegetarian in the least, that didn't make much difference to me. Again, the service was pretty good and our server was friendly, but overall nothing too exciting.
5	A late night dessert run with my pregnant bestie led to a Monty's revelation:They now serve (organic, classy) Sassy Cow ice cream, have even nicer and more delectable cheesecakes and their brownie sundae puts the Ella's Sparkled Kazoo to shame. Post-brownie sundae, bestie's baby to-be kicked. I think it was the hot fudge.
4	Its a great place.  Both me and my wife thought it had a great summer feel in the 50s.  What's nice about it is that it has a Madison vegetarian twist.  If we would've been hungrier the pies looked amazing but our bellies had reached their capacity.Overall quality, its traditional american diner feel w/ a twist of Madison.  Great spot for a sit down lunch on a road trip.
5	I LOVE this place-I went to L'Etoile on Friday night and Monty's Blue Plate on Saturday afternoon-guess where I had the better meal?!?  Monty's won by a landslide-a giant bowl of veggie chili, a square of jalapeno corn bread as big as my head and a slice of chocolate rasberry pie a la mode.  It doesn't get much better than this folks!  I cannot wait to go back, I've actually had a dream about that pie!
5	Whenever I get the chance to stop over in this great city I always try to swing by Monte's. The service is friendly but don't expect to be looked into every 2 minutes. Which personally I prefer. This has a very local feel and the prices are just right.I had the Blue Plate special with egg whites. It was wonderful. Not greasy. The artichoke sandwhich is also off of the hook! Very good down home food all the way around and extremely reasonably priced. Especially coming from the West Coast.The other added bonus is Monte's is located in the Willy Street area...the more eclectic part of "downtown".
5	I have no idea what kind of Michelin 4-star restaurant some of these reviewers are used to, but their poor ratings of this Madison staple are not to be taken seriously. Coming from someone who's worked professionally in the food industry for the better part of the past decade, in bars, cafes, diners, organic kitchens, and hotels, this diner-style family eatery will always remain one of my absolute favorite places to go, for any meal of the day. This, more than any other restaurant in Madison, is what I missed when we moved away. Let's review:1. One of the most creative, delicious, varied, and comprehensive vegetarian and vegan menus I've ever seen, especially for a place that specializes in heartwarming diner-style dishes. I'm a dedicated omnivore, and my favorite things to order off the menu were the Heathen Vegan Shoplifter's Delight, and the Zucchini Potato Pancakes (both vegan).2. The person who complained about the terrible service...I have no idea what she was talking about. In the 4 years I lived in Madison, I ate there on an average of once a month, and my servers were always friendly, responsive, and as prompt as could be expected during varied levels of busy-ness. 3. The cook regularly comes out to chit-chat and joke with the customers. It's always a treat. :)4. They work hard to support local farmers, with dedicated local and organic specials featuring produce, meats and dairy from area growers. 5. Their homemade biscuits are to DIE for.6. Try the pies. And the cakes. Do it. If you can't eat another bite, take a slice home. I promise, you won't regret it!I've never had a disappointing meal there. I miss it like a long-lost lover.
4	One of our favorite Madison restaurants!  Great food (most of the time) and fast.  The non-booth side feels like a cafeteria, though, since the tables are so close together.  Great desserts too!
5	If I had a friend from overseas come to visit, and he asked me to show him what good American food was like, I know without a doubt this would be the place that I would display to him with great national pride. Actually, I take all my friends who come to visit Madison to Monty's. I once had a friend visiting who was on a very strict diet (gluten free + fasting for lent) with me and she had a good three pages of vegetarian and gluten-free menu to choose from.This shouldn't scare off those looking for a greasy spoon, however, because you're free to order something at the complete opposite of that spectrum. Bacon grilled cheese, donut french toast, chicken fried steak, alcoholic milkshakes...You name it, they probably have it. My one piece of advice is that you should probably look at the menu ahead of time because it is so expansive that you could spend as much as a half hour just trying to make up your mind.Be prepared to wait a long time if coming in during the weekend brunch rush. Do not be deterred, it is completely worth every second.For what it's worth this is probably my #1 favorite restaurant in Madison, if not my favorite restaurant ever.
4	We've eaten at Monty's a number of times and have always had good food there.   Service has also been good to excellent.   The veggie quesadilla is quite good.   Their prices are a little higher than we would like.Bathroom and restaurant is very clean. When we are in the mood for something vegetarian Monty's is a safe bet.I wouldn't really say I'm a fan but they do enough right to get 4 stars.
2	Been several times and always the same. Fun space, menu reads very well and you expect to get a great meal, but food is totally plain and unexciting. All hat, not cattle.  Don't waste the time or money, many better options around town.
4	I'm willing to shell out four stars.  I have not yet had anything bad on the menu.  The atmosphere is always pleasant.  Sometimes it does feel, however, that the wait staff pulls preference on the regulars.  If I lived in the area it would be a constant.I do love how everything served is local.  The milkshakes are so close to being the best in the area.  So close.  The pies on the other hand . . .  Word.If you have a choice to make for eats in that part of town,  just go.  Take it all in and be satisfied.  Also, plan on going back.
3	Not great but not bad. On the healthful side, I had a Mediterranean platter that was quite tasty. It had hummus, quinoa salad and pita with cucumber salad. I enjoyed the fact that while this is something of an old-fashioned diner, my choices were not restricted to burgers and shakes. Although they do have shakes. Good looking ones at that, made with Sassy Cow ice cream. I opted for blueberry pie and was very disappointed. The blueberries were of the frozen variety and sour. There was nothing to hold them together, so they fell out of the flavorless crust individually. I was glad I asked for it a la mode, because the ice cream was the only thing that saved it. I had been really excited by the variety of pies and cakes at the counter but either they are not homemade or they are made by people who don't like to bake. Either way, I would not order pie here again. But I would come back for breakfast all day or some of the other menu items. Fun ambiance, particularly for kids (I was with one who thoroughly enjoyed his Mickey Mouse pancakes!)...Oh, and they have booze.
3	A solid diner specializing in scratch-made breakfasts and sandwiches. The local who brought be here said that Monty's tries to use local meats, veggies, etc. and I applaud that (especially in Wisconsin where all the local stuff is typically top-notch). I tried the Wisconsin salmon breakfast hash that was tasty and I cleaned my plate, but the dish was just a tad dry and needed a little something extra to make it more than the minced and griddled sum of its parts. Breakfast potatoes were solid and didn't provoke the usual request for Cholula/Tabasco. I appreciated the fact that fresh fruit is offered as a side with most breakfasts. Definitely hit the spot. Our server was very attentive and was exceedingly patient with our sleep-deprived indecision before ordering.After glancing at the dessert case filled with ultra-decadent delights (cupcakes, cakes, etc.) I think I'd be up for returning on a future trip to Madison. A late-night sugar fix might be more in the cards than breakfast next time, though.
3	Food, decent.   Service, eh.We were on the way back from Chicago and decided to eat in Madison.  I found Monty's online so we checked it out.The neighborhood couldn't be cuter.  It was noonish on a Sunday, so it was busy.  We waited a short time for our table.  I liked how the person cleaning the table also put the silverware and water down.  It helps turn the tables over quicker and it satisfies those of us waiting.  But don't drink it all right away, you might not get more.I wanted the egg sandwich, but I also wanted lunch, so I decided on the Roast Chicken, bacon (none for me thanks) and goat cheese sandwich with bean salad.  Dining companion had the Turkey Club with bean salad.Food arrived pretty quick and my sandwich was excellent!  The bread was toasted perfectly and the chicken was not at all dry and the smear of goat cheese was great.  My dining companion liked his sandwich was well.   The bean salad could double as a chip dip, in fact I have a recipe just like it that I will now be serving as salad.What wasn't great was the service.  The food got dropped off and she never came back.  She was going to bring me more water, but we had with our glasses empty the WHOLE time we were eating.  We never saw her again.  We took out our credit card so if she did swing by she could take it and we could go.  If it weren't for the service we receive I would consider going back.
5	I had to write a 5-star review to offset some of the poor reviews.  This is probably the best restaraunt in Madison for vegetarians.  Food is delicious.  I woudn't even know which menu item to review; everything I've had is excellent. I'd like to see where some of these other reviewers recommend people eat.
5	I always try and get here at least once when I go to Madison.  The food is always good.  I love the tofu scramble.  A great mix of traditional diner food with some great healthy alts.
4	I've been here a couple times. The food is outstanding. 2nd best biscuits this side of the Mason Dixon Line. And a cheese curd in my Bloody Mary? Yes, please and thank you. Can't wait to go back!
5	My table ordered: and I sampled it all.- chicken pot pie with mashed potatoes(fantastic, but a bit heavy on the rosemary)- BLT with red fried potatoes(came with Guacamole. Nice surprise and flavor)- Chicken soup with side salad(good homemade taste & look)- Blueberry Pancakes with bacon(Fluffy, moist, loads of berries, crisp bacon)- French toast with sausage(great cinamon sugar, smaller portion, tasty sausage)
1	If you have poached eggs on your menu and do not know how to poach an egg do NOT offer it as an option. I got the breakfast item with spinach, mornay sauce ,and poached eggs, only to receive hard boiled eggs. It completely ruined the dish and my want to ever come back. Not to mention that the food is always mediocre. Not happy and not coming back.
4	How have I never written a review for Monty's? Very often full of hipsters as well as old ladies having pie and coffee, Monty's is a Madison staple. A long-time fan of their french toast, I recently discovered their zucchini and potato pancakes. While I expected them to be small and dense like latkes, they were really more the size and shape of buttermilk pancakes. So much food! But really good.While I personally loathe meatloaf as a rule, my sister stands by their meatloaf and meatloaf sandwich as being the best around. Always popular with the veggie/vegan crowd for the multitude of imitation food offerings, I stick with the bacon.
4	Disregard the sniffy reviews by food snobs; Monty's is great at being what it is, a nouveau diner with an eclectic menu, welcoming to old and young, hipster and square, LGBT and straight,etc. Great breakfast items (French toast,omelettes, scramblers, pancakes) available around the clock, lots of comfort food veg and non-veg dishes ("meatloaf of the gods" enchiladas, chili, etc.). Everything is freshly prepared with good ingredients. Not to mention the delicious pies and cakes..coffee is meh but that's par for diners. Prices are reasonable, two can be stuffed for $30. Friendly service by the mostly college student/artsy young person staff. If you're looking for a good solid (but not fancy-shmancy) meal on the E. Side of Madison, can't do better than Monty's.
4	Great diner--breakfast, pie, milkshakes?! Always a good experience. I recommend getting the breakfast burrito it is delicious.
4	This was 1 of my final 2 breakfasts in the great state of WI as I am leaving for Seattle on Wednesday this week. My mother and I came here on her request to go someplace new before I left town. I had not been here myself so I took her up on the offer. Our food was great! Good service, great coffee, fast food prep from order to plates on the table as well. Had a decent flow of people coming in the whole morning as well which must say something about the place. I highly suggest the sweet potato hash for breakfast and do try a biscuit or 2 as well, great with some honey and coffee! Great prices as well.
4	Here's a lil story about SWEET potato corned beef hash. Monty's will make it for you if you ask nicely. The end.Alright that was the short version for those with an inability to read more than a few lines... here's the lengthier more tasty version! After having some lunchie and being pleasantly surprised by their afternoon eats, I decided it was time to give MBPD a try for brekkie. Holy options batman. This isn't your typical eggs, griddle, sausage type of place. They have some really inspired creations, and it was hard for me to pick between two. The corned beef hash (served with typical white potatoes and the sweet potato hash... more interesting taters but no meat) Hold up, wait a minute, how do you get both? You ask nicely. Really nicely. And low and behold moments later I had a plate of blended potato perfection and some chipped meat. It was rad. Deliciously rad. And served with amazing fruit, not just crappy melon as is typical during morning meal time and the best I'M TALKING THE BEST biscuit I've ever eaten. And I'm a guy who's had a few biscuits in his day, so trust. Now don't going running over there saying, "Corey said, Corey said!" But if you happen to get a nice server and you happen to strike up some nice conversation nicely ask for hot tuber take on their standards. And be nice if they charge you a little more. They're combining two dishes to make you happy after all. Nice.
5	Stopped in this morning for breakfast and pie. They make great corned beef hash and home fries. The meat is hand cut from locally sourced beef, and all the ingredients are fresh and tasty. For pie my server Kim surprised me with strawberry rhubarb ala mode. Again fresh and delightful.  Monty's offers fantastic diner food and a wide range of fruit and cream pies. You can't go wrong here.
4	Monty's Blue Plate and the Holy Grail of Corned Beef Hash. If I were to write nothing else, I think the previous sentence sums up my new found appreciation for the place. "Your mother was a hamster, and your father smelled of elderberries" will never be uttered to an employee of Monty's. The service was great, my coffee cup stayed full the entire meal, and the food was 'da bomb.' I'm eyeballing the Chorizo for my next visit, which will be sooner rather than later.
5	Monty's has quickly become my "can you" place. What do I mean by that..."You know your chocolate malt pie... can you turn that into a shake?" YES"You know the fried onions that come on the open faced meatloaf sandwich... can you put those on a burger?" YES"You know the biscuit that comes with some breakfast items... can I swap my diner roll for a biscuit?" YESThe staff is extremely friendly, always up for great conversation and recently I've taken to sitting at the counter which is a blast... your meal comes with a free show!So when I say Monty's is my "can you" place, I mean it's a place that doesn't mind me being a brat. And if they ever say no? That'll be ok with me. I may go once a week instead of my typical 3-4 (seriously how does that happen?) but I'll still go!
5	I had attempted to go to Monty's Blue Plate Diner the last time I was in town, but it was so crowded that I was deterred and ended up at Ella's Deli for possibly the worst omelet of my life.  This time, I was determined to wait it out at Monty's for as long as it took - which ended up being only ten minutes at around 11:30 a.m. on a Sunday.  The wait was well worth every second.  My breakfast companion and I had the meatless meatloaf - a melange of carrots and other vegetables, covered in a cashew and sage gravy - and a caponata omelet, filled with a stew of perfectly-cooked, still-easily-recognizable vegetables and a pesto sauce made from basil grown out back.  Each bite of each dish was a delight.  I took home a slice of Reese's peanut butter cheesecake which I am hoping my son will find to be too rich for him because, uh huh!  That means I get to polish it off.  Can't wait to get back to Madison for another go-round at Monty's!
1	Always loved this place, but last time we tried it had a terrible experience.  Wanted to order fish and was told they no longer served it.  About 5 minutes later the same waitress brings out a huge fish plate for the lady next to us.  We are like " What the HECK" ????  Needless to say if we are not good enough to eat what anyone else gets, then we are taking our business else where.  The food that we got was not that great this time anyway.
3	The great thing about this diner is the diversity of the menu. There's tons of options to choose from so it's hard not to find something that you like.I'm guessing that it was just a fluke, but my biggest complaint was that the diner was cold! It was colder inside than it was outside. My wife and I (the people at the tables around us) had to wear our jackets the whole time. I had to scarf down my food, only couple minutes after arriving at the table it was already getting cold.I ordered the Wisconsin Salmon Hash and it was pretty good. I was expecting a nice fillet of fish with my hash, but the salmon was pretty skimpy. Small pieces scattered throughout. It came with some pineapple, melon and a biscuit. The fruit was fresh and complimented the hash well. The biscuit wasn't bad but would have been much better if it had been served warm.
4	I love diners.  I love Monty's.  I especially love the pie porn lingering on the other side of the glass so you can just gaze with wonder as you wait for your cibo.  I ordered the Italian grilled cheese which had an exorbitant amount of cheese.  Seriously could have served a whole Italian family, that's how much mozzarella was squished in there.  Tasty? Hell yes.  Alcohol is offered, wine and beer galore.  Woohoo!
4	One of my favorite breakfast places in Madison.  The salmon hash is a dream.  And Tim bakes the best biscuits in town!
5	NEVER had a bad meal at Blue Plate.  Great for any meal of the day.  Service always good whether you are at a table, at the counter, or outside on the patio.  Plenty of vegan and gluten free choices.
5	I have only good things to say about Monty's! If you like unpretentious food that is filled to the brim with flavor you will also like Monty's. We had the meatloaf and chicken in a pie at our table. I think I said "yumm" no less than 9 times...really it couldn't be helped! The turtle cheesecake I got to go was also pretty spectacular. I appreciated the service as well. Our server was friendly and available without being overbearing. It was the perfect dinner.
5	5 starts for being one of the few places I have ever been that has full on, decked out vegan breakfasts!  No wimpy smoothies or oatmeal here.  I'm talking tofu scramble and vegan hash.  I'm in love...
4	I can definitely see the appeal of Monty's. This delicious and clean diner serves up some tasty eats with a twist. It didn't take long for my buddy Corey D to share his love and thus I had to experience it for myself.If you're not carrying a child, you must sample their drink menu. Looks super fantastic. Please have one for me. But beyond the cornucopia of boozy beverages lie various menus that will satisfy just about every craving. Sweet, savory, both...take your pick. During my visit, I sample the hash...but due to Corey's insight, I kindly asked if they could make my plate half sweet potato hash and half corned beef hash. Yes they can, and yes they did. The hash was nicely crisped and the corned beef perfectly salty. Portions were sizable without being gigantic, and honestly, I kind of appreciate that. No one needs to start their day with 6 pounds of corned beef hash. Yikes.The sizes were just fine - I appreciate the substitution of fruit. Gotta add some healthy in your meal! My main gripe is for their biscuits. Mine was uber dry and crumbly. Bummer on the biscuit, but I'm sure I'll manage. Next time I make it up to Madison, I'd happily swing back into Monty's for another scrumptious breakfast.
5	Maybe I'm jumping the gun with a 5 star review... oh well, life's short.  I tried this place for the first time the other week when my grandparents were visiting me in Madison.  It was just wonderful!The decor is adorable, the servers were friendly and prompt, and the food was fabulous.  I went with the Heathen Vegan Sandwich, which is piled high with mushrooms, tempeh, and avocado.  For my side, I chose the bean salad.  Both of these items were delicious.  The sandwich was HUGE.  I could not eat it like a regular sandwich, so I ate it in an open-faced sort of way with a fork.  A little messy, but totally worth it.  The mushrooms and tempeh were perfectly seasoned and tender and the avocado brought it all together with the toasted bread.I got a bit nervous because at the *very last second* my grandma changed her order to the exact same thing I got (she's not vegan) because she "trusts me".  I was pretty nervous, but she ended up loving it!  I was so pleased.  My one complaint might be that my bean salad had a bit too much dressing on it, but my grandma's did not share that problem and it wasn't difficult to just eat it with a fork instead of a spoon.My grandpa ordered some sort of breakfast platter and was very pleased.  He basically always orders the same thing at diners - two poached eggs, bacon, potatoes, and toast, so if he is impressed I feel that it is a good sign. He said the eggs were cooked perfectly.They seem extremely accommodating for allergies and preferences as well, which is always a huge plus.Overall, I was very happy with my first visit to Monty's.   Not only because I loved my vegan options, but because you made my grandparents very happy too and that rocks in my book.  I will definitely be back!
4	Part of the Madison based Food Fight Inc (16 restaurants currently?), Monty's was the first, or one of the first.  They are all different, yet are the same in one way.  They are good places to eat.Monty's is styled after a 50's diner - counter, chrome, lots of "traditional" diner foods, and a lot that you never got at a diner.  Service is fast, food is good, prices are reasonable (but not cheap) and wait staff is friendly.  Feels neighborhood friendly, although they bring in people from all over the area.  Plenty of good vegetarian options also.Food is interesting, with lots of things not found in your typical diner.   Coffee is from Just Coffee (that is a bonus feature people - if you like coffee, this is a great place) and many of the specials are made with organic foods.  Want a burger but don't eat meat?  Swap out the Walnut burger - which, as a meat eater, I can say is good.  Certainly better than their hamburger.  Speaking of which...What is up with that hamburger?  First off, it comes medium well done - no burger should ever be cooked to that.  Second, it is heavily, and funky seasoned.  As in, if I ordered it, it would go back.  A good burger needs salt and pepper.  They add a bunch of stuff.  However my niece who ordered it liked it, so we kept it.Deserts are very popular at Monty's, but that was our disappointment.  Cheesecake was rubbery and the carrot cake was dry - stale dry.  Really?  I am almost tempted to go to three stars just for that.Overall, I have to stick with four stars.  Great coffee, mostly really good, and interesting, food, fast, good service.  Without a doubt I will be back if in the area.  But I will skip desert.
4	good breakfast !! good service !! good place if your in Madison
5	Everything I have ever tried here is delicious! The cupcakes are to die for!
4	Food was delicious. A touch pricey for a "diner" but worth it one we were eating. Service was good too, even when my daughter went into meltdown mode because she didn't want to leave.
5	I've been in Madison for 16 years, and this is my favorite Madison restaurant, bar none.
5	One of my favorite places to eat.   Zucchini Pancakes are awesome!!!  We mostly eat breakfast here but I'm sure lunch and dinner are just as good.
4	Little cramped seating for four but the food makes up for any seating issue.
4	What an eclectic menu for a diner!  The ambiance is just what you would expect from a classic 60's diner.  I had a ruben and some fries and it was really good!  Most places use processed corned beef.  Theirs was real sliced beef...very tender and very flavorful.  Probably the best ruben I have ever had.  I had to try the pie too since they tease you with a great display right when you walk in.  The French silk was really rich and chocolaty.  Definately worth the stop if you are in the area or passing through.
4	Monday is hard for everyone. So if you ever come home from work disoriented (cuz it's Monday), Monty's there for you to take a good care of your Monday night meal. My bf and I had fantastic vegan 'breakfast for dinner' spread last night. The hash with tofu scambles + waffle fries. It was good, unexpectedly fabulous. The portion size is generous. I took home the left overs and lunching on it as I write this review. Bonus.Monty's fruits pies are all vegan (i didn't know this). Pies are so-so for my taste, but not bad.
4	Walnut Burger is the way to go.. Their bean salad as a side option is Delish. Not expensive, long waits on weekends in the mornings but worth it.
5	Visited with my family for first time. I have vegan diet and they don't, but we ALL enjoyed our meals. Will be back!
4	I love that this diner offers vegetarian/vegan options. Perfect for me and my omnivore hubby. Our waitress was great, too.
4	Yummy sweet potato hash, yummy eggs. Biscuits are decent! Boyfriend was happy with his meal as well (simple eggs, bacon, potatoes, etc.) Service was quick and friendly.
5	This place is overall fantastic. There is a hip diner atmosphere, the servers are always very attentive, and there are so many options for food!There are several vegetarian and vegan options, for both breakfast and lunch/dinner. If you are (or aren't!) a vegetarian, try the Vegetarian Hash or the Meatless Loaf of the Gods. Both are insanely tasty and huge!
4	Looking for a big, hearty breakfast? Then look no further because this place has got exactly what you're looking for (and for a pretty reasonable price). I went here with my friend after a night of *ahem* good old Madison weekend fun, and this was exactly what we needed. I got the eggs mornay, which has this sausage patty and poached eggs with this very nice sauce on top of an English muffin. And if that wasn't enough carbs for you, it comes with a generous helping of fried potatoes. Good stuff.Also a random note: despite its appearance as an old fashioned diner, I got a very hipster-y vibe from it once I got in.
2	I'm sad to say that after a really great first experience over one year ago, Friday night's dinner at Monty's was very disappointing and I probably won't come back any time soon.  The host at the counter was not friendly.  My sandwich came on bread that was literally hard as a rock and then my husband was done eating before I even started my dinner because I sent it back and waited for new bread. The bread the second time around was greasy and the sandwich itself was dripping in grease.  GROSS.  My husband ordered the fish fry and they forgot part of his order.  It was just a bad day for Monty's....I might be back for dessert someday.
4	My wife and i love this place for lunch or dinner. Not so awesome on the breakfast end unfortunately. But there's a great selection for vegans and vegitarians alike. Our favorite is the Heathan Vegan. One of the best sandwiches ever! And that it's served with waffle fries makes it only more appealing. The veggie meatloaf is also fantastic as is the gravy that's served on it. Service can be a bit iffy at times. But the one time it was so terrible for us we ended up complaining we got a $25 "we're sorry" coupon. Not bad. Over all though you can't go wrong at Monty's.
5	Great food, GREAT service. Highly recommend!
4	This place is always excellent.    I've never left unhappy.    Even amongst so many good offerings in Madison, this diner stands out.   Plan your arrival carefully though, as there is often a long wait for tables.
5	Great diner with a very creative menu.  You can certainly get your traditional eggs-and-bacon breakfast, or you can opt for a tofu scramble or zucchini potato pancakes.  What more could you ask for?  I have only eaten here for breakfast, but the desserts are tempting, too.
5	The Vegetarian Hash is a must have !
4	Hits: Tasty food, happy servers, bakery case, and custom blended coffee. Misses: Static menu...but there are specials and it is an iconic location so maybe things shouldn't change.   Hints: Have a cup of free coffee and enjoy some social time with friends while you wait for a table. Bottom-line: Eat, drink good coffee, and be merry.
4	Stopped here for dinner before going out. Our server was friendly and efficient. The 50's diner motif was cute. Tons of vegetarian and gluten free options if you're into that sort of thing. I had the roasted turkey club and it was tasty. Awesome dessert options too so save room!
5	Have to add my voice to the chorus of MBP lovers.  I somehow missed this place in the many times I've been to Madison until a few years ago.Great food, lots of vegetarian and vegan options.  They have breakfast all day and quite a few hot veggie sandwiches.   I finished my meal with banana cream pie, but they have vegan fruit pies and ice cream treats.
4	I had something to celebrate and hadn't been able to eat meat since watching a food documentary a few weeks prior, so Monty's seemed like the appropriate celebratory location.  I ordered their special: teriyaki tofu with peas, coconut, peppers and peanuts, served with a side of fresh pita.  The description was a little clunky--there were other ingredients in the dish description that I've since forgotten--and I got a kick out of listening to the waitress explain it to other patrons.  During a short wait, I sipped a heavenly hot chocolate.  My husband isn't a hot chocolate fan but agreed that it was really, really good.  FYI: they'll make it with soy milk if you ask.  After the food arrived it took me two seconds to realize that the tofu was the best I'd ever tasted.  Tender, flavorful, caramelized on the outside.  The sauce was a little saltier than I prefer, but still quite good.  The pita had good texture and a nice, buttery taste.  My husband enjoyed the traditional-type burger he ordered.  Our only disappointment is that we didn't save room for dessert.Other observations:-Going early helped avoid parking lot anxiety--they get Busy here.-Our red-haired waitress was friendly, intelligent, and overall awesome.  Noting that I had ordered soy milk hot chocolate, she advised that the teriyaki tofu meal is prepared with a small amount of dairy.-Staff brought water to a puppy who was sitting outside with his humans.
4	I recently visited Monty's and had the roasted vegetable salad which came with quinoa in a lemon vinegarette dressing. I loved all the different textures (chewy quinoa and crunchy sunflower seeds) but it was a little heavily dressed. On my way out I got a chocolate chip cookie, and it was kind I disappointing: dry and crumbly. Luckily there were lots of chocolate chips in it, so it didn't go to waste!Overall Monty's has food that is consistently good, fast service once seated (however I was there for lunch on a Tuesday), and reasonable prices.
1	So, it's not like this place was ever gonna make it outta my e-gutter, cuz there's nothing really redeeming about it. You know, sometimes a craving makes one act desperately... sometimes against one's better knowledge. Nevertheless, I make my way to Monty's one fine day, craving some sort of ice-cream based treat, similar to a beverage, but of a thicker consistency. Nothing special, just some plain old ice cream and say, caramel. It was $6.38?! Okay, so I go into a Vincent Vega state of mind, zoning out while the shake's bein' made thinking to myself "Did I just order a six-dollars n' 38 cent shake? Sure did. A shake? Milk, ice cream, caramel? Uh-huh. Six-dollars n' 38 cents? Yep. They don't put bourbon in it or anything? Nope. Just checking... smh... Whoa, WHAT?! When it came up, it was in a small, flimsy styro cup, with a sad lil' wafer sticking out the top. Wait... did they just charge me like that much for this??? Ugh! I was so pissed, I told em' keep it, n' got my money back. I can get Culver's or Michael's for like, way better... Even the Chocolate Shoppe, or like, buy your own pint and a gallon of milk, stir in some Smucker's flavoring and have change to spare... I don't even know why people like this place. Dude, seriously...
4	Abundant vegan options, even for breakfast!  Food is above average, service was great, prices really low.The sweet potato hash with tofu scramble was especially good.
5	Their banana pie and carrot cake are SUPER!!!!!!!and if you happen to buy the whole container, you are required to give a 5-dollar deposit which will be returned if you bring it back.Oh Monty, finally!This morning, though I am still a little bit ill, I came only for you :) (and for me:))Waiting for less than 10 minutes, we were seated by the window. A very nice spot. I decided quickly: I wanted to have a dish of scramble "something" (hahaha, I found this funny, I was wondering what "something" meant. I asked the server and she said it is for broccoli, pepper, some cheese (and God knows what else!-- too many to list! :D) and has no meat (yay!)Hubby ordered a dish of pesto omelet! Both came with homemade biscuit- I'm in love with this biscuit right away! We enjoyed our brunch soooooooooooo much. I told the waiter: The food is excellent! I wanna come back soon!The food is a five.The service is a five.Yes, full score for you, Monty. Sshhhhh, don't forget to also order their coffee and the donut.The coffee is really an eye opener and the donut is ridiculously huge but so GOOD.Monty has made my Saturday happy! and I really need that after one week of my illness :(Mahalo, Monty!
1	I don't understand why this place is popular.  The food was bad and the service was bad.  I ordered a burger medium well and got it medium rare.  After sending it back and getting another it was still medium/medium rare but I was too hungry to send it back again and lost all faith in their cooks.  I think they served it on the same plate with the same cold fries as before.  My friend ordered a breakfast dish and it was terrible.  The scrambled eggs were so overcooked they were hard and rubbery, the potatoes were very undercooked, and the biscuit was dry and literally had no flavor.  None.  The service seriously lacked as well.  No one was unfriendly, just incompetent.We thought the dessert would redeem them but after paying so much for a single slice of cheesecake we couldn't even finish it.  One slice was dried out and the other cheesecake had too much sour cream - it was actually mushy and very sour, almost spoiled tasting.Bottom line, I found this place to be mediocre at best, and that's being generous. There's tons of better restaurants in the area and in the city.  Never going back, and I think the food has made me ill.
5	Blue plate omelette was delish, with avocado, pan fried potatoes and homemade biscuits. We also had the almond milk French toast. To top it off, local coffee, ground fresh with each pot! Must stop again.
2	I have been going here since the 90s and it has been up and down.  Some ok food, some terrible.  Once found fatty masses in my meatloaf.  Recently it has been just ok.  Inexpensive, pretty fast but low quality compared to other places on Willy street and mediocre compared to the many good options in Madison.
5	I had a wonderful experience at Monty's. My server was incredibly kind, attentive, and friendly. He could not have had a more pleasant demeanor. The food was also quite good, and the prices are great. I ordered the breakfast burrito and enjoyed it very much. I would definitely go back to Monty's
5	Fabulous, just fabulous. Service is spectacular and food is beyond amazing. The wait was awhile, maybe half an hour or so but totally worth it. The breakfast burrito, salmon hash and potato and zucchini pancakes are delectable.
3	The food was ok! Prices were reasonable. I got the almond French toast. It was simple, came with a side of fruits. Coffee was really strong and just what I needed for the morning. My boy friend got the steak hash. It was alright for the price, nothing special! Would I come back for breakfast? Nope!
5	It's unique diner food in a renovated old gas station. They have lots of  vegetarian options and a fantastic bakery!
5	Meatloaf with red wine gravy and amazing mashed potatoes, followed by the best bumbleberry pie ever. Best place for comfort food. Did I mention the pie??
4	We stopped here on a road trip from Minneapolis to Chicago.  So glad we did. The meatloaf was the best ever.
4	Going to see a show or concert across the street at the Barrymore? Well, we all have to eat somewhere, why not Monty's? The first time I laid eyes on this joint, it was a few weeks ago after skipping dinner and going to Bo Burnham. I wondered if it was a bar or a restaurant, a week later, I found out that it's kind of both! It's a classic diner that happens to serve alcohol. I ordered and enjoyed the mushroom and swiss, but I came in on a mission. To order a burger. Their menu almost distracted me from my mission by offering breakfast all day. Oh, I shall return to conquer the idea of Breakfast for Dinner another time!Waffle fries! need I say more on this topic? Well, its Yelp, so yes. Just the right amount of crispy and not too many. I also managed a dessert on my first visit, that portion size of the Oat Fudge Bar was enough for me to have skipped the fries or the burger, it was huge! Sadly there were nuts mixed in (personal preference), but that didn't stop me.I didn't opt-in for a shake, but I should have. All I've learned about my visit is that I will have to make another trip before my next Barrymore concert!
3	Descriptive phrase: quaint, local diner.Monty's Blue Plate Diner is located in a quiet but neat part of East Madison, not far off Willy Street. It looks like an old gas station (could be), and there was a 25 minute wait for Saturday brunch when we came. There's space to sit outside, or shops nearby to wander to. Inside it's classic diner, through and through. We (4 of us) were seated at a small booth. It was cozy to say the least. Katie K. and I split a Chocolate Shake ($6) to start off. It's what you'd expect from the setting, served in a metal tin and absolutely delicious. I as good as chugged mine.I leaned toward lunch this time around and got the Roast Chicken, Bacon & Goat Cheese sandwich ($9). This dish was just missing a wow-factor (in addition to the Oxford-comma). I love goat cheese, and expected so much with it melted between two pieces of sourdough and chicken, bacon, and tomato. But none of the flavors that should've been present stood out. The salty bacon was lost in the grease of the bread. There may not have been any tomato. The chicken was bland.I loved the shake, and the sandwich was by no means bad, but there was no warm-feeling deliciousness I expected from a meal in such a diner. I'd return, but get something else.
5	This place is AMAZING!!I've had the falafel wrap, Monty's Blue Plate Burger with the walnut burger and tempeh bacon and both were fabulous!!!  I had to narrow my options down to my top 6 choices before ordering... I will go back many more times so I can try everything I want to order!!And oh my gosh the pies!!  Fat Elvis (banana cake, peanut butter frosting filling and chocolate frosting) and Drumstick (Peanut butter silk pie with a fudge layer in the bottom) were both delicious!  The staff is also very nice, helpful and passionate.
4	THEY HAVE PIES AND CAKES. But how can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat???Ahem, the "meat":Bacon and cheddar omelet with american fried potatoes.Scrambled egg whites with sweet potato hash of peppers, onions, and zucchini.Spinach, onion, mushroom, and feta omelet with fresh fruit.homemade BISCUITS :o Now you can eat your pudding.
5	The "ultimate mac & cheese" really is the ultimate. I don't know how to make mac & cheese with caramelized onions in it yet, but I will learn, dammit, because I have seen the LIGHT. The accompanying grilled garlic bread was alright, but a little chewy for my taste - I'm more of a Texas-toast-crusty-garlic-bread kinda girl.Also, be SURE you get something sweet. It might feel weird to order a donut or a shake with a savory lunch or dinner meal, but you can't leave without it. Just trust.
4	Tried this place based upon the Yelp reviews. My girlfriend & I had hamburgers. I also had a salad with the best 1000 island dressing I've ever had.  My girlfriend did not want onions and her burger came out with them. They quickly brought her a new one. We finished up with a huge Turtle sundae we shared. Caution: this sundae is not for only one person.Our service was satisfactory and we arrived before the dinner rush (430pm), so seating was easy. At 6pm, the place had a significant queue, but it was a Saturday night and the Barrymore had an event. Overall, the fare, the cost and the atmosphere make this a must try.
4	Breakfast is their best offering here. Burgers are also good, but I was disappointed in the lack of chicken on my sandwich. We had to wait for a table at 7:30pm. Shows their business is good but I was surprised at the late dinner rush. Other people waiting for a table stole it before the waitress got their tip. Not the restaurant's fault but disappointed in the guests.
5	Monty, thank you for saving my restaurant foody soul last night.After a disastrous meal at another restaurant, I was crabby, mad, moody and wanting to go home.  Luckily we drove by the shining light of the Monty's sign and pulled in to the parking lot.  Grabbed a seat at the counter and ordered a piece of pecan pie a la mode for myself and my husband.  Your hostess, waitress, bus staff were all polite, welcoming, and doing their jobs.  They refilled our coffee, checking on our food, did we need anything else?  THANK YOU!The pie was delicious, the ice cream melted slowly into the pecan crust and became a delicious consoling comfort food. My congratulation on being a place that I have visited for over 10 years and still makes the mark of having great staff, great food and ambiance.  That turquoise counter has never felt so good to lean my elbows on as last night.
4	Ok, this is bad news (for me and my waistline)... Second visit to Monte's was 1/27/14 for "dinner," although I was there for some breakfast vittles.+ Breakfast ALL FREAKING DAY, EVERY FREAKING DAY - hip hip hooray+ Excellent variety of breakfast grub+ Reasonable prices+ Servers have been friendly, efficient, and professional - just the right "warmth"+ Atmosphere is classic diner; very familiar feel to it+ Obviously shares a connection with Hubbard Ave Diner (both are FF restaurants)+ Sweet Potato Hash: perfectly seasoned, nice slight char on the veggies, eggs were ever-so-slightly overcooked but still good+ Breakfast Burrito: I'm a sucker for these things; chorizo is just a touch greasy; left a little film in the mouth, but that's chorizo for you... + Good coffee, with speedy refillsI've heard the shakes and burgers are good; I'm too in love with the breakfast fare to venture to that side of the menu, but who knows... I'll give into temptation at some point, I'm sure.
4	First, the decor and the building itself is super cool. It really gives you that diner feel. The pies and desserts right when you walk in are also a great touch - they look absolutely divine!We came on a Saturday at about 1:30. We had to wait for about 15 minutes, not too bad considering how small the space is. Service was okay. Our server was friendly but we had to ask about 5 times for silverware until we actually got some. They have a great selection of breakfast items, I honestly didn't pay much attention to anything else on the menu. They are really good about marking what is gluten-free which was super nice. I ordered the corned beef hash and it was very good. The hash had great flavor and the eggs were cooked perfectly. The biscuit looked delicious but I of course couldn't eat it (devastating). One of my biggest pet peeves though is when there is food on the plate that isn't meant to be eaten...and they put the fruit on a leaf of iceberg lettuce. Not a deal breaker obviously but something that has always annoyed me. My boyfriend ordered the country breakfast with bacon and scrambled eggs. He said it was really good, especially the potatoes. This place is officially on my radar as another great breakfast option!
3	ah Sunday brunch back in Madison. I was really excited to try this place but I think I got slightly disappointed. First of all, not enough parking! Probably a total of 16 stalls in the tiny one way parking lot.. so do plan on car pooling here. I circled around the street 2 times before finding a parking space on the side street about 3 blocks away. It might just be Sunday though.. who knows. I do think the building and decor is kinda cool.. felt like a good old diner with a retro kick. so here comes the food part.. I ordered corn beef hash.. food was lukewarm. I usually like my hot food hot.. not like somewhere between hot and cold. It was greasy too. not a fan. I did like the side fruits that came with it..def gave my greasy hash a little break. I think I would come try their dessert next time. The pie and bakery goods look more yummy.. until next time. Oh btw our waiter was really friendly and unobtrusive so if you are the type of person into good table service.
5	Best. Place. EVEEER. been going there for years and never had a single bad experience. everytime I go there i have higher expectations and they are always met. People here go out of their way to make sure that you like your food, waiters know evrything that goes on a sandwich down to the ingredients of the dressing. Best of all the prices are very reasonable and the atmosphere is so Willy-like. do yourself a favor and try the veggie sandwich, your life will never be the same again! I pretend not to like meatloaf but if someone I'm with orders it, I make sure they don't have any leftovers. that's how good this place is...
5	Love this place! My favorite? Bloody Mary of course! I'd say it's the best Bloody Mary in town. Food is always delicious. Staff is always friendly and helpful. In three years of going to Monty's Blue Plate Diner we never had a negative experience.
5	Nice atmosphere and fantastic food!  And I love their gluten free options.  They made things as we ordered them and the service was prompt and friendly.  This is a really nice "diner" with nice decor and a very friendly atmosphere.  The line was very long on Sunday morning but that's the sign of anything good because everyone wanted to eat there.  Nom nom, we'll be back! :)
2	This is just an average place. Its not bad. Parking is free, small lot but street parking around the area is possible.Went there for brunch. Hippy looking teenage waitress was patronizing, Couldn't serve me a side of bacon with my Bloody Mary before my entree for whatever reason. Biscuit was dry, really nothing special. Salmon hash was average and not very many salmon pieces, mostly potatoes and onion. It was tasty none the less. Quantity was less than average. Bacon was just like what they serve at my hospital cafeteria, nothing special. There was a 25 minute wait which is always expected at a good brunch place. Bloody Mary was average as well. When I think of brunch I expect a quantity and quality as I am combining both meals. Here Quantity was slightly less than average, and quality was average. Noise level- Noisy, They take cards including AMEXHave no idea why this place is so popular. Probably people haven't been to Original pancake house, much better service and far better food and cheaper too (they take only cash)
3	We tried this place out for the first time on a Saturday in March. From the reviews I had read on here, I knew there would be a short wait. I think we waited about 20-30 minutes (which was a little longer than i was expecting). Unfortunately there was no good place to wait either.  We constantly felt we were standing in someone's way. The wait did give us a chance to admire their beautiful looking pies, which we did not have room to try after we had lunch. When it was our turn, someone called our names over a microphone and then told us  where to go sit. We found our seats and waited for the waiter. There were 3 menus at the table so we were able to start looking through what they had to offer. The waiter came and took our drink order but never brought us a fourth menu. He also never introduced himself. After looking over the entire menu the only thing that really jumped out at me was their milk shakes and ice creams. Nothing else really jumped out at me and made me think "Oh wow that is really different and sounds really good?". I think it is a good basic breakfast place to those who are vegetarians or gluten free! But for the rest of us it isn't anything spectacular. I had an omelette which was fine, though the biscuit that came with it was tasty. My friend had asked the waiter for a refill on his water which never came and my coffee never got refilled until we had finished eating after all the dishes and utensils were taken away so i couldn't stir my cream or sugar. To sum things up:This place was just an average diner that didn't have a wow factor to anything.Would be a good place for those seeking vegetarian/gluten free options and are just wanting  "normal/ordinary" breakfast/lunch options.I would not venture back for a second time.
3	My old supervisor took me and my ex-fiance' here shortly after I started working for her. It was really good diner food, and was very easy on the pocket book. I haven't been back since, but I wouldn't hesitate to stop by if I was in the area and craved diner fare :)
2	Everything about this place was mediocre. The food was mediocre, the ambiance was mediocre and the service was mediocre.
5	Fantastic pie! And food. And the servers were awesome. Now there's needs to be one in Indiana. And Ohio. In general they should just be everywhere.
5	Breakfast heaven. Grab the French Toast and a side of hash browns.
4	Great brunch, good service. Dinner is fancier diner food that might be a little overpriced for what it is.
4	Food is consistently good. We often go for weekend brunch. I'm from NJ, which has a lot of 24 hour diners. This is one of the only places in Madison that offers breakfast all day, so it's great in my book. Don't come if you mind long lines or kids; do come if you like yeasted doughnuts!
5	Hate the wait, but love the place all the same.  Great, great food and convenient to Olbrich Gardens.
3	This place has awesome decor. Great parking. Awesome staff. Mediocre food.
4	I like Monty's! Great atmosphere, yummy desserts, and good burgers.
5	One of my favorite places in Madison. You can never go wrong with an artichoke sand which and some crisscuts (they are worth the extra money).
3	I like it here, but I don't love it. Nothing really stands out to me, although my friend swears by the meatloaf (I refuse to order meatloaf in a restaurant). I will continue to got back, but I won't go out of my way.
5	Monty's Blue Plate is a local gem.  Expect unique menu items that focus on tasty, healthy, and fresh.  They have things like burgers that you would expect at any diner but they do their own unique spin on standards.  My latest meal was a burger with carmelized onions, herbed goat cheese, and spinach..  Sooo good.  They are also sort of famous for their bean salad - even my two year old goes for that one.After your meal you have an array of some of the best cakes and pies.  Their carrot cake is the best I have ever had and sometimes we will go there just for that!
4	Great food and great atmosphere! Always fun!
3	Eh it was okay. Maybe I should have ordered breakfast as that looks like that's what they are known for. But I was there at lunch time and craved a burger so that's what I ordered. It was ok nothing special to brag about. I would probably go there again but for sure going to try the breakfast.
5	Shut your mouth!  Meatloaf of the Gods!  There are three types of meat rolled into this meatloaf.  It comes with a red wine gravy, mashed potatoes and veggies.  All of this for $10.  Yup, a complete, well-rounded, mouth watering meal for just $10.  The broccoli was blanched rather than steam.  So it was not mushy.  The service is incredible.  The people are friendly and the food comes up fast.  I have nothing but good things to say.  On a date?  With family?  Have a small child?  Check this place out.  They get desserts from a local bakery.  The carrot cake is ridiculous.  Are you full from your meal?  Take cake or pie to go.  Seriously, you will not regret a snack for later.
4	Had a great meal with some old friends who adore this place, and I can see why. Imagine a retro diner that serves breakfast all day ... and lots of sandwiches, burgers and other entreees ... and several vegetarian and vegan options ... and has a killer bakery ... and allows kids to play with sidewalk chalk outside. What's not to love? I really wanted to try the TNT BLT or the GBLT (clever), but they ran out of tempeh, so I chose the almond milk french toast, which was divine, and a biscuit. I really wanted a slice of pie, but was worried about drifting into a food coma on the drive back to Chicago. Next time ....
4	I love this place and go all the time. I am vegetarian and it is a great spot to eat with my meat eating friends. It has a good mix of veggie friendly food and meaty dishes.
4	Had the vegan banana walnut pancakes.  Delicious!Service was fast and polite.My partner had the morning bun.  VERY GOOD.They were out of the homemade donuts by 11:00AM :( - get there early to try those!I knock off one star because they were really good but not the best.
5	Absolutely amazing... 100% real food, and a menu that can fit almost any dietary need! My partner had the meatloaf (with luscious broccoli--- try saying that in the same sentence), superb homemade gravy, and real mashed potatoes with the skins on them... I had the Cobb salad, and if you are a foodie, you know that Cobb salad is a dangerous thing to put on a menu--- it is difficult to execute properly, and this was perfect. We will be back, again, and again, and again... wish we had found this years ago!
5	Loved going to this place. As a night shift worker, this was the best place for a good breakfast and good drink. Recommend highly!
5	1st off, Breakfast all day 24/7. Who doesn't love that!2nd, The pies selection is fantastic. I found out that they come from the Market Street bakery in Sun Prairie. Hats off to them!!!!! Burgers and dinner menu- Great home cooking! fresh well made food that gives mom's at home cooking a run for it's money! "If you are hungry for a great filling meal, just head to Monty's" is my new Motto. Love the huge parking lot! Easy in and out every time (if you can find a spot due to me being not the only other person loving this joint)Wish they had later hours. They are only open to 10pm, which I'm kind of confused with considering they are directly across from the Barrymore theater. But...I still have a solid 5 stars for this new love of my life.
3	So when that BBQ Joint was randomly closed on a Friday night- we would up here.I had not been here in a few years so forgot how vegetarian friendly this place is. If you are a vegetarian this place is great, but if you are meat eat- this place is also good.They do comfort food in good portions at reasonable prices. The food is not spectacular, its not taking you back to Grandma's kitchen. But if you go here often- I can see it turning to the neighborhood joint, when you feel like home. You can bring your friends or family, and have a decent meal. But given I live across the city-that's not going to be me. So i judge it just purely based on the food, and on this particular day- it was as Yelp puts its "A-Ok."I got the Bistro Burger with fries. It was cooked how I like it. My husband got the Roast Turkey Platter- it was really tender but a little bland for my taste. As Elizabeth said- the brocolli was good. The blanching makes a huge difference.The mashed potatoes decent. The service acceptable. I would go back but it would not be my first choice.
4	It is absolutely what you want it to be. It embodies the era of diners so well. The food was delicious. I have had the Grilled Cheese and the Mac and Cheese (I added bacon, yum!) both were wonderful. The milkshakes and malts are amazing as well. It can definitely get loud and sometimes there's a wait, but either way it is definitely worth it for this Madison gem.
4	I always have awesome food here. I am ready to start tryign out awesome coctails
4	great diner with good veggie and vegan options.overall very nice staff, friendly, promptgreat desserts!
5	Driving back from Wisconsin Dells to Illinois hungover and following a strict vegetarian diet, can be a little tricky. I hadn't been to Madison in a few years, so we decided to try a place in Madison (I also figured that they would be more likely  to have restaurants that cater to my needs). My boyfriend did some yelping, and shortly we were on our way to Monty's. There is a private lot which is always nice when you're in a busy city. We did not sit outside because it was a little chilly but the patio looked pleasant and relaxing with beautiful flowers. When you go inside the ambience is a funky little 50's diner with amazing looking pies. Even though the restaurant was crowded, we were able to get a table fairly quickly. As I opened up the menu, I almost died but before that I even thought of moving to Madison right away! There are so many vegetarian, vegan, gluten free options that it is the majority of the menu, which is so rare to find at a breakfast diner. We both ordered the sweet potato hash and it was to die for! Just what we needed that day! I wish there was another one in Illinois. My only suggestion is to serve the fruit on a separate plate instead of piling it all on one big plate, that makes the food messy and crowded.
3	I have a love/not love relationship with Monty's. I used to love them for b-fast when I ate omlets. Now that I'm vegan, it's kinda hard to love them. Many of the items can't be changed, so if you're not a fan of onions or even allergic to them, they can't come out of items because they are pre-made in batches. They are my last ditch place to go to if Lazy Jane's, The Green Owl or any other place is busy or closed.
5	One of my Madison favorites.  Always something new to try.  Good staff, offbeat atmosphere, great service and food.  However I will note that not everyone I bring here has enjoyed their food... I think I talked it up too much.
4	The biscuits and gravy on Saturday mornings is delicious.  By far the best thing on the menu, in my opinion.
4	I love this place! They have amazing cheesecakes, breakfast options and yummy sammies. My favorite thing to eat is the grilled chicken and goat cheese sandwich! The flavors are so fresh and work well. I also love to sneak raspberry cheesecake when I am done ;)
4	It's always fun to take people to Monty's. The parking lot is a good indicator of how busy the place will be. Be aware, though, that the booths have very little tummy room, especially for those of us who aren't so svelte. If you fall into that category, try to get a table on the left side of the restaurant. Your ego will thank me later. :-)
4	I could have sworn I wrote a review?anyhoo...went here on the suggestion of a few vegheads.  they used to have vegan milkshakes & ice cream... sadly, no more :(dinner was tasty, though-- heathen vegan shoplifter sandwich & cherry pie!!! nothing Earth-shattering, but solid. and probably one of your vegan best options in Madison.
4	Fabulous food and AWESOME atmosphere. Perfect place to take your kids or have a little date. ;) The only thing that is upsetting is that once you fall in love with something on the menu, it always gets taken off. I have had probably 3 or 4 dishes that I have loved over the years that are just no longer available.
4	Love the BLT
5	Can't get any better than the waffle fries at Monty's!
5	I have been in Madison for three weeks, and have been looking for a place like this. The food is amazing, and the prices are low. I had an amazing goat cheese ravioli with a creamy pesto sauce evening special. It was probably the best meal I've had in Madison. I am sorely disappointed that I'll be heading home for good on Thursday.
5	Awesome! Awesome! Awesome! The only problem is that they were overfilled and we had to sit outside. We ordered takeout and ate it outside. The guy at the front, kind of served us like we ordered inside. My wife LOVED the meatloaf and the grilled cheese for my children looked outstanding. I had the Cobb Salad and it was good. I would have liked more dressing, but no complaints. I love this place and will return for breakfast in a few weeks, which is better than awesome.
3	We stopped in on our way home to Chicago from Wisconsin Dells.   We had a 45 minute wait as it was a Sunday.  We were seated at 12 noon.   I ordered 1/2 corned beef hash and 1/2 Sweet Potato hash.  The corned beef was dried out in small cubes.  Tasteless.   The sweet potato hash was very tasty with just the right amount of spice.   Scrambled eggs were perfect.  Biscuit was fluffy and moist.  Service was good.    I understand the restaurant is very popular and we stopped after reading all of the positive reviews.  Next time, we will try another spot.
5	We love this place! The food is great. The biscuits which I love the most is the best! I love the coffee. I come here once a week with my in laws and two sons. This is our spot in Madison for comfort food. It's just family friendly and the prices are great. Who doesn't like a hot cup of coffee and comfort food :) Yummo to this place!
5	Well, yes, I know we are in the land of the huge serve....Monty's Blue Plate Diner  pancakes are stuff of legend but be warned - unless you are some sort of competitive eater you won't get close to finishing these. I would therefore recommend a serve between two, or asking simply for one (huge) pancake, not three (huge) pancakes. And you still won't eat again until the evening.....Personally I hate to waste food and this is why The Monty Blue Plate Diner  got four stars not five. They must waste a lot of food their customer's can't eat and can't box to go.Wash down with their great French Press coffee and you'll have a memorable brunch....
4	Monty's is one of those places where you start going to as a little kid, and continue going to well past your 70s. I could definitely see myself here years from now shaking my head disapprovingly at the rowdy young'un's over my newspaper (aka some form of electronic tablet at that point).Monty's serves up some classic breakfast items, including the standard buttermilk pancakes, bottomless coffee (sorry millenniums, no mimosas here) and various omelets.The servers here are extremely down to earth and friendly, and their chefs cook a mean meatloaf (highly recommended). What to get away from the glitz and glamour of most brunch places these days? Come by Monty's for some ultimate comfort food!
5	After this morning BK breakfast fiasco, I still wanted breakfast.  This place is like Campbell's soup good mmmm mmm mmmm. I had country breakfast plate eggs  and bacon cooked perfect. Don't judge but also had blueberry pancakes. My gf had the blue plate omelet( the yummy one with avacados). I can't say enough how great the food and service was. Love great diner's like this.
4	Craving a chocolate malt, I stopped in on a walk around 3 pm on a Friday afternoon. The place was largely empty, and spotless. I haven't been to Monty's in several years, after suffering from 'stomach issues' after dining here back then, I couldn't bring myself to chance it again.No issues this time, I'm happy to report. I ordered a triple chocolate malt to go. Chocolate (Sassy Cow!) ice cream, chocolate milk and chocolate syrup. Really good, and worth the $7 price tag. Definitely killed the craving, and put a happy spring in my step for the rest of my errand walk around the Atwood area.The service was fast and friendly, as there were more than enough employees waiting around for the afternoon and evening dinner rush to begin. Maybe next time I'll be brave enough to try the food again :-)
4	Excellent food! I had the chicken in a pie that was amazing! The crust was flaky and light. I also had a strawberry shake. It was all homemade food from local growers. I would highly recommend this place. The prices are a little high but the food and atmosphere was great.
4	My girlfriend and I came for breakfast and were seated promptly.  It took a while for the waitress to come over with waters, but it was busy and she had tables with food coming out.  Once she did come over, she was extremely nice and asked if we wanted anything to drink.  We got some coffees and ordered a donut to share.  They have 3 types (glazed, sprinkles and cinnamon-sugar) and we got the glazed donut.  It was delicious and well worth it.  For breakfast we ordered the corned beef hash which was pretty good, although I wish the potatoes were a little burnt.  My girlfriend got eggs morney, which she enjoyed.  When the waitress brought our check she also found a coupon for a free donut and coffee which we appreciated greatly.  Altogether, the food was good (and there were plenty of menu items that I wanted to try) and at a great price (nice food to dollar ratio in both quantity and quality).  The servers were friendly and thoughtful and we will be returning again.
3	An old stand-by for me. It's not extraordinary, but it's usually quite good and pretty filling. Usually get very good service, but not always. My favorites:Heathen Vegan (although it seems to depend on who makes it)Chicken in a Pie  (be sure you are able to take a nap afterward though)Blue Plate Special Omelet (biscuit quality varies)Homemade Granola (the best!)Not as good:Mac and Cheese, Reuben, Chicken/Bacon/Goat Cheese, Artichoke Sandwich, Sweet Potato Hash.I love both their regular and their waffle fries. Always seem to be perfectly cooked.Coffee is usually weak, but at least it's bottomless.Their blueberry pie was my favorite. I say "was" because they apparently took it off their menu. NOOOOOO!!!!!! I've been fed various lines by the waitstaff during different visits -- that it's seasonal, that they only have it certain days, etc. -- but alas, it appears they've removed it permanently. :(
4	The reviews on this place are legit, probably one of the best breakfast spots I've tried since using yelp. I was seated almost immediately and the service was very prompt and friendly. Yankee women love a southern accent....I had the tex mex omelette, sweet potato hash, bacon, and fruit. It was all spot on. You must try the sweet potato hash, it was great and something different.If I'm ever back in Madison for whatever reason, I will definitely swing by for breakfast.
4	Great diner with tons of vegetarian and vegan options.   They even have the Trempeleau walnut burger!! My husband got the Elvis shake, which was beautiful and he must have liked because he gobbled it up.
5	Consistent food and service.    Breakfast is the favorite in our family.   Oh,.  maybe its  the pies....
5	Went here last night after an exhausting day taking care of a newborn. Thankfully my baby slept through our entire dinner despite how loud the place is. The decor is simple but spacious and the service is really good and fast. We were seated immediately (on a Saturday night! ) and were served water by the waitress right away. She was friendly and always nearby her customers. My husband had the Mediterranean omelet  (can't remember what It's called). It had feta cheese,  mushrooms and spinach with potatoes on the side and a biscuit.  It was so good I wanted to steal his plate.  I got the meatless meatloaf.  It was very filling and the gravy was good but the  portion was way too big. By the time we were done we had no room for the amazing looking cheesecake. I guess we will have to come back to try dessert.  Oh and the couple next to us ordered an ice cream Sundae, it was ridiculously huge and looked awesome. Good for sharing!  I definitely recommend this once for simple diner food done well.
2	Their food is ok.  I would not call it special or extraordinary, but it is not bad.  The service is less than desirable.
4	They have a bit of everything...I never get super excited to go to Monty's but it is never disappointing.  Possibly except for the 30-45 minute wait.This last time, I went in seriously craving me some pie.  I ended up filling up on their mac and cheese.  No room for pie.  All of their pies at the time also just did not sound exactly to be what I wanted either.  I was craving a fruity cherry pie or something and it was just turning to fall so it was either chocolate or fall flavors.  Not their fault, but a curse of my pie needs.The food is good.  I am not a huge breakfast person so pancakes are not usually my thing but they do have a few options I do eat, like breakfast potatoes and sometimes I even venture out of my comfort zone for the eggs.  I honestly do not think I have tried the same thing twice because they have so many options.
2	Very busy and the for the floor show, I watched a small child dash back and forth from the dining area into the kitchen area and back again. Multiple times. I didn't like the floor show, so that was the last time I went there.
4	My favorite used to be the DONUT FRENCH TOAST...It's no longer on the menu but I'm pretty sure they'll make it if you ask. Otherwise, go for a whopping slice of drumstick pie!
2	I have only been here a few times. Service is pretty good but my big problem is the shakes. First time I got a shake it was really thick and almost worth the 6 bucks. I looked forward to having another some day. Last Friday I went there for another shake and it was really thin. Like chocolate milk! Maybe when teenagers are making milk shakes for minimum wage you get varied results. $6 is way too much for a watery shake. Get it together people.
5	My dad and I both had the Heathen Vegan Shoplifters Delight. Basically portobello mushrooms, tempeh, and avocado. Amazing. Great section of vegan and non vegan options. Loved it.
5	Big plates of food. Awesome staff. So, so many shake/malt options. This is the place I usually come after my flight has landed in Madison. The food isn't aiming to be some crazy, new, cutting edge concoction. It's homey and it's familiar. I've been to a lot of diners. Not every diner does it right, but this one does. If you want tasty food, and ample servings of it, at a good place then this is the place to go.
4	Even though I had takeout, I really loved the inside of Monty's- it reminded me of the diners back home in New Jersey. I loved that they had homemade pies & cakes lining the glass display cases. I have been here twice and tried to get a table, but the wait was too long both times. I had the Chilaquiles, a favorite of mine, and theirs was really yummy:Berkshire pork simmered in a tomatillo chili verde served over crispy corn tortillas with two eggs, pico de gallo, and feta cheeseIt was a huge portion, too, so I had it for two meals. Would definitely go back here, and would like to eat in next time!
3	Leave it to me, but I have only really enjoyed an alcoholic beverage here. The Hot Peppermint Patty cocktail tastes just like sex on christmas. The food, however, is kind of dull. Nothing stands out to me as particularly enticing. It's average, and there's nothing wrong with that, especially when you have picky eaters in tow, or are in the mood for something basic.
2	My partner and I came with two friends who were from out-of-town. I had heard really good things about Blue Plate, and I wanted to try it out, but I wish we had left when we saw there was a wait.We ended up waiting for a table for around 45 minutes. While waiting I had to use the restroom--disgusting. There was no soap in the dispenser, water all over the counter and floor, and paper towels crumpled everywhere. I realize this is largely because of the patrons, but you would expect somebody from the staff to pop in every once in a while to make sure everything is neat and in stock. When we finally got a table, service was rushed and impersonal. I was a little dismayed that a manager never came over to at least thank us for waiting for so long, but who knows if a manager was even there? It seemed totally chaotic and like nobody was in charge. Lunch was okay, but nothing special. I had an omelette that was pretty good, but the breakfast potatoes that it came with were soggy, and while some of the potatoes were heavily seasoned, others didn't have any seasoning on them whatsoever and tasted horribly bland. I also had to wait several minutes before I could even eat because the server who delivered the plates (not our server, who spent approximately two minutes at our table in total) brought everyone else's meals out first and left mine in the kitchen. Will not be back.
3	In going with a common theme I have found in these type of diner establishments, I ordered a Fat Elvis Shake with Bacon (of course! also contains peanut butter, bananas, and chocolate) along with a country breakfast, eggs over easy and some gravy for the biscuit.I wish I got a bit more adventurous with the main dish as it was a simple straight forward affair, just as described, and I'm not a big breakfast guy. But as I was going here for the first time, I wanted to go classic. The shake was good as well.I can see see why this place is popular, as it has solid home cooking and the classic cozy atmosphere.
4	Such a fun place to get an interesting plate of great food.  The neighborhood is awesome and you can see it in their customers.  Great selection of pies,  and will take suggestions on what to offer.  Love their raspberry cream pie! May seem hipster but this is the real deal.
5	The salmon hash for brekkie is probably the best way to start your day. Flaked and combined with crisp taters... it's a perfect balance of carbs and protein. Add to this the fresh fruit and warm biscuit... it's a perfect meal! And if you're solo, sit at the counter. Wait times are much slower than trying to snag a table and service behind the counter is stellar. Staff is attentive and always up for some morning convo!
5	This place was great! The food was stellar. There wasn't a part of the meal that was disappointing. Kudos!The meatloaf is so good, my meatloaf-hating boyfriend is getting it next time.
4	Going to Monty's can feel like coming home. The place is warm and welcoming, the booths tall and spacious, staff gracious, coffee poured and refilled to your heart's delight... They're not reinventing the wheel with most of the menu but the breakfast dishes hit the spot, especially if they come with a warm, buttery biscuit. The GLBT (guacamole, lettuce, bacon, tomato) sandwich is the BEST. (Caveat: you might need to drink a gallon of water afterwards.) But really, it's a tremendous place. And you can ogle the pies and cakes on your way in or out.
5	Everyone already knows how awesome Monty's Blue Plate Diner is, so I don't have to tell you that. Your carnivore and herbivore friends will love the menu. They source local ingredients, cook "real" food and even bring in local products such as YumButter and create extra, super-duper healthy menu items by partnering with Jon Hinds at Monkey Bar Gym.However, I write this review because I recently ate the most amazing curry dish there. I've been craving it ever since and cannot wait to return. I'm serious, it was a hot, steaming bowl of freshly steamed vegetables with rice and a fantastic curry sauce. I want to eat this every day! Our server even told me that she actually DOES eat this every day and has since they put it on their menu. It was a huge bowl, so I took half of it home with me so I could enjoy a second meal of leftovers. Now drop everything and order this curry!And order a piece of pie or enjoy an iced sugar cookie, too.
5	Awesome, Awesome, Awesome!I had stopped here before just for some desert awhile back, this time it was for some good food.  Stopped here right after work, and was extremely hungry. Our group of four sat down in a cozy corner booth. A few of us got some seasonal specialty drinks, I tasted each, all were fantastic. I ended up getting the Blue Plate Burger with Fries, so great! Blue Cheese, caramelized onions, lettuce,  and tomato..yum! I was so hungry I ate the whole thing...which is so abnormal for me to finish a whole plate of food..but it was too fantastic to put down. After the filling meal, we ended up getting some desert, a few of us got some ice cream, pie, or a shake...I ended up getting the Orange Cream Shake. It really was great. Not too over overpoweringly orangey, or sweet. It was a perfect balance of both. The atmosphere here is great, 50's diner feel, this time of year they had Christmas music playing. Staff all fantastic, our host was so sweet, and our waiter was extremely attentive, and personable.
4	Friday night in Wisconsin and we couldn't resist the fish fry. It didn't disappoint. Fast, flavorful, perfectly crisp and just the right amount of food. I love that they have a local beer selection on tap and in bottles. Service was attentive and friendly. While waiting, we had the opportunity to observe their operations and I was suprised. The man that appeared to be the manager or owner, was helping in any way that he could. I think we watched him take reservations, run water, bus tables, greet guests, seat guests, basically anything to help offer excellent customer service. The highlight was the PIE! Oh my! I had a slice of oreo deliciousness that rocked my world! Light and fluffy with an oreo cruble crust and a huge slice. I savored that one piece three times! Worth every calorie! I can't wait to go back and try others dishes! Oh and they also have an extensive vegan menu if that's your thing.
4	Adorable gas station turned restaurant.  Popular breakfast spot.  Huge desserts.  Smiley staff.  Boozy malts and shakes.  What more could you want?
3	I hate to admit this because I fear the stone throwing that will occur, but I'm just not a fan of Monty's food.  Madisonites love this diner and I certainly understand its charm.  Its interior is quaintly decorated with very much a 50s diner feel. There's a pie and cake display case up front.  They're always popular for brunch on the weekends.  Service is friendly and this is a great neighborhood spot. BUT, I've yet to have anything from Monty's that I like.  I've been there many many times, for brunch, for lunch, and for dinner, and each time, I've been disappointed in the food.  I really want to like this place, but I seem to be unable to find a dish on the menu that keeps me coming back.  My most recent visit was with a friend from out of town.  I ordered their pozole which was an item I hadn't seen before on their menu and it sounded intriguing.  But when it came out, I was disappointed.  I found the chunks of pork a bit tough, the dish heavy on the hominy and the dish itself lacking in flavor.  It felt one noted.  It wasn't bad; it just wasn't for me.  I was really hoping that this would be the dish I'd be excited to come back to Monty's for but I came away disappointed. I ate less than half of my dish but I decided that the rest wasn't worth a takeout box.  Unfortunately, this is how I often feel about Monty's food.
4	Still great. Thanks to Yelp and Monty's for the free check-in coffee. Service good despite the full house. Our server forgot a glass of milk, felt terrible amd immediately comped it. GREAT service.  We'll be back.
5	Loved this place, from the off-the-beaten path location to the old-school diner atmosphere to the awesome gluten free options to the friendly service and good prices. I had a reuben made gluten-free and was in heaven. SO delicious, with the equally awesome bean salad. Menu is huge - from sandwiches to comfort entrees like meatloaf (vegan too!) to salads and breakfast.
5	There was nothing bad about our recent trip to Montys,   Driving home from skiing decided to off the beaten path, tired of bad chain restaurants.   So glad we did.   Started off with Bloody Mary's while we waited for a table.  We had a group of 10 and it was a little cramped while waiting, but drink in hand-so who cares?!   I ordered the burger and fries,  excellent.   Melted cheddar in top.   Hubby ordered the meat loaf stack- he cleaned his plate.  Several of the others ordered Mac and cheese and milk shakes!   I had no idea they were so large,  you may want to consider sharing a milk shake, seriously enormous.   Friendly service,  excellent food!
