5	Located within the Venetian resort complex, this exhibition space offers Vegas visitors willing to pull themselves away from the tables and slots a rare opportunity to view some of the world's finest art from two of the world's most renowned collections - the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in New York City and the State Hermitage Museum in St. Petersburg, Russia. The unique and starkly modern setting was constructed with a lightly-textured industrial metal that resembles velvet, and its austerity is a sharp contrast to the opulent glitter that overwhelms the rest of the hotel. Nothing is displayed permanently; a new exhibit is mounted every four to six months. Docent or audio tours are available. The inevitable gift shop sells posters, books, art-inspired ties, scarves, T-shirts, and caps, educational toys, sculptures, mobiles, and decorative accesssories for the home and office.
5	Who would have thought, a serious world class museum in the lobby of a major Vegas casino?  Admission steep (about $20) but it comes with a very good (well-written, thoughtful, and entertaining as long as you're sober) free audio tour.  And they have docents!  Docents in Vegas?  Like all major travelling shows they typically have only several dozen items on display at a time, but that's better because each is striking or important in some way, well lit and presented, has a written description, and you have a chance to interact with each one.  To fit the hotel theme, the exhibits tend to focus on national treasures from ancient and historical times (e.g. Egypt, Russia).  Why, I ask, do two of the world's great museums need an outpost in a gambling resort?  Money and exposure, I suppose.  This one is usually at capacity (which they control, so it is not too bad).  There's a sweet Guggenheim museum tucked away in a mansion in a quiet neighborhood of the real Venice, so I wonder if that's how it got started.The gift store is one of the few places in all of indoor Vegas Strip with a window to let in natural light.  You don't need a ticket to get in, and it's quiet and meditative inside.  So if you've been here so long your skin is turning doughey, you can stand in the window for a little Vitamin D stimulation.
3	I heard that this place was so good, but the display was being rotated overtime. And unfortunately when I went there the exhibition wasn't impressed me. May be next time when I go to LV, I will check this place out again,
5	Yes, $20 is probably a little steep for some, but it was totally worth it to me to get away from the sensory overload of the casino floor and spend some time contemplating some art.Yes, it's only four rooms, but it took me 1.5 hours to walk through it all. Actually I had to bail a tad early to go meet my Friend, or I prolly would have spent another 15-20 there, and then an indeterminate amount of time in the gift shop. They're showing the photographs of Robert Mapplethorpe at the moment, and while he doesn't appeal to everybody, the pieces they are showing is a comparative study of Mapplethorpe's work with classical art. The audio guide included in the price of admission is a great perspective if you have no background on the artist (which I don't), and then a docent led tour opens another avenue of information, discussion and dialogue.Really, the most thorough museum tour I've ever done. I only wish I'd had time to stop in the museum store and peruse a little bit.
5	There is no culture in Las Vegas???? This is the conversation I sometimes have with people who apparently, live in their living rooms and don't leave. The GUGGENHEIM people. This is such a welcome dose of art in the valley, past exhibitions have included Robert Mapplethorpe, and "The Pursuit of Pleasure" which included some Rubens pieces!! Coming up is "Modern Masters" which includes pieces by, you guessed it, Picasso, Monet and Cezanne, everybody's fav's. This is one of the only non profit organization in the valley that have this art influence, support the arts!!!
5	This place isn't big and it would probably take you less than an hour  to walk through but I enjoyed this place. I've always appreciated good art and the modern masters exhibit is wonderful. It's a nice escape from the hustle and bustle and doesn't make my eyes hurt.
4	It's not often that you can find a gallery that exhibits art from some of the most renowned artists of all time.  I'd say most people's opinions will be based on what the exhibit is at the time, however the gallery itself is a nice change of pace from the stereotypical Vegas life.  The gallery itself is not very big in comparison to others out there ,but what do you expect?  It is after all in a hotel.  However, what other gallery around will give you the opportunity to see an original Picasso or Monet?  Despite it's size, the gallery does offer an audio tour headset that is optional that will guide you through the pieces on display and give the history behind them.  You will have to check in any camera or plastic bottles before entering (although if you have a slim camera you can get it in, just don't expect to grab any shots without a guard coming down on you).It is $20 to get in, which I think is pretty pricey for what you get.  If you're a big fan of art, it could be worth your $20 to see certain pieces.  The best bet that I'd suggest is see it if you're a guest of the hotel and have a weekend package that will include tickets to the museum.
5	Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!http://www.guggenheim.org/new-york/press-room/press-releases/1814closed.  drat.
