2	San Prado is like an American luxury car. They look great but they fall apart and are not reliable. That was my experience with Prado. The service was fine until something broke down and then they were slow to address things and worked on San Prado time. Appliances frequently broke down. The soap dish in the shower fell off. The A/C broke and they took their sweet time to fix it (over a week) and had no sense of urgency to address. Their maintenance man was incompetent and couldn't fix issues and would try to rationalize why certain things wouldn't work because he didn't know how to fix it "It can't get cooler than 75 degree if the temperature outside is 99" Hopefully things have improved since I lived there but if I had a choice, I would definitely look elsewhere.
1	Do not live here. If you are choosing between Prado and Lagos, do NOT choose Prado. The manager is extremely rude and unprofessional, it takes almost a week (sometimes more) for maintenance to come, and when they do come, it is not guaranteed they will actually fix the problem. I moved in and my toilet wasn't flushing properly, it took them three times of coming to my apartment and telling me "everything is fine" until they finally replaced the part that wasn't working.
5	I sent my husband to numerous Mark Taylor properties while was in Arizona on a job interview.. He narrowed it down to San Lagos and San Prado. He ultimately decided on San Prado because the office staff made him feel welcome and San Lagos(only a block away) was far too large of a community. I only ever saw the images on the computer and we all know sometimes what you see isn't what you get. We were living in North Carolina so everything was handled over the phone and  via e-mail. Kristin was beyond helpful throughout the process and was very welcoming when we arrived to get our keys. I didn't know that there was a college across the street and when we arrived I was wondering what we had gotten ourselves into. Though you would never know you were across from a college campus because there is no noise issues(besides the occasional slam of the door or car alarm).When we moved in there were a few things missing and within a day the maintenance guys came by and fixed those issues. A neighbors water heater broke and soaked our master bedroom floor and they came immediately and even had someone come out to clean the floor. Our water heater was acting up and within an hour of calling ON A WEEKEND they were over to check it out and get our hot water back. The grounds are well kept, the amenities are amazing. We chose San Prado because of their no dog policy, because of the office staff, the amenities and how small the property is compared to others. Like any other apartment complex if you follow the rules and keep to yourself you will love it!
4	Spent the week here with my brother, who rents one of their 3-bedroom luxury apartments.  No complains about the living arrangement.  They seem to be in line with expectations for what he is paying.  Also, the general amenities are decent - grills and an outdoor pool.  It is a shame they never seem to clean the pool, because it is set up rather nicely.  Overall, I'd certainly consider renting here if I ever decent to move out west.
