5	This is the best place to go for a message that really helps you. Truly therapeutic, if you have trouble with your back there is no better place to go. I feel so much healthier and stronger getting regular message from these guys. Thank you.
4	I really like this place.  I am extremely picky about massage and my philosphy on spa services is that I feel that small businesses give extra service because they depend on repeat regular customers  to stay in business. Resorts are good for the amenities and the experience but I don't think that facials and massages are that great at resorts in my experience because they don't count on you coming back on a regular basis.  The customer is usually there on vacation or work convention etc. At Tranquil Star,  I had purchased a "buy with me" deal and had the 90 minutes deep tissue massage.  I have gotten regular massages for the past ten years and I think the therapist here is probably one of the best I've tried in AZ.  I have a lot of low back pain, forearms and wrists hurt from too many hours on the computer at work.  He addressed all those issues I had and he made sure that I was happy with the pressure.  I think they are open everyday by appointment only and they have some great summer prices right now.  It's centrally located in old town Scottsdale and parking is plenty (or at least it was on a Sunday afternoon). Even without the "buy with me" deal, it's an excellent value because he has special pricing during the summer.  I've already booked my next appointment!  Seriously though, if it wasn't good I wouldn't give it 4 stars cuz I haven't reviewed many with 4 stars. If you are looking for a really super nice swank atmosphere this isn't the place for you but if you are looking for excellent massage, simple clean atmosphere, and great value, then you need to check this place out....
1	So, I have not actually had a massage at this place. I bought a Groupon for this place last week. It was a good deal and I was fairly disappointed with my last place. I called and called and they don't answer their phone. You get a guy's voice mail, but his voice mail box is always full so you can't leave a message. I gave up on calling and emailed. It took another day and a half to get a response and they first day they gave me was a week and a half away, but they didn't give me a time, so I replied and asked for a time, and they said oh sorry, that day is booked. How about mid November? So again I ask for a time, and they said 1 or 3 PM. I work so that doesn't work for me. I asked for their first available evening appointment. Mid December!!! Are you serious??? Not acceptable in my book. I will be working with Groupon and try to get a refund. 3 months to get a decent appointment time is not acceptable at all.
2	I bought a Groupon, like other reviewers did, and had an equally difficult time getting an appointment and communicating with Seth (the owner and massage therapist). I never actually spoke to him on the phone, only by answering machine, so booking the appointment was very frustrating and getting a date took about three months. He said he'd sold Groupons before and this happened.... so wouldn't you figure he'd plan a different strategy this time to manage all the influx of clients? The spa is a small clinic-type building where Seth has a room and other massage therapists have other rooms (and other business names) that share a waiting area. The massage itself was pretty good. I requested deep pressure, and he did a good job of maintaining that while "checking in" with me twice to ask if the pressure was ok. I've never had my stomach massaged before though. It has never come up in all the massages I've ever had, but he went ahead and did it here without asking me. I didn't  care for it either.....because so much pressure on your abdomen stimulates your digestion and puts pressure on your organs that I didn't care for. I'll leave my digestion to other professionals, thank you.So at the end of the massage I got up from the table and my neck felt great-especially since the week before I had had a killer tension headache. The only problem, is Seth completely killed my "massage buzz" by cornering me to purchase a two for $90 deal. Excuse me? I just got up from the table and you're pressuring me to buy this now? It was awkward awkward awkward. This is why I don't go to Massage Envy!!! It would have been more appropriate had he offered this deal and said it was valid for 30days or even better if he emailed me the offer. Instead he said I'd need to pay for it now. No thank you. I didn't appreciate his sales pitch, it was not the appropriate time and made for a weird moment when I was supposed to be enjoying being relaxed.
5	As with some of the other reviewers, I also bought a Groupon for a massage here.  However, I didn't find that making the appointment was such an issue.  I left a message and I believe got a call back the next day.  Seth was very pleasant.  I understood that if I wanted a weekend appointment it was a long wait because of the number of Groupons bought.  Frankly, I expect this with Groupons.  It wasn't an issue for me to come in during the week, so I got in fairly quickly, but I can see where this might be frustrating for others.The spa itself is small, but has nice atmosphere and everyone was very nice and welcoming.  The five star rating though is because the massage was so fantastic!  I've had a lot of massages and many of them from top resorts and this was definitely in my top five. The therapist, Lucas Celeya, did a fantastic job targeting just the right areas.  I asked for focus on neck and shoulders and stated my reason for wanting the massage was relaxation and easing sore muscles and that is exactly what I got.  I was really sore from an intense workout on Monday and all my soreness is gone.  I've had some stiffness in one shoulder for months and right now it feels great.  Lucas was very good about checking if the pressure was OK and I really liked the stretching he employed as part of the massage.  I highly recommend Lucas and also Tranquil Star Spa!
1	FRAUDULENT!  I was beginning to believe it wasn't a "legit" place since he redeemed my groupon before it expired and without providing service!!!  Like the others that had a hard time booking, I ran into the same problem.  Only when they did call back they asked for my groupon number and for my preferred times.  None of the times I gave him were available so I told him I would call back after checking my schedule months down.  No one ever returned my call.  I went out of town, came back and decided to try again 2 months later only to discover my groupon had been redeemed!  I called and again left messages.  When he finally called me back he was extremely RUDE and UNPROFESSIONAL accusing me of canceling when we never agreed on a set time/date!!!  I tried to file a complaint to the Better Business Bureau, however Tranquil Star Spa isn't even listed!
1	Seth and this company are a JOKE! terrible, terrible experience! My wife and i both had the Buy With Me deal and after not being able to get on his calender for 6 months he said he would refund the money. instead he sent a coupon extending the deal, then after finally getting on his calendar we showed up and 15 minutes after our scheduled time, Seth shows up in a business suit and said both of his therapists called in sick. and that he just hired a new person that starts Monday cause he realized he was under staffed, ok it took you this long to realize that????!!!  very mad, stayed calm and got on the calendar for the next week. we showed up and Seth comes outside to meet us and says his therapist just quit on him and that this is is last day in business. he wants to write us a check to refund us. ya like we would want a check if he is closing his doors and hasnt been able to manage his business with a darn! haha, my wife tells him, "you can march your little butt down to the bank and get us cash" which he did, on foot? we waited 10-15 min and he returned with the cash... having a massage canceled when you look forward to it all day, nothing worse then that!!!
4	One of the best massages I have had. Ive gone to manu 5 star resorts yet I still think Seth's massage is just as good as many of them -- yet at a fraction of the cost.Beware however that this is not a 5 star spa experience! Its a small office with tiny massage rooms and VERY thin walls so you can hear people talking, which is annoying.  The thin walls are a big downside to this place. However, Seth seems to understands these limitations so is willing to give discounts and great deals for his massages which makes me ignore the thin wallsIf you like deep tissue,  and are willing to deal with a non-chain small biz massage office, dont want to pay alot for a massage. Btw, Seth is a biz owner and a great masseuse so he books fast and it will take a day or two to call you back. Be patient though!  I highly recommend Seth for a great deep tissue massage!!
