1	I will never go to this hotel/casino again! First lets start with the first day. (I stayed a week)I walked in an immediately I smelled cigarette smoke even though I had requested the none smoking side. I asked to switch to a new room an they refused. Refused!I always bring my own sheets and throw them away after I leave the hotel so thank god for that or else I woulda smelled smoke the whole week :(After I febreezed the hell out of the room I noticed that the bathroom was complete crap. Dirty, dusty, no complementary cups. I would understand if I checked in eary but nooooo it was already about 3 in the evening.There's a safe in the room at least. I was sure to hide all my valuables because the place is so skeezy. The guy who cleans the rooms was staring me down one night when I was going to a club :/ I wasn't even dressed bad. Ugh.Oh! And another gross thing I found in my room was a moth!!! Also a couple spiders :/On through the next couple days it got a bit more tolerable. I usually don't let the housekeeping clean the room i'm staying in anytime they want because I'm really possessive over my things. I kept the do not disturb sign on my door for 2 days. The room didn't get too dirty because we (husband and i) only sleep there lol I guess they didn't like that much though because they refused to empty out waste baskets...Oh and one thing that really bothered me but its kind if dumb, is that there was no coffee maker in the room. Maybe it's not too bad with the starbucks downstairs but god save my soul if I don't get a cup of coffee in the morning. I'm no morning person.Well I was supposed to be there for 6-7 days but the hotel sucked so bad I actually did an early checkout 2 days before I was supposed to leave. The money was not refunded for those nights. Ah well.  Learned my lesson.Don't be cheap when traveling because you'll get a crappy, stinky, dirty, mothy, coffeeless hotel room lol. The gambling sucked too! I only won money at Caesars palace.This was the first time I had actually been to Las Vegas so I guess it's one of those learn when you get there type if things. Next Vegas trip, I'm forking over the extra cash for Caesars Palace or Monte Carlo
5	Watches, Cheese, Chocolates, Banks, Mountains...and leather goods - who'd have guessed the Swiss are pretty excellent at that as well.  High detail, hand made, exquisite customer service, and quality that matches the admittedly exorbitant price tag - from belts and bags to boots and shoes it wouldn't be difficult in the least to drop a few months mortgage on a whim in Bally, but having kept my eyes on a particular pair of loafers for nearly 3 months when the time finally came for a sale they were mine in all their buttery soft hand stitched glory.  Generally fancying Cole Haan or Ferragamo as my work shoes of choice suffice it to say that the craftsmanship at Bally is truly a work of art on par with the best in the industry and for those with the means their goods represent refined luxury without all the labeling and posturing of Louis Vuitton or Gucci, a rarity in a market where it seems everyone else wants to be emblazoned with a tag saying 'hey, look at me.'
