4	You know, as far as dry cleaners go, I gotta say these guys are pretty good. Efficient and professional. I don't think there's much more you can say about them.
4	So there name on Yelp is a bit behind the times as they are now Monte Vista $2.25 Cleaners..  Still, at $2.25, I find them to be the best place in the area.  You can't beat the price, and no matter what I drop off, shirts or pants to be laundered or dry cleaned, I always know it will be $2.25.  I hate places where some shirts are $1.50 and some are $4 but you don't know until you get the bill.Same day service is available for dry cleaning which comes in handy if you are like me and wait until you are out of clothes before you drop things off..
4	I was able to call these guys just after 7 on a Saturday and drop it off at 8 and pick up by 10 for a wedding.  Pretty happy so far although I haven't gone to the wedding yet..
3	The same day service was cool but if your getting a uniform dry cleaned, then I would go somewhere else. I still had to go over my uniforms with the iron.
3	They do not dry clean comforters but the service when speaking with the employees pleasant enough.
1	I previously took my clothes here with OK results.  At this point, will never go again and suspect new ownership/management.  I had a bad experience one Satturday in May and chalked it up to bad luck (it is $2.25 for dry clearning so I do not expect superior cleaning/service), but the last time I went will be the last time I go!  I took several plain scarves and 2 shirts for cleaning on Saturday morning with pick-up in the afternoon. Nothing was actually clean - the shirts smelled like chemials but had not been cleaned or properly ironed.  The scarves smelled like cigarette smoke (I don't smoke), as though they were jammed in a bag with smelly clothes all day.  Disgusting!  I will never use these cleaners again.   BTW - the name and address seem to change - this place is on 59th avenue and the 101, southwest corner.  The dry cleaning place is next to a bagel shop.  Avoid them!
5	I recieved a call saying they found something in my jacket, when I went by it was $300 that I thought I had lost, honest staff. Thank you
4	Definitely not the nicest looking cleaners but they get the job done. Relatively inexpensive and they give a discount to Midwestern Students.I actually got power steering fluid stains on some wool pants and a dress shirt (don't ask me how) and I thought I would have to throw them away. I brought them in to the cleaners, took them an extra day but they got the stains out perfect. Cheap, quick, and efficient. All you are really looking for in a cleaners
1	This USED TO be a great cleaners. I brought in 3 pairs of pants for dry cleaning and a shirt to be laundered a few days ago. All of the pants had been previously pressed with a crease so I expected that I would get them back the same way. All 3 pairs were pressed flat with no crease, and the pressing was not very good either. I had to re-iron the pants at home and put the crease in myself. The body of the shirt looked great but the sleeves were not pressed. All in all, a disappointing experience and a waste of my money.
1	I have been a regular customer for years and aways happy! Something has changed as the quality of the laundry service is terrible! I have asked for a certain level of starch on my shirts (same as aways for years) but now it never comes back correct. Most of the time with little or no starch at all. I have asked that the manager call me to discuss so we can figure out the issue (I want to keep coming to this location) but after several promises and attempts to reach them I have had no response. The employees are always nice about this but I really want it to be fixed. Not sure how to get it done and have that great experience I am used to back again. May have new ownership or management? BEWARE!!!!!
4	I was amazed what a clean and we'll run business . I was in a big rush and they could not have been any more efficient.  Wow its hard to make me happy but they did it. The price was right 2.59 per item . You can't beat a good deal and 2.59 an item is it.
2	I got to say I loved this place and I was coming here for almost two years until they began running my stuff. I took a pair of covers for some couches from my mother's house back in California for dry cleaning and they were completely ruined. I thought it might've been the fabric itself so I let it go. Fast forward three months and I took one of my wife's expensive $300 dress from For Love and Lemons. It got dry cleaned and when I got it back the tag with the brand was completely worn out. My wife is a blogger so she gets clothes and sells them and without a brand on a tag it's difficult to sell. What really killed it for me was the fact that we took a brand new dress from Topshop for dry cleaning. I picked it up and checked it right there in the store and to my surprise the dress was completely ruined. The fabric looked worn out and stitching had came out. I told the owner and he wrote a check for the price of the dress. I was glad that they took care of that for me. It's sad that I need to look into another place because this place was a minute away from my house and they have good prices. It is not worth to go there and have my clothing get ruined. Sadly, I will not be going back again. Be careful with irreplaceable items because they might be able to make you a check for them but you will never be able to find your item for sale.I'm not trying to trash the place but three times of getting stuff ruined was enough to warn others.
4	I've been coming here pretty regularly for the past couple months. I've only had my suit dry cleaned here so I can't speak about anything else, but they've always done a good with that. They have a discount for Midwestern students, which brings the price down to $2.25 per item. They charge $0.50 for debit so make sure you bring cash.
