5	What is as good as it gets when it comes to permanent care for a loved one with Alzheimer's?  I'm not sure but Huger Mercy Living Center, part of the St Joseph's Hospital chain, has to come close to it.  The goal of Huger Mercy is to allow the residents to remain as active and independent as possible and to maintain their dignity while living with this disease. They also provide exceptional medical services.  When it came time for me to admit I could no longer care for my 90 year old friend at home, this was essential for me.  I don't know what my expectations are for the future, but I have less fear for her care than I ever thought I would.  I especially appreciate one thing.  Family is encouraged to come visit any time 24 hours a day.  I've never been disappointed in what I have found and believe me, I have shown up at some odd hours.No one wants to ever have to deal with this.  Most people don't even want to think about it.  If the time ever comes that you do,  I recommend you check out this facility.  From the setting of five acres of trees and grass and flowers to the residents to the staff, to the families you meet when you visit, It gives a feeling of home.  If this is where someone will be spending the last years of their lives with an awful disease like Alzheimer's, what more can one ask.I want to end this on a happy note,  Huger mercy has four cottages for 12 residents each.  As the resident's mental state deteriorates, they are moved to another cottage.  Each residence is exactly the same to prevent as much confusion in transition as possible.  My friend was going to go into the first residence of the highest functioning resident's.  I had been there some months earlier to take a look, but wanted to see it again when it came time to place Norma there.  We went over there and it was locked with nobody there.  It was an outing day, they'd all gone out for lunch that day.  I know the restaurant they went to and like it myself!  Next week I understand it's out to Scottsdale to a place I've never been.   I may ask them if I can go along!
4	Sadly I tell you that I moved my friend away from Huger.  It is really a matter of what works for the individual and this wasn't the correct place for Norma.  They don't provide some of the amenities which are essential for her such as having a private bathroom for each room;  also, a nicer dining area and great room.  I also think they just didn't have enough outside activities for her.Huger was not the right place for my friend.  Doesn't mean its bad just health care in any case is such an individual thing.   It is no different for dementia care.
1	I wouldn't recommend this place.  The grounds are beautiful but nothing else.  No respect for the religious order that are taken there.
4	I don't understand the one star review of other reviews. I recently had my husband there and everyone was more than nice. The food was good and the management sympathetic and helpful.
5	My grandmother has been a resident at Huger Mercy Living Center for over 5 months and my family recently celebrated her 95th birthday there. She has adjusted to her new home and finds the food delicious and her environment very comfortable and home-like! I have worked at and visited several memory care facilities in the Valley and the palliative care and professionalism of ALL of the staff at Huger is five star. I look forward to my visits and am so pleased to see her participate in the social and spiritual activities offered at Huger!
5	Our mom has lived at Huger since May 1012.  She is happy, comfortable, safe, and surrounded by residents and caregivers who are now family.  The staff, cottages, and restraint-free grounds provide an ideal home for Mom.  I recommend this remarkable residence for any family who's loved one has been diagnosed with a form of dementia.
5	My Mom has lived at Huger Mercy since December 2012. It has been a long road in finding quality care for my Mom who was diagnosed with Alzheimer's over six years ago.  I feel she is finally at the right spot. It's also good for me too, I'm finally able to sleep at night not worrying about her care.  She is happy, calm and participating in many activities.  I never knew my Mom liked to dance so much!  Staff is caring and experts in dementia care. My Mom has always loved the outdoor.  At Huger she is able to go outside anytime she wants and enjoys the grass, trees and flowers.  I highly recommend Huger Mercy Living Center to anyone seeking quality care for his or her loved one.
5	My father, who had Alzheimer's disease and dementia, was a resident at Huger Mercy Living Center for the past six years.  Our expectations for high-quality care were exceeded in every respect.  Some specific examples are given below.* Beautiful, safe grounds with a large flower garden and unending walking paths; sheltered patios for sitting outside in front of the four cottages* Well trained, competent, caregivers who receive ongoing professional training* Caregivers had extra patience and skills with residents when challenging situations arose* Staff who supported residents' faith, beliefs, and values* The care provided was based on the latest research about Alzheimer's disease and dementia; for example, music  as part of the activities and appropriate colors in the cottages* The meals and snacks were nutritious, varied and delicious* Variety of activities and outings to entertain the residents; themed parties, refreshments after Chapel services* Communication with families was consistently excellent* Families and friends can visit ANYTIME and expect consistent high-quality care* Speakers with expertise on topics that were relevant and of interest to families were provided* Monthly newsletter was sent to families with pictures of their Loved Ones* Staff managed the final days of life with respect and compassion* The staff worked well together as a team to care for the residents and their familiesWe cannot imagine better care than Huger Mercy Living Center provided.  We recommend it to others without reservations.
