3	For a throw down place, this is pretty good.  They are open 24 hours, which is not a rarity in Vegas, I know.   But if you are wanting something in south vegas, without it being in a casino or loud noisy area, I like this place.  It's fairly non-descript, it looks more like a biker hang out than anything but it's not.  It's like a sports bar but with good food.  I've had the pizza, which is just ok but some of the pasta dishes were pretty good and they give you large portions.  So if you are staying at the Grandview or Southpoint and don't feel like driving into the strip this place works.
2	I got excited about this place, because the owners were from North-East Ohio like my husband and I, and was hoping to get some great Italian like I can get back home.  The service was good and the owner very friendly, but the tomato sauce that came on our dishes ruined everything.  The actually pasta itself was great, but the sauce definitely had an odd flavor to it and unfortunately pretty much ruined our dinners for us.  So sadly, we won't be returning here, but I still wouldn't discourage anyone from maybe giving it a try, hey, maybe you'll like the sauce!
5	We're staying at the GrandView next door to South Point and had been cooking in our unit and driving to various places for meals. We couldn't find the barbecue place we wanted and ended up trying Boulevard Bar & Grille as a last resort, mainly because it looked kind of dull on the outside. We didn't expect much at all.But inside it was super clean with smoke-free air and lots of big screen TVs. There's a Cleveland sports bar theme and the members of our party who live in that area recognized several Cleveland high school pennants on the wall.  Our party ordered two of the pizzas, the pork ribs, a salad, and a couple of desserts to eat and beer and cider to drink. Our server told us the pizzas would take an additional 20 minutes to cook and would we mind waiting? We said no problem -- as it was nice to know of the delay before we completed our order.When they arrived the pizzas were incredibly huge, nice and hot. The pizza eaters in our party said there was a good blend of flavors in the sauce and it was just all around good. The pork ribs were out of this world: the meat just fell off the bone, very tender and not fatty at all. Definitely the best I've had in a long time.The fries that came with the ribs were crisp and hot and the serving was quite generous.  The salad was a basic dinner salad with a good dressing. The desserts we ordered included creme brulee, which was extremely well done. The crust on it was perfectly done--I mean, it was PERFECT. Spumoni ice cream was good, too.We also ordered the homemade fried dough... my god, did that smell good. I didn't eat any but our guests who did said it was nice and hot and tasted divine.Looking around, we noticed that this place provides live music by local artists and we really wished we were going to be in town for the next event. Our server was very knowledgeable about the menu and most efficient. I always check out the bathrooms (because I think their condition is a good indicator of the cleanliness of the kitchen) and they were ultra clean. Overall, this was the best meal I'd had in our couple of days here in Vegas and I would definitely go again, definitely recommend it to everyone.
4	OVerall it was a good night a group of us from our LV office came here for dinner.  At first, I didn't want to come here because a big sign said "Smoker Friendly:, and I dread smelling smoke and smelling like smoke. That would've been a big strike and one star lost for me.  But strike one never happened.  When we got there at 7 PM, we were the only ones in the smoker friendly patio with no one smoking. The hot sun was setting and the comfy shaded patio was great for post meeting gabbing.  We had just come from South Point casino, and saw some gorgeous ladies serving drinks at the casino.  Here though, you have two regular guys in T shirts serving drinks.  That might've been strike two, but strike two never happened. What they lacked in beauty and finesse, they made up for with their very good service. We started off with some drinks - their 6 beers on tap included Sam Adams, Bud, Bud Light, an ale, and Hefewiezen.  This wheat beer was smooth and citrusy, and went well with the crispy Calamari in beer batter and antipasto type appetitizer someone ordered with sausage, cheese, and marinated veggies.We went inside to have dinner.  It was comfy in the front section where we were with minimalist decor. As a group, we had a limted menu to keep things simple. We had a choice of sirloin steak cut thick, chicken Marsala - which is what I had, a pork, and shrimp fettucine.  The Marsala was delicate, slightly salty, with a light brown sauce surrounding tender pieces of chicken.  The steak was beautifully and correctly cooked, but slightly dry and probably could've used a dry rub.  It came with a baked potato and veggies.  No one in my table had the other two dishes.  The spaghetti that came with the chicken dish was also beautifully presented, but I didn't care for the bland flavor.  IMO, it could've used more Italian seasonings like oregano, rosemary, thyme, and garlic.  That was almost strike three.  But the simple salad and warm bread along with the good entree prevented that.  And, after I tasted their tiramisu and heard about their creme brulle, that someone else ordered, my palate waked up...unlike our brains which by this time, was ready for a night cap after a 5 minute walk across the street to the hotel.  The multiple strikes and star losses never happened, and overall though the spaghetti was a miss - the service, dessert, chicken marsala was very good.  I'd give it 3.5 stars rounded up.
3	Burger and pizza nights are def worth trying. Some of the better pizza I have had. Breakfast is decent, but nothing exciting. Typical bar breakfast. Haven't tried their pasta, but want to. Service is ok.
4	I had the lasagna and my wife had angel hair pasta with tomatoes, bacon and basil. Not only was the food fantastic but we brought home enough leftovers for dinner tomorrow. You will leave feeling very full. They make their own salad dressings and they were way better than the usual fare.Prices were reasonable, great staff and the owner sat and talked with us for a while (we're all expat Clevelanders). Every night they have a special and tonight's was all-you-can-eat pasta, which suited the huge two family party next to us. We hear the all-you-can-eat fish fry on Fridays is packed.
3	This is locally owned which is always a plus for me.They have a pretty decent menu for a local bar - most "pub" type places around here have pretty much the same menu but Boulevard goes above and gives better choices.The staff is nice but hella slow.  No one is in any rush to get you anything.  If you're just out for a relaxing lunch or to watch a game and don't mind slower service its worth it.  If you have somewhere to be afterward, this is not the place to go.
4	Good burgers and a great place to watch a game.
1	We waited much too long after we sat down ( you seat yourself) and we watched 3 workers look up at us and watch us sit down. The food took awhile and was not that good AND there was a discrepancy on the bill. Definitely wouldn't go back. Oh AND it was super sketchy at the front it said ring doorbell when doors are locked....
4	I've been here twice. It's a small place across from the SouthPoint.The cavatelli - was a bit bland for me at first. Added a lot of grated cheese and the next day the flavors had evolved into a good meal.The ribs were very good - an entire rack - enough for 3 meals.Staff are friendly. Sports is always on.
4	The last thing I expected when we saw this place was really good Italian food.  What did we get? Really good Italian food. We started by splitting a nice creamy Clam Chowder (Ok, not Italian). It a had ton of clams and tasted homemade, Diane had the Chicken Parmigiana. Crispy Breaded Chicken with perfectly cooked Spaghetti and wonderfully flavored Tomato Sauce.  I had the Insalada Caprese. This was the most revved up version of this salad I've ever had! Along with the traditional Tomatoes, Basil and Fresh Mozzarella, it had Salami and Assorted Olives!  A great combination of Flavors!We were seated in a side area that was wheelchair accessible, but it was a very tight squeeze past the hostess stand. I did not see the Bar area.  The Staff was friendly and efficient. If I ever move to Vegas, I could see myself being a regular here.
5	The food is FANTASTIC, and very reasonably priced!  This is NOT your typical bar food.  Once in a while they will have a Rib Eye Special.  Outstanding!  Try the Tira-Misu for dessert!  Unbelievable!  The Cajun Chicken Sandwich and The Chicken Club Salad are my favorites!  They always have specials....lunch, dinner, all you can eat on Fridays and Sundays, and half off pizza and pasta on graveyard!  Speaking of graveyard, see Howie the bartender!  He is why I keep coming back after 6 years!  The gaming deals from midnight-3am are nice too!  It is a great place to take family, friends, or clients.  There is no bar that comes close!
4	Such a BOMB burger!! They really load it up with the "fixin's". If I'm in the area, I will definitely be back!
5	I was there last Saturday night.  The only bad thing is, Howie, my favorite bartender is leaving at the end of the month.  At least I have until the end of the month to enjoy the great food and service I know and have come to expect there.  With the WMMS Buzzard on the counter, Browns, and Buckeye games for football season, The Boulevard Bar and Grille is a GREAT hangout.  For those with kids, there is a separate dining room if you would like to take your family to dinner.  They cater and have 2 rooms for private parties.  Flory is the one of the owners.  He is there every night.  The only thing that can be difficult is deciding what to eat.  The eggplant parm is out of this world!(Appetizer or meal)  The cajun chicken sandwich is the best, and their chicken club salad with white basalmic is soooo good!  They have specials, for breakfast and lunch specials mon-fri and dinner specials every night.  Howie's shift, graveyard, features 50% off pizza and pasta midnight-8am.  I live SO close to Guiseppe's, but the last 3 times I was there, the food took to long, and I got so sick on their cajun chicken sandwich, with bacon that was raw...yuck!  I should know better than to go to another bar, besides The Boulevard Bar and Grille. Go Bucs!
2	Mediocre lasagna and ok service.  Just because you are in Vegas doesn't mean that you are catering to the McDonalds crowd.  The lasagna sauce was sweet and even a ton of salt couldn't kill that sweetness.  When I cut into my small piece of lasagna, it was dry inside, very dry.  While I give them kudos because it was obviously made in-house, I expected to have my socks knocked off for a $20 piece of pasta.  Our group were barely able to squeeze into the small space they allocated for us and that set us up for a hot, loud time.It wasn't a memorable time or food, I won't be back.
1	They claim to be a Cleveland Browns bar, yet don't even have the audio on.  They have the audio from that ridiculous red zone channel, which makes it difficult to follow any game.  I'm never going back...went to Kopper Keg West instead.  Browns on every TV with AUDIO!
1	Don't go for Browns game!!! Go to tap house on Charleston or Kopper Keg on Rainbow.
4	Excellent breakfast. 1st time going to eat with a friend who recommended their food. The service was above average and she delivered the wrong order but retrieved my order quickly. it was very good. On the way out i noticed they have specials which are at a great price.
5	Amazing food and service.  Looks like a hole in the wall from the outside but don't let it fool you, the food is incredible!!!
5	Abosultely love the pepperoni pizza and Ceasar Salad here.
1	If you are a player, forget this place. They nickel and dime you to death. THEY EVEN ACCUSED ME OF WALKING OUT ON A CHECK!!! I have never walked on a check in my life.THESE PEOPLE ARE NOT HONORABLE PEOPLE!!There are lots of other places to play!!
4	good food, drinks and not a chain what more can you ask for
5	You can get a terrific meal 7/24 and inexpensively. The menu is very ambitious offering Italian cuisine to old favorite American dishes including a variety of sandwiches. There is no question that the waiters in this restaurant enjoy working there. They always are accommodating, cordial and provide great service. The owner is very recognizable. He is the big guy that helps clear off the tables and doubles as the restaurants personable host. It sure beats the Denny's late-night or early morning breakfast.  Try it, I know you will return and make it one of your favorites.
4	One of my favorite places in Las Vegas. First and foremost I am not the biggest Vegas fan, don't care to live here and am beyond terribly homesick for Cleveland. So I was happy when I discovered there was in fact a "Cleveland bar/restaurant"I will say it could be a bit more Cleveland in there, it is sort of a Cleveland/old Vegas hybrid. Of course this is my biased opinion. They have enough Indians, Browns, Ohio state stuff on the walls but could be more. I was once in a Steelers place (cringe) and I don't think the actual city of Pittsburgh was as pro Pittsburgh as that was.Anyways the food here is really great. Being Italian my self I am overly particular about my sauce. There are few restaurant sauces I'll eat, This one is pretty good though, it passes. The garlic cheese bread is amazing, the meat balls great. The pork sandwich is really great, actually pretty damn good the next day too.Last time we went my son got the pizza, it was just fare, seemed like a premade crust.The kids do get free ice cream though.As for dessert, the fried dough is very good and the cannoli came looking like it should have its own zip code.All in all this place is a favorite of mine and until I can do the impossible and convince my L.A. born and raised wife to move to the 216, it will do.
5	Omg, great service and my fried calamari was the bomb. I love how they really take the time to give a good presentation as well as yummy food. I've been here at least 10 times and always it has been excellent.  The food is consistent. It is very clean and tidy.  The bartenders are always on the ball.
5	I absolutely love this joint. The bar staff is awesome and extremely cool. Every time I go they comp my meal from my gambling and the food isn't your typical bar food - this is a top notch Italian meal!! The house salad with their creamy Italian dressing is my absolute favorite. You wont be disappointed, I promise.
4	We love this local bar/restaurant.  Being from Cleveland and now living here it was wonderful to find a little slice of home.  Speaking of slice the pizza here is one of the best around.  You can get either New York style or regular.  Yes Monday is the pizza special 1/2 which is a great deal.  We have tried just about everything on the menu and have never found something we didn't like.  The entire staff here will make you feel welcome and will always provide you with excellent service.  The restaurant provides "smoke-free" dining and the bar offers smokers the opportunity to smoke.  Being a non-smoker myself I have never found the bar to be smoke filled.
2	the smoke billowing thru the restaurant was horrible.  they have doors however they were not closed.  the waitress was great.  our bread was delivered cold. we asked for it to be heated.  we just started our soup/salad and our meal was delivered.  it sat and got cold.  they redid the meal.  i will not go back due to the heavy smoke smell, what a way to ruin a great meal
4	Excellent go to sports bar and grill. They have friendly bar tenders and wonderful weekly specials. Authentic Italian food and great chicken parmigiana.
5	More of a real bar than another gambling spot. Food is amazing and they have an actual beer selection. Music is just the right volume.
4	Really good bar food, good variety, lots of pasta dishes and nice pizza pie Friendly crewseparate smoke free dining ended up dining here because Southpoint was mobbed for dinner and we been back several times since
4	Food:  I had the chopped chicken club salad...it was amazingly delicious and simple.  The dressing was housemade and produce was fresh.  Serving size was very generous.  My wife ordered Buffalo Chicken Sliders, which were delicious!  As a side we ordered mozz sticks.  They were good, but were lukewarm inside so the cheese wasn't stringy.  Overall, the food quality and taste was very good.Price:  Totally affordable.  My salad was something like $9-10 and it was enough to make two meals out of.  The sliders were $9-10 and could also be split or eaten as a main meal.  Overall, very affordable neighborhood bar & grille.Ambiance:  This is an Ohio State University and all OHIO supporting establishment.  The decoration along the walls are mixed between Old Las Vegas and Ohio High School and College banners.Service:  Very good.  We went when it wasn't very busy.Overall:  This is one of my favorite neighborhood bar & grille's, which just so happens to be located right across from a large Hotel Casino.  The food is affordable and tastes pretty darn good.  I haven't tried very many items on the menu; however, I plan to branch out soon.
1	sadly most of the time this place is great. however not all the bartenders are as happy to have guests at the bar as most of them. whoever the bartender was tonight 5/18/14 @ 00:20 pm  was the worst bartender , server, door stop, whatever you want to call her. she down right sucked at her job. so busy talking to one guy that she forgot the rest of the bar was even there. good luck sweetie. hope he won so he can take care of all the tips you are missing out on by acting put out, then ignoring the rest of your guests. i have never seen someone that sucked so bad at their job!
5	We've been coming here for years and we've never once been disappointed. They have great Italian food and fantastic desserts! The bar is nice also, and has gaming. They have a room you can reserve for private parties, and also cater.
3	This time we ordered the exact same things we ordered last time; however, the cooks prepared it in a way where all the dishes tasted totally different.  None of the dishes were bad; however, my salad did lack all flavor.  I'm not very happy when consistency can't be achieved on a constant basis, and for a food establishment I feel that's very important.  We may come back with my grandfather, who's honestly too old to care about food being tasty or consistently good, I think I'll just play it safe and get chicken wings or something easy to make.  Our meal was so good last time, this time was a little disappointing.
4	A 2:30am check-in certainly indicates that I have insomnia or enjoyed heavy drinking before I arrived here, and I'd lean towards the latter since this is Vegas. Everything at the South Point casino was closed when I finished up, and my friend and I were starving. Enter, Boulevard Bar & Grille.Surprising, to say the least. I have no idea why I ordered an omelette, but I did. It was really delicious, fluffy, and full of veggies. My friend went with the eggplant parmesan sandwich, and I wished I had ordered that instead. Really, really delicious. For bar food at 3am, this place is excellent. The bartender was wonderful; he offered menu suggestions and was super accommodating. I wish I could remember his name ... If you're at South Point, there isn't a HUGE selection of wonderful food inside the casino, and this place is simple to walk to. Open late, and the food is still fresh. Can't complain about that!
5	Full Italian menu 24/7, and it's GOOD. The pasta sauce keeps you daydreaming about it for days. Best chicken parm in town. Service is fast, prices are fair. This is an excellent place to go for a late night meal after a show across the street at South Point Casino. No lines, and the food is far better than the South Point cafe.
5	What a great place.  They have the best pizza in town.  Make sure to try this place!  They also make a great Greek salad.  Would also recommend the cheese sticks.
5	We've been coming to Vegas for years and would see the advertisements regarding the daily specials.  We always said "one of these days we should stop in".  Well tonight was the all you can eat fish fry. We did it!  AND we had the best food, the best server and the best experience ever. We could see by the number of cars in the parking lot that there must be something good here. The family environment made it feel like I was a local.  The best part was that one of the owners (casually dressed in shorts) visited each table asking how we liked our meal. We'll be back again soon.  You should try it!  You won't be disappointed.
5	I used to live on this side of town but have since moved. I often find myself craving their amazing food though so we often make it over to grab a quick bite to eat. The staff have ALWAYS been absolutely amazing and friendly as well as attentive. On our most recent visit my boyfriend and I ended up there around 11pm on a Tuesday night the female bartender was so kind and funny! The food was fabulous as usual, and the music was SO MUCH FUN! We had a blast gaming at the bar, having dinner and drinks, and quietly singing along to 90's music which had us laughing along with the bartender. The bar was quiet at this point but there was another gentleman enjoying the atmosphere and music choice as well. We had so much fun that night! If you want to have fun, good food, good drinks, and an awesome staff to highlight your experience, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND BOULEVARD!
4	If you're looking for some good pizza in the area this is the spot to go! I also has Bbq sliders and hot stuffed peppers, both were very good. Most local bars fall short when it comes to food, but not this place!
5	Best NY style pizza and Tiramisu in the valley. The whole menu is great. The owner is there a lot to keep an eye on the place. Makes a difference.
5	The food is great. In town for a visit and stumbled upon this Ohio State/Cleveland Browns/Cleveland Cavs bar. The decor is decked out in All Ohio banners. The food was really good. I came in back to back nights. I had the wedding soup which was home made and outstanding. I also had the veal Parmesan and it was awesome. The service and amp sphere was very personable and friendly.
5	Love this place! Me and my boyfriend frequent this place often. Good food and good service! Open all hours which is great cause we work night shift so they are still open serving the whole menu at any time!!! Have specials all time! Did the mention that the staff is great!
5	Have ordered four large (27+) take out orders over the past 3 weeks. Food has always been spot on and on time and delicious. Boulevard has been very accommodating, and there have been no issues, which is rare for such large orders. They have made my life very easy!
