5	This is a fantastic bakery! But this isn't your typical croissant and baguette bakery. I'm not exactly sure how to classify it, probably middle eastern. All I know is that if you go here, you will find some amazing things to take home.
4	I included Andalos in my Baklava taste test because it was my favourite baklava.  I found the baklava to have a rich butter phyllo taste, the pieces are of adequate size (not too mammoth) and I found it to taste airy and less sweet than most. The pieces come in different shapes and varieties, and truly one that I would go back for. As part of my disclaimer, I only tried their baklava and none of its other products so my review is based upon baklava.
4	J'adore!
5	Such amazing food, such a terrible location.I keep forgetting to drop by for a bite when in the area. I don't know how people without cars can even get here.Everything is tasty and the kebabs are grilled to order, they have regular pizza prepared in advance as well as manakish, lahmajoun and other tasty middle eastern treats.Their pastry section is truly amazing, the namourah is better than my mom's (but please don't tell her). They even have a drive-thru window, which helps since parking in front is hard to get.They seem to specialize in breads, pastries and ready made meals.Not really a cheese, olives, and meats place like Adonis.Their selection is a bit poor if you expect to do your regular grocery shopping here.
5	Il faut y aller au moins une fois pour voir. Pas trop souvent, car c'est le genre d'endroit ou on finit par trop acheter et manger meme si on a pas faim. J'y achete mon mouhamara prefere et pizza libanaise, et des biscuit et baklava. Je n'ai jamais ete decu, tout est bon et tres honnete!
5	This one stop shop is amazing! you can have lunch for dirt cheap (and SUPER tasty) and do your groceries! From Kibbe to baklava, garlic sauce to Lahmajin. Everything soooooooo good! I love this place!
5	Il faut y aller au moins une fois pour voir. Pas trop souvent, car c'est le genre d'endroit ou on finit par trop acheter et manger meme si on a pas faim. J'y achete mon mouhamara prefere et pizza libanaise, et des biscuit et baklava. Je n'ai jamais ete decu, tout est bon et tres honnete!
4	Iam a big fan of this bakery but the problem is that whatever I buy I find it very salty  although I told them many times about this huge quantity of salt they use in the food , nothing happened,  too bad that I cannot enjoy the good food there . I cannot say the food is not good but for those who like the salt yes,
