5	Let me start by saying that since I heard about Pizza Cono almost two weeks ago, I have literally been talking about it nonstop. I've been telling everyone how excited I was to try a pizza cone. Everyone. I have been as giddy as a school girl (to an annoying degree. Just ask my boyfriend.)Tonight was finally the night! Justin took me to Pizza Cono to try it out. There were two gentleman working behind the counter and they were super nice. It's clear that the restaurant is very new and still working out the kinks, the large menu they have posted has changed and we used a menu that was on a laptop. They will have printed menus soon. They have a a wide variety of different pizza cones to choose from, although they are still missing a few ingredients for some of the cones. I got a Pepperoni Cone (pepperoni, marinara & cheese) and Justin got the Mafia Cone (pepperoni, bacon, sausage, marinara & cheese) and they were both really good. The crust was warm, the cheese was melty (but not messy) and it was easy enough to eat. I think it would be nice to grab one and window shop on Murray or Forbes. They were made-to-order and took about 10 minutes to come out, which was a little longer than I expected and I do worry about the timing if they were busier. For dessert, we each got a Nutella Cone, which was similar to the Pizza Cones, but was a puff pastry-eque cone filled with nutella and topped with whipped cream. It was so good. It was a little messy there at the end, but I didn't care. You could put Nutella on cardboard and I'd probably eat it. The atmosphere is interesting. The decor does leave a little to be desired, but since they are just starting out, it doesn't bother me too much. They were playing some kick-ass music, I heard Adele, N*SYNC, and even some Shaggy. I was not mad about the music. All in all, my Pizza Cono experience was everything I wanted it to be. I will definitely be back. I think this little company has a lot of potential and I can't wait to see them grow.
4	I stopped in to try these pizza cones with great curiosity. It's a cute gimmick and the food was good enough. I still have to try the dessert ones, which sound quite tasty. Their only drawback is the amount of time it takes to make them...when I visited they did not yet have an operational warmer which will hopefully decrease waiting time, but if you get one made fresh expect to wait at least 15 minutes. My supreme cono was good. I was worried that these things would have an obscene amount of cheese inside but it was actually a good amount of cheese and generous toppings inside. It was still messy once I got to the bottom and had to take the foil off though!I find it a bit odd that they are serving espresso beverages and loose leaf teas, especially considering the amount of coffee shops in the area. They did have a nice selection of bottled beverages though. The guy at the counter was friendly.I'm sure I'll be in again.
5	Pizza in a cone?  How can you go wrong and why hasn't this happened before?  The staff was super friendly, the food looked amazing, and thankfully, it tasted as good as it looked.  My friend and I left after eating no less than four cones.  Highly recommend the mafia and nutella cones.  Such a fun unique place to add to Squirrel Hill.  We will definitely be back.
3	I like the idea of this place far more than the execution. I've seen pizza cones on Pinterest for a while now, and have always thought it was a cool idea, but didn't know how to make it and didn't want to spring for the $40 set that I'd use once. So when I was looking for spots to go while visiting Pittsburgh and this place popped up, it was at the top of my list. We walked in at around 3 on a Sunday and there were a few patrons inside. I immediately noticed a strange odor inside the entire restaurant. Not appealing, at all. But we all decided to split 1 pepperoni cone. After about 15 minutes of waiting, we finally got our pizza cone and left because I couldn't eat in the smelly restaurant.The top of the cone was cheesy and bubbly, but once you got to the middle, the cheese was cold and barely melted. It was not what I had dreamed of, and I was pretty disappointed. I figured after such a long wait, it would be hot all the way through but I was wrong. I think this place is worth one visit, but not worth constant trips.
4	Good to try. But I am not sure how many times I would go back. It is just pizza coned shape.
4	My husband had been begging to go here since they opened. We finally went tonight for his birthday. We were not disappointed! The two guys up front were just as friendly as others have previously stated. And the pizza cones were great. I think what we liked the most was how fun they were to eat. They had great flavor and it was just different! We got the pepperoni, mafia and white conos (I added the fajita chicken, which was delicious!) The mafia was by far our favorite! They were also very filling. I couldn't finish my second one, and my husband was stuffed after his two and the rest of mine.Delicious, great service, I hope they do well and stick around!
5	Tried Pizza Cono on a quiet Thursday evening.  The guys working there were really happy and chatty, about their pizza and in general.  Who doesn't love someone happy to be working??Here's the thing - 5 stars for a pizza place?  Yes!  We loved it and here's the surprise:  We expected it to be sloppy and difficult to manage.  It wasn't!  It was tasty and unique!I had the Mafia (MEAT!) and the Mediterranean (OLIVES!) both were really good and not messy at all.  The cone/crust is rather thin and crispy... but pizza crust crispy, not waffle-cone crispy.Friend had white and also a chicken version - both scored high on her taste chart, as well.  Drinks are fountain or an assortment of bottled soft drinks.  Prices? reasonable!Didn't try either dessert Cono...  next time for sure!
4	Nice kids who work here. A bit young so still learning. We were in town randomly and found this spot via Yelp. The cone pizza concept is very cool. It is easy to eat the pizzas. Actually less messy than a slice. But that may be because they haven't nailed down the proportions of sauce to cheese. It is good not great yet. I figure it is a learning curve. But I would suggest they put a thin layer of sauce around the inside on cone. Layer the cheese on top. The carve a small center for another dollop of sauce. My biggest issue was it was mainly cheese. So it was good. Cheese and herbs were tasty but it was more a cheese sandwich than pizza. The cone is pizza crust. So very cool concept. Takes a while to heat up. But I'm sure they will learn to speed up the cooking process. Also tried the Nutella cone which is in a flaky pie crust. The whip cream melts fast. But my kids loved this. So would definitely recommend. Now just adding my two cents, I can totally see apple pie and ice cream, cherry filling and whip cream and even a room temperature cream filling option as alternatives. I hope they read this and expand their dessert offering. Lots of opportunity in desserts in a cone. The Nutella cone dessert in all it's messy goodness deserves a 5 star. Definitely worth a try. And definitely a fun novelty meal.
4	After hearing about the pizza cone, we had to try it. We went later on a Sunday evening and it was surprisingly steadily busy. There are about nine tables/booths and a small bench to wait. The place itself isn't anything special, just a regular ol' pizza shop. Not necessarily dirty, but not tidy. The gentleman that took our order was extremely nice. We waited about ten minutes for our pizza conos which seems like a long time, but it's about how long you would wait for a regular pizza to cook anyway. We got the mafia cono and chicken fajita cono... They exceeded our expectations! They were better than any pizza we have ever had! Not messy at all, super easy to eat, and mouthwatering! It also wasn't greasy, so that's a plus for pizza!We also thought they were reasonably priced. We got ours as a meal which was the pizza cone and drink and was $5.99 each. Not bad! We will definitely be back!
3	To have a slice or a cone.  If you want a cone, go to Pizza Cono.  Fun to have a  pizza cono and walk down the street munching away.  If you like to fold your pizza slices, this is a different version for you.  Interesting to watch the cones put into a  carousel oven to cook the pizza cone.  It seems that the cones go thru the oven a couple of times. The names of some of the cones are interesting; The mafia cono, chicken fajita cono, vegetarian cono or make your own.  Also, some desert cones.  The pizza cone tasted good but was not warm all the way thru.  They have operation issues as well.  A few families in the three booths.  One eating, the others waiting.  As the pizza conos being cooked were taken off the carousel the staff was unsure what cono was,  what was it done, which order was it.  Some conos were brought out but they did not have the order #, just did you order this type of cono?  With about 10 conos on carousel, they need to somehow ID the cones on the carousel to the order.  Finally, they seemed to figure it out.  Wait time.  Over 40 minutes due to the confusion.  We were offered a free drink for our wait and their confusion. Interesting concept.  Nice taste.  Probably a little more expensive than a big slice at a different shop but where else can you meander down the street with a pizza cono!
4	Honestly, I went for the novelty, but I will go back because they have a great product at a reasonable price.It's good service, but not exactly fast food.  I'm thinking they don't start making your food until you order it, so be prepared for about a 15 minute wait.This is an idea that started in Italy about 9 years ago, however they seem to have perfected the process here in Pittsburgh.  The store itself is the old Bresler's 33 Flavors shop, so you can see some of the vestiges in the ice cream canisters and the booth seating.  The staff is friendly and they hustle to get your order ready.  I am already a fan, it's something that tastes great and only costs about 5 or 6 bucks.  I think their business will pick up even more as the weather improves, I picture people walking around Squirrel Hill eating their pizza cones.Anyway, I thought this might be a fad, but because it tastes great, I imagine that more people will want their pizza in a cone.
5	This is new, hip and a lot of fun. I enjoyed it and highly recommend this place. I had a pepperoni cono and loved it. Next time I plan to try another flavor and the dessert cono. Its like a slice of pizza in the form of a cone. The way they prepare it is cool..takes 10 minutes and well worth the short wait.
5	This place was really good ! Not only is pizza in a cone a different idea, but they are also amazing. I got the mediterranean and my boyfriend got pepperoni, both were delicious ! They are made fresh to order so we waited for about 10-15 minutes for lunch on a saturday afternoon. We will definitely go back !Only suggestion I have: they should play some kind of music in there because it was awkwardly quiet while we waited for our food.
3	Curious, I walked in on a cold Saturday in May & found the place warm & friendly. There were different people from different walks of life coming together for a hot pizza cone & just getting along. Very professional adult staff the first time around. 2nd time was staffed by long-haired teens (think Jeff Spicoli & his friends from Fast Times at Ridgemont High). Uh-oh, #hairnets. I ordered the Supreme Cono & Mafia Cono both times & both were delicious. Very filling (didn't eat anything afterwards until late Sunday morning) but felt kinda weird afterwards. I know the pizza's not all-natural & organic, but you gotta wonder about the ingredients. 2 cones came to almost $10 & a 2 scoop ice cream cone was $4. Thought it was a little high, but worth it for the unique experience. After eating here, it will be hard going back to eating pizza by the slice.
4	I get the hype, I do.Actually not a bad pizza, but yea it's pizza in a cone.They make it after you order, so there's the wait, but the fact that you can walk around sq. hill with it, without it really being a hassle, is great.I had the supreme which had everything, and it was decent. The cheese was melted all the way to the inside (unlike what some people have said)And, it was good till the last bite. Was it the best pizza I've had - probably not, was it the coolest pizza I've had - probably.Pizza in a cone - someone had to come up with it didn't they!If I feel like grabbing something handheld to eat while walking around in sq. hill, I'll definitely remember Pizza Cono again!
3	I love gimmicky food. I still eat chicken nuggets shaped like dinosaurs and french fries shaped like smily faces. So, pizza shaped like an ice cream cone sounded pretty awesome. And sure, it was cool, but as much as I wanted to love it, this place fell a little short.The machine they bake it in was cool - they cook the pizza while you wait in little pre-manufactured cones that fit into special holders that rotate through what looks like an oversized conveyer-belt toaster.But, the real dealbreaker was that even though the place wasn't busy, and they told me it would only be 10-15 minutes, it took half an hour to produce my little pizza cone. Maybe it was the family of five who beat me to it and ordered 5 cones per person (and ate it all in one sitting), but they seem to be unable to handle any significant volume.And then, the pizza cone itself was pretty messy to eat, I couldn't handle it while walking around squirrel hill as others have suggested. Maybe I'm just uncoordinated, or maybe it's because I chose the extra-juicy hawaiian version, but within 30 seconds I was covered in pizza grease. It was a little heavy on the cheese and the crust itself was pretty dry and chewy.Maybe my New-Yorker-boyfriend's pizza snobbery is just rubbing off on me.
4	As I will be moving to the hill of squirrels very soon, I started bookmarking places to try near my future home.  However, Pizza Cono looked so cool I decided to test it out early.The concept behind the Pizza Cone is genius.  Instead of folding your pizza, it's a crust cone filled with the toppings.  It tastes a lot like deep dish, but it's way less messy.  I don't understand how it's less messy, but it is!  Everything stays together perfectly.  You could actually walk and eat these at the same time.I got the traditional pizza cone.  It was PACKED with cheese.  These guys do not skimp at all.  I love love love cheese, and I was in heaven.  It was right around $4.  They are also very filling.  I don't think I could eat more than one.  I cannot wait to come back and try the more interesting cones.The pizza cones take about 15 minutes to cook, and there isn't much space to sit inside.  But the experience is so much fun, and I cannot wait to come back.
4	Fun little place to grab a bite to eat. I got the Hawaiian and it was great! The only issue I had was concerning the temperature of the pizza. Once I got about halfway through, the inside was cold. Still really good though!
1	I really wanted to enjoy this place, because of the bizarre pizza in a cone idea. Unfortunately my visit was a bust and there is no reason for me to return. First, two cones cost 8 dollars. More than double what two slices of traditional un-coned pizza would cost. In fact around 8 dollars will get you a medium pie a few doors down. Next, it took the apathetic and lethargic staff 25 min to get me those two cones. It actually was so sad... it was amusing to make a game to see how ridiculously long this simple order would take.I don't want to place the entire blame on staff though, because the establishment seems very limited by their single slow moving pizza cone carousel oven. And the cone idea itself lumps all the cold stuff together... Surely adding more cooking time than a traditional flat pie.Too much effort for a cone that tastes like a fresher version of a hot pocket. Bottom line: cost and wait = not worth the novelty. After 25 minutes for two slices, they should rename the place "Pizza Coma".
5	We found ourselves here because it sounded clever.Well it IS a gimmick but really I think you'll be surprised how good it tastes.I got a mafia and was really surprised how awesome it tasted.  Mrs. got another one that was equally good.It definitely  is a strong choice if you are just looking for a slice of pizza.
5	The size of the cone is just right and it tastes great!  You go now!
5	OMG! This place has amazingpizza cones !!! You have to come here!!! LIKE!! OMG lol ..but get the white pizza it's on a level that will make u do a flip!!! Lol Enjoy tho
3	I came here last night with a friend.  We were originally planning to go to Piper's Pub in the South Side, but his car was unavailable, so he asked if we could go somewhere in Squirrel Hill or Oakland, and this is what we chose.We each ordered one cone ($4.99 each)--I ordered the white pizza one, and he ordered the Mediterranean.  Staff was quite friendly and conversational, though kind of wishy-washy when my friend asked for a flavor recommendation.  Our cones took between 10-15 min. to cook, but we were the only people ordering at that time (6:30 on a Mon.).  When they came up, we were hoping to sit at one of the two tables outside, but each of the tables had a person sitting and loitering at it.  I found this slightly annoying since it was clear that neither of these people had bought anything, and tables (incl. outside ones) should be reserved for paying customers.  So we ended up sitting inside across from a table of noisy high school students.My white pizza cone was filled with the toppings you'd expect on a white pizza: mozzarella, ricotta, and broccoli.  Though I'm a white pizza aficionado, I was underwhelmed by the flavor of my cone, which I found bland and insufficiently savory.  I think this was due to the ratio of cheese being off (too much ricotta).  Having said that, my cone was quite filling (I didn't regret not ordering a second), and was served at just the right temperature (hot but edible).  My friend enjoyed his Mediterranean cone, which he said contained quite a few olives, though it was served hotter than mine, so it was difficult for him to eat (even after he'd reached the middle after several minutes, it was still steaming).If you're in the mood for a slice of pizza or an inexpensive meal, I'd recommend checking this place out.  Based on my review and others, there are some kinks the ownership needs to work out, but they have an interesting product.  I'd return, but I think I'd try another flavor next time, such as the pepperoni or Hawaiian.  3.5 stars.
4	Pizza in cone form? It's 2014. Why hasn't this happened sooner? In fact, why aren't there more foods in cones? For that matter, why aren't there more foods on sticks? If anyone figures out how to get a spaghetti dinner on a stick, I'll be your first investor.In case you haven't figured it out by now, I'm a big fan of portable food. I've been dying to try this place ever since I walked by it a few months ago and saw their slogan adorning the front of the building: "Pizza not flat anymore!"  So pizza is no longer flat AND there's no need to use verbs anymore?!  I've seen the future, and it is glorious.Anyway, so as I was saying, I've been wanting to come here for awhile. As if reading my mind, Groupon suddenly drops a well-timed email into my inbox this weekend -- $9 for two cones and two fries at Pizza Cono. Sold!We went yesterday for lunch. I wanted to try the white pizza cone, but I'm not a fan of ricotta cheese. So I asked for it sans ricotta, but to my surprise, they could not accommodate my request -- apparently all of the gourmet cones are pre-made, so you can't make any changes. BOO! The best they could do was to make me a "build your own cone" with broccoli in an attempt to replicate the white cone (except it had red sauce, which totally isn't the same thing...I don't know why they don't have white sauce as a build your own option). Anyway, so that was mine, and the hubster ordered the Hawaiian cone.It took about 20 minutes to make our food. I get why it takes a long time...they need to thoroughly cook like 5+ inches of toppings deep in the cone instead of just a thin layer on the top of a regular pizza slice. So I didn't come in here expecting fast food. That being said, it would be nice if they had a TV or something to help keep people occupied and fill the awkward silence in the shop coming from everyone just sitting and waiting for their food.Our cones and fries arrived piping hot. I eagerly dove into my masterpiece, drooling with anticipation...and it did not disappoint! The cone crust was perfectly thin but chewy. The red sauce was flavorful, with chunks of basil throughout. And there was so much bubbly, brown, gooey cheese. Ohhh how I loved the cheese. The broccoli, which I was skeptical about, worked surprisingly well in the melange of cheese and red sauce. Each bite was more delish than the next. The fries were really tasty too...thick, battered, and crispy. My hubby reported that his Hawaiian cone was also a winner. His only complaint was that he missed the thick end piece of crust that you get when you finish a slice of regular pizza. I can't say that I agree, since I always leave a trail of crust scraps in my wake when I eat pizza....so pizza in a cone is perfect for me. But I guess if you love the thick crust at the end, you might miss that too like my ol' hubster.Anyway, so cone as a pizza delivery mechanism = great success. My meal here definitely didn't fall flat. Get it?! FLAT?? Seriously, spaghetti dinner on a stick. Somebody make it happen.
1	I should have known that this place was doomed since there was no one in there at lunch hour. A crusty cone of cold cheese took ages to get to me despite being the only person in the restaurant. Never again.
4	Enjoyed the Pizza in cone, it was very easy to eat. My kids loved it and I felt it was good. I bet it is a fav for late night eats. It takes a few mins to make but it comes out hot and cheesy. Looking forward to trying the Nutella Cone.
4	Cool place, cones are made fresh to order. Great place for families with kids who love pizza. Warning the cones are very cheese
2	I ate here twice, both times with a Groupon deal.First visit: tried the white pizza cone. The place was busy so it took a long time to get our order. The fries came out before the pizza cones so it was nice we had those ahead of time as they won't get cold while we ate the cones. Second visit: tried the Mediterranean one. It was cold inside. It took a long time to get the cones and they came out with the fries. I think this is an interesting concept but they need to adjust the baking of the cones so that the insides get warm. Also, during the first visit, the refills for pop were free. On this visit, I noticed a new sign saying they were 99 cents. It's odd that they are taking this route to charge for refills when almost every other place in Squirrel Hill has free refills. Is it really that expensive to run the soda fountain? It makes them look cheap trying to squeeze every penny out of you.I did notice the one employee was new as he was being trained so I give them some benefit of the doubt in terms of coldness and service. I did not like overhearing the cursing though. May or may not return--depends on who I am with!
2	The first time the wife and I had a pizza cone was in Aruba on our honeymoon.  That experience, while novel, left a lot to desire with bland ingredients and a cooking process that burnt the exterior and left the interior raw.  With the arrival of Pizza Cono in Squirrel Hill, we were excited to give it another try!Unfortunately, this experience didn't differ much.  The restaurant, while clean, really seems like it lacks any identity (I blame the fact on the kitchen being the pizza cone oven - a rather modest sized appliance).We ordered the Mafia (meat) and Chicken Fajita cones.  After waiting about 10-15 minutes for them, we were finally greeted with our conical dishes of American/Italian/Mexican pizza fusion.The Mafia cone wasn't too bad.  The flavors (i.e. fat) from the meat (bacon, sausage, etc.) added some dimension, but unfortunately, this cone fell fate to the under-cooked center of doom.The Chicken Fajita cone, while fully cooked, lacked any flavor at all.  I've had better $1 frozen pizzas than this thing...  seriously.While I like the concept and it's something different against the ton of pizza joints we have in the burgh, Pizza Cono just isn't for me.
4	Heard a lot of good things about this place and was very intrigued by the conical pizza idea so when we saw an Amazon Local deal, we snagged it. We ordered a mafia, a supreme, and a white cone. They were all pretty good to start but got better the more we ate them. I think the change in crust to filling ratio had something to do with it. Anyway, it was good and I'd recommend trying it at least once. Also, I'm sure it would make a more portable snack than regular pizza. The staff was very friendly and all-in-all, I'd say it was a great experience.
2	Your cones are overrated! Why did it take so long to make two tiny cones? Why was there so much cheese? Why was I still hungry after I ate 5 pizza's worth of cheese...I don't know. All I know is that I will never trust pizza cones again.
4	I got this as a Groupon because I thought it looked fun and gimmicky. I'm a sucker for that. It is true it takes a decent amount of time to get your food, but I wasn't in a hurry so I sat down with my husband, read a book and enjoyed the down time. The cones were pretty excellent. Crunchy on the outside and filled with LOADS of gooey cheese and toppings. I got a white one (chicken fajita) and he got the loaded meat one. Overall, we were both satisfied. We also got the fries and I gotta say, those were some darn good fries. I'm picky about my fries, so I was happy to see them come out hot and crispy. Overall, it was a very good experience. The establishment leaves a bit to be desired in terms of ambiance/decor, but I'm buying a second Groupon so we can go back this weekend. :)
4	I loved this place.  And we dont eat pork but all there meat is beef.   Excellent!   I'll be back! !!
4	Went around 4 pm with two friends. I ordered the Mediterranean. Took about 15 minutes, but I was told in advanced that it would take awhile. Waiting was worth it! Don't know what happened to the people complaining about the unevenness of temperature, because ours were piping hot all the way through. It's a great place for a heavier snack, and service was standard. Nothing special but nothing was really lacking. Well, maybe everything could have been a little bit cleaner. Most of the tables and seats were covered with crumbs. Also, the first thing I smelled when I walked in wasn't the delicious smell of pizza...I think I was greeted with the smell of cleaning products...Overall, everything tasted very fresh and was reasonably priced. I'm sure I'll find myself wandering in again in the near future!
5	Tried the Mafia Cono and the caramel apple pie dessert cono. Both were delicious. We had a Groupon so the cono came with fries. We were stuffed. The Mafia Cono is like a slice of meat lovers pizza. Very good and the service was great. Next time I want to try the other dessert cono and the white pizza.
2	Yikes. This seemed like a good idea in theory. The end product was tasty - pizza toppings of your choice in a cone. But the kids operating the cash register and making the cones were pretty lax about food handling - from the register to serving the cones to filling the ice in the coke machine - all accomplished without once donning gloves or hand washing. I had a hard time NOT thinking about all of the times they touched my cone. But I are it anyway. Won't return.
1	Pizza Cona makes you long for the days when the world of pizza was still flat.  Disaster doesn't even begin to describe our experience here.  The first sign of trouble was the bathroom.  There was a cup in the only toilet, urine EVERYWHERE, and no paper towels, but I figured maybe they just hadn't gotten around to cleaning it that day.  However, upon sitting at our booth, which was covered in the trash of the precious customers (as was every open table in the restaurant), I realized that it may be a greater trend.  Not a single one of the napkin dispensers contained any napkins.  We observed another customer ask one of the employees to clean off a table for her, to which the employee responded that she should sit elsewhere.  She then explained that ALL the tables were that messy, and so he handed her a stack of napkins rather than cleaning it himself.  We had ordered 3 pizza cones, a dessert cone, and 2 orders of fries.  According to the restaurant's website, they would only take 3 minutes to make a pizza cone, and yet it took them 40 minutes to get make ours.  While I understand that large take out orders can get in the way, we ought to have been notified that there might be a wait, and we were not.  When they finally brought our food out, they dropped the dessert cone top down on the table, and rather than making us a new one, they simply retopped the whipped cream and gave it back to us.   The food itself, was underwhelming at best.  A pizza cone is nothing more than a mediocre pizza in an unnecessarily awkward-to-eat form.  I have never had such a terrible experience from a restaurant of any kind.
1	The food was good, but the service was so terrible it ruined the experience. The two guys behind the counter often disappeared. It took 30 minutes to get our fries, which came well after our pizza cones. We smelled cigarette smoke coming from the kitchen. Most of the tables were dirty as well.
3	The groupon is a great deal - two cones and two fries for $7!  I jumped on it because I knew that I had to try this place at least once.  We strolled in on Tuesday at lunchtime.  At this time of day I figured service should be spot on.  The guys at the counter had a lot of technical difficulties.  They couldn't get their iPad register to work.  Then they said they would take a picture of my groupon to get the barcode but then their iPhone didn't work.  Then they tried to mark my Groupon as redeemed on my phone and the site was down (they were pretty put out and asked me to keep trying).  I was thinking to myself "They better not make me pay for this when I have a groupon!"  In the end, we got our food but this was WAY TOO difficult.  With this much difficulty, they should have just given me the food for free anyways for all the trouble.  What about the pizza in a cone?  I liked it!  It's definitely a novelty but I thought it was tasty.  I recommend getting toppings because then it's not just a big 3D cone of cheese.  I got the Supreme Cone and it was hot and tasty.  The only thing is that the grease from the cheese gets all contained in the cone so you definitely eat all of it and it makes it a little hard to eat in the beginning.  The fries were hot and crispy and delicious.  All in all, I liked it.  I would eat it again next time I am feeling the urge to be unhealthy.  I encourage everyone to try it at least once---c'mon people, it's pizza in a cone!
1	The idea is good but the execution is poor.  Half the items on the menu were simply not available. The staff is unfriendly incompetent, and unprofessional. The food is overpriced, and worst of all you will likely be waiting 30 minutes for one pizza cone partly due to the inefficient machine they use.  I recommend ordering the food ahead of time to avoid the awful wait.
4	Why not eat a pizza out of a cone? I'd eat it off the floor.8 for creativity, 8 for taste, 7 for functionality, 6 for atmosphere.
1	Bought the groupon because my wife and I were curious about this place.  While the pizza cones were pretty good, the pictures people post make them look much, much bigger than they actually are.  The service is mainly why I am rating this place so low.  We waited 30 min for the pizza cones to come out, and when they did, our fries apparently were forgotten.  We had to wait for the fries to cook, and even then we only got one order (the group on clearly says 2 orders).  I could understand it taking a long time and the fries slipping their mind if they were busy, but there was only my wife and I and one other couple in there.  While we were waiting for our food to come out another couple came in and waited for about 10 minutes at the counter for anyone to acknowledge them, but the workers were too worried about their phones to even notice.
