5	The staff is awesome! No complaints!!! MARYdoes THE BEST PRENATAL MASSAGES!!!! I went to her during and after my pregnancy. Too bad she only works Wednesday to Friday. GLENDA is good to, especially since she gives you yummy chocolate!
4	If you go to Massage Envy at Rock Springs you must ask for Alex. Best massage I've ever had...
2	I will share - you can make your own judgement... Con:  My appointment was somehow "lost" Pro: They did not charge my session to make up for the inconvenienceCon:  It was very, very loud - the walls were paper thin and I could hear everything going on in the rooms around me, including a very rowdy staff meeting.Pro:  Massage therapist, Joe, gave a very nice massage.Con:  Sales pressure to sign up going in and coming out
3	The massage therapists here are extremely hit or miss. I've had my best massage ever as well as my worst massage ever all within 1 year of membership. The price is extremely fair but there are definitely cons of this location. If you get a massage on the right side of the building it becomes extremely loud at times because this location is next to a Golden Spoon with screaming kids. Not the best way to stay relaxed.Everyone from the front desk staff to the massage therapists are friendly and helpful but I can't get over the really bad massages I've had on top of the often times loud rooms. If you really like a therapist ask if they make house calls to avoid this location. Thank me later
2	As others have mentioned, it's really hit or miss with the therapists, but I like the concept of paying monthly for my massages, thus forcing me to actually go get one. I used to always have shoulder pain from working on a computer all day and bad sciatic nerve pain from running, and with the regular massages my pain is gone. I have one MAJOR complaint though - and I truly hope someone from Massage Envy reads this and takes some action. Every time a door opens and closes anywhere near your massage room - the friggin walls feel like they're going to fall down. It's hard to relax when doors are slamming and walls are shaking.Oh - and parking is a bitch....definitely one of the worst parking lots in Vegas!
2	I started my membership here a couple of years ago because they were reasonably priced and the massages were good. Since then, I've moved and go to a different location. Last week I came back and was thoroughly disappointed. I called on a Friday for a Saturday appointment. But after I left work that night and checked my VM, someone called and said I missed my appointment today!? I immediately called them and told them about the mis-communication. The person that picked up the phone was very curt and made me feel like it was my fault. She rescheduled me for tomorrow, the correct day, and didn't say anything else. When I arrived the next day, I checked in and went to use the restroom. When I came back, the two receptionists were in semi-heated conversation about when I checked in. One of them even turned around and asked me directly what time did I check in. After I told them, the other one said well, it's not in the system. Clearly the front staff need to get it together and be more professional and pleasant. I like to go to a warm, friendly and welcoming massage place because it does affect your relaxation during the massage. It's sad because I liked my massage from Dan but unfortunately because of the reception and schedule mishap, I will not be coming back.
1	I HATE msg envy!!I've been a member at  (SW location on flamingo and durango) for the past year and every therapist I had  either talks too much or has no idea what he or she is doing. Although it's cheap but what you get is what you paid for.Be careful making your apt, they just  took out 20$ out of my acc for not showing up for a an appt that I made for following week. All I can do is warn others to be very careful dealing with location or this company.
5	John gave an awesome massage. Ariana gave an amazing facial. I really like this location and it will most likely be my new massage envy.
1	Been to this location only once, if you want  to go to a spa and hear receptionists bickering this is your place. Front staff very rude and lacking training. My therapist was nice but Massage was very robotic and repetitive. After massage was over the girl at the front desk pushed me to sign a contract. Really? Yes it's their job but after all that, I would not come back. Lacks the Spa environment.
4	Wonderful way to relax and unwind
4	Love my couples massage with my wife! great way to spend a relaxing time together.
5	Had my first massage ever today. They were very thorough to explain how everything worked and it was very relaxing. Well work it, shouldn't have waited 30 years to get one though. Alicia was fantastic.
4	I've been going to the Lake Mead location of Massage Envy for about 2 years and my feelings have been mixed until recently. On my last two visits I've not only got excellent massages, but the facility is also receiving a much needed facelift.  Generally when I go in for a treatment the last thing I want to have is a 5'3" 118 pound girl as a massage therapist. Well, that's just what has come my way on the last couple trips and frankly both women have done a wonderful job. ShaRose and Elsa are their names and I highly recommend them both. I like a deeper tissue massage and these two do a great job despite their diminutive statures. My wife likes a little less pressure and when she had Elsa the pressure used was adjusted to her liking as well.    The biggest change to the facility is the addition of a "Quiet Room" to enjoy while waiting for your massage room. Previously you would sit just inside the front window which was ok, but it was less than relaxing and often times was kind of warm when the sun was shining.  This room gets you away from the busy reception desk and allows you to begin to unwind. It's really a nice touch.  Just a few months ago I had told my wife that I wanted to use up my sessions and cancel my membership. My experiences had been so bad for a while that I had stopped going and had a backlog of about 7 months' worth of treatments. The way things have gone these last two visits I'm definitely rethinking that idea.
3	My normal Massage Envy Spa is the one off Green Valley and Pebble, but this one is close to my work and I needed to use up some points before they expired so I came here for a facial.  So, I booked a same-day appointment and came here for my lunch one day!The parking lot is definitely bustling with activity as there are a LOT of businesses here, so I'd suggest just going to the far back rows and parking.  Just be careful of walking since you'll be trekking across the busy driveway entrance.Inside it's a little smaller than the one I'm used to, but still pretty nice.  Checked in, filled out paperwork for the facial, then sat in the quiet room.  Quiet room isn't terribly quiet though as you can hear the chatter of outside.  Doesn't really affect me one way or the other but if you're trying to relax it may suck.My facial lady came out a few minutes after my appointment and apologized for being late; apparently the front didn't tell her that she had another appointment.  Happens I guess - never had any sort of problems like that with the other location.We go in and do the facial biz which was nice and relaxing, and she actually gave me the couple extra minutes back (she apologized again for being tardy) even though she had another appointment after me - super cool.  I go out to check-out and one girl was on the computer looking intently at something (no customer in front of her, mind you) and the other lady was assisting someone.So, I used the restroom and came back and the aesthetician had put some suggestions up on the counter.  The lady at the front started automatically scanning them and I was like, "Yeah not today, thanks."I am REALLY not a big fan of upselling when you just assume the customer is going to purchase whatever is there.  Otherwise, this would be a solid 4-star location.
4	Massage Envy is the best way to get into a regular monthly schedule of therapeutic massage in a soothing spa like environment for a reasonable cost. The fact that you can use your prepaid massages at any of their hundreds of locations all over the USA is what makes this program so good for frequent travelers like me. I have never had a bad massage at a Massage Envy despite using over ten of their locations and more than double that many massage therapists. I also recommend bringing a special friend and treating him or her to a massage on you... It is a great conversation topic afterwards and an excellent prep step to going out on the town.
4	First time I have taken my husband for a massage. He was worried about the experience and seeming sissy like. But considering his pain he elected to try massage envy. We arrived with our two year old son and everyone was warm and welcoming. They loved my son and gave him balls to play with in the lobby while my husband filled out his paperwork in the tranquility room. They for my husband right in. Even though my son was with me they weren't irritates or upset that he was a typical two year old. They offered us water and also we're pleasant. My husband came out after his 50 min massage. He was In pain but the good kind. He needed this massage because his back looked like he was turning into a triceratops ! All his muscles were right and he has knots everywhere. He said he felt good and would consider signing up with them monthly. That's a lot to be said for considering he is not a massage guy. I'd go back and can't wait to give it a first hand try!
4	I had Danny for my massage and he was amazing. He was so thorough even with just a request for a full body medium pressure massage. Definitely somebody you could make your regular therapist...he could really help you work through some stuff especially if you have pre-existing conditions that would require regular massage. Then I had a facial with Diane and she was lovely. Very focused on providing a great spa experience and gave honest opinions about my skin and how I should care for it. She didn't try to oversell me on product which I was grateful for. I ended up buying something anyway. :)Docked 1 star because it's weird how the front desk girls are instructed to shove like 8 people in their little quiet room when the lobby is perfectly empty. They also didn't know about the discount special they had going for product and I just think they should all know when asked because otherwise it looks slightly unprofessional.
5	Waited far too long to make this place a regular part of my pampering routine. I was given a gift card for Christmas 2013...I just used it (11/21/14). I went for the facial. I needed some pampering and my face needed the most attention. My experience was very positive. Check-in as a new client was simple. The front lobby was inviting. I was offered hot tea or cold water. The receptionist who attended to me, Emily, was helpful and thorough. After paperwork, I was taken to the relaxing room. It had a great ambiance and I felt it really helped me to wind down. When I was greeted by my esthetician, I felt comfortable immediately. Suzan was sweet natured and had a wonderful energy. The room she escorted me to was the perfect temperature and the linens were soft and plush. (I must have a blanket...) Suzan explained every step of the facial, which I appreciated immensely. Next time though, I'll ask her to let me revel more in the pampering now that I know what to expect. After she finished, Suzan gave me recommendations for caring for my skin and future treatment options. Then I met with Emily again to learn more about the Massage Envy Membership. I signed up because I knew if I didn't, I'd continue to neglect myself. I'm looking forward to a monthly visit!Thank you to the entire team at the Rock Springs Massage Envy!
