5	I was working in Pittsburgh temporarily and living out of a hotel downtown.  Laura was recommended by another person working on a film in Pittsburgh so I called her.  I was nervous as my dog had only had one walker at home.  My fretting was for naught.  Laura is amazing!!!  She left me detailed notes everyday about her adventures with my dog.  What they did, how he felt, how long he played fetch before cheating and quitting.  The notes showed me that she not only cared about my dog but truly had gotten to know him.  More importantly, she liked him!!   She even noticed some behaviors in him that I hadn't.  I miss her dearly and wish that she lived in NYC as she would be my permanent dog walker.   Pittsburgh pet owners are very lucky to have her.
5	On relatively short notice, having never dealt with her before, Laura came through and took excellent care of our pet while we were gone. First and foremost, she comes over preliminarily to assess your dog, what he or she likes, how he or she behaves, etc. You run her down on all your specifics - where the food is, when to feed, should she take them to the bathroom pre- or post-walk. Her rates are reasonable, somewhere around $10-$15 per visit - each visit is about 30-45 minutes(depending on your dog's needs) and includes a bathroom break, a walk(weather permitting), and some quality time(in our case, accident cleanup). We were fortunate enough, shortly before leaving, to have a family member step up to spend nights with our dog, and Laura had no trouble changing her schedule from 2 visits to 1 on short notice. She also kept us updated with a short text with every visit.If your dog is OK to stay on his own overnight, I definitely recommend giving the Pet Nanny a call.
5	Luckily we've had the Pet Nanny care for all of our dogs. When our first, Ozzie, was in declining health Laura took wonderful care of him--even staying over nights when we were on vacation. Now she's here for our rambunctious duo: taking them for walks, feeding them and playing with them, and often texting me while here just to put my mind at ease. We're lucky we found such a kind, professional caregiver and know both dogs are in good hands when we're away.
5	When we lived in Squirrel Hill, we used Laura a few times to watch our handsome doggie pal while we were away on vacation. She is warm, gentle, and incredibly reliable. She sent text updates with pictures and really put our mind at ease while we were away. Her rate of $15/visit was reasonable, and I loved that my dog could stay at home in a familiar environment instead of having to be boarded.The only bad thing is now I've moved juuuuuust outside of her service area -- the furthest north she goes is Highland Park, and I live across the bridge in Aspinwall :( So unfortunately she can't pet sit for us anymore, but I highly recommend her for those of you live in her zone. My dog gives her 2 non-opposable thumbs up!
