1	One day while waiting around for one of my cousins, my mom and I headed out into the West side. I don't really care for the westside, there's no love there. We were looking for another chinese place but couldn't find it and instead opted to dine here instead... BIG MISTAKE!I wanted to go to Olive Garden, shut up! it's one of the best places on this side of town besides Thai 75! and atleast I know the food will be moderatly clean there!! But here... I unno what should've tipped me off that the food was gonna be bad - the window that had some sort of tape on it to cover it up... the stickiness of every single damned surface in the place of the fact that every thing from the carpets, to the chairs, to the faux marble panellings of the dining room to the damned walls themselves were this putrid color of green?!By the time I was done approaching a very angry Chinese woman who I knew just wanted my money who sat behind a counter, I had the fear and I had it bad. Every red flag was blaring and suddenly the 30 minute wait outside of Olive Garden didn't seem so bad. "Twenty dollar with tip!" she shouted"The fuck?! Tip?! This is a buffet!! You should be tipping ME!" "Twenty dollar with tip! Just pay 20 dollar!" she insisted.My mom then turned to me as if to say, pay the woman... oh HELL NO! You mean, I have to pay?! I begruggingly took out a twenty dollar bill which she snatched out of my hand and quickly slammed the cash register shut. Frustrated and worried, The Fear only intensified as I approached the buffet itself. The food was luke warm - the temperature that only the worst of bacteria could love. The food was old - the sweet and sour had a THICK skin on it except for where people had dunked the ladle in. And the food was bland - Everything had the same tasteless brown chinese gravy on it and lacked any depth and soul.I wanted my money back - tip and all! I tried to make the best of things but I couldn't find anything I felt safe to eat besides the steamed rice and Sweet & Sour chicken. I hated it and vowed to never go back. Oddly enough, my mom loved it - that worries me more than you will ever know.
1	I wish I had read the previous review before. This place suck !!!!! Inside was hot...gotta be 80- 90 degree. I was uncomfortable the whole dame time. The bath room stink. I can't imagine what their kitchen would look like. what a ssham
2	= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =Came over here to enjoy another 2-Star lunch & get blown around by the outdoor coolers sitting on tables INSIDE this place blowing like a hurricane, but CB2K here is now so closed that it's hard to even tell where the place used to be in this ghost town shopping center!     :-O
