5	I was dreading this for a long time but decided to go with Wax Bunny through a referral. The results were totally worth it! Evanka was professional, fast, and  so patient as I needed breaks. I can't see myself going anywhere else. The salon is very chic and clean. Awesome experience!
5	I am a trained esthetician, I won't just let any one wax me. I highly recommend Evanka at Wax Bunny. She knows her stuff and is professional, everything you want in a wax specialist.
5	THRILLED to have Evanka back in town. She is highly professional and skilled at what she does. She takes her time with all her clients to make sure they get the best out of the experience. The wax she uses is incredibly luxurious and (for me) pain and irritation free. As someone who has been body waxing for years, I choose to exclusively see her when I am in Las Vegas. You search far and wide for an aesthetician like her, so you want to hold on to it.
5	The first time I met Evanka was 3 years ago. I was dreading getting waxed but Evanka helped me through the process. Then she decided to move out of Vegas. I was bummed. After that I went to a couple of other estheticians in town, some good, some not so good. I didn't find anyone like Evanka. Also, I am not a fan of the pain that comes with bikini waxing and don't like estheticians that are on time crunch.This year I started to ask other estheticians if they knew of her. I know that it sounds kinda like stalking, LoL. Luckily, I got a lead (yes, I sound like a detective now), telling me that she might be at another place. Putting my tech skills to work, I landed upon Wax Bunny. I was thrilled to find her again!!I can tell you that Evanka never makes me feel rushed. She doesn't try to up sell me on any products. She is a true professionals and I am so glad that she is back in town. I am a loyal customer and I tell my friends to go to her when they need an esthetician who is attentive to her client's need, minimizes pain and spends time on doing a great job!Best esthetician ever!!!
5	Great experience!  Would highly recommend to anybody in Las Vegas!
5	I found this place on groupon so I wasn't sure what to expect. Let me tell you, that was the least painful Brazilian I've ever had. The girl was professional, fast, and pleasant to talk to. I would highly recommend this place to anyone!
