5	Breakfast all day, huge menu, big bar, live music. Food is really good, well priced. Open 24/7 right on Mill Ave. This place is going to make a killing. Go check it out!
1	Wow! Colin you sure you were at SUCKER PUNCH SALLYS???? The one at Mill and University? Well I'll tell ya, I love a good diner and I was anticipating the opening of this place for a couple weeks and last night we went in for a late night dinner. (11:30pm) Well I think a menu less then the size of a sheet of notebook paper, even if it is written on both sides is far from huge. Breakfast all day? Yeah if 4 choices is all I get what the f!!!!! My girl ordered the Mac n Cheese.... Looked like it came out of the microwave and under the crusted dried out cheese on top was a bowl of watery cream! I had the meatloaf and fries with gravy... It looked like the meatloaf was cooked yesterday and fried on the grill to heat it up... The fries were crusted with salt and both the meat and the gravy were over salted... Didnt get the cornbread as advertised and my girl couldnt even eat hers. we sent hers back and I was able to get down 1 slice of the meatloaf and about 10 fries before I started to feel ill. The waiter walked by the table twice after we sent hers back and my plate hardly touched sitting in the middle of the table. When he did stop back and asked if I was done, Didnt ask if it was alright or if I wanted a box. Never saw a manager and NOBODY ever came back to check on us! I have NEVER just up and left without paying but folks..... F@#K this place!!!! Over priced, over cooked and BAD service... I dont want to hear it was late, or just opened! Your a 24 hour diner, the food should ALWAYS be hot and fresh!!!! No soups, no salads, no real selection!!! I left feeling seriously sick to my stomach. If someone would have stopped by and say sorry or what can I do, I might have decided on a second chance but you know after sitting almost TWENTY MINUTES after he took my plate with nothing INCLUDING the check!!!! Sorry... STAY AWAY!!!!
4	I'm going to have to disagree with the perturbed review below. I on the other hand, had a pretty positive experience. Everyone was super friendly, from entering the establishment to departing the place. I was approached by the owner, whom was very friendly and asked how our service was and also the entertainment manager who introduced himself and was a bit comical as well. Being that I was recovering from the weekends festivities I decided to enjoy their house energy drink, Sucker Punch that I'm now addicted to and I also had a shirley temple, I mean c'mon- when you're in a diner you gotta have one or a malt shake. I wasn't hungry so I didn't get to try the food out, but definitely look forward to going back and trying it out.To top off the whole night and really make me a happy camper would be, the acoustic performance by Aaron Lewis, singer of Staind. It was nice to enjoy the intimate performance. This is Sucker Punch's soft opening, so I know they are currently only providing a limited menu at the moment but that should be changing soon in the coming weeks, so just keep that in mind- and check it out!
5	I have been here several times now and have enjoyed all my experiences. I have had most everything on the menu and enjoyed it but I cant wait for the menu to expand. Rumor has it that a full breakfast menu is around the corner.
1	This is another case of a restaurant that opened too soon.  My co-workers and I decided to give it a shot for lunch yesterday.  It has only been open about 5 days at this point but when you are opening a new restaurant, soft launches are foolish and only serve to drive away customers from coming back. We were informed when we were seated that they wouldn't have ground beef for another 30 minutes.  Well, that ruled out the hamburgers and meatloaf leaving only a handful of items like $14 chicken plate, one of the few breakfast items, a few salads and a few appetizers.  We were woefully unimpressed with the selection and were told that they would be adding more menu items soon.  The prices in general seemed higher than I would like to see from a diner.  We're willing to give it another try but don't want to waste our time until the menu is more than a single sheet.  Can't imagine how Dave N. has been here "several times".  Have you sampled everything on the menu twice, Dave?  Collin R.'s review also feels fake and like he hasn't actually been here.
2	I'm confused by three things on this Yelp listing. One, the first reviewer said he has been there several times - the place has only been open a week. I guess it's possible to go several times in a week but unlikely, especially considering he does not mention any specifics. Two, the second reviewer said there is a huge menu. Maybe there will be eventually but right now it's very limited. Three, someone posted a picture of frybread. I did not see this on the menu. All these things are very suspicious. I'm just sayin'.Anyway, some co-workers and I went to Suckerpunch Sally's for lunch. We were excited to try a new place but in the end we left rather underwhelmed. The menu is limited right now - a few breakfast options, a couple burgers and a few entrees.  None of us were blown away by the food.I got eggs, bacon, hashbrowns and a biscuit.  I will say the eggs were very good. Very creamy and tasty. The hasbrowns were a little on the greasy side but decent. The biscuit was pretty good and the bacon was average.Friend 1 got an omelet and felt it was very small. She was still hungry when we left.Friend 2 got the build your own mac and cheese. Cool concept but the portion was small and the sauce was runny.Friend 3 got a burger. The bun was gigantic and stale. The fries were tired crinkle-cut. He wished he would have gone to Five Guys instead.Overall the food wasn't horrible but it wasn't anything that would make us want to go back. The only reason I might check it out again is to try their pie. They are going to have to really step it up if they want to stay in business.
1	I've not been making good choices lately about where to dine. I have been dying to go to Sucker Punch since they announced the resturant. I figured the location would be great and the old Ruby Tuesday's would be a clean slate for them to build a really cool restaurant out of. Boy, was I wrong. Having been in that Ruby Tuesday before, it was obvious they put a coat of paint on it, recovered the booths, and put a minimal amount of their own very repetitive art. Suffice to say, the restaurant looks like shit. It's not cool and divey like a diner should be, and it's not pretty and upscale either, it's just like someone put lipstick on a pig and called it a day. I was actually almost at the point of wanting to walk out. The way they decorated this place and the lack of effort to build out the restaurant screamed that my meal was going to be terrible.I ordered the Denver Omelette and my girlfriend ordered a cheeseburger. We both commented on the lack of selection on the menu. You can have either traditional breakfasts, omeletts, burgers, or three different entrees. I think I counted 11 selections on the menu. The food here is TERRIBLE.My omelette was a big soaking pile of grease, with terrible quality ingredients. I swear this is true.... I've had better omeletts at IHOP and Denny's. The hash browns were average to good, but then again they were hash browns. Biscuits, terrible, and they didn't bring me honey or butter or anything. The burger looked very bad too. The shape of the burger was about 2 inches tall and 3 inches wide. There was so much bun outside of the burger. It just was not made properly. They definitely fucked up something as easy as a hamburger ordered medium that was dry as a bone and a gross dark gray color.Our server was nice, and that's about the only saving grace, but she was terribly inexperienced and didn't properly bring our meal, condiments, or drinks. I understand this place just opened, but the inside of the restaurant is an absolute joke and the menu is bad. I don't think those are two things that are going to just improve over time. The service and food quality both can improve, but they will have to a lot in order for it to survive, because right now this place is an abortion.
4	It has been a while since I was impressed with food at any restaurant. And this place impressed me, which is saying something right there. Sucker Punch Sally's Diner off of Mill and University is open 24/7 that you can order breakfast, lunch, or dinner any time you want. EVERYTHING is made in house (that includes the pies and they're pretty darn good too). I happened to wander in there at around 7am. I loved the relaxed atmosphere but, like I said before, their food is what will get me talking. Since Sally's is still on their soft opening phase, they do not have their full menu yet BUT you can ask for things off the menu too and they'll make it for you as long as they have the ingredients. A friend of mine ordered a waffle that had FRESH cut strawberries and homemade whipped cream w/ his favorite eggs and bacon on the side. He said that he could tell the difference in the quality of the waffle right away and loved it. I ordered the Greek style omelet which was jam-packed with spinach, Greek olives, onions, and feta cheese and everything was packed in a thin layer of eggs like a crepe. I personally have never liked omelet's too much because restaurants always seem to give you more eggs than filling. It was practically the same way that I make it at home, just minus me slaving in my kitchen to make everything the way I like it. A homemade biscuit came with my meal and it was enough to make me want to ask for biscuits and gravy the next time I wander in there. To say the very least, the food was so good. EVERYONE needs to go there. It was amazing.
4	So the hubby and I were driving around yesterday looking for something to eat and we decided to try something new since we eat out so much all of the usual suspects were getting boring.  We decided to try Sucker Punch Sally's since we had driven by there recently and saw that they were open.  Before I start, I would just like to say DO NOT try to park at the Jack in the Box next door thinking you can get away with it because my car was towed while I was sitting in Sally's waiting on my food, and it rolled right past me on the back of a tow truck, but that's another story...Anyway, they told us the menu was limited because it was a soft opening, but they had several tasty sounding selections to choose from.  I decided on the Navajo Taco.  It was huge and delicious!  It also came with some homeade potato chips that they made fresh.  They were still hot and they were seasoned with some sort of sweet-salty mix.  Soooo good!  I couldn't stop eating them.  My husband got the carnivore omelet, which I thought was very good as well.  It was made with maple flavored sausage, which I love, but my husband says he liked it at first, but after awhile he got tired of the sweetness.  His also came with a freshly made biscuit that was soft and fluffy!  I can't wait to go back to try the full menu!  Everything I had was definitely tasty!
1	Umm...W-T-F?!??!!!Came here to grab some food and a drink. First of all, the place was dead and the decor/vision of the place seems all over the place. But whatever. We seat ourselves.After about 15 minutes the server comes over and asked what we wanted to drink. And then tosses some menus on the table, while saying: "Sorry guys, we just opened. We don't have a fucking clue what's going on". Fine. Beers arrive. The menu did not look impressive. At all. I ordered fries and gravy. Not much you can mess up there right? WRONG. How about salt-less stale fries and gravy that tastes as if it crawled out of a can.But this gets better...Server: Omg, did you guys see that guy?Me: What guy?Server: The one that was just arrested outside?Me: Excuse me?!?Server: Oh yeah! It was crazy...he walked in here with his penis hanging out.Me: WHAT?????????Server: Yeah, it was just hanging out.Me: Ummm...check please.Bad food? Overpriced beer? And crazies? No thanks.
5	Phoenix, we need to seriously recognize that we have a great thing going here and exploit it.  We're humbly cool, our best restaurant is a pizza place, we're a tough crowd who has a artistic bent, we need to celebrate that.  Sucker Punch Sally's does.  So does the Roosevelt, Four Peaks, Fez, Stinkweeds, Hoodlums, Cowtown, Sunset Clothing, Frances, Honey Bears, Queen's Pizza, Lux, Pita Jungle...If you haven't gleaned, I love this place.  I don't know the owners, they might not like me, as I'm a bit square, but I'm so happy they are taking this risk.  The use the Rockabilly motif and rock it out in spades.Menu is standard diner fare, but with a twist.  They aren't running their full menu yet, smart move for a business getting on its feet in this economy, but what they are offering is good dinner food.The three of us had a great time there.  $3 16oz Pabst, great loose meet sandwich and the homemade BBQ chips that came with it.  Had a bite of the Navajo Taco and the Pork Tenderloin sandwich, both very good and huge portions.  The rest of the menu is great too, chilli fries, wings (try the Sally's sauce), milkshakes and (thank the lord) affordable breakfast served all day.They also have a full bar and soda fountain.  And they have a stage for live music.  And they are open 24 hours.  You know what else is open 24 hours in Phoenix?  F'ing McDisgustings and a bunch of crap Mex places.  Love Phoenix or Leave Phoenix (or make it somewhere you can love)
5	This place is a very welcome non-corporate-chain restaurant on Mill. My friend and I went for a late breakfast today (Sunday), and it was great. I had the omelet with home-made chorizo, which needed salt, but was otherwise delicious, and the price was reasonable. The sweet Navajo fry bread was awesome. All the ingredients seemed fresh and good quality, and the coffee's better than at your average diner, too. I think this place is going to be a new stand-by near campus... They have wifi, and they're open 24 hours. Can't beat that.We didn't have any service issues like those mentioned by other reviewers here... Our waitress was great. They're probably just hitting their stride as a new place. I think they're owned by a local bike building shop who've decided to get into the restaurant biz (website: http://www.suckerpunchsallys.com/ )--go figure. But hey, it's awesome that it's a local company, and kudos to them for going for it in spite of the crappy economy.  And I bet they'll do really well with the 2am weekend crowd. Sucker Punch is definitely worth checking out, especially for breakfast.
1	My husband and I came to town to visit with some friends and we decided to try the diner. I decided that with all the up and down reviews it would probably be a fine enough place. We were greeted at the door by a very friendly gentleman who welcomed us in. It was about 1:30 in the afternoon and not very busy. That was the last of friendliness we experienced. It took about 15 minutes to be "greeted" by our server. She took our drink order and left menus. After another 10 minutes our drinks came and we placed our order. I thought that so far, we had been waiting a long time and I was starting to fear the worst of the reviews creeping back into my mind.... My husband and I ordered the meatloaf with fries and a side of gravy. My friend ordered the mac and cheese and her husband a burger with extra cheese and bacon and gravy fries. Both orders of meatloaf looked very dry even with the gravy on top, the side of gravy didn't come out with meal, the mac and cheese was runny like it wasn't cooked enough or hastily thrown together. The burger was looking good but if one piece of cheese is extra cheese....... When we asked for our side of gravy and my friends husband asked about the extra cheese.... I felt like we were asking for our meal for free..... Overall..... The best experience we had was at the door by the gentleman who greeted us... The meatloaf was mediocre at best and the gravy a congealed mess and salty along with our alleged "fresh cut" fries.... The mac and cheese was not good at all according to my friend but her husband said the burger was good and the pickle that came with it was nice and crunchy. I do think that the service staff could be better and more friendly. They were very chatty amongst themselves while the ice was melting in our drink glasses and God forbid you question what you were getting. I think we will have to pass on this place the next time for sure. Save your money too and to the gentleman who greeted us so nicely at the door, thank you! To bad the rest of the staff couldn't be more like you....
1	Went to the door and was seated by security guard. He only had one menu and said he would try to find another. He did shortly after. Very limited menu!! Waited about 10 minutes before any waitress came by to take drink orders. Another 5 before she came back with drinks and took food order. Ordered a waffle. Was supposed to come with fresh strawberries and whipped cream as well as a side of hash browns and an english muffin. I got a cold dry waffle with nothing on top of it, a piece of frozen butter that wouldn't melt on a cold waffle and cold syrup. Then I had to ask for the rest of my food from the runner. Brought me uncooked breakfast potatoes (i ordered hash browns) and an untoasted english muffin. My wife ordered a breakfast burrito that was supposed to be egg, cheese, guacamole, sour cream and salsa. got a egg and cheese burrito, some raw potatoes, and an untoasted english muffin. Waitress never came around to ask how food was or bring any drink refills. Other 3 tables around me all had problems too.I don't know what was worse, the "service" that was nonexistent or the uncooked and/or raw food. I will never go back for food. I would give 1/2 star if it were an option. If this place doesn't step up it will be closed in no time
1	A breakfast spot on Mill? Hurray! I was so excited when Sucker Punch Sally's opened, I work on Mill and there has not been a "hot" breakfast spot within walking distance in years. By "hot" I mean something other than donuts and bagels. I looked them up online and was confused when the website listed was for a bike shop.. Hmm ok so I can't order ahead. I walked over and placed an order to go. The staff was very friendly, and explained that the owner also owns a bike shop (old school choppers and such) in Scottsdale. They should have the website update soon yadayada.I ordered a Denver omelet with hashbrowns, walked back to work and opened up the box. I should mention that it was about 10am and I was starving. I would have ate just about anything at that point, or so I thought. I opened up my box and looked down in disgust. Before me was an undercooked omelet (see picture) so undercooked that there was a puddle of yolk/water in the box, and to go with it was a side of freezer burned, undercooked hash browns. The hash browns were browned on the top but raw and soggy underneath. I was so disappointed, I tried choking it down but my taste buds revolted and I had to throw it away. It's interesting  to see 5 star reviews for this place. Lower standards perhaps? Or maybe I just had a bad experience? I doubt that as  there have been 4 other people I work with that have been over there and all had bad experiences. 1 star for getting  the name right, after that breakfast I felt "Sucker Punched".
5	My new favorite Breakfast place near my new digs in Tempe, Suckerpunch Sally's serves up awesome REAL food with rockabilly flare!I've gone twice since their weeks long "soft opening", Sally's is open 24-7 for all your eating, drinking, and dancing needs. I have yet to experienct the later two ammenities but I am WAY impressed with their well stocked bar.This non-chain (yay) serves some awesome breakfast. My first visit featured a two eggs done over hard with bacon and hash browns. along with french toast and a side of english muffins. The entire meal was awesome! I loved it! perfect bacon, great eggs, perfection!!! The second time I went, I got the hash and eggs. The ONLY blip was that it had onions in it, but I guess that's standard for REAL hash and not the cat food-like hash from a can I grew up on! lol... Even though I hate onions, it was so good that I kept picking at it (avoiding the onions!). I  ordered some sausage to make up for the hash, the sausahge tasted freezer burnt. I didn't like it. The flavor was good, but it wasn't stored correctly which is why it tasted burnt. In spite of these lil bumps in the road, I still really really like this place. I don't know if its because the menu boasts so much diner comfort food at decent prices (especially for Mill Ave) or the fact that its decor is so rad with its rockabilly vibe that is like the 1950s on acid! I love the tin roof and the silver glitter booths! oh.. and they have FRYBREAD!! I haven't tried it yet, but I'm seriously looking forward to it!
1	I just dined at this restaurant and can say without exaggeration that it's the worst food and service that I've had in years. With a party of six diners, we ordered a round of food after the bars had closed. Our choices were a cross-cut of the menu--wings, a burger, a chorizo burrito, a navajo taco, an omelette and an egg sandwich. Our order took about 40 minutes to come out and not all of it was there. Extra bacon ordered did not come out until our food was consumed. The extras that come with breakfast (toast, etc.) never came out after repeatedly asking for them. The waitress was unapologetic.The food itself was lackluster at best and inedible at worst. Please don't eat at this restaurant--you will be disappointed. Go to the IHOP on Apache or go home. You'll be better served.
5	Ate here for like around the tenth time yesterday at midnight and it is as good as it ever was.  This is still the soft opening menu, but they are getting it right and making it righter.  Had the Mac and Cheese, friends had the burger, the chorizo omlette, the spicy Benedict, all were good.  The stand out is the apple pie, home made, huge and wonderful.Service was good, real sweetheart and it made for a great night with a big group of friends.Eggs to go? Why would you do such a thing?
4	I've been here five times for breakfast now, and Sally has yet to disappoint.  The lunch / dinner menu is all comfort, but looks solid as well.  Nice little stage setup by the bar for acoustic sets they host during the weekends.  I'm a fan!
3	Again, I want to LOVE all thing Mill Ave., but this was my second time to Sucker Punch Sally's and I'm still not thrilled by the food. However, I do give them full credit for being local and bringing a unique business back to Mill Ave. so major props for that.They are STILL on a temporary menu (they had an even smaller menu a month ago) and perhaps I am ordering the wrong things from the lunch side - but everything has just been OK. I'm hoping this too is temporary.I do love that they are open 24 hours for the bar/college crowd - maybe next time I need to dine there after a night of partying and order breakfast??Until then, I will choose someplace else for lunch or breakfast. But I'm not giving up, I'll give them another shot in a few months once the full menu has been released and they've had more time to perfect their menu and style!
5	OK, so, I'm finding it hard to it hard to be objective about a 24/7 diner/bar opening directly across the street from where I work because that's kind of my nirvana, but I'll give it my best shot.FOOD: I've been there now 5 times in, what is it, like...3 weeks. Every time the food has been excellent. Excellent burger - good to finally find a non-pretentious restaurant that knows to get a great burger you have to use beef and pork. They passed the over-easy egg test with flying colors and got extra credit for perfect hash browns. The pancakes were great with my only criticism being that no one in the world can eat three pancakes that are all 3/4" thick and the size of a dinner plate. Only less-than-stellar food experience was with the Midwest Loose-Meat Sandwich, which I ordered mostly due to a curiosity about the name and which turned out to be a little underseasoned and a lot soggy. Maybe that's just how you crazy Midwesterners like your meat.DESSERT: Yes, dessert at Sucker Punch Sally's does deserve its own category. Three words: Secret. Pie. Menu. They apparently have hired someone solely to do pie R&D. Priorities firmly aligned here, captain. I've had the key lime and the apple in addition to the Navajo fry bread and each was excellent.DRINKS: Full bar. I love places you can transition from last call to breakfast without having to get up and stumble around. My only real complaint with SPS, however, is that they need to improve their draft beer selection - the only decent, non-corporate brand on offer here is 90 Shilling, which is a good start. I heartily suggest to them a coffee stout, which they should then have a last-call special for to ease the breakfast transition.ATMOSPHERE: The actual physical decor seems very much in-progress, with stuff just tacked up anywhere, but I get the feeling that will improve with time. The classic Gretsch guitar collection is definitely a step in the right direction. Apparently the place is kind of a side project for a Scottsdale motorcycle shop, and that shows.  I hope it will be carried throughout.SERVICE: Good to great and certainly a lot of character. I almost wanted more attitude out of a couple of servers. Anyone bussing tables with full-sleeve tattoos should be allowed to be a little bit gruff or a smart-ass. If you want flare-covered snivelers who want to be your best friend in the whole, wide world, go to some stupid chain food-replication unit. 24/7 diner with great food and a full bar, fast wireless, cool people, decent playlist and an amazing location. If it had a jukebox and a dartboard I would live there.
4	This place is pretty darn cool. I envisioned just a regular diner like Waffle House or Eat-Rite Diner (fellow St. Louisans would know), but it was much more. I loved the bar area. Alcohol in a diner is cool. Normally I go to a diner after drinking, but sometimes you want more. Or you can start your night there and stay...whatever. I loved the decor. Old school Bettie Page rockabilly style was cool. It reminded me of my sister, who I hope will come visit me soon. I really want to show her this place. Anyway, I went into Sucker Punch Sally's for breakfast. I wanted an omelet, but the menu items didn't interest me. They let me build my own and it was very good. My hash browns were YUMMY as well!! I will be back. Maybe next time it will be for drinks and dinner :)
3	We were excited when this place opened: a diner with a moto-theme! How cool! What a great place to have motorcycle meet-ups. Our motorcycle group was pretty pleased with the idea of making this a somewhat regular dinner gathering spot. Not having parking close to the restaurant is a bummer. The service was good the first couple of times we went and the food was hot and tasty.But this last time we went, the food took forever to get to us and half of it was cold. The grits were soupy (ew). The manager and waiter made up for it, but it put a damper on our enthusiasm for the place. So, Sucker Punch Sally's, maybe we'll give it another shot... in a month or so.
5	So far I've only been to Sally's for the breakfast (but to be fair it was afternoon by the time I made it there) but I really enjoyed it. My waitress was super nice and attentive. The food was exactly what you want it to be - I mean don't come here if you want some fancy breakfast. This is diner food, and GOOD diner food. I had eggs, hashbrowns, toast, bacon and a pancake and it was greasy, fatty, buttered and everything that's so bad for you but tastes too good to pass up.Parking wasn't a problem for me because I work on Mill so I have a parking pass but I could see that bumming other people out.I think this is exactly what we needed on Mill and the fact that it's open 24-7 only makes it more convenient.
5	OMG. I had low expectations of this place walking in. I had never heard of it and there were not many people there, but seriously, this place was great!!The milkshakes were awesome. We each had a different kind, I ordered the peanut butter. It was VERY peanut buttery and creamy and good!For my....dinner I guess (it was 2am, what is that, my 4th meal?) I had the mac and cheese which came highly recommended. I added tomato, ham and green chile. That was seriously the best mac and cheese EVER (sorry Grandma). It was good enough that I have thought about it every day since. Day dreaming of endless lakes pools and clouds of nothing but mac and cheese. Everyone else seemed to enjoy their meals as much as I did. The Navajo taco and carnivore burrito were big hits with my friends.I can't wait to go back.!
3	I have to admit I've been to better diners but this one is fine with me. Altho it's not cheap like Jerry's I like this place because of milkshake selection, they have the usual flavors, strawberry, choco, vanilla, but they also have peanut butter. The only other place that I've had a peanut butter shake was at this diner in Carlsbad, CA. So they get a star for that! Service can be slow. and the booths quite small. They didn't really change the layout when Ruby Tuesday's left the space and they just glamorized it with rock n roll accessories. Nothin special. I've ordered two items on the menu, the grilled cheese and their ham, sausage, bacon, egg burrito. Both were alright, nothing special, something to satisfy those after bar cravings, and sober you up for the drive home. the peanut butter shake is good tho, not too peanut buttery and not too sweet, just right.Umm... for Sucker Punch staff but I think you should hide that note by your cashier station that says, "sell 5 desserts, get a free meal". It's great and all that you're encouraging your staff with incentives but as a customer, knowing that policy... I really wouldn't care to know. It's just something you cannot avoid seeing since it's by the entrance. Oh and what's with the corner booth that no patrons can sit in? I think it's a great corner but it's a turn off when I'm told that I cannot have the choice to sit there because it's the manager's discretion... i can always bring my business elsewhere. So I give this place 3 stars for the overall business hours since it's a 24 hour joint, has peanut butter shakes and alright food. At least it's better than IHOP on Apache foodwise.
3	I finally made it to this spot we've passed over because of the mixed reviews. The place looks pretty good slightly nostalgic with guitars, motorcycle parts, and old articles on the tables. There was only one customer when we arrived the server was delivering food then quickly came over to seat us. We ordered coffee and received it right away. I forgot to indicate that I wanted decaf and the server said she just brewed some and brought it back right away. I ordered the two egg, hashbrowns, bacon and english muffin. My gf ordered the chorizo but meant hash. I just thought she changed her mind but when the food came out she was like, "I ordered the hash." I said you were still sleeping because you told her chorizo. Any way we asked for a side of hash and didn't mind paying extra because it was our error. The hash came out quickly and we began to dig in. Hash browns were good and crunchy but mushy in the middle. Eggs and muffin were perfect. The bacon was thick and pretty good. The chorizo was just as I expected..fair at best. The hash was not the typical but rather sliced but was rather tasty. It was like their home fries (peppers, onion and spices) mixed with corned beef. Overall the place was alright unlike the many reviews I read beforehand. I should know better than to write or read a review after hours!
2	Not the WORST place, but nowhere NEAR the best place, I've ever been.Went in, back in January, for a dinner around 9:30, on a rainy night with my beau. It took 15 minutes for our waitress to stop, acknowledge our existence, and take our drink order. By that time, we had decided our food order, and gave her that, too. Another 10 minutes later, we received our beverages. another 25 minutes later, we received our order, and my chili cheese fries were decidedly bland, while his hamburger was worse than McDonalds. Minus that his regular fries were actually good.I'm pretty sure that will be my only experience at SPS's. The decorations were pretty awesome though.
3	Location Is excellent. Open 24 hours is a great thing for us tempenians who are sick of Gus's pizza and filibertos. Food is good too. One thing that turned me off from giving this 4 stars was this a-hole guy working there. Has a long white beard thing. Anyway I'll probably go back until a great Greek place opens up that is 24 hours
3	Sucker Punch Sally's is a nice place to grab breakfast on Mill.  The prices are alright and their hashbrowns are made the way I likes 'em.  Usually people serve up this mash of whatever-the-fuck but here, they grate the potatoes and serve them crispy.  The way I likes 'em.I'm sort of burnt out on places with a 50's motif, but whatever.  I like the colors.  It's kind of cozy.One thing that bothers me:  The name "Sucker Punch Sally's" sounds like something disgusting you'd head about in high school.  You never heard of a sucker punch sally?  It's when a girl....Nah, but as a whole, it's a cool alternative to have in Tempe.  Read my review on Harlow's.  I like Harlow's, but I always get diarrhea.  IHOP is full of olds and I don't particularly enjoy pancakes.  They hit the bottom of my gut with the gravitational force of Jupiter.  Now we've got Sucker Punch and it's pretty chill.
3	Went again... this time I went with a few more people, Event #1, Beckita and I went and spent HOURS there... uhhh... NOT because it was such an awesome place we couldn't be pulled away.... but because the service was so SLOW that it took forever and a year for us to get our food. We arrived at 9 on sunday and didn't leave until MIDNIGHT!! yeah... and we left as soon as we finished the last bite. She had the fried chicken which was fresh and crispy with cole slaw which was really a lightly dressed salad and mac n cheese which had a nice kick of chili which made all the difference in the world! I had serious food envy. I had the Navajo Fry Bread... Okay... Can we talk? Okay, now I KNOW that chances are... there's not some Navajo grandmother in the back mixing dough or flapping away over a hot lard filled cast iron skillet. I KNOW this... so I shouldn'e expect much... but I still hoped it would be edible... alas my dear Yelpers... it was... unexpected. i mean, it was good and awful at the same time!! How so? Well the bread was tough, I can tell that it was cooked in low heat and that the dough was possibly stored while frozen. This bread does some diservice to Navajos. (but they can be taken down a peg or two) and yet... the toppings, the green chili spicy ground beef, the crisp and fresh lettuce, the finely shredded jack chese and that AWESOME salsa verde was ah-mazing!! That was the best salsa verde I've ever had! If I could, I would totally take a frybread from the Frybread House and take the toppings from SPS and create the best Indian Taco EVER!! I think SPS needs to get out of the frybread business and place their green chili beef, lettuce and cheese on some tortilla chips and call it Nachos!On my most recent visit, I had the waffle, it was yummy... I would have liked to be cooked a lil more, but I like my waffles extra crispy. To my yelpers, I say: if its late late at night and you MUST eat somewhere and are on Mill, give this place a go. and if you order the Navajo Taco, don't be surprised if you find yourself eating nothing but the topping and leaving the bread behind. I did. Also, have a LOT of time as service is very sketchy and pretty slow... even late at night with only two tables filled.
3	Finally tried Sucker Punch Sally's today and I think it has promise.  They are still on the small opening menu so the lunch choices were limited but I had the pork tenderloin sandwich and must say I was impressed.  Obviously made in house and not frozen, nice sized portion and very tasty, almost like a German schnitzel.  The fries were so-so, I don't care much for fresh cut fries as they are usually limp like these were.  Will definitely give them another try for breakfast and when they get the full menu going in a few weeks.  Nice vibe and the waitress was very friendly.  If you live in the area and have been thinking about it, give them a try.
2	My picks:Belgian WafflesFrench ToastBreakfast PotatoesAny of the piesI love anyplace that serves breakfast 24 hours a day.  But I have been here a couple of times and something is just off.  I wish they would pay more attention to the small details (hint your plates slide off your tables, , your women's restroom needs a facelift, and never never never give our menus where you used a sharpie to scratch off menu items that didn't make the cut.)
3	I'm sorry Josh P., I should have updated sooner.  The excellence you may read in my previous reviews has been short lived.  The two stars I am subtracting here are entirely for their food (sans pie).  The service is still good, the idea behind it is still awesome, this place still is a great addition to Mill, but I won't eat a meal here again.I like SPS a lot.  They bring in great music, have awesome art and a very cool staff.  They fell victim to a deal with Hensley early on, giving them a pretty crap tap selection, but they are doing their best to get good beer in the house.  Any place that features tall boys of PBR has a special nostalgia in my heart.The problem is that I haven't had a good meal there since my first.  I have tried many things on their menu, from oddly spiced chili fries, to confused and soggy salad, to huevos which are almost inedible.  I do like the pancakes, but that is pretty tough to screw up.They advertise their food on their fb page and all of the new menu hasn't looked good.  I like the ideas behind it, but evey photo and video has showed food that doesn't look appealing.  I will try again in  6 months.
3	We went for pie.  The apple pie was good as far as the filling went--nice and spicy.  But the crust was so big it wasnt cooked thru, I didnt eat it.  The portion--enough for three people--not a good thing for me, but some might like it.  The key lime was good and a bigger portion than other places serve.  Overall, not the best pie ever, the quest continues for great pie.  Service was slow, waitress was nice.
1	When you have the corner restaurant on Mill and University, you better bring it.  With that being said, I think this place has a long way to go and I think it's going to close down before that time comes.It's a great concept.  I can imagine it being a decent place for a night life.  I wasn't there for that.  I was there at noon on a Monday.  Bad idea?My wife, mom and I ordered the cheese burger.  How can you go wrong?  My wife went to order it medium rare and got a disclaimer from the nice but incredibly forgetful waitress (I'll get to that later) that medium rare is very rare here.  She talked her into ordering it medium.  I still stuck with medium rare.  My burger came out like a hockey puck while my mom and wife's came out medium well.  I sent mine back.  My dad ordered biscuits and gravy, they looked good but my dad felt like the gravy came out of a can.The waitress was a nice girl.  I can imagine working there she might get a lot of stuck up and rude clientele.  What I don't understand is she would suggest something, we'd get it and then she'd forget it.  Eg: side salad for my wife, order of fries for my dad, swiss on my moms burger.  All were forgotten and brought out when reminded.  There were maybe 2 other tables there and 2 waitresses on duty.  She wrote everything down.  I guess she had a long weekend.  Good thing her personality kept her from getting a full tip.Bottom line, this food is terrible.  The service is terrible.  This place has nothing going on for itself.  From reading Daniel R's review, I can see that this place may redeem itself in a nightlife situation but I'll never find out for myself.
3	My strategy here is to ask the server what their favorite thing is, or what they recommend. I usually go with the first or second thing they say. My experience choosing for myself has been horrible-- a frybread "taco" the size of a small child filled with the blandest beans/lettuce/tomato possible, and one other dish I repressed the memory of. Their chocolate shake, meatloaf, and mac-n-cheese, however, was fine when ordered as the server suggested (each ingredient by itself would be pretty tasteless, so usually this involves all the fixins.) There are also items apparently not on the menu. One recurring problem also seems to be excess salt.For late night service, though, I *think* it's better than Denny's...
1	could be the worst cheeseburger I've ever had.  asked the waitress (who was great) about the meat, which was tough and oddly spiced.  even she agreed it was a "different"   will go back, but to drink, def not to eat.  if you want a good cheeseburger, the Chuckbox is about 100 yrds down University
5	Sucker Punch Sallys really come through with great food and excellent drinks.  The staff were all very attentive, professional, and just cool. The place has a very welcome rockibillty vibe and excellent food. I HIGHLY recomend the Corned Beef sandwhich, which I am going to go ahead and proclain Corned Beed at Sucker Punch Sally's (SPS) to be the best in Tempe, even better then my beloved Chompies. The bar is stocked with a full line of deliciousness, this combined with the great food has bumped SPS up to be my new favorite bar on mill.
3	So I do love the style of this place, the booths are really cool. I always like the 50's dinner thing. I think the prices for the food here are reasonable. I ordered the eggs benidict with jalopeno hollandaise sauce $6.99. I thought it was so good I almost ordered a second round. The hash browns are freakin awsome and actually bown and crispy not greasy and mushy. My girlfriend got the fry bread dessert. I tried it and  It was very disapointing for me she only had a few bites. My standerds for frybread are high cause I have a killer recipe. We meet our friends there and one got the build it your way mac n cheese. She got tomatoes and green chillies. She shared and i thought it was good with the green chilies but I would pass on the tomato but she loved it. Her Husband got a burger. The burgers here are $10. Everywhere you go a burger is now $10. It was big and looked very tasty. The drink prices could be $1or 2 less per drink but your on mill so its expected I guess. They did have $2 bud bottels for happy our.  The reason for 3 stars and not 4 is cause the fry bread was disapointing and our waitress was good but once the food was served  she did not come back to refill my drink for a while and thats when i really needed a drink, and they were not busy at this point. All in all I liked it and will be back for sure. The waiters and waitresses all were tattooed and had really cool Sucker Punch Sallys shirts. I want one of those shirts. Its a cool dinner with a bar. Check out the pies they m,ake herefresh daily. They are huge and look great. Ill get it next time.
3	I suspect Sucker Punch Sally's really shines at 2 AM after a night of cocktails. But it is totally acceptable for dinner, too. My order was good, it arrived quickly, wasn't cold and had these chips which are actually homemade potato chips with lots of salt, spice and just a hint of sweet. They were kinda like sweet potato fries in flavor except they where plain old Idahos. I recommend the chips rather than fries. The best part of my meal was the key lime pie. I should have eaten that first; the piece was huge and really good. My friend had the fry bread for desert which he didn't like. I didn't try it because it didn't smell good to me, not like it was bad just unappetizing. The waitress claimed there were healthy menu choices somewhere but they were very well camouflaged with cheese and grease. Good thing because we weren't there for salad.
3	So I was walking by, and decided to try it on-the-fly (having never checked on Yelp previously).Upon entry, it wasn't too crowded, yet it was also about 2 pm in the afternoon, so I wasn't necessarily expecting it to be teeming with people. The hostess and wait-staff were nice. They had a long row of booths located against a long row of windows facing the sidewalk, so I asked for a booth, and was seated at one, where I was happy to give my legs a stretch. This - I liked. The decor was in diner-style, and if I remember correctly, it also looked like they had a good size bar, yet it was located off to the side of the dining room. The bar area was done in really dark, old fashioned wood, and it looked deserted - so I'm not sure if they were just closed and/or not serving, or if it was just during their slow period, but considering that it looked like it took up half of their space - i'd reconsider redesigning their bar layout/decor so that the bar just looks a little bit more integrated with the regular seating area. Seeing that darker, emptier space off of the dining room just separates/isolates itself even more, and perhaps they should redesign that part of it to look like a soda fountain or something - it's just that I saw other eateries/bars along Mill Ave, and they were just chock-full of students (even in the afternoon). I ordered a chorizo burrito with extra avocado. It was a pretty good size, and the tortilla tasted fresh, and so did the eggs. It came with sour cream and salsa, and they gave me half an avocado, which I greatly appreciated - most places can skimp on this!Everything about the burrito was pretty right-on - except for the "chorizo". I've tasted better, and though not absolutely horrible, it may have been overcooked, dry, or perhaps leftover. It tasted more like Italian sausage, and it was kind of chunky rather than having that smoother ground meat texture that chorizo usually has. A suggestion might be to cook it *with* the egg, and/or cook it *with* some potato before putting the burrito together. it kind of needed a "glue" (as if it was missing some sort of ingredient!). Had it not been for my skepticism, though, I actually would've given this place 4-stars. Upon seeing their profile here and writing this, I can honestly say that I've never gone to a restaurant that's not even rated with 3-stars on Yelp.
1	It's closed. For the entire summer. They're claiming renovations, but that is way lame.
1	I was really excited when this place finally opened. I decided to go there for post-drinks munchies on my birthday, since it's open 24 hours.Some of my friends opted for breakfast, and my boyfriend and I opted to split some buffalo wings and a burger.The breakfasts looked dreadful, eggs looking up from their plates all sad and pale... and it seemed like every side order came quite a while later.My boyfriend absolutely love buffalo wings. I mean LOVES buffalo wings. He love them so much he once drank the leftover wing sauce from a take-out container (much to the chagrin of his stomach). So we thought we were in for a late-night treat... The wings came out with no sign of sauce, not even a light coating. We were hungry so we tried them anyways. I don't know how they did it, but somehow the wings were both charred and slightly undercooked. Whatever kind of "spice" they used on them was burnt beyond recognition. And again, NO SAUCE!I think that my burger was more salt than burger. (I've heard rumors that terrorists have been sneaking into American kitchens and pouring salt in the food to kill us slowly, so maybe Sally's is a victim?) I've eaten terrible burgers, even ones at Applebees, but this one was absolutely inedible - even in my slightly inebriated state.My roommate ordered the Navajo Taco, but that soggy, bland excuse for the real thing was also too horrible to eat. I hope that Sally's Navajo Taco meets up with a State Fair Navajo taco in a dark alley in South Phoenix...I hope that after their summer vacation, Sally's hires new kitchen staff - right now I would only recommend it to people I hate.
1	The owner Christian Clayton is three business days behind (5 total days) as of 6/14 and counting on paying the bulk of his employees. He owes me personally, close to 100 hours. We will be going downtown to the labor department to file a wage claim tomorrow. This post is to let the general public know what kind of business you will be supporting in September.  Please call his other business Sucker Punch Sally's Old School Chopper Spot at 480-778-9500 to voice any dismay or concern for average people who are being kicked out on the street.
1	pretty sure I called this one! It's really a sad thing the employees were not paid, there is no excuse for that. Please read the other reviews and boycott the owners other businesses.
4	My family loves this place. The food is amazing and you can pretty much create anything you want if you order it right.Mac and cheese w/feta cheese spinach and olives? YES PLEASEAlso their loosemeat sandwiches are to DIE for. I never thought I'd find one here in Arizona!The staff is always very friendly. Bar is a little pricey but that's to be expected.I've never gone and had it be too busy and my family says they have the best pies around (I don't like sweet stuff).I hear theres a lot of drama going on about the owner and his employees. Hopefully they get that all fixed up because the food is amazing and it would be a shame to lose this restaurant.
3	Sally's is a place to chase the evening after last call. They are heads and tails above any other option in the area for late night eats (everything other than fast food basically closes around 12). The decor in Sally's is pretty bitchin': motorcycle memorabilia, 50's and 60's knick knacks, classic guitars, tatt'd guys and dolls serving and just a general veneer of rockabilly tinged throughout.Personally Sally's isnt about the food so much as a gathering spot, a rallying point to fortify yourself w/ a snack and hours of convo until the eyelids are just too heavy to stay open and the booze no longer seems appealing.The servers at SPS are generally very friendly.The booths are big and comfy. And the ice! oh the ice is sooo awesome! i love it, it's a weird thing to rave about but i have never had ice like that outside of a snow cone really lol!All in all i like sally's, but it's nothing to write home about, just a decent place to stay up late.if only you could smoke inside, i'd bump my rating up to 5 stars, but thats not really for them to decide i suppose..
