4	This is another Victor Fuentes establishment, the family that owns the El Toro restaurants in Champaign County.  It opened in early October, 2009.  I had lunch on a weekday.  The Cubano sandwich with home-cooked chips, and a quinoa & lentil salad.  $6 for the Cubano, and $6 for the salad.  Both arrived at the same moment, both were attractively presented and tasted great.  Right now tapas are only offered in the evening, but the plan is to offer a few at lunch soon.In the style of Fuentes restaurants, too many flat screen televisions are detracting from the beautiful decor.The host brought a complimentary sample of artichoke and goat cheese soup that was wonderful.  I asked the waitress which of two salads she thought I might enjoy more and to my disappointment she said she had not tried either of them.  They need to make sure all waitstaff has sampled all food on the menu.The decor is very nice and this restaurant is a nice compliment to the Siam Terrace, the neighbor to the east.  Together they make Urbana's version of a restaurant district.
2	I found V. Picasso ultimately very disappointing.  They've worked hard on the place, and the decor is lovely, albeit a bit-Vegasesque.  However, the tapas themselves are lackluster, and while certain ones have promise, others were incredibly disappointing.  The Spanish ham, machengo and olive tapa was not only more minuscule than one would expect (two pieces of ham?  Tapas does not include simply obtaining nothing but air).  The tortilla with chorizo was simultaneously bland and a bit chewy.  I've enjoyed many a Spanish tortilla, and this one just felt under flavored and overvalued.  The sangria was also incredibly underwhelming.  We were offered a sample of each, red and white, to try.  White seems the best, but the actual pitcher we obtained was filled with the sharp taste of excessive lemon rind and generally unpleasant.  The two bright spots were in the dessert and the service.  The dessert churro, which we ordered, was itself rather unimpressive, and more doughy than I've usually expected, even from a Spanish style churro.  However, the accompanying mocha chocolate sauce was nothing short of amazing.  Absolutely totally amazing.  As in i wanted to dip everything ever in that chocolate.  Wonderful.Finally, our waitress, Lisa, was friendly, helpful and ultimately made the night far better than the lackluster meal deserved.  She was a definite bright spot and deserves mention.Overall, I'd go to V.Picasso for a glass of wine and maybe a dessert.  But I'd skip the meal aspects, and certainly the Sangria.Mr. Fuentes has a delightful chain of restaurants and breakfast places in the area, but this foray into fine dining is a misstep.
4	Say hello to one of my new favorites!  Came here with five of my girlfriends after a brain-draining 10 hours of class (whoever thought that would be a good idea NEEDS TO DIE...but I digress) for a much-needed night of good food, good company, and good drinks, and V Picasso more than delivered.  Without further ado, the evening rundown:Sangria: White was pathetic, but red was far more potent than it tasted.  Think fruit punch with wine for taste, and fruit punch with wine and something far stronger than wine for eventual kick =P  I was pleasantly tipsy within 30 minutes (then again, this is KDPhi Zeta chapter Miss One-Shot-Wonder 2007 here).Soup: (Complimentary!) Artichoke and goat cheese soup was absolutely divine.  Creamy artichoke balanced out the pungency of the goat cheese quite nicely, and it was delicious with bread.Food: From first to last, zucchini tostas, gambas al mole, duck, and puerco pinchos.  Whoever thought of zucchini, goat cheese, sage, and most importantly, honey on a baguette is GENIUS.  The gambas al mole was a close second, with plump, crisp shrimp served with the best mole I've had since I left Oaxaca, the homeland of mole.  Duck was okay (or perhaps I was too stuffed to appreciate; it was my last entree), quite serviceable but nothing mindblowing like some of the others.  Finally, puerco pinchos (pork) was a little dry and flavorless save for copious amounts of chili powder.Dessert: lavender and bay leaf creme brulee!!!!!!  Perfect finish to a wonderful meal.  It wasn't as set as it could've been, but the flavoring more than compensated for the pudding-like consistency.Overall, a wonderful 3 hours very well spent.  The food was delicious, the service attentive and friendly, decor chic, and someone who must've been Mr. Victor Fuentes came by several times to check up on us.  Will most definitely be returning for parts 2, 3, and more ;)
2	eh. It was a good attempt to be a cute snazzy tapas place. The red sangria was like fruit punch.... .. too sweet, boring, and  served with too much ice.   The white sangria was just water and lemonade with pinot grigio that did not go down smooth at all. Sangrias are supposed to be made with crazy  amounts of fruit... but I only spotted a couple orange slices and a few preserved cherries, if even that. It made me sad. :(The zucchini was good as christine had mentioned. However,  I'd like my scallops a little crispier on the outside. The asparagus was a little bland also.  And I hate to say this, but the empanadas were reallllllly dry.... they are way better at Manolos.  Maybe it was just whatever I ordered, but I was unimpressed  by how all the food tasted.   Dessert however was nice. Lavender creme brulee goes down easy.... It felt like I was eating soap, but in a good way!However, I will give them an extra star for their nice decor and ambiance. If you are in good company, then you can skimp on the food, right?
4	What's up with the poor reviews?  Okay, the owner did hover quite a bit, but come on.  This place just opened and it's his baby.  Cut the guy some slack.A new tapas place in the midst of Urbana... kind of random, but the food was really good and the wine selection?  Amazing.My friend and I were seated in a cozy corner booth of the restaurant, facing away from everyone else which provided for a much more romantic, secluded ambiance (or maybe they just wanted to keep us hidden from the other patrons?).Our waitress, although still very green, was trying her best to provide us with a good dining experience, so kudos to her (I think he name was Elizabeth?).Tapas!  Bacon.  Wrapped.  Scallops.  Do it.  They serve the scallops with the yummiest butter sauce.  Mmmmm.... I wanted to lick the plate, but decided not to for sophistication's sake, haha.The cheese plate was good (plato queso), but the chorizo tortilla... mehh... it was more or less a small sausage and mushroom omelette with salsa on the side... nothing special.You can dress up or down for this venue, although I would suggest a little nicer than just jeans and a tee, and V. Picasso got very crowded partway through our meal, so I suggest a reservation if you plan on dining here over the weekend.V. Picasso is just a nice taste of the city, in the midst of rural Urbana.
4	I'm giving this place 4 stars because I see potential! I went out last Wednesday with some girlfriends (including two yelp reviewers.. guess who?) at 7:30. The place was not bustling, but I was pleased to see so many people so soon after this place opened! There was a young man playing the piano.. which heightened the already pleasant ambiance. This place is cute! Granted, I didn't see it when it was The Office (one of my friends said it was just a jazzed up version of that), but this place just looks fun. The hostess was so nice, as was the waitress and the owner(?) who stopped by a few times. Yes, there are some kinks, but aren't restaurants supposed to get a 2 week grace period?Onto the most important part: the food and drink!We ordered 2 pitchers of Sangria to start off.. one white and one red. The white is pretty weak, with just lemons in it (I honestly thought the waitress had brought us a pitcher of ice water.. unfortunately I was wrong). The red sangria tasted honestly like hawaiian punch.. but it wasn't quite as radioactive red. It was pretty tasty, but sweet drinks just aren't my thing. Complimentary soups were brought out to us: goat cheese and artichoke? Nummy! Perfect portion and such a nice balance of flavors. No canned/jarred artichokes there! Also, their dishes are adorable. I'm a sucker for square plates!I ordered the olives ($3), the puerco pinchos ($4), the zucchini ($4), the chicken with paprika potatoes ($5?) and the lavender creme brulee ($5). The only one I wouldn't recommend is probably the chicken, which was just.. grilled chicken with paprika dusted potato chips. Give it to your picky eater :) I do recommend to the restaurant that they just offer the potato chips as a tapa! The olives were fantastic.. briney and marinated with a bit of manchego cheese. Huge portion too! The puerco pinchos (grilled jerk pork with sugarcane) was really delicious and tender. The star of the evening was the zucchini! Ohh dear.. grilled zucchini with honey, goat cheese, sage on top of toasted baguette. I could eat it all day. The touch of honey is absolutely genius! Finally, the creme brulee was nice.. Right portion for sure but they hadn't set the custard quite hard enough for my liking...All in all, I really like this place! I think it is perfect for a girl's night out or maybe a first date. Will I be back every week? Probably not.. it's a bit pricey for my grad student budget.. but don't be afraid of the tapas! The portion is just right.. I was full at the end of the evening! Keep up the good work V. Picasso!
1	This won't be much of a review because we didn't have much of a visit.  I went on a bustling Saturday night and got the last free table in the dining room.  There was no wait.  As my dinner party sat there, after a while the conversation at our table turned to how long it was appropriate to wait to be served.  5 minutes?  10 minutes?  There was a loud piano nearby so it was hard to talk about that, or anything, but we tried.The restaurant didn't appear understaffed.  In particular there was a busboy-looking guy who was practicing twirling his dishtowel in an elaborate way while walking back and forth between tables in the dining room.  He passed close by our table and several others.  Since he was dressed as a busboy we kept expecting him to do busboy-like things.  Maybe bring some water.  Put some silverware down on our empty table.  Refill some water at the tables near us with empty glasses.  Clear some of the dirty dishes that I could see sitting around?  But he never did.  Maybe he was a plant -- an agent of a competing restaurant trying to discredit this one?There were also waiters walking around.  The waiter who was in our section the most often seemed to be engaged in apologizing sincerely to many of the other tables near us.  We couldn't quite overhear him though (thanks to the piano).Again, how long is it appropriate to wait for someone to serve you?  10 minutes?  15 minutes?  Several attempts at meaningful eye contact had failed at this point, so I tried raising my hand.  No luck.  The dishtowel-twirler was in his own world, and the waiters were bustling, but not stopping.  We tried discussing the overly-eclectic menu for a while but grew tired of it.  Since we were hungry talking about food didn't seem like a good idea.  And that piano sure was loud.I read in the paper that the Picasso estate routinely files lawsuits trying to stop unauthorized use of the artist's name.  I wonder if this place has a license?  Yelp forbids reviewers from mentioning the names of other restaurants in reviews, so I'll refrain from mentioning the authorized restaurant with a similar name in Las Vegas.  (I've never been there anyway so I don't know how they would compare.)  I also won't mention the similarly-named restaurants in New York that were closed down by lawsuits from the Picasso estate.  Although I guess they don't count as restaurants since they don't exist anymore.After saying "excuse me" loudly to a passing waiter a few times produced no effect, I thought that maybe there was a kind of invisibility shield around our table.  At 25 minutes we gave up and left.
2	Our visit to V. Picasso was extremely disappointing, as it started off with a very long wait and things only got worse from there. Initially we were told our wait would be 25 minutes max, around 7 pm on a Friday. We were seated over an hour after our arrival.  A couple that came after us complained, following our first inquiry about our number in line, and they received a free appetizer -- we did not.  This couple was seated next to us and received water and their food before us. The waitstaff seemed very courteous to them, and while we waited even longer, did not receive the same treatment. Our waitress then forgot our orders after we had placed them (and had to come back to our table 10 minutes later to ask us what we had ordered). In addition, the waitstaff (there were 3 people who served us) ended up bringing us one plate twice, although we were only charged once for this. Overall, the food was mediocre, at best. The hot plates were lukewarm; the salt cod fritters were overwhelmingly salty and tasted like over-salted fishsticks; the queso empanada was a bit dry. The baguettes were also stale (presliced, sitting in a plastic tub near the bar, which the waitresses reached into with their bare hands). The sangria roja was too sweet, and tasted like fruit juice. While the menu claimed it was a house specialty, we saw the bartender refill the sangria pitcher from a large plastic tub he pulled out of a cabinet -- it certainly looked like it was a generic sangria bought in bulk. The only positive things to say is that drinks were decently priced and we were given a free dessert. The complimentary soup at the beginning was the best food of the night (the day we went it was a spicy cilantro black bean soup). V. Picasso staff should reconsider their customer service by treating guests consistently. We would probably have had a better experience if they had corrected their mistakes at the beginning rather than trying to compensate with a free dessert at the end. They had even tried to sell us additional drinks (repeatedly) as soon as we arrived at our table. Needless to say, we won't be back (although we had really wanted to like this restaurant).
4	We had a lovely time at V Picasso.  We enjoyed all of the tapas we got, and some were exceptional.  Service was quick and friendly - I had to ask for another minute to place my drink order because he arrived so quickly.  Complimentary cream of onion soup was amazing, ceviche was perfect, and the special of steak and eggs with pomme frites was divine - we almost ordered a second portion, but were too stuffed.  Good, but room for improvement: salt cod fritters were slightly overdone, and the brie on the plato queso could have had more flavor.
2	Disappointing.  All told, none of the tapas plates were that good.  Most were either boring or a little too salty.  While nothing was too terrible (except for the special of the night), none of the ingredients seemed to really go together exactly right.  Most dishes came with 3 pieces of the tapas - I think I would have preferred a lower price for 2 pieces or higher for 4 (and yes, I understand tapas means "small plates"!) We will not be planning a return trip in the near future unless I hear some new raving reviews or they change their menu around.  My bf and I went to V. Picasso on a Saturday night.  We were really excited to try this place!  The night started out with a moderately long wait for our waitress. Once she arrived, she could not even tell us what the specials were and practically forgot them again when she came back to us after reading them - but we were fine with it.We ordered 8 tapas plates.  First out was the free cream of zucchini soup - yay - I love free anything!  It was pretty good.  We also each had a red sangria which we found tasty.  The night was off to a pretty good start...until the food we ordered started to arrive.  I'm trying to remember everything we had:Jerk Rubbed Duck (The Special of the Day) - Most disappointing of all. We actually had this one second to last but since it was pretty terrible, I thought I'd review it first.  When something is on special, I would hope that it would at least be ok...but not this time.  We received 4 or 5 quarter size pieces of duck, each with a large rim of fat around it.  There was no jerk-rubbed taste, probably because the pieces were too small to get anything on them.  Waste of $8.Salt Cod Fritters - Alright.  Too salty.Marinated Olives - Blah, they seemed like they were just olives out of the jar with no special marinade, and they weren't served with any bread or anything.  (A previous reviewer mentioned them being marinated with manchego - ours were unfortunately not done that way.) Very salty.Gambas al mole - I enjoyed the shrimp themselves, but I was not impressed with the mole or the corn puree in the dish.  Both were boring. The mole was spicy, but there wasn't much of a taste to it.  Grilled zucchini with honey, etc. - This was good, but I felt like another veggie with more flavor would have made the dish even better.  Nonetheless, I liked the goat cheese and honey taste.  (Although this dish now looks different than the picture that another reviewer provided.)Chorizo con Huevos - This dish was one egg on top of three pieces of bread with a sweetish tomato sauce/paste with chorizo chopped into it.  The chorizo was very disappointing - it tasted like chopped up hillshire farm sausage, with no spice to it.  My bf kept questioning whether it was really chorizo.  The tomato paste on the bread was actually nice...but the dish itself just did not seem like it went together well.Patatas Bravas - Alright, they were just lightly fried cut up potatos with a spicy sauce.  Salty again.  Easy to make on your own.Churros with chocolate sauce - I liked this, because who can really argue with cinnamon-sugar covered fried dough with chocolate sauce!?  However, one of the three churros sticks was not fully cooked inside.   We left disappointed and unsatisfied with our meal.
2	I had high hopes for V. Picasso.  We tried this place because of a glowing review from a few friends of ours.The service was absolutely outstanding on this occasion, thanks to one particularly attentive waiter.  Of course, I should add the restaurant was practically dead when we arrived.The drinks were very good from the Martini menu.However, the food was the major let down.  Tiny portions on huge plates, tiny portions on small plates, small portions on large plates.  There seemed to be a theme.And yes, I do realize the American ideal of Tapas is a small portion for big money, out of 4 dishes, there wasn't enough to share around to three people for the first course.Save the money, go elsewhere, and get a better value!
3	First time here. Did not have tapas, but the Cubano sandwich for lunch. It was good, not great. Sweet tater fries were good. Didn't love the yogurt dip that accopmanies them. Service was good and the decor was...unique. Kinda of like The Office (former tenant of this space) but dressed up for a night out. The Cubano won't bring me back, but I'll go again to give the tapas a shot.
3	Friendly staff.... Food was mediocre. Chorizo lasagna was not really chorizo but rather sausage. The bread pudding was dry and tasteless. The soup was good - tortilla soup. Would recommend it for a cheap lunch. After reading reviews i wouldn't have the sangria either.
3	Alright, I feel like I need to come to the defense of V Picasso, at least a little bit. I had no service problems at this restaurant. I say this as someone with past experience as a fine dining server and I notice these things. I was asked if I'd like a drink within two minutes of sitting down and someone was there to take my order the moment I closed my menu. When our food (all tapas dishes) arrived, they had given us an additional order of empanadas and apologized for our long wait. We hadn't even noticed we'd been waiting long. It couldn't have been more than 15 minutes from placing our orders and we had enough sangria to keep us entertained. The busser and our server were very diligent about clearing plates once we had finished with them, which was necessary because our table was so covered that there was absolutely no room. The check arrived promptly after we refused dessert and I never felt like we were being pushed out. The service was fine. Maybe they have figured things out after being open for a month or so. I thought the ambiance was a little lacking. It was crowded and noisy, but what can you really ask for from a new restaurant. We were in the main dining area and the tables were a little too close together for my liking, but, once again, it's not trying to be cute and cozy. My only real problem was with the music selection, which tended towards cheesy early sixties pop songs. I think they could have gained a lot in establishing the ambiance they're looking for by playing some flamenco guitar or something without high pitched bopper voices. I actually got annoyed when the noise died down because I could hear the music better. Maybe it was just that night. Maybe you're not annoyed by things like this. As for the food, the dishes were definitely hit or miss. The bacon-wrapped dates rocked my world. I know the bacon was a little on the fatty side and they were rather chewy, but I couldn't even care because I was eating bacon-wrapped dates and the flavor was awesome. We had some shrimp with mole dish (gambinas al mole? I don't speak Spanish...) and the shrimp were not overcooked and the mole sauce was good (though the corn puree didn't add much). I thought the goat cheese, grilled zucchini, and honey combination was interesting and very good, but I just wanted a little more on top of the pieces of bread. The goat cheese stuffed empanadas were great; the pork empanadas were mediocre and under-stuffed. But they come together, so what's a girl to do. We had a chicken dish, served with potato chips (pollo ajillo?) that was actually not good (to the point where I feel inclined to mention that I wasn't responsible for ordering it). The chicken was dry, yet sitting in oil, and the dish was truly uninspired. The potato chips were alright, but there are other places to go in this town for good homemade potato chips. We also had some patatas with an aioli sauce. They were satisfying, if slightly undercooked. I would have appreciated a slightly larger order and, since it's just half a potato, I feel like that should have happened. The wine list was alright, but I was disappointed that they didn't have any Riojas. Maybe I don't know what's up and Rioja is from a different region, but, really, when have Americans cared about things like that. I only get a good Rioja when I'm at a Spanish restaurant and I was actually looking forward to ordering one. Overall? The service was good, the sangria was servicable and I'd order most of the dishes again. And we spent $50 between two people and had 6 (+1 for free) tapas dishes and a pitcher of sangria, which I thought was a reasonable price. It's probably never going to blow you away, but it's a reasonably fun night.
2	I went here for my valentine's day dinner and was pretty dissapointed! It being new and all, I expected so much more. I guess this is just as close as someone can get to a decent tapas restaurant in Urbana-champaign. The best dishes we had were the scallops and bacon dish and the spicy potato dish. The other 4 tapas plates not good or very overpriced for something that didn't even taste like it should of. The cebiche was just like horrible attempt at a small portioned shrimp salad and the garlic chicken was super dry and flavor less. Lastly, the empanadas were just ehhh...Oh, and the sangria tasted like straight juice!The best thing I can say is that the service was great. Our server was really nice and took good care of us. He also took negative criticism of the food very well..hahaAll in all, I give it 2 stars and that's just because of the server. If not it would be 1 stars. I won't be returning here again for sure.
4	Came here for lunch the other day as a two-some, and we ended up splitting an order of the brie sandwich with sweet potato fries, and a vegetarian "tortilla" omelette and zucchini tostas for tapas. We got the corner booth by the window, an odd type of seating arrangement that ended up working perfectly for the two of us sharing the dishes. For lunch hour, the restaurant was mostly empty.The waitress was very pleasant and gave us a complementary order of tortilla soup which had a small kick and a pleasant surprise to begin our experience at V. Picasso.The brie sandwich was absolutely delicious and provided a great start to the rest of the meal, especially with the slices of pear providing a crisp sweetness complementing the flavor of the brie. It could have been a meal in of itself. The sweet potato fries and the yogurt sauce for dipping were also flavorful and my partner and I enjoyed the bit of cinnamon (or nutmeg) that accented the yogurt for dipping.The tortilla got mixed reviews from our table. My partner enjoyed the flavors and the onion mixed in, whereas I found the eggs to be relatively bland in flavor. Perhaps a 2.5/5.The zucchini tostas, however, were fabulous. Goat cheese, grilled zucchini, and sage? And you're putting some honey with it? The portions were the right size, allowing us to split the dish easily and still both wind up with full bellies.Overall, a very affordable, tasty, and pleasant alternative to the typical lunch fare I'm used to, and a great atmosphere to boot. Seeing the other reviews before I came in had given me some pause, but I'm glad that it seems as if V. Picasso has addressed those faults pointed out previously.Just figure something out about that tortilla?
4	I went to V Picasso as part of a very large group.  We ordered a ton of the tapas and it was wonderful since I got to sample nearly everything on the tapas menu!My favorites: (1) Zucchini Tostas - I especially liked whatever spread they had on the bread, flavorful and light!  (2) Gambas al Mole - grilled shrimp, pretty spicy, great flavor with a nice side of sauces (3) Patatas Bravas - Yummy spicy home fries, great sized portion too  (4) Asparagus - They wrapped individual stalks in prosciutto, wonderful combination of flavors.  A bit salty if you're not used to prosciutto, but I loved it.  (5) Sweet Potato Fries - Excellent!  The dipping sauce is surprisingly sweet and goes really well with the light fries. (6) Sangria - I didn't have any, but everyone around me gave it rave reviews.Less than favorite: (1) Pollo Ajillo - the potato chips were great, and the chicken was pretty garlicky but lacked other flavor.  This might be because I was eating it with other more spicy foods.  However, excellent value at $5 (2) Empanadas - A bit greasy for my taste.  The other fried dishes I tried were much lighter.  (3) Carrot Cake - More dense than I would have like, but good flavor.I would definitely recommend trying this place out, especially with a larger group so that you can sample more of the fare.  The tapas are definitely sized for sharing, it seems they readjusted their portions after getting some negative reviews for too small plates.  For the most part, I thought the prices were very reasonable, too.
3	Mixed Feelings...1. Food comes right out of the kitchen when you order it... is that good or bad? It make me think NOT fine dining... delicious free soup served with horrible stale bread... better to serve NO bread than stale bread! Marinated Manchego was excellent, aromatic, flavorful and a large serving size. Dates were good, but double layer of bacon meant some of the bacon was undercooked and very chewy, almost raw - also most people splitting tapas will be tables of two or four...why serve 3 dates? either 2 and decrease the price or serve 4! Scallops were over-seasoned, but VERY fresh and delicious. The plate itself doesn't work... fried bacon is greasy, and the scallops are too rosemary-flavored and salty to work with the balsamic...maybe a lightly balsamic flavored couscous or risotto would be a good accompaniment? Pork Carnelones were flavorful with excellent pasta texture, although something about it made me think of pre-frozen pre-prepared food. The Onion tart was a HUGE disappointment...just onions in a pastry shell with greens... I was expecting a TART...it said TART. I got a frozen Pillsbury appetizer.2. Our waiter tried to 'down-sell' the classiness of the place by being over-friendly and over-chatty, but left us feeling chatted-up but not looked-after very well... the owner of the restaurant was left several times to clean up our plates and take our order for more tapas. 3. Decor is high-end, very very nice design, including bathroom. I want that bathroom in my house! Plates are too big for the table, and before we even had food, the table was already overwhelmed with giant plates and giant menus. When food arrived, it was plonked down on top of the menu, with no effort made to re-arrange the table. I noticed this at several other tables too.I dunno... we will probably go back, but I'm on the fence...
3	We've eaten at V. Picasso a few times, now. I'm thinking that they are still trying to find their legs. Several things they are doing great, while others still need some work. I'll describe our most recent visit, where we went Tapas.We were greeted with a free sample of their Olives, prepared with garlic, onion, lemon, a very nice flavor combination.The Haricot Verts with Almonds and Red Pepper Flakes was nice, but we hoped for more flavor. Even with the pepper flakes, the dish was pretty bland. It would would benefit from a dressing (with a fat of some kind, like butter or olive oil), both to add flavor and to help carry the flavor of almonds and pepper flakes.In the Ceviche, the shrimp were at just the right level of "doneness" and with good flavoring. This was one of our favorite dishes of the evening.In the Scallops Trio, served with a balsamic, the scallops were perfectly cooked with nice carmelization, This was another favorite dish of the evening.We had the Empanadas, one chorizo and one cheese, served with a spicy veg relish (like a pico de gallo), These had good flavor, but left me wishing for more filling. The Stuffed Dates Wrapped with Bacon were absolutely delicious, the best of this type of dish I've ever had (at any of several Tapas restaurants, mostly in/around Chicago).The Spinach Croquette were beautiful fried crispy "patties" of spinach, with a very dense and chewy interior. The two large croquettes could be shared by four.The Canelones had good flavor, with plenty of cheesy goodness, and a flavorful thick sauce.The Onion Tart was lovely carmelized onions on a puff pastry base. While there is nothing really wrong with this dish, and I am a fan of puff pastry, puff pastry does not make a proper tart crust. They could make this dish a real stand-out.My wife had the Mussels, which were a small variety that she likes. There was no sign of the spinach or beurre rouge described on the menu, Instead, they were served in a fairly uninteresting salty broth, and slightly overcooked.One of the things they are doing right (from a customer perspective) is to include the prices of drinks on the drink menu. Another plus is the live entertainment (a pianist on this occasion) that is loud enough to be enjoyed without being too loud to disturb conversation (at least where we were sitting).We plan to give them another month or two to make improvements, and then give them another try. We have high hopes for this place, and are in favor of having restaurants in the area serving a variety of cuisines (rather than yet another "pretty good" Italian place).
4	Had a great time at V Picasso with some friends... The servers were very helpful and the manager was very generous!   The piano playing was also nice and added to a great atmosphere.  It was our first time at V and we were offered some free tapas and samples of cheeses.  The complementary soup was also great.  Favorites from the tapas we ordered were the zucchini tostas, the dates and spinach croquette (I believe this is what it was called...)  Definitely worth trying out -- also very reasonable for a tapas restaurant! Overall, great time and would recommend.
2	I loves me some tapas.  I was all excited about a place that devotes itself mostly to tapas.  And I definitely shouldn't have been so excited for the following two reasons:1.Three coworkers and I went around noon on a Tuesday.  Despite the fact that it was the lunch hour, there were only three groups of people in the restaurant.  Score!  It seems that downtown Urbana is not a teeming metropolis.  Normally, having less than 15 people in the restaurant (in a decent sized restaurant capable of holding many more people) would bode well for getting your food in a timely fashion.  That was not the case.  We waited over 45 minutes to get our food, which, by the way, were three sandwiches and a grilled chicken breast.  Seriously.  45 minutes.  How do you even manage that?2) We had a collectively underwhelming experience with our entrees.  I had a vegetable panini, which lured me in with its grilled red peppers and Manchego cheese.  It wound up being mostly oiled bread, a VERY sparse sprinkling of Manchego (delightful as the sprinkling was--no offense to you, Manchego), and no more than three 1" chunks of red pepper per side.  That's barely even a sandwich, V. Picasso.  That's like two slices of bread with a teenie weenie, pathetic side salad.  Sadly, my coworkers didn't fare much better.I did taste one cube of Patatas Bravas, though.  That was good.
4	I've been to V.  Picasso twice within the past 6 months. I have only ordered the tapas and haven't had a chance to try their entrees for dinner, but I enjoyed eating there.Honestly, I've always felt that tapas at any restaurant in any city can be a bit pricey. I think based upon the quality of food and the burst of flavors that V. Picasso has to offer in just a few bites, the price is worth it. Really, the price is moderate compared to other tapas places I've been to in Chicago, at least.My favorite item to order from V. Picasso is the cheese plate. Who knew that gorgonzola cheese with strawberries and french onions could taste so good? There is also something sexy about eating brie with walnuts and grapes. Those flavors together.. whew, stirs up the libido! :) It reminds me of the scene in "Ratatouille" when Remy describes the taste of the strawberry and cheese together to his brother. Also, the fig spread is oh so yummy. Their empanadas that are filled one, with goat cheese, and the other with chorizo is yummy. The goat cheese empanada has a sweet taste to it. Chorizo is always yummy.It looks as though their menus change every so often. My husband and I had their asparagus fries.. and I love asparagus as they are, but these were so crispy and tasted even better when paired with the spicy creme that accompanied it.Their creme brulee is just pure awesome! They had a special mojito flavor creme brulee when we went, but I went with the original bay lavendar creme brulee. The taste of the bay leaf and the lavendar just sits on top of your lips the whole time... even after you leave the restaurant. Yummy!!
3	My burger at lunch was in the top 10 for my lifetime. The service was pitiful. 4 or staff walked by our empty drink glasses for 20 minutes. Then the food was served and the was starting to walk away as she asked if we needed anything. She had to come back a couple of steps to the table. Again the food was outstanding but overall a 3 due to service.
3	I really liked V. Picasso when they first opened. They had a wonderful lunch menu and great tapas. The Churros were fabulous as well! Nom. However, they did something to their menu and I no longer care for most of the choices and they ruined the yummy churros. Bring back the chocolate dipping sauce and get rid of the filling. Churros don't have filling.
1	I've been to V.Picasso three times and been disappointed on each occasion.  The food is unspectacular and the service is terrible.  One particular instance sticks out: after waiting for several minutes (late on Friday night when the bar was practically empty and servers walked by our tables several times) I ordered a 12oz beer, and that's what I received.  But when the check arrived, I saw they charged me for a 23oz beer.  When I pointed out the mistake to the server and showed him my beer glass, he gave me a blank stare, and then said "no, that's right" before walking away.  Not returning anytime soon.
4	I had to restrain myself from writing this review right after eating here for dinner last night, because I was afraid my distended tummy and satisfied tastebuds would've influenced my review.Well. This place is great. Very good tapas, considering this is Urbana Champaign. A tad expensive (a $76 bill for three), but that doesn't stop me from planning to make the rare excursion back.Last night, my sister, mom, and I headed down to V Picasso, with reservations at 6 PM. (NO NEED FOR RESERVATIONS at that time, my god, there were like three tables filled.) It's a very pretty place, all dark and sleek, with lighted candles on each table. There are two places to sit - an actual dining area with plushy red booths and small tables, and then a sports bar-like area, which unfortunately got filled with rowdy drunk college guys as the night went on.Our server, Audrey, was incredibly helpful with the menu (and her suggestions for the dates and churros were wonderfully enjoyed). We ordered about 8 dishes, including spinach croquettes, the aforementioned bacon wrapped dates, grilled zucchini, blackened cod, tempura shrimp (the specialty for the night), shrimp ceviche, green string beans, lavendar creme brulee, and creme filled mini churros. The Bad: green beans, tempura shrimp, and shrimp ceviche. The green beans were just...blah, with slivers of almonds. A waste of $5. The tempura shrimp was redeemed only because of the delicious red pepper aioli that I swear I would take a bath in, it was so good. The shrimp ceviche, oh, the ceviche. WHAT THE HECK? A weird amalgam of tomatoes and olive and roasted red peppers and jalapenos... blegh. No. Do not recommend.The (Oh So) Good: the dates, ooh the dates. and the spinach croquettes. the COD! The dates were stuffed with gorgonzola cheese and walnuts, and then wrapped in crispy, sweet bacon. (I don't like gorgonzola/blue cheese at all, but these I devoured these babies.) I dreamed about those dates last night. Really. The spinach croquette oozed with cheese and wilted spinach, and they changed it a bit, so instead of two greasy cakes, out came out three crispy morsels. Yum. And, finally, blackened cod that was nestled on top of this tomato reduction that was slightly spicy. Mmm. I was never a fan of blackened fish, but it was deliciously crusted in spices.I need to go back and try the other tapas...
4	In town for just one night on business, this was the most conveniently located, interesting option. The packed patio outside on an unseasonably warm October day was definitely inviting. Since I was just one, I grabbed a spot at the unusually empty bar. The Spanish and South American-heavy wine list offered quite a few treats by the glass. I didn't try the Sangria, but it looked great going out. The menu is focused on tapas and offered the usual suspects. Asparagus wrapped in Serrano ham over a tasty red pepper puree and a hint of balsamic vinegar was tasty. Next was a spicy soffrito sauce topped with goat cheese and crushed red pepper served with yummy toasted baguette slices. My version of dessert tonite was dates stuffed with blue cheese and walnuts, wrapped in bacon. YUM! The lowlight of my night was my unfortunately warm tempranillo. I rarely meet a Spanish red I don't like, but the fastest way to ruin things is to serve it at 70+ degrees. Service at the bar from who appeared to be the managers/owners doing double-duty, was just lovely. I did notice some servers struggling in the dining room, but making every effort to make things right. The band was warming up as I headed out and it looked like they were ready to have a good time - even on a Sunday nite. Definitely worth a visit if you're in this neighborhood!
2	Ate here shortly after they first opened and then a few months later, same experience both times.  Took forever to get average food even forgot some of the order.  I can easily find better at their prices.
2	I really wanted to like this place but they are making it so difficult.  The food is not bad but there are few dishes that are memorable.  To top it off, now they are only open for lunch about two days a week.  They are not open on Monday or Tuesday, which were both days that I tried to go there.
2	I've just got into the whole tapas craze, and figured if my friends enjoy V. Picasso, I bet I will too...Clearly I was delusional!V. Picasso, formerly the office bar in Urbana, is a wannabe tapas bar. The only thing I enjoyed out of my meal was the complimentary olives the waitress brought us.  Everything on the menu that my bf and I ordered was unappetizing and the majority of their menu doesn't have any creative vegetarian options.  I've been told that their sangria is great, but to go just for the sangria would make no sense, not to mention everything is overly priced. Also, let me add by saying around 8 oclock they ran out of the chocolate cake that I had been eying so much on the menu.  Well, if our waitress hadn't forgotten part of our tapas maybe we would have ordered the chocolate cake in time for them not to run out. Sorry, but they were not attentive at all and took their sweet time bringing out our food.  I do understand it is tapas and therefore, should take longer, but seriously? Overall, I left the restaurant still hungry, after ordering plenty of tapas, and my bf left just as hungry with a lighter wallet.  I am considering going one more time just to make sure this wasn't a one time accident they had, but for the price tag, I think I'll be headed over to Luna for my tapas fix these days.
1	Now that V Picasso is closed, I feel I can say that I thoroughly detested the incredibly cheesy shwing of the place. The sinks in the bathroom were those crazy basin-style jobs that hold about 10% of the water that splashes into them, and the entire interior was circa 1986 ointment. Vegetarians went here to starve, and the beer menu was pathetic. I know a lot of people liked V Picasso, and I know there were a lot of cool local acts there, but the cheese factor was just too much for me.
