5	great food...great service...cool interior...and very clean! one of the best ramen house in las vegas! their curry rice is to die for!...a must try!
5	Service is great, and the owner is SUPER nice. The place is great and clean. I went for lunch yesterday, and the pork belly is AWESOME. I tasted like the one my mom used make for me. It made miss my mom. I was hungry I forgot to take a photo of the plate. I'm taking my family tonight for dinner. Price is very reasonable. SUPER A+++++++++++++++++++
5	Great Tasting Ramen.  Love the tofu salad and Chachu rice bowl and Garlic Rice.Great service and people working there.  Highly recommended.
4	Cash only. They have "cash only" signs everywhere, so that's good. But thankfully I had some cash as it would have been super embarrassing to have to turn around after getting the obligatory Japanese greeting in a completely empty restaurant. I really enjoyed the ramen. Thin noodles, at least for the tonkatsu. I liked it but some may not. Other versions have "wavy noodles." Whatever that means. I really like the fried onions in the ramen. Maybe not traditional but they added a little something extra. The garlic rice was kinda blah. I like the decor. Nice and clean. I'm a little confused about this place though. From what I can gather, it used to be a Filipino restaurant called Ray's Asian Cuisine that took credit cards and had a liquor license. Same address and everything. The website for that version of the restaurant is still up. Now it is Ray's Asian Cuisine and House of Ramen. With serious emphasis on the ramen. Totally different menu. Nice folks, good service. But they could use some help with brand management and the garlic rice. And beer. Ramen requires beer. Still, check it out if you like tasty ramen.
5	The food here is pretty addicting. Id suggest  trying the chashu bowl here. It is bomb. The rice and the other spices in it complements the mouth watering chashu. Service and management is great considering a newly opened restaurant. Hope they keep it up. Ill def be back :)
5	Get their chasu bowl!!! I liked the ramen - very tasty. oh and the fried oreos too.. I'll def be back to try the rest on the menu.
5	My seven year old son and I just had dinner there, and we both loved it.  This was the best bowl of ramen I have had in town.  The noodles were high quality and perfectly cooked, the pork was flavorful and tender, and the broth was delicous.  The karaage was delicious.  The servings were very generous, and we ended up taking half of our food home.  The owner was very nice and helpful.  He checked on us without ever hovering.  They've only been open for two weeks.  He said that they are supposed to be set up for credit cards this week.  The place next door has an ATM, so we were able walk over there and get some cash, as I did not have any on me.  The place was very comfy and very clean, including the bathrooms.  My son was asking when we can come back while we were still eating.  I highly recommend coming here.
5	This place recently opened up by our house.  My husband and I are fans of ramen, so we decided to check it out.  The atmosphere is nice; it's clean and nicely decorated. The staff was friendly and welcoming.  We ordered the karaage, katsu curry and tonkatsu ramen.  The karaage was the best I have ever had.  It was moist, fresh and fried to perfection.  The katsu curry was delicious as well.  The curry had a rich flavor with just the right amount of bite.  The ramen was nothing remarkable; however, the fact that they add fried shallots salvaged the blandness of the broth by adding a sweet flavor to it. We finished up with the fried bananas, which were delicious. You can hardly go wrong with fried bananas, but the tempura fry made it that much more delicious. The price is reasonable and affordable. We enjoyed our dining experience, and we will definitely be back.
5	Definitely the best ramen I have ever tasted!! Great service too!! Will be back for sure!!!
4	Nice to know that people are thinking about giving us east side peeps some culinary options!!  I was jonesin' for some ramen and was glad to hear that there was a spot that "opened up" on right down the street from me.  The gentleman working told me that they wanted to start up a ramen spot on the east side because everything else is so far away in chinatown.  I'm good with that!!  I opted for the veggie ramen on this outing (miso broth) and it was pretty dang good despite my initial perception about Ray's as I walked into the restaurant.  It was because all the workers were speaking in Tagalog (Filipino) and the customer base was largely Filipino as they decided to speak back in the same language!!  Kind of tripping me out a little bit with the Japanese decor and set-up and the Filipino conversations dancing around it all; left me to wonder a little bit.  However, the ramen hit the spot and was actually pretty good despite the continually confusing cultural stimuli.  I also had the karaage as an appetizer and that was pretty grubbin' as well.Contrary to what people said in earlier reviews, they do accept credit cards now!  Big plus and big sigh of relief as I didn't have any cash on me when I walked in.  Nice, friendly, and delectably grubbin' food.. will be back soon.  I will consider upgrading to a 5-star when they get some beer in to go along with my nihonshoku (Japanese Food)!
5	note: they're NOT cash only  -  AWESOME Ramen! Had the Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen and the broth was amazing.  I enjoy a good broth that I don't have to add things to (with pho', I always have to add lime and siracha to make it palatable).  My partner had the seafood Ramen and she agreed it was very good broth, too.  It was actually so good that after we ate all of the goodies, we ordered sides of Ramen to add to our leftover broth, just so we could enjoy every drop.Their gyoza appetizer was fresh, delicate, super tasty...definitely a must have.I also recommend trying the tempura banana dessert if you have room.It's a very affordable, simple menu...and what they do, they do well. I am pleased to have a noodle shop so close to home on the East side.We will definitely be back!
5	The Food is DELICIOUS. Finally, I don't have to go out of my way for some good Ramen! Servers were friendly, cost was inexpensive and the atmosphere was very nice. This is definately my new favorite go-to place for GOOD asian food.
3	It's okay. I like the tempura banana though.
5	They have the best creamiest eggs! I dont care what people say :-) I drove to california just to eat here and it was worth it! They have the funniest servers
3	We came here for dinner about 6pm. The place was pretty easy to find. It's in the hood so becareful. When we arrived, we were the only costumer. The place was very warm and cozy. They had a karaoke system so I'm guessing they get down on certain nights. Plus the place was clean.  I went ahead and order the tonkatsu shoryu ramen bowl. It came with corn, bamboo shoots, pork, eggs and green onions. The food came out at a decent time. The soup was good. But the ramen noodles remind me of top ramen. Like a side we were the only costumer inside and out waiter didn't come by once to see how were doing. We had to wave her down when we were finished. Hmm not sure if I'll be back. But I like to give a second try.
5	The best find so far this year! I am kind of a ramen snob. I used to go to Ajisen in Irvine, Ca just to get my ramen fix because I can't seem to get it here in the valley. I am so glad to discover this cool place. Every dish is perfect. The tonkotsu shoyu, karaage, and tofu salad are a must-try. The service is excellent. I love how the staff was very professional, attentive, and friendly to me and my guests. Menu Prices are the best in town. I absolutely love this place and will recommend it to all my friends. 5 star everything! Will definitely be back with more friends in tow! More power to you guys!
5	The Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen bowl had the BEST flavor of all my recent visits to Ramen houses. It had tender bamboo shoots, perfectly cooked chashu pork, corn, green onions; Yummy. The Chicken Karaage was pretty tasty. The Takoyaki had a lot of flavor, light and crispy. The curry chicken katsu bowl had a very tasty chicken, but the curry was different from any curry i have had in Asia, a little sour custard/yogurt taste. I will definitely go back to try other menu items soon. The place was set up for Karaoke on Thursday night. They accept credit cards too.
5	The food is great and the service is awesome! Parking is very easy as well. I wouldnt mind going back here and enjoy my ramen!
1	I was very disappointed with this place. The only thing I liked about it was the karaage. I had the tonkatsu and my bf had the miso ramen. They both didn't seem too flavorful and I felt like I could have made it better at home using instant noodles. I mean, I might be bias because I am comparing it to Monta Ramen. I am very hard to please when it comes to ramen only because majority of the ramen places I try are either really oily, lack in flavor, or tastes like it came out of a package. Don't get me wrong though, they get an A for effort and for being one of the first on the eastside, but I wouldn't seeing myself going back. It lacks some authenticity. 1 star for the karaage & the fact that they sell alcohol + have a karaoke stage.
4	I'll probably hardly ever be in this area so I don't know when I'll be back again but I liked it for the most part.There are your usual shoyu and tonkotsu ramen dishes. I ordered the Tonkotsu-Shoyu (it has thin noodles) and I really liked the noodles. Much prefer it as opposed to the noodles used at other places. I don't usually try the broth but I quite enjoyed this one. Plus, it was chilly so this helped to warm me up.There were hardly any other patrons so service wasn't an issue. Even if you had to call them for assistance, it wouldn't have been a big deal. That's just how she made me feel. :)They also have an area for live music, albeit very small but it's nice to know there are some nights where it can be quite nice to be there. :0)
4	I just love the shoyu ramen!! I would suggest to switch the wavy noodles to the thin ramen noodles in any ramen you order. If you come by here don't ever leave w/o trying the Oreo tempura. It taste reallllly good plus it's a great dessert for the cold weather. Coming back here for sure.
5	This is the place to be when it's cold!! The food is great!!! The atmosphere and ambience is unbelievable...
5	Good people! Good food! Very good price! With a bonus of fast service!Banana tempura and curry katsu is a must try.
5	Our 2nd time here was consistent as our first time here. The Tonkatsu-Shoyu Ramen bowl and the Chicken Karaage were very tasty and flavorful. The Takoyaki was not as crispy as the first time we came here, but at 11pm on the east side, it is as good as it gets. The service is very casual and it was set up for Karaoke,  but super friendly and attentive for a Saturday night. They accept credit cards too. There was a 2nd menu of philipino food offered, but maybe next time we can try it.
2	been here about 4 times, first visit was great and every time I come back quality has become  less and less. I love soup and this place is very close to my house but I rather drive further and be satisfied on what I was graving for.
1	I was really disappointed by this place and I really wanted to like it. There is practically no good Asian food on the eastside of town :(  1. The karage was battered in regular flour instead of mochiko like it's supposed to be, so essentially it was just fried chicken with a side of soy sauce.2. They had no green tea on a day that was 40 degrees outside. NO GREEN TEA?!?! They served Lipton black tea in the individual bags, not even a pre-brewed pot.3. There was a seemingly interesting menu item with chicken katsu with creamy ponzu sauce which they didn't have.4. The place was completely empty and had no other Asians except Filipinos probably because its owned by Filipinos. 5. My tonkatsu ramen had uber soggy noodles and I could only FORCE myself to eat half of it (awful!), the tonkatsu slices were super DRY and basically tasted like old pork chops, and the noodles didn't taste like egg noodles cause they didn't have the yellowish color that egg noodles have.The dessert however was quite delicious. We had the deep fried Oreos and Banana Tempura (tasted a lot like banana lumpia).
2	I am glad they have an effort to serve Japanese style food, also I want to support theihr business so that let me tell my honest opinion. - We ordered Sapporo beer and Sappro light from their drink mernu, but not both out.  Karaoge fom apptizer menu, but it is also out.-There were sign on a wall said Udon,  Oden, Yakitori,Soba  and etc in Japanese...  They might use as decoration but its confuse us for Japanese. -Miso Ramen was tast like miso soup with noodle, it was way different from Japanese style Ramen.  The bowl they use it was for Udon or Soba as Japanese style.
3	Its ok. One of my pet peeves is getting the apetizer at the same timw of the food Food was decent though.
5	Good location (not too far from the strip. Cozy place, nicely decorated. Warm and pleasant food owner and servers. Flavorsome array of food on their menu. Reasonably priced. What else can one ask for? One of the best ramen I've ever tasted! The curry Katsu bowl was amazing! Therefore, I'd definitely recommend this restaurant to my family and friends!
2	"If you don't have anything nice to say then don't say it"The above phase is something we're all used to hearing when you or someone else is about to unload a beast of criticism. I usually tend to avoid writing bad reviews, but we can't always play yelp hero right? Lets not even talk about authenticity (Filipino) and move straight to the food. The tonkotsu broth was well.. terribad. It smelled a lot like fish, and the deep fried onions that added a slimy consistency to each bite was very strange. The broth was milky though... The chicken katsu curry was well.. also terribad. The katsu was very strange, it was as if it was made previously, cut up into strips, skewered and then deep fried upon ordering. Needless to say it was very chewy. The curry and rice however were very edible, but same (or maybe even better) can be made from the blocks. If you find yourself here, I would just order curry.Skip the water and order a beer. The decor was cool, very anime-like, and service was so so. Unfortunately I can't say I'll be adding Ray's to my ramen rotation but prices were pretty cheap though!
1	My review is primarily based on their catering service and partly on the food they prepared for us.  Granted the food were mass produced, the food turned out acceptable especially if you don't know anything about Asian food, or what they claimed to be Asian.  In a nutshell, they were originally (per contract) supposed to drop off the food at noon but due to the class schedules, we requested and they agreed the food to be delivered prior to the students changing classes at 11, giving us time to stage the food and prepare for serving.  Instead, the food arrived at almost 1 pm.  That's almost an hour late.  The lady in my committee who arranged their services tried her hardest to avoid me having direct contact with the guy who delivered the food because I was livid as hell and I was going to give him an earful ("Please", she begged, "don't say anything.  We're government").  Granted Ray's gave us a good price, I would've preferred another caterer, paid full price and could deliver.   Ray's service made our committee looked bad.   We experienced, first hand, what "Filipino time" is.  Filipino time, for you uninformed of what it means, is when you agree on meeting at a specific agreed time and you show up an hour late and thinks it's perfectly alright.   Ugggggghhhhh!!!!Asians are huge on saving faces but we couldn't find a way to save ours after people leaving the event wondering where the food that we promised to them.  It was an utter embarrassment!  I was literally fuming mad.   I would try my hardest to convince my committee not to use them in our future events.  Discounted price won't make up for bad service.  What saved our faces, I think, were the other parts of our event's programs.  In fairness though, we received good feedback about the food.  It's either they were being nice and courteous since they were eating free, or they were literally starving and didn't care.  We had battered chicken (I refuse to call them karaage because they're not Karaage), gyoza, meat and vegetable egg rolls, pork satay, chicken fried rice, cold soba, greens with sesame dressing. I ate them too because I was starved.  Everything tastes good when you're hungry.  Just saying. But again, NEVER AGAIN!  If any from Ray's (the owner, the chef, a wait person, even the busboys) read and care about Yelp reviews, I hope they reply to this review and attempt to redeem their establishment for future and potential customers because  am pretty damn absolutely sure they're not getting mine even if they were the last caterers on earth!Whew!  that felt good...and I feel much better.
1	It is closed.Now Teriyaki and Sushi restaurant.
1	Worst food ever. Not a good ramen place they should just open Filipino restaurant instead of house of ramen.
