5	One of the best reflexology  SPA i ever tried yet. I will definitely recommend this to all my friends. I am very satisfied to their service. Nice staff and place.
5	There are foot spa massages on every block in Spring Valley and especially in Chinatown but this one lives up to its' name.  It is FANTASTIC!  MARVELOUS!  We signed up for the full body massage which included hot stones which were so soothing on your back after they knead it.  The lady succeeded in loosening my worn out and tight quad muscles from doing a triathlon yesterday.We will be back there again!
5	Been here a few times and have always had great service. The massage rooms are nice and couple rooms are available for me and my lady. I prefer this spot over about 7 others I have been to close by.
5	Amazing.  100 minutes for $46.  Included back, neck, feet, hot stones.  Good pressure, nice staff, clean facility.  I want to go back again tomorrow!
2	This review is based off of 2 experiences. My 1st experience was about 2 months ago. I came here because they sent  a coupon in the mail to my house. I called & they were able to take me right then. The I'd probably rate the massage about a 7.5 on a scale from 1-10. It was really bizzare because the lady who was massaging me kept leaving the room for about 5 minutes at a time which made me pretty anxious. She did this probably 4 or 5 times throughout the whole massage. I finally fell asleep towards the end of my massage so I must have gotten relaxed at some point but after the nap daze faded away I didn't notice enough of a different in the way my body felt to want to come back again. I explored a few other foot spas & had even less enjoyable experiences so I decided to give this place another shot....2nd chance. I have a busy day so I make sure to be in their parking lot 5 minutes before they open so I can get seen right away. Their hours say they open @ 10 every day. So @ 10:03 I decide to call them. The girl answers & says "Oh, we open @ 10:30 today" I responded with "Your hours say you open at 10 everyday". She comes back with "Well we had stuff to today". Well, I guess I won't be coming back here any more. I can deal with a slightly decent bizzarley awkward massage, but when you have no respect for other people time or work ethic towards your own business, I have no desire to give you my $$.
5	By far THE BEST foot reflexology that i've been to!!! I'm so happy i decided to give this place a try. The staff were so friendly. The place was very clean. The prices were great. $38 for 1 hour hot stone massage. Peter was my messuer and he did a great job!!!! He was very professional and listened to how i wanted my shoulders to be massaged. The receptionist was very helpful. She explained to me the different deals they had going on. I am a very happy customer and would definitely come back. I'm recommending this place to all my family and friends. :)
4	I'm a regular, because this foot spa is one of the closest ones to home. They close at 10p, but that means they take the last appointment at 10p. So when I need a quick knot release after work, I head here. It's nicer looking than the ones in Chinatown because you have partial cubbies with a curtain to close the room (rather than wall partitions), they use a humidifier, and they have hot stones or scented oil options. In terms of the massage, it's good for what you pay for. They do the exact same sequence every time so it's consistent with each therapist. I used to ask for a deeper massage, but now they just know that's what I'm expecting.  I recommend Fantastic Foot Spa if you are in the neighborhood and need a good valued foot and/or back massage.
