3	Let me start by giving a huge thank you to yelp and misti for the 2 free VIP tickets. Didn't know at the time, but I could have gone in at 7pm before the general public and I would have been able to eat everything!! But that is that. The few, and I do mean few, dishes I got to partake in were quite delicious, for the most part. Here is what I got to eat:Meatball lettuce wraps, snapper with bone marrow and Parmesan cheese, lamb tartare, marinated butterfish (ceviche style), char siu bao, chicken and waffles, short rib potstickers, and braised pork belly sandwich. The only dish I didn't like was the char siu bao from bao haus. we waited for over half an hour to get a bao (very slow assembly) and it didn't taste very good. Dry chat siu with no flavor. Also, when we got to the front, Eddie huang was talking to everyone and a fellow yelper mentioned that we were from yelp and I think all he heard was "yelp" because he proceeded to tell us, "I hate yelp. You should read some other shit." That comment left a dry taste in my mouth, or maybe it was his dry char siu. With the exception of the chicken and waffles from fuku, the dishes I ate were refined, well thought out and unique. The 2 offering from sang yoon of lukshon were my favorites. That cured butterfish was delicious. It had a nice citrus zest to it and it was quite refreshing. The lamb tartare had a nice kick to it rounded off by Szechuan peppercorns that left you with a tingle for a few minutes. It was sad that most of the vendors ran out of food by 930pm. After running into fellow yelpers and hearing their favorites, I wished I could have shared their joy by eating the same foods they ate. But the good thing is I left satisfied and a belly full of food n drink. I do feel bad for those who paid for their tickets but only got to eat a few items. Good thing drinks were free and endless. That helped. =) Hopefully I can win free tickets to year 2 of lucky rice. This was a fun event, made even better by the fellow yelpers we ran into.
1	I wish I could have given this event 0 stars.  There were at least 4 places that were out of food or drink by 8:45 which in my opinion is a joke.  You pay $88 to eat some food.  You don't expect for them to tell you they are out of food 45 minutes into an event.  This was a very poorly executed and planned event.   By 10:30 there was nobody serving food anymore.  They advertised this event being all you can eat and drink from 8-11, and I didn't see it.  I waited in line for almost an hour and when I got to the front they offered me 1 pork skewer when there was supposed to be 4 different kinds.   This event was a complete embarassment and I'm gonna try to get my money back because I left incredibly hungry and disappointed.   I had to get In & out burger after which was more satisfying.  Overall I paid $88 to try about 6 things and have a couple of beers.   There were way too many people at Luckyrice, and not enough food.   One booth told me, "We served 350 people and now we are done".    That is unacceptable when there are more than 1000 people there.   You read the menus and you expect to eat more of the food, not have it run out on you in a very short amount of time.   I also saw cosmopolitan staff members bringing food to people in line.  I dont understand why people are getting preferred treatment when we all paid to be there.  I would never go to this event again.   It was honestly just frustrating and a waste of my time and money.
4	Luckily we bought the VIP tickets and had a great time tasting all the samples for the hour we got in early.  Thankfully I was already stuffed to content when the masses were let in at 800 because lines formed that were 30min long and they ran out of food long before 11 which is when the event ended.  I did not eat anything after 800.  We hit the drink lines and drank our drinks while standing in the next line.  They had a few stations where you could mix your own Bombay Sapphire drinks while someone told you how to make different gin drinks, there was no wait for this area which was very nice.  My friends that arrived at the 800 general admission were very disappointed and ended up having to get pizza afterward.  I really enjoyed 95% of everything I ate/drank which is usually not the case for food tasting events.
4	Great event at the Groupon sale price. I enjoyed that it was at the Boulevard Pool and that it was spacious. It was an great opportunity to meet and taste small dishes from chefs around the country. Most of what I had was good and a few really great, lamb chops from Qi anyone? It would be great to of sampled every station, but lets be honest now guys. If there was 700+ of us, its implausible for that to happen. Instead of standing in the line at Raku for 30+ minutes use your time wisely, there is a reason for VIP passes after all. I was there from 815pm to 1130pm and hardly ran into an issue with a station being out. Big props to Baohaus for serving their Baos way past the event time, you guys rock. Thanks Luckyrice, Cosmopolitan, the mixologist, Bombay, all the chefs, and all other unnamed sponsors for the opportunity.
3	I am lucky we got the groupon deal for 4 people making the cost $40 per person instead of $88.  This event said Lisa all over it!  I love Asian food, food festivals, chatting with chefs, and eating in general.  The menu had plenty of non-pork options so I knew I would get my fill...and those Bombay Sapphire East drinks sounded amazing (and they were!)My problem was not memorizing the map and pre-planning the routes.  I did not get to try many dishes I was interested in, including the lamb tartare and cured butterfish.  My biggest mistake was waiting in the raku line for almost an hour, after waiting in other long lines only to find out booths were out of food long before 9 PM, when the main event started at 8 PM.Highlights: Interesting take on khao soi by Lotus of Siam.  Maybe it was because I was starving and this is the first thing I ate, but it was tasty.  Enjoying squash blossoms in Paul Qui's dish from Uchiko, and he was very personable.  Waiting in line between Chef Su and Jenny from Great Bao and the great Nelson Q. and Sylvia Q. where Baohaus chef made me a non-pork bao with graciousness.  Fuku sesame chicken and "donut."  SHORT RIB potsticker!!!  Seeing hot Janel S. at the Yelp table making us proud.  Running into David S., Jieun, and Paolo a few times.  Alcoholic popsicles!  Showing Chef Susur Lee the photo of Eric R. and I with him on our honeymoon flight in Hong Kong, then getting a giant lamb chop there, wow!  Meeting Cosmo's Executive Chef Gillard.  The drinks!  Yuzu-pear!  Thai peanut chili-green concoction that was amazing!  Jalepeno kaffir lime!So-so: Comme ca tilefish.  Fluke sashimi with bone marrow from SocialEatz.  Vendors closing way early - event ended at 11 and I wandered for more food before 10 and the remaining vendors were totally out.The setting was beautiful and people were dressed swanky and ready to eat.  It had a good idea behind it but maybe could have been executed better.  I am glad I went and got to try a few interesting things.  Vegas is awesome because we get events like this, and only in NYC or LA is that possible otherwise.
1	Just about the worst event I could imagine.  My brother and his wife were in town and I was embarrassed to have taken them to an event like this.  I also treated a chef friend of mine to it - and even though he didn't pay for his ticket I was also sorry to have brought him as well.  I'll just quickly rehash all the issues.1) Lines were way too long.  You stood in line for 30-60 minutes at a time for, at most, a few bites of food.2) The food, when you got it, wasn't good.  There were some standouts but most of the places served terrible food.  Even great places I know like Raku dipped their meat in a bucket of teriyaki sauce.3) Special shout out to Jet Tila and Eddie Huang for perhaps the worst experience of the night.  Subjected to a long line while the chefs and his buddies took time out to booze it up, spend minutes at a time talking to who knows whom, and the chef himself light heartedly but LOUDLY chastising one of his cooks for apologizing for the wait with this gem - "Hey man, don't ever apologize for how long it takes to produce art."  Art being dry, terrible bao bun, an overcooked pork belly, and over sauced short rib in the taco.  I mean, they DRENCHED that taco in sauce.  And the sauce was gross.  I guess the tortilla for the taco was fine though.  :)  I had to give a special shout out to those jackasses.  Because their food is nowhere near good enough to have that kind of ego.  4) Many of the vendors closed TWO HOURS before the event ended.  What?!  I like the idea.  And I would give it another chance.  But triple the number of vendors or don't put it on groupon and keep the number of people down.  It was absolutely ridiculous.I will give a positive, not sarcastic, shoutout to Shirley Chung of China Poblano.  That sandwich and those ribs were delicious!
2	Hopefully the organizers will learn from the feedback they receive from this event.The lines were ridiculously long - sometimes 45 minutes up to an hour for a few small bites of food.  I would be furious if I paid full price.  Thanks to Groupon.  An event like this can be pulled off successfully - just look at Uncork'ed which probably has 3 times as many people.   I don't think I ever waited more than 5 minutes for food.  All the lines were in and out with the exception of maybe 2-3 spots.I hope to attend another Night Market but hopefully they'll learn their lessons and provide a better experience.
1	This complete disaster of an event could only be worse if locusts fell out of the sky.  First off, it's not about the money, the ticket was $88, a few hands at the blackjack table.  The value of the 'promise' was certainly worth the price of admission...Lucky Rice promised much, but delivered little. It's like taking home the hot girl from the bar and when you're finally home, she turns out of be a tranny.  That, my friends, was Lucky-Tranny-Rice.Since the event price ($88) was conceived to be a play on Chinese numerology (8 sounds like "fortune" in Chinese)... I will reciprocate with four (sounds like "death") examples of this utter failure:1. Lines - I don't mind waiting in line, but when you're standing 30-60 minutes in a line for a scrap of food that can be consumed in 2-3 bites... that's ridiculous. At one point, with so many lines spiraling, it was impossible to find where a line started or ended. The scene was comical, replace the hooker outfits with some pajamas and the douchey sunglasses with some flip-flops... and suddenly you're transported to an U.N. food distribution center in a Southeast Asian country.   2. Booths - The event was scheduled from 8pm-11pm, but booths started to shut down at 9pm. By 10pm, 75% of the food booths were closed.  Have you ever seen an Asian household run out of food?  I didn't think so.  In the Asian culture, food is so important that instead of saying hello, we ask "Have you eaten?"  Running out of food is such a loss-of-face in the Asian culture, the host might as well dig up your dead ancestor and take a dump on his rotting head... in front of your entire family.3. Venue - The layout of the event was inefficient.  Un'Corked had a great layout, reminiscent of Mickey Mouse's head, main pool area with two off shoots.  LuckyRice's layout, hampered by the infinite lines, is reminiscent of the drawings of a five-year old serial killer... it makes sense in his mind, but not to anyone who believes the sky is blue.  Furthermore, in an event this size, having an 8  1/2 x 11 placard on a table is about as informative as the National Enquirer on actual news. Guests are left to wander around aimlessly in search of food.4. Vendors - The attendees are already delirious from standing in line, to add insult to injury, when the vendors encouraged line cutting or took time out to socialize, I suddenly understood the rage felt by the employees of the United States Postal Service. How dare these knuckleheads give preferential treatment to people who brings them alcohol!  How dare they stop cooking and flirt when the line is literally wrapped around two-tiers of a serial killers mind!  If that wasn't enough, when you finally got your food, it wasn't all that great.   This event, touted as some of the best Asian street food, turned out to be the finest DMV experience I've ever had.
