3	I purchased the $35 Groupon like the others and had a pleasant experience but was not impressed in any way. I do not get my hair trimmed often, so I figured that with the brown sugar scrub and keratin treatment, this would be a good deal. I don't think there was anything special about the scrub or the keratin treatment, which was a simple spray. My stylist, Kendalli was cheerful and adorable though. I would not pay full price for these services. The studio has only been open for 3 months, so is in good condition.
5	I was in desperate  need of a good Stylist, as well as a haircut.  I am pretty easy to please with most thing, but I grew up in a family of hair stylist; and when it comes to my hair I can be pretty hard to please.  When I called to make my appt., I made it with Shellynn. super friendly on the phone, took the time to answer all of my questions, and made me feel very comfortable in looking forward to my appt.  The day I came into Platinum hair studio, it was very clean, and Shellynn was very friendly, and went over what I would like done with my hair.   She had a lot of work to do, and when she was finish........it looked fabulous!  I have found my stylist, and do not plan on going anywhere else!  Thank you, Thank you, Thank you!
5	I had been coloring my hair red using box hair color for a little over a year... I was tired of it and had been wanting to go blonde for a while. I was scared because of all the red that it wouldn't be bright enough or turn out yellow or orange! I looked up hair salons close to my house and this one stood out... It had good reviews plus it was right across the street from me! I called them up and told the ladies what I had going on and they told me to come in for a consultation. I showed up around 1245 on a Sunday... Shellynn was the stylist working that day. She checked out my hair and was confident she could fix my situation! She informed me that they close at 4 on Sundays and she might not have enough time to finish everything at once. :o( she told me she had an appointment after work and couldn't stay late but I totally understood. Was just a little disappointed not to get everything done that day! So we started the bleaching/stripping/coloring process. I was so nervous. She used a color remover to get a lot of the old red dye out. Then she foiled my hair. At this point she let me know that she cancelled her plans after work and was going to do it all in one sitting!! I was so happy. She didn't have to do that but you could tell she really took pride in her work and wanted to do it right. After some waiting and rinsing and toning it was time to see the finished product!! Please don't let it be yellow!!!! She dried my hair and it looked amazing! Totally blonde and natural looking. She cut my hair and styled it just the way I like it. Thank you Shellynn! I will be back ;o)
5	I bought a coupon from LivingSocial.com for a steal and the service was amazing.  I would go back here anytime.
5	I had a voucher to Platinum Hair Studio that was about to expire, so I called and they were able to squeeze me in on the same day. My hairstylist was Tatianna. She took a look at my hair and asked what I wanted done. Since I've been trying to grow out my hair, I just wanted a trim. I asked her if she'd suggest more layers, but she explained it wasn't a very good idea because my hair is curly. She really knew what she was talking about when it came to my type of hair, which isn't something I experience very often. My voucher came with a Brown Sugar Scalp Scrub ($20), Keratin Glazing Treatment ($15), and a haircut. The scrub was very nice and Tatianna was very thorough. She took her time and made sure to get every spot of my scalp. I definitely felt like my whole scalp was cleansed after that. After shampooing and conditioning, she put the Keratin glazing treatment in my hair then started blow drying and straightening it to lock in the treatment. While she did that, she lightly trimmed my hair and fixed up some uneven parts. I was probably in the salon for about an hour, but it flew by because she was able to hold a conversation with me the entire time. Tatianna really did a great job on my hair. Even though it was just a light trim, I was very satisfied with my experience at the salon. Highly recommended!
5	I love this place! Laudine was such a big help to my already damaged hair. She recommended that I come back once a month for a deep conditioning to get my hair back on track and I'm gonna do it. Thanks so much for everything and I'm glad you're my stylist. Keep up the amazing work you do :)
