5	Great Family run restaurant.  The Gyro meat is superb. BBQ ribs are outstanding, the meat falls off the ribs.  You can't go wrong with the Grecian Salad with either grilled chicken or Gyro meat. Finally, french fries are the best in town.
5	In my opinion, the Chicken Shwarma Sandwich  is "THE BEST" Sandwich in the City.  That's all I have to say.  It truly is the best.  The chicken is all white meat,  very juicy.  Cooked and seasoned to perfection, and there is a TON of meat in this baby.  The bread is chewy and hot and grilled just right.  It comes wrapped in foil.  My favorite part is when I open up the foil and the heat and steam hit my face and fog up my glasses... and fill my nostrils with the great smell.  The french fries are hand cut and some of the best around.  All the food is great, but the Chicken Shwarma sandwich is outrageous.
5	Discovered this place by accident. Didn't want to go far from our motel, didn't want anything too fancy, and didn't want fast food. This became the perfect choice. While they don't claim to be an authentic Greek Restaurant, they do claim to be an authentic Chicago Restaurant. I've never been to Chicago, but I have friends from there, and they would love it here. Good, friendly atmosphere, great Gyro meat, the best Kalmata olives and really good Beef and Lamb Shawarma. And the best, second to none, pita bread, anywhere.
5	This is as good as it gets for this style of food in this town. I've had the gyro, the falafal, and the broiled lamb chop dinner here and all have been extremely good. It's got a nice atmosphere and the owners are great people. I cant wait to try everything else on their menu. I highly recommend this place
3	I was seriously craving some chicken shwarma and hummus.  This place served excellent hummus.  My chicken shwarma was good, but maybe a little dry.  After I tried my fiance's lamb and beef shwarma I really liked it much more.  I think it was spicier than my chicken.  The service was great, and the restaurant was fairly comfortable with table seating.  No booths, unfortunately.  I think it could have stood to be a few degrees cooler in there, too.  I'd definitely go back for their hummus and lamb shwarma with rice.  I think it was a little pricy, however.  For lunch our bill for two entrees, hummus, and two drinks came to $36 before the tip.
5	I have been going to Gyros Express for almost 9 years now. My husband introduced me to it when we first started dating. He's been a loyal customer since he was in 7th grade. They have the best Gyros in the valley and their taziki sauce is so good. I order a side of taziki even if I'm getting their fabulous Mousaka dinner or a burger and slather it on everything. They have the 2nd best burgers in the valley. (Big Al's Greasy Eats is #1)  And I highly recommend the Saginaki. The atmosphere is certaintly not fancy, but the food is top notch!
4	Not much for atmosphere, but there is a reason they have been here for so long. Fantastic Gyro meat, and their lunch special which includes a Gyro, fries and a drink for only $8.95.Glad I found this little lunch spot.
4	This place has excellent gyros and the pitas come stuffed with enough gyro meat to make two gyros almost. The tzatziki sauce is also very good with the sandwich. Would definitely recommend for anyone looking for a good gyro sandwich.
5	These are the best Gyros in town or anywhere for that matter. I have been to Greece and I think they are better at Gyros Express.  I don't know how they are so good but they just are. And I honestly think their baklava is the best I've had.
4	Mmmm, totally agree. Delicious Gyros here. I will be back!
5	I try and eat here regularly. Hummus is great. Very personable staff. And the atmosphere is awesome. Look forward to the next time!
2	I went here for what will be my first and last dinner at this location.  The lunch specials might be a decent value, but anything above an average rating for the dinner is overrated.For instance, the Gyro platter included a salad and fries for $13 whereas the Gyro alone was $7.  Sure, the Gyro had a decent amount of meat and tasted fairly authentic (side note: I've had my fair share of Gyros in Greece).  However, a mediocre salad with two small Feta squares and some fries is hardly worth an additional 6 dollars.  Plus, the Gyro "platter" only had one pita with enough meat to fill three pitas.  Not to mention, the service and atmosphere was lacking for the price.  The waiter/ cook (/owner?) told me to let HIM know when I was ready to order (rather than wait on me).  Even when I did, he didn't seem to understand Greek.
5	In a somewhat disjointed location lies a tiny gem of a restaurant. And any time I see "express" in a name I am usually hesitant to partake. But on a whim I gave Gyros Express a shot:It's hard to argue that a proper gyro is one of every single person's favorite sandwich. And they can range from blissful to horrible... Right? Well, here you have them executed to near perfection, at least for my taste. I am a sucker for too much tsatsiki, and overly tender lamb. And solely for those reasons I whole heartedly recommend this establishment! The inside feels and looks like the "dining room" in a doublewide trailer, and the plateware and utensils match...but who cares, the food is cheap and delicious. Skip the million places that have "pita" in their name and seek out my favorite place for gyros! Oh, and the hummus! Go!!!!!!!
5	Holy moly yummy gyro!!!! We each did the lunch special, a gyro, fresh French fries and a soda for $9, can't beat that! Quantity is not a problem, the gyro was overflowing and the french fries were nice and hot right out the fryer! Definitely recommend!!
5	I'm usually not a fan of places with "Express" in the title. Bad memories of styofoam and rivers of grease, y'know?This has been absolutely delicious every time I've been there for lunch. I've brought coworkers and they become quickly addicted as well, salivating at the idea of a gyro with fries. I wish getting a salad for fries wasn't a dollar more (for a healthy lunch alternative), but I'll live. Oh, and the hummus is great, too.
2	I'm a little surprised on all the very positive reviews for Gyro's Express. I would give it about a 2.5 based on the quality of food, portion size, & cost. I ordered the greek salad with falafal ($10) and my boyfriend ordered a gyro lunch special ($10). The falafal balls were simply not good. They were dry & dense and lacked the crispy on the outside/soft on the inside freshness of good falafal balls. The salad itself was really small - I expect a larger portion size for a $10 salad. I will say the feta on top of the salad was quite good but there were only 3 small slices. My boyfriend thought his gyro was average and that the greek place down the street (taste of greek) made a better one. The french fries were good, but that is not so hard to do. All the seating is indoors which really is a shame in a place with good weather. Overall, I wouldn't come back here to eat again because there are lots of other choices nearby.
4	************The dinner plates are .......  a Good Value**************          The Dinner Plates come with a Nice Size Greek Salad with Feta Cheese.          Plus a side of Rice or French Fries and Pita Bread.      We've eaten here three times ...... the first time was disappointing.The last two times .......... HAVE BEEN OUTSTANDING.The portions are very generous .....and the seasoning RIGHT ON.                             My Wife enjoyed her Kabob ......                     My Gyros ...... the best I've had in Arizona
3	Just checked it out today. The environment was sorta-kinda rinky-dink but still somewhat pleasant and charming. The gentleman who greeted me and took my order was quite nice and friendly, and even made me feel like a normal human being when I asked how "gyros" should be pronounced.The food is certainly very good. I ordered the Gyros Dinner, first thing on the menu, to go. They handed me a big bag full of a basic salad on one plate and a styrofoam container full of the gyros meat, two slices of tomato, a ton of onions, and some french fries. The bag also only had one pita in aluminum foil. ONE PITA! I could easily stuff three pitas with as much meat and onions as they gave me. Fortunately, that one pita was quite good. Needless to say, I ate most of my "gyros" dinner straight from a fork, and not with pitas but the one. It's for this reason, plus the fact that I was charged over $14 for the one meal, that I have to remove one star; otherwise this would have been a good restaurant and I would've been a fan.I might still go back, with friends / co-workers, and ask for extra pitas.
4	Ever have a craving for a great gyro? If so I highly recommend a trip to Gyros Express.  This great little hole in the wall restaurant is quiet, clean and unassuming.  What it lacks in decor it more than makes up for with the quality and taste of its food.  It is refreshing to find a neighborhood spot that serves authentic food and doesn't cut corners.  The portions are healthy and not padded with tons of onions.  The meat  is well seasoned and the tzatziki sauce on the gyros is thick and creamy - not that watered down stuff that others serve.  A gyro and fries will run you about $8 and you won't leave hungry.I have tried several gyro spots across the valley but I continue to return to this one. Lunch or dinner, the food will be worth the trip.
5	We've been eating here at least once a month for years. Family run business, very friendly. The Dad gets a little grumpy at times, so do I. The Gyros sandwich and Falafel sandwich are good. The french fries are the best we've found in the area. Like the BBQ Ribs and Chicken. The sauce is not real spicy, but good. They have lunch specials that come with fries and a drink.
3	Total hole in the wall mom and pop shop with an almost cheesy/rinky dink decor but that's totally OK when the food is made fresh, served piping hot and tastes pretty darn good. We tried the gyro pita and added french fries (take note that any sides have to be added as the entrees are served solo). Although the prices are a little higher than we would have liked, the food itself was fantastic. It's a great hidden spot to stop by whenever you're in the area. Enjoy!
2	went for dinner on sunday in april 2012. been going there since 1981. new owners a couple of times. this visit was not like the others. took so long to get our order. gave less food than before. ran out of the rice. food wasent up to par. think that was our last time eating there. very pricey. lots of greek fast food better than here, and much cheaper.
5	This place has the best gyros around, been in business for so long and always supply you with the same good tasting gyros and fries for lunch and dinner.
1	I used to like this place but enough is enough and never again. This is now the third time my chicken kebab was raw in the middle... Seriously if you are in a kitchen and can't cook chicken you really shouldn't be in a kitchen...I'm leaving the restaurant feeling hungry, ripped off and concerned I may develop some food born illness. So good-bye Gyros Express its not you it's me - I don't like uncooked chicken.
3	The gyros meat is delicious but the pita at times throws everything off by not being super fresh. What I will say rocks at this place is the gyros salad. I've never seen one with such a generous portion of gyro meat. Delicious dressing too.
5	Love the owners here. They are great people, and have great food. Very hole in the wall place, but ALWAYS busy. It's great.
4	Been here several times. The prices are very reasonable. Not a big menu, but it's all Greek and it's all good. Gyros come on fresh pita bread with cold cucumber sauce and are the best west of Chicago. Spanokopita is excellent with the right amount of cheese to spinach. The mille feuille pastry is done right. The grilled chicken was moist.My only quibble is that on each of our visits, the waitress kept disappearing on us. Sometimes, our food would be brought by the busboy; sometimes, by the cook.
4	Always have a great meal there place could use some updating but food is always right on
4	I enjoy unique family owned hole in the wall small shops.  This has really good food and friendly staff.  Give it a try!
1	Wow, holy curry explosion.I wouldn't say I'm a gyro expert but do enjoy eating them from time to time. This was my first experience with Gyros Express and I don't think I will be going back. The price seemed a little high and although the gyro was full of meat, all I could taste was curry... and I like curry. Just not an entire spice rack full.Definitely not what I was hoping for.
4	Had the Gyro Kebab combination dinner.  It was exceptionally good.
4	The chicken shwarma is awesome!   The fries are hand cut and really good. Service is quick and the prices are reasonable. May have found my new lunch spot!
4	Very welcoming and friendly staff. This is another unassuming restaurant serving delicious food at a reasonable price. I had the lamb and beef and shawarma and it was delightfully well seasoned and  served with plenty of meat.I also had a chicken shawarma to go but I did not like it as much and I did not care for the use of dry spices.This is a family owned restaurant and despite its rustic look, the food is what won over my palate.
4	The food is great, and the portions of gyro meat are very generous.
5	I've been coming here for over 20 years now and their gyros are, hands down, the best in valley. I mainly stick with the gyro but my ex wife used to get their hamburger all the time and swears it was in her top three best burgers. The prices are reasonable, the staff is friendly, and the food is consistently good.
5	Holy Moley...I have been eating here for years. OK, walking into this place will not dazzle you. There is no ambiance, it is old, dated and plain. But it is clean and I don't know about you but I will take great food over ambiance any day. The Gyros are delicious. They give you so much meat and the pita is fresh, soft and delicious after they grill it with a bit of olive oil. The gyros salad is enough for two people and the oil and vinegar dressing is light and perfect for this salad. The Grecian chicken is the perfect blend of spices. On top of all that, the people who work there are so friendly, calling you by name when you pick up your order and always thanking you for coming in. If you haven't tried this little hole in the wall, you do not know what you are missing. I just made myself Hungary and now they are closed ...there is always tomorrow!!!
4	Good lunch specials Mon-Fri from 11-3pm. About $8.50 or so and it includes your drink and fries (w/ sandwich) or rice (w/ kabobs). Grecian chicken is great. Kefta kabobs and the chicken kabobs are great. The amount of gyro meat in the sandwiches is about double what I get at other places. One of my top lunch spots.Try it, you will not be disappointed.
5	I've been coming here since for 5 years now. Every time I have come there is nothing but amazing vibes, smiles on the faces of every employee and amazing food. I love the fact that this is family owned and I've gotten the opportunity to see the family grow up and them see me grow up from 13 years old to 18 years old. I absolutely love this place and I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a great place to eat (even if you're in a hurry).
5	Best Gyros in Arizona, hands down.  Their taziki sauce is the best I've had anywhere!  Been looking all over but never find a better gyros than here.
2	Went here for lunch. Got the gyro special. The tomatoes were soggy and the pita bread was a little dry. The fries were clumped together and tasted like they had been cooked in old oil. Don't think I'll be going back.
3	Good gyros combo at a decent price, the rest of the menu looked interesting. Would agree with other reviewers that appearance isn't everything and food is but this place needs some improvement in how the dining room is maintained and how their meals are delivered to the table.  Will try this place again but carry-out only.
4	Great Gyros!!  atmosphere is a bit boring, but hey, the food is what you come for :-)  Very nice people that are there, both staff and many long-time customers.
4	No frills, no fuss, just a darned good gyro.  And a good value - $8.95 for lunch includes gyro, fries, and drink.  I do wish I'd subbed a side salad for the fries.  I would definitely eat here again if I'm in the area.
2	Reading all the reviews I had high expectations. Being that I eat gyros all over town, I was excited to try these guys out. First off its a nice little spot, with a mom and pop shop feel. The old man at the front wasn't welcoming - I had a couple questions about the meal I was ordering and he acted as if I was stupid and was supposed to know. When I finally got my gyro I was fairly disappointed to say the least - I had tamato ends and no real slices and very little onion with no taziki on the sandwich- it came in a little cup, i had more gyro meat than their street taco sized pita could handle. Sloppily thrown together and thrown into a bag. Rude old man at the front and I paid 4$ more than I would for just the sandwich at my regular spot (flaming kabob). Needless to say I won't be going back to this place. Hope you have a better experience than I
2	Ate lunch here today, was a little disappointed in the price of the food and not real tasty. The Greek lemon rice soup was more of a lemon rice chowder, beware it is a bit salty but has huge lemon flavor. Also ordered the spinach cakes from the app menu.  I have had them numerous places before and they usually are delicious but not here, they did not have enough if any cheese in them and they were very greasy, which they should not be.  Also for $7.00 I expected much more than two small pieces.  The Lamb Kabob was just okay, the pita bread this time was not home made but store bought, bummer and the spices on the lamb did not really bring out the flavor.  The owner was okay, a smile or two and he warmed right up. Spending $25.00 for 2 apps and a kabob seemed very high considering the food was just so so if that much.  We will not be back
5	great food overall have been coming here for years!
5	Best gyro sandwich in Arizona! Must try if you are near by! Nice staff & clean place. Support small business in AZ!
3	I really love this place. Food is so good! Its like home to me (I come from Dearborn MI, many middle eastern restaurants). But this last visit....he service was not at all good. I don't expect much here either as far as service.  But yes I want a menu, ice in my iced tea would be nice. They may be training this kid but get him out of basketball shorts and teach him more before you let loose please. Otherwise maybe carryout only.
4	The Gyro lunch is great and I though it was plain delicious. The atmophere is quite depressing and I prefer to order out  next time
5	Their food is so authentic the most tasteful middle eastern restuarant I've been too! This place has been here for 30 years the owners are veryyyy nice. The staff were amazing. The gyros are over the top!!!
